B00000J8EK|1.0|I should have guessed that an outrageously perfect album like DYOH could never be topped.  But, instead of try, the Chems have decided to wimp out and &quot;try something new.&quot;  Too bad.
B000007OY0|5.0|The Shawshank Redemption is simply a piece of good storytelling. Told from the point of view of Morgan Freeman's prison veteran Red, it chronicles Andy Dufresne's prison life. Andy, a reserved but sympathetic ex-banker,  tries to maintain quiet dignity in an environment of sheer brutality. This  movie is as flawless as it gets, IMHO.
B000002OR4|5.0|Excellent, Excellent, Excellent. What a Talent to write such discriptive and powerful music!
B00000J7JO|4.0|I thought the album was excellent. I only gave it 4 stars because it's just not as hard as they used to be. Along with Fruciante, they got their old sound back. I liked the Dave Navarro version, but it's great that they  have John back.  About the fact that it's not as heavy as their older  albums...people change over time. they've sobered up, experienced more in  life, and grown up some.  Some people are saying it's been four years, but  you have to remember, they've only been back with John for what, a year or  so, if that.
630512762X|5.0|the action, the acting, the story, the direction, all of these aspects make this movie so good, i wrote a college paper on it!  never before have i seen any movie with this much power!
B00000BKDY|5.0|This was released while I was in high school, I still remember racing a friend to the store to pick it up.  After listening intently, I was somewhat taken aback by the new sound.  Within a few months of growing  mentally, as well as musically, I came to appreciate this album for what it  really was, Iron Maiden at it's apex of pure talent and creativeness.  This  was the pinnacle album that put the finishing touch on the brilliance the  band caried through the 80's.  The music on the album seems to be ever so  much more so, as if you're hearing it, but there is something else you're  hearing and not quite registering in your mind.  It makes each song bigger  than life and emotionally moving.  You feel the songs somewhere deep  inside. Harris really outdid himself with his lyrics (as did the rest of  the band) and each member really played impeccably (which carried through  to the concert, a near flawless performance, once again).   All bands must  mature and move on from what made them the band they were, Maiden did it  with class.  They were able to move on to the next phase of their careers  and keep the die hard fans right there with them.  Not too many bands,  except the true masters, have been able to do this throughout the history  of rock (Metallica, Scorpions, and Def Leppard couldn't do it without  trading in their true fans for the &quot;Mainstream Top 40 fans&quot;).   This album was definitely a turning point in the bands career, to follow up  a heavy hitting album like Powerslave and a live album with another  brilliant effort is near unheard of in music today (not too mention, Maiden  had already put out two now classic metal albums out before Powerslave).   Any true Iron Maiden fan has this in his collection, and if not, pick it up  again and live out those days of your youth again.
0385493800|5.0|GRISHAM HAS DONE IT AGAIN.  THIS BOOK HAS A DIFFERENT TWIST TO IT, BUT IT IS EQUAL TO HIS OTHERS.  VERY ENTERTAINING.  I AM ALREADY LOOKING FOWARD TO HIS NEXT BOOK.
B00000BKDW|5.0|Simply put, this is the best album Iron Maiden ever released.  There is no way they could top it,  there is no way they could have made it better.  Iron Maiden blew every other metal band out of the water with this one and  left them cringing in fear.  If albums of this caliber were the norm, there  would be no Limp Bizkits or Marylin Mansons out there today, because they  wouldn't have the talent to create something of this nature...EVER.  Dave  Murray and Adrian Smith trade licks throughout the album, weaving and  interlocking with synchronicity that no guitar duo could ever attain  (Though K.K. Downing and Glenn Tipton of Judas Priest certainly tried) and  Steve Harris' steady, rythmic, punching basslines are unparalleled for that  era.  This album marked the end of an era for all metal, someone had  finally achieved what all had hoped for, a perfect album.   Even Maiden  themselves seemed changed after this experience, Somewhere in Time (though  an awsome album itself) is proof of this. Songs like Ace's High or Back to  the Village keep the album rolling at high speeds, only to be  counterpointed by ethereal creations like Powerslave and Losfer Words  (Big'Orra) and, of course, the masterpiece: Rime Of the Ancient Mariner.  I  still get goosebumps just thinking about Bruce &quot;Air Raid Siren&quot;  Dickinson screaming out: &quot;Then down in falls comes the  RAAAIIINNNN!&quot; Only to be followed by a series of riffs and solos for  the ages.  The entire Opus of Rime of the Ancient Mariner needs to be put  into the Smithsonian and played continually for all visitors travelling  throught the Music History Department. Iron Maiden trained themselves  musically their whole lives to bring this album to the people, anyone even  remotely interested in Heavy Metal needs to buy this album, I have played  this album for friends that were only into Soul and R&amp;B, and it  affected them, they were right there rocking out just as hard for the  Powerslave tour.  If anyoneout there is thinking which Iron Maiden album  to buy as their first, don't get this one, it's too much for the first time  listener, all the other great albums Maiden has to offer will not be able  to compare to the greatness they achieved on this album.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|If you havent seen The Evil Dead you aint seen nuttin yet. Sam Raimis film making debut is the bomb ! Over nearly twenty years one of the best movies ever made in this genre. The Evil Dead is also the debut of the  confessed B-movie actor Bruce Campbell whose actor qualities are best shown  in the whole trilogy. If you ever were into gory horror movies then this is  definately it ! Buy now and JOIN US !
0064471047|5.0|The first book in the famous allegorical Chronicles of Narnia fantasy series for children. Four English school children (Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy) visit an old Professor to avoid the air raids in London during  World War II. They discover an &quot;entrance&quot; to a world of fantasy  through a wardrobe. It is a world that will change them forever. They  assist the golden lion Aslan to defeat the White Witch who has cursed  Narnia with eternal winter: the classic conflict of good vs. evil. This is  the first in the Chronicles to be published. However, &quot;The Magician's  Nephew&quot; relates events that take place before the events in this book  and many, including the publisher, suggest that individuals read that book  first. I disagree. I think the series flows much better when read in the  order of their publication. As one reads the series, particularly with the  last volume, one become more attuned to the spiritual aspects of the tales.  And in responce to muchadoaboutlisa from Australia (of May 6, 1999), as we  can tell from the last volume, Narnia does exist.
078881172X|4.0|A fresh, uplifting story from the day when disney's characters weren't santatized results of marketing surveys
B000003CKH|5.0|My 13 year old daughter started to play this album and I liked it so much I had to buy it.  The band and singer are always a little off key and off tempo and it really blends well, I really like I will Survive, it is so  very different when sung from the male perspective.  This band rocks but it  helps to be a bit dysfunctional and disenfranchised to really enjoy it.
B00000JCB2|4.0|There are a lot of great tunes on this album, and I am glad that MTV or radio stations did not play out nookie before the album even came out.  Their first one rocked and can't be topped, but this one is still well  worth buying!
B000002UWF|5.0|I stumbled across this album in a Best Buy bargain bin and went for it based on Jump, Jive and Wail... And I'm hooked.  And its all about Keely.  The way she sings &quot;baby won't you please come home&quot; sends shivers  all through me.  Louis is of course the man, but the interplay between the  two is what makes the album.  Oh- let me put in a plug for the new swing  movement... If it weren't for that I'd still be listening to alterno slop  and wouldn't have found great music like this.
B000002J29|4.0|The cuts that appear on this double disc from Trick of the Tail and Wind and Wuthering are remarkably like their counterparts on the studio recordings.  Enjoyable, but nothing new.  What is of particular interest  here are the performances of those numbers traditionally sung by Peter  Gabriel.  With the exception of two minutes of the twenty plus version of  Suppers Ready, where Phil Collins sounds as if he's in a broadway musical,  The performances are brilliant.  What these numbers reveal is that Collins  is a far superior vocalist than Gabriel, who was also often guilty of  theatrical histrionics.  It is these performances that make this material  worth purchasing.  The band is in fine form and the quality of the sound is  exceptional for a live recording.  Highly recommended...Simon
B000002NIW|5.0|Around the Fur is the best Deftones album, in my opinion anyway. The first and best metal song of the album &quot;My Own Summer (Shove It)&quot; totally blows you away. The rest of the cd rocks too. buy this one today
B0000024SD|5.0|Of the twelve songs here, half are Dylan classics and half are just terrific gems. Not to be missed.
B000002UAO|5.0|I am 14 years old and this album in my opinion best describes The Beatles style. Lennon and McCartney started a different way in writing songs because around this time Dylan came and changed and influenced everyone.  This is a must have album it is worth every dollar!
B00000IOSU|2.0|Most of the songs were absolutely amazing She has a great voice and the texts moves me... But WHY did it have to be a live performance??? I ruins the whole album. I am sure that the people that were present were very  happy, but as a person who is very sensetive to sound, appreciate the  purity in sound, the background noice was a huge distraction. Sarah, there  is nothing wrong in doing a studio recording. You can still capture the  soul of the music in a studio. All I can say is that I am waiting for the  album to be re-released as a studio recording with no distracting noice  that does not represent the music. I want to hear the Sarah and ONLY Sarah!
0446310786|5.0|This was one of the best books I have ever read...If you haven't read it yet, you're really missing out on something good.  I especially love the innocence of Scout as she is retelling the story of her childhood, and the  real insight this book gives into human nature.  Harper Lee is truly one of  the most brilliant writers of all time! (jane austen is the other one!)
0792152328|5.0|First off, I am a 16 year old male.  Most of the (quote) immature people around my area and on the internet say that this film sucks because, guess why, DiCaprio is in it and because it is a love story.  Please!  Thats  crap!  This movie is one of the most emotional and beautiful films I have  ever seen in my entire life thus far!  Most people who review it haven't  even seen the damn thing!  They just come on here and talk about why they  think it sucks.  Please!  I just don't get it.  Most likely people like  this are immature un-loved or un-loving people.  I am not going to jump to  that assumption, but if you are not like that then why are you acting like  it?  I don't know.  Everyone is entitled to their own opinion and if you  didn't like it, thats great, but if you haven't don't presume to think it  automatically sucks.  Rent it, you may gain a little sense of love.   Beautiful movie.
0767802659|1.0|At first pass, a fun flick. After re-reading the book after seeing it (my fifth time reading the novel), I realized how much it sucked. The only two saving graces were the JOHN RODGER (nice ship design) and the visualization  of the bugs. Otherwise, a complete waste of time.
B00000ICD9|4.0|This movie, though depressing its one that makes you think about life and opens your mind to things you werent thinking about before it started. The special effects are so amazing its like real actors in a cartoon type  world.. very differnt than any movie I have ever seen. I say, watch this  movie if you want to think intensely about life
B00000AFFF|4.0|A risky pairing that paid off!<br />Bacharach is in top form! His melodic sense is as wonderful as it ever was. Elvis has an AMAZING voice that will break your heart.  His instrument continues to get better and better. I  only wish there were more artistic pairings of this diversity and caliber.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Upon first hearing Californication, I was skeptical because it lacked the funky beats of BSSM and MM.  But repeated listens will reveal the true genius of this record and its many mezmerizing tracks. My fav is Parallel  Universe - I heard it first at the WHFStival in Baltimore and was hooked  immediately. No, it's not Blood Sugar, but very few albums are.  If it were  possible I'd give BSSM six stars, and this one would be on par with other  great-but-not-quite-classic albums. It will be around for a very long time.
6305470448|1.0|I was shocked when Shakespeare In Love won Best Picture and Best Actress. This movie is good enough, I suppose, for a cheap chick flick, but where's the chemistry? Where's the grace and artistry that Gwyneth Paltrow was  supposed to possess in abundance? As a fan of the Elizabethan era, I can  only hang my head in shame that such a film was produced. Trust me, if you  want a movie that truly shows the Elizabethan era and is worthy of all the  Oscars it was robbed of, try Elizabeth. Cate Blanchett was absolutely  stunning in this film, more convincing in her demanding role as Queen  Elizabeth that Gwyneth Paltrow could ever hope to be.
B000002UB3|5.0|The best album by the best band ever
B0000028RR|5.0|If you are interested in &quot;Rapcore&quot; than this is the CD for you. Songs like Bombtrack, Killing in the Name, Take the Power Back, Know your Enemy, and Freedom are true 90's classics. Filled with political  frustration and protest, it reveals the anger that gives Rage Against the  Machine their power. If you're gonna buy one Rage album, buy this one!
0783222955|3.0|I suppose my judgment is partially swayed by the fact that I read the book first, but I was let down by the film rendition of To Kill a Mocking Bird. In fact, I couldn't even bear to watch the movie because it was totally  destroying my imagined setting and characters. You just don't get a feel  for the town of Maycomb, and, unlike in the book, you can't really feel  anything toward the characters like anger, resentment, or love. That was  probably one of the best things about the book. And the actor chosen for  Dill was horrifyingly GEEKY. Too many parts left out, and it skips through  the plot.
B00000J8EK|2.0|Now they sound completely different... Well, thats okay if they just havent forgot to write good songs. &quot;Orange Wedge&quot;, &quot;Surrender&quot; and some others are simply boring, &quot;Out of  Control&quot; just bad. &quot;Got Glint?&quot; sounds like a cheap Daft  Punk-copy and &quot;Asleep from Day&quot; is more Air than CB. Just the  first two tracks (&quot;Music: Response&quot;, &quot;Under the  Influence&quot;) are really great. But thats too little for a complete  album. And where was the Chemical Sister Beth Orton? Definately not a  masterpiece like &quot;Dig your own Hole&quot;!
B000002KBD|5.0|A must have for anyone contemplating diving head first into the soulful sounds of Mr. Van.  Everyone loves Domino, the first track, and it only gets better as it moves on into Crazy Face, an emotional ballad, I've Been  Working, a song about trying to prove his love, Call Me Up In Dreamland,  and my personal favorite, the ending track, Street Choir.  I have played  this one for some of my reluctant Van fan friends and have noticed, a few  weeks later, the album among their collection.  Get the album, listen to it  a few times, it will grow on you, and you'll want to buy more.  It started  me on my obsession and it may for you as well.  After you get to know this  album I suggest picking Tupelo Honey, it follows a natural progresion.
0425170349|1.0|Let me explain why this is the worst book ever:<br />1. All the characters are macho sharpshooters who never make mistakes. All they do is kill people and train. Why don't we see them with their families? Do they do anything  on their days off besides training? All we learn about them is their name  and military background. What music do they listen to? What t.v. shows or  movies do they watch? What are their hobbies? Clancy never tells us. I've  never seen such minamalistic characterization in my life. Ding is the only  member who is fleshed out. We learn nothing about the other characters.How  can we care about them? 2. The book is way too long. It could have been  much shorter. 3. Awful dialouge. Every character speaks the same. Everyone  uses the same words: &quot;Doc&quot;, &quot;Bad Guys&quot;,  &quot;Double-Tap&quot;... 4. Unrealistic: No one in Team 1 dies. No one is  even wounded. We know they'll survive, so wheres the suspense? Sure,  someone on group 2 is killed, but we never find out his name? So who cares?  5. Clancy's biased world view: Clancy thinks all tree-huggers are bad. If a  women is independent or a feminist, she must be evil. If a woman is  subserviant to her husband and has babies, she's an angel. Hey, Clancy, how  come there are no female team members? Are you trying to tell us women  can't handle terrorists? This book is very misogynistic. I agree with the  military guy who said this book was only written to further Clancy's  jingoistic world view. (Yes, I am a liberal). 6. No real main character.  Sure, Clark is supposed to be the main character, but he does nothing!  Popov and Ding have more page time. Clark does not face down any demons.   7. The computer game is better then the book. 8. That ridiculous photo on  the back jacket. Clancy, face facts: You have never served, and never will  serve, in the military. Stop pretending. RAINBOW SIX is the worst book ever  written. Don't waste your money. Buy Elmore Leonard instead. At least he  takes the time to flesh out his characters, (His books are way shorter then Clancy's, too!) I hate this book.
079070546X|4.0|Watch this sometime between December 10 and December 23 each year, because it will put you in the right frame of mind for Christmas. It is quite ludicrous in parts, but most people know a dad like Chevy Chase and  relatives like his brother and appalling family. One to watch before  settling down to a good horror movie.
078401020X|5.0|movi
6302881005|3.0|It's an excellent idea - can a marriage survive a Faustian sexual pact with a millionaire? - but in this movie it doesn't work. Perhaps it's because Robert Redford and Demi Moore are not quite right for the parts, or  perhaps it's because the dialogue is not sharp enough, but the viewer finds  it hard both to figure out what motivates Redford and to sympathize with  Moore. The portrayal of the young couple's marriage is fairly convincing,  but the ending is bizarre and more appropriate to a Chevy Chase film.
B00000IQV1|5.0|This movie truly touched our hearts
B0000025H4|5.0|When I was in college I walked a couple of miles in the dead of winter to a Big Bear department store.  I bought &quot;Unleashed...&quot; out of a bargain tape bin, and boy, What A Bargain! When I got back to my dorm room  I popped it in and stood there absolutely shocked at how perfectly Priest  played.  I shouted and laughed out loud I was so amazed!  Rob Halford hit  every note on the MONEY!  Tipton and Downing were absolutely riveting.  No  band has ever touched this live recording.  No band ever will.  I still get  chill bumps when I listen to Victim of Changes, and to the uninitiated, I  say this:  You will too.
0375707972|1.0|This story, one which very well could have come form the imagination Milan Kundera, has the basic makings of a masterpiece. Unfortunately the author fails to make his point, can not offer the lyrical prose of a master and  ends up instead with a trite, boring read. The characters are one  dimensional and dull and the climax of the story leaves you wondering `is  that all?' Trust me stick with the proven master. Read Milan Kundera's  The  Unbearable Lightness of Being and leave The Reader where it belongs: on the  bookshelf
6305234760|5.0|I don't like opera - or so I thought.  But in watching this performance I was so completely riveted and engaged that it has entirely revised my understanding of the art.  Wow!
B00000JCB2|4.0|This cd doesn't have as much heavy guitar and screaming as the first cd has, but it is full of variations.  Not one song on the cd sounds like another.  There are some songs with the limp bizkit that everyone knows and  loves, and there are songs which are a lot of hip hop.  I think that limp  bizkit's new sound is very entertaining although it didn't satisfy my need  for the grinding heavy sound that I was expecting after listening to their  first cd.
B00000JCB2|2.0|Limp bizkit screw it up big time their only like 5 cool tracks, the others are like rap and i hate that s%$t. Now we have to wait 3 years for the other one.
6305470448|5.0|I really have to respectfully disagree with those of you who didn't think Gwyneth Paltrow deserved an Oscar for her role in this movie.  Her inspired, passionate readings of the lines from &quot;Romeo and  Juliet&quot; made me discover the beauty of Shakespeare's poetry for the  first time.  I thought Cate Blanchett was tremendous in  &quot;Elizabeth&quot;, another great movie.  But I thought Paltrow's  performance was the more fully-realized.  And no chemistry!  Come on!  I  have to wonder whether some of you folks have something against her, to be  quite honest.
6304198493|5.0|this was one of the best movies i have ever seen.  it is as flawless of a movie as i can imagine.  the screen play was spectacular.  the acting was great, especially spacy.  this movie really had no weakness.  it keeps you  guessing until the very end and even then you aren't sure what to believe.   this movie is a must see and a must for the video collection.
B00000J7J4|5.0|santana,s magic is back if your going to buy one cd this summer this is it,  this truly is the year of carlos.The man is gifted.God bless you carlos.
6301963695|5.0|Seductive.  9 1/2 weeks explores the often overlooked side of human sexuality, power exchange.  Elizabeth finds herself drawn into the darker desires of John, but can she give herself over to his all encompassing  love?  A must see for any off beat enthusiast.
B000005RXF|4.0|With Pop, U2 ventured into new territory yet again, with slightly less stellar results than they had achieved with Achtung Baby.  Nevertheless, the songs on Pop stand right up there alongside the rest of their work.  If  the album was just a little bit more cohesive, with slightly better  production, it would be of a 5 star calibre.  As it is, I love it for its  bold experimentalism, Bono's dead-on lyrics, and its heightened sense of  the moment.  When you listen to this album, you know it must have been  created in the late 90s, and other than Radiohead, I can't think of any  other rock band that seem to be bothering to try to articulate these times  we are living in.  Highlights include Wake Up Dead Man, a gothic prayer  with excellent lyrics; Gone, yet another great guitar anthem by Mr. Edge;  MoFo, the only real venture into Techno territory, it proves U2 can do  whatever they want to do; and If You Wear That Velvet Dress, a dark, quiet,  brooding piece of music full of mystery and longing.  Please, also, is  great, but I feel Edge's guitar is way too low in the mix.  Still, great  album, lads.  Can't wait for the next one.
B000001ZS4|5.0|Equinoxe is absolutely the best work by Mr. Jarre.  I had heard parts of it, and then a friend told me he had witnessed the debut concert in Paris, and played the entire cassette.  That afternoon I bought it on vinyl.  When  CD's came out, this album was the reason I bought a player.  Mr. Jarre has  made many magnificent pieces since then, but I believe this is still his  finest hour.  Equinoxe 5 is the highlight of this suite, coming as it does  where you would flip the record or cassette, roaring at you with the sound  of the second thunderclap.  Any electronic music buff must have this piece  in his collectoin!
B000001DTM|5.0|Actually, this may be the best album ever.  U2 are the greatest band ever, and Achtung Baby is the proof.  With this album, they proved that you can reinvent yourself, that new ideas and new technology are not to be feared,  and that playing with your own image is much more interesting than letting  the media and your fans determine your image.  But what about the music?   Well, it's spectacular.  My favorite is the closing 4-song suite - Trying  To Throw Your Arms/Ultraviolet/Acrobat/Love Is Blindness.  So much dark  power, Bono's great lyrics on loss and love, Edge's guitar finding new  sounds that are just as great as the old ones.  Bono once said &quot;it's  Adam and Larry's record, really,&quot; and I can see what he means, because  the rhythm section finds grooves you would never have thought them capable  of, but for my money, it's Bono and Edge's record.  Bono's lyrics are  better than ever, while Edge seems determined to drain every last bit of  life out of his guitar.  The last great rock album.  Everyone should own  it.
B000002L99|5.0|Like it or not Diamond Dave lovers, this is the best Van Halen line-up. Sammy brought a new energy to these guys on this album, and it is the best Van Halen album.  I was a sophomore in high school when this album came  out, and I remember that everyone had a copy of it (on cassette at that  time of course!) The album went to number one on the charts and has some  great songs on it...&quot;Why Can't This Be Love&quot; and &quot;Summer  Nights&quot; are great. So is &quot;Dreams.&quot;  Too bad their isn't any  good rock music like this being made in the 90s...now all we have is that  hip-hop rap crap and bubblegum pop.
B000002UDG|5.0|a must even if you're not a fan
B000002H33|5.0|When i got this cd, i immediately listened to it. I LOVED IT!!! it is one of the best cds i ever, and it influenced as a guitarist. i love the songs &quot;Master of Puppets,&quot; &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot;, and  &quot;Leper Messiah.&quot; i recommend this to ANY metal fan!!!!!!!
6300151379|5.0|Jim Henson was a gifted artist in the fantasy world. and his work needs to live on. His creations look so real and it's sad he's gone. People of all ages would enjoy Labyrinth and I'm sure alot of them would buy the movie if  they new it existed. I just hope &quot;the Dark Crystal&quot; is'nt on the  extinct list next. BRING BACK THIS MOVIE! Its to good to be shelfed...DougD
6303212379|5.0|This is the best movie about a group of average kids who get to live the dream of every kid.
6300182193|5.0|I first saw and fell in love with Langella's &quot;Dracula&quot; when it was released in 1979, and 20 years later it is still the most erotic movie I have ever seen.  Frank Langella IS Dracula personified, with his Gothic  dark handsomeness and piercing eyes - he certainly hypnotized me all  through the movie.  <br />The scenes in which Dracula romances and then  seduces Lucy are the most sensual and provocative I have ever seen, and   this is accomplished without any clothing ever being removed!  This truly  shows the depth of Langella's talent, and his commanding presence   throughout the film bears witness to his tremendous ability as a stage  actor.  I wish I could have seen him perform in the theater, because the  stage is his first love and this would only have intensified the sensual  effects.  <br />Although the plot departs from the original Bram Stoker novel  (which I have read several times), I didn't mind because of the magnetism  generated by Langella.  I was also seduced along with Lucy, and I can truly  say that 20 years (and many relationships) later, this is still the most  sensuous, erotic, and sexually satisfying experience I've ever had. The  only way it could have been better was if I had been given the role of Lucy  -- Langella can bite my neck anytime! I definitely rate it five  stars -  each and every time I watch it.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp bizkit doesn't dissapoint. They did not &quot;sell out&quot; like some idiots think. the tracks are still hard (not as hard as 3 dollar bill) but still is kick ass music. BUY THIS!
0446310786|5.0|Without question, this book is by far the best book I have ever read.  It captures the soul and describes with amazing grace, human existence in 20th century America (or for that matter America)...Best book I have ever  read--best writing I have seen in all of my years.
0783226063|5.0|That is right, you read that correctly:  This is my favorite movie of ALL TIME! I am really only reviewing this movie so that I can raise its score .01 stars by giving it all five.  What follows is a really lame  justification for my score, but you may find it interesting, so read  on.<br />Here is why it gets 5 stars:<br />Star #1:  The creator(s) of this film  did an amazing job of realizing the planets, costumes, characters,  creatures and buildings from Frank Herbert's novel.  Everything is right on  the money.  The worms look amazing, the still-suits are perfect, the Fremen  are exactly as they should be, the navigators are totally believable, etc.   If you subtracted the plot from this movie, everything would be  perfect.<br />Star #2:  This movie proves a concept, which is that a movie's  plot can be so hacked up and the movie can be made under such terrible  circumstances and still be really enjoyable to a group of people.  It is  kind of the concept behind all movies that have developed a cult following  - a movie can be so screwed up that it seems better than if it were just  pretty good.<br />Star #3:  Dune - The Movie begat Dune - The Computer Game.   Dune - The Computer Game begat Dune 2 - The Much-Improved Computer Game.   Dune 2 begat a whole genre of computer games called Real Time Strategy  games that have included some of the best computer games ever.  If you have  liked any of the Warcraft, Starcraft, Command &amp; Conquer games (or  clones), you owe thanks to Dune 2 - The Computer Game and Dune - The  Movie.<br />Star #4:  This movie has the quality where it gets better each  time you watch it.  The first time I watched it, it made no sense to me  (although I was intrigued enough to watch it again).  The second time, I  watched it made more sense, but made me want more.  Then I read the book,  then I watched it again - everything made a lot more sense.  Finally, I  watched the long version and by that time everything made A LOT of sense.   Any movie that rewards repeated viewings and makes you want to read the  book, study the source material, etc. is a GOOD MOVIE.  A good movie SHOULD  leave you hungry for more, and should not have ALL of the answers.<br />Star  #5:  Hmmm... I have run out of things.  I will have to think.  Well, after  watching this movie hundreds of times, I have naturally memorized many of  the lines.  When I suddenly spout off a line or two at times that seem  appropriate to me (but random to everyone else), it helps me with my  wierd-but-cool mystique.  How about that?<br />Okay so I have proven (beyond a  reasonable doubt) that the movie DESERVES 5 stars.  Now I just want to say  a few words about the mysterious long version: I now have 3 videotaped  copies of the long version (NO, I will not send anyone any copies under any  circumstances) and here is the main point - if you haven't seen it, you are  NOT missing much. So what is in the much talked about long version?  First  of all, it is definately longer than the VHS version or DVD version but it  is not 4 hours.  The movie was made into a mini-series for TV and probably  had 4 1-hour episodes or 2 2-hour episodes.  Figuring in time for  commercials, that is way less than 4 hours. Second, it has VERY little new  material.  The main new part is a new introduction.  It replaces the  introduction given by Princess Irulan (&quot;...know then that it is the  year 10,191...&quot;).  Instead, a man's voice gives the introduction and  explains a little bit of the history of man's fight with machines and the  rise of the navigating guild.  While he is talking, you see very badly  drawn pictures of the described events.  These are most likely taken from  storyboards of scenes that were never shot.  The new introduction was  probably added with the intention of making the plot make more sense, but  fails miserably.<br />There are also some scenes in the &quot;long  version&quot; that are shown several times, like one where a Harkonnen shipis landing or taking off comes to mind.<br />Finally, there ARE deleted  scenes.  It has been too long since I watched a long version to tell you  what they all are.  Here are a few that I can remember:  Gurney Halleck  (Patrick Stewart) playing his Sitar-looking instrument and singing(!).  The  drowning of a baby worm in water to create the Water of Life.  The removal  of the water from a Fremen man that Paul defeats in battle. The extra  scenes were shot with the real actors, but no effects were added so, for  example, in scenes with Fremen their eyes are not blue.<br />If you are still  dying to see the long version, the best way that I can recommend is to get  cable and get the Sci-Fi channel.  They show it every few months.<br />After  watching the movie many times and reading the book, it now makes perfect  sense to me and has become my ALL TIME favorite movie.  If you are willing  to put in a similar effort, you will be rewarded with much more enjoyment  of this movie.<br />-Jeremy A. Ellis
B00000J7JO|5.0|This has got to be in everyones cd player.It is unique and beautiful.It is wonderful and an insta-classic.Older fans may not like it but that's understandable.It's totally different from their previous work,but that's  okay.Anthony really sings and sounds beautiful,his lyrics help make this  album I also like the way he raps.There is no song to skip or pass. This  whole album is great from start to finish.Flea still kicks a**,like I  needed to tell you that.John is one of the greatest guitar players ever so  he really helps.The only problem is that Chad needed to go off on his drum  kit more,when you're that talented you need to display it,but thats not  even a real problem.Simply put if you do not buy this album you probably  suck....
B00000JIN1|5.0|extra cd has pathetic, josie, untitled + aliens exist.  All live
B000002N2P|4.0|First off i have to say i am a huge Green day fan.  This is there least good album.  But since its green day its awesome.  The Songs aren't as catchy as the others like dookie, nimrod, or kerplunk.  The best thing  about this album is the lyrics.  They are awesome.  I recomend this to any  green day fan.
0375707972|5.0|The story is of a young boy in post war Germany, who has an affair with a woman twice his age. Later he learns of her guilt and subsequent life sentence in prison. He continues to read to her, (though recorded on  cassette tapes), just as he did during his earlier affair. The biggest  problem is dealing with his own guilt.<br />This book will 'slap you up side of the head' to get your  attention and will hold it until the last page. This ought to be used in  our public school system and be required reading in both English and Ethics  classes.
B000001IPL|5.0|If you're a BIG Offspring fan,you better listen to their old stuff more. like their 2nd album &quot;SMASH&quot;. You'll see that it's wwaaaayyyyy!! better. Not like their 1998 album &quot;AMERICANA&quot;!
B000000FG8|2.0|If you like stuff like Green Day, blink 182, Descendents, then you won't like this.  This is mostly ska with some weak punk thrown in.  I bought it on the basis of the reviews here and the band's semi-legendary status, and  was greatly disappointed.  Buy it if you like No Doubt or the weaker  ska-type bands.  Pales in comparison to true punk classics like Black  Flag's &quot;Damaged&quot;.
B000002HMH|2.0|I am not going to accuse Metallica of &quot;selling out&quot; like so many people do.  Times change, and people with them.  If this is the music they want to play, no one but Metallica can say why that is.  I am a big fan of  their older albums, especially MOP, and Justice.  Their new style of music  doesn't appeal to me, but I will go on listening to what I like.  Some  songs on this album our okay.
6305311463|5.0|Excellent movie perfect combo of comedy, drama, &amp; suspens
6305095442|5.0|this is not a gore feast, this is a evil dead film. don't come on here whining it was not gory enough, if you want gore go see a peter jackson film! as i said before, this is a evil dead film, its just so damn cool.  the reason everyone loves this film so much is because its just, well, its  cool! every thing is purposly made silly and dumb. its a evil dead film!
0790739917|5.0|&quot; City Of Angels &quot; is the movie of the decade . How true what &quot;Messenger&quot; says in the movie &quot; People dont believe in us anymore &quot; Heart wrentching , tears , laughter never get bored as , I  have watched it 14 times . and thats not the last either . It just goes to  show that you dont have to make a blockbuster with 10 years of making it .  Good work ! &quot; Cage &quot; was the best . Very talented and dedicated .  I like to see that
6304916558|2.0|Maybe my expectations were just too high. I thought Goldeneye was maybe the best Bond ever, and I'm a huge fan of Michelle Yeoh from her great Hong Kong stuff, so I was hoping this movie would be great--it wasn't.  The  opening scene in Goldeneye was a heart-stopping world-record bungie jump  off a dam in Russia--the opening scene in this one was  Bond in a plane  blowing stuff up.  The big chase scene in Goldeneye was an incredibly wild  tank chase through the streets of St. Petersburg--the big chase in this one  just completely ripped off the stunt from the 1983 Bond film Never Say  Never Again where a motorcycle slid under a helicopter.  There was nothing  in this one to compare to the tense, very clever Goldeneye scene of Bond  slowly rolling the cart of explosives he was taking cover behind in front  of the russian soldiers, who were just straining not to open fire on him.   Also, there were some problems with the way this one was scored, too.  It  seemed so out of place to hear the big,dramatic signature Bond theme during  a dumb TEST of the remote controlled car.  Brosnan is a great Bond,  combining the suaveness of  Moore, the intensity and irony of Dalton and  the physicality of Connery, and Michelle Yeoh has so much charisma and  prescence on screen, but this movie was just a generic, explosion filled  and not very clever entry into the Bond pantheon.
0790729733|1.0|I always find Stone and Costner movies overblown and their supposedly knowledeable insider views misleading at best. This movie is for conspiracy and other nuts only. It assumes that it is right and a realistic view of  history. I'd like to see a  JFK movie without the opinions and based upon  fact, at least that which is know or can be realistically supposed. Turn  your brain off when you watch this movie and it may be alright. I can't get  past the santimonious attitude.
6304240562|5.0|This coming from a tough critic. DAWN OF THE DEAD is an epic horror, and no other zombie film in exisitence, or ANY horror film has been able to out-do this masterpiece.<br />This film in Romero's dead trilogy takes place a  few weeks after Night of the Living Dead. Society is going to hell...people  are rioting, killing each other, and destroying everything...and isn't that  funny? Most of the problems are not caused by the zombies THEMSELVES...but  by the humans. A very accurate statement on the human race. However, a TV  traffic reporter decides that he and his girlfriend, along with a couple of  SWAT officers, should &quot;borrow&quot; the station helicopter and get the  hell out of Dodge. They do so, and find themselves landing on a large  shopping mall after a series of close calls. The longer they hole up in the  mall, however, the more they become ambitious. They then decide to take  over the mall, and shut out the dead....they live in a paradise that  quickly eats them away...but they have a trouble headed towards them worse  than any zombies.<br />This movie has it all, awesome music by GOBLIN,  adventure, action, horror, and comedy. You really love the characters, who  develop quite nicely throughout the movie. In my humble opinion, this film  has one of (if not the best) endings in horror history. No, don't expect  any twists...it's just one of the best, and represents a sour victory  perfectly.<br />Every human being owes it to themselves to be treated with  this wonderful movie. Buy it.
B00000AFWW|2.0|I gave this cd 2 stars because I only listen to it when I go to the gym. And that's only because it kills time. I'm convinced that Billy Corgan gave Ms. Love the help that she sorely needed. Like Kurt Cobain and Kim Gorden  before him, Corgan became Hole's 'ghost writer'
630512065X|5.0|I was raised completely on musicals, and I had previously heard the music of Cats and read the poems of T.S. Elliot.  I thought that the fact of it being available as a video was wonderful.  Although Elaine Paige was  wonderful, I was slightly disapointed however, that Betty Buckley was not  Grizabella.
B00000J8EK|5.0|First hearing the Album in Real Audio on the Web ring left me afraid that the Chems had created a boring, flat album....Not so.  I was the first in line to get my copy and listened to the whole thing non-stop and I can  confidently say that the Brothers have worked it out and that they have  outdone themselves once again!  All the bad reviews are flat out baseless.   Great album from the greatest two men on earth. I'd give it 10 stars if  that were possible.
B000002UWE|3.0|Ummm...OK...call me a purist, but I really didn't go for the second-half of this CD and the &quot;newer&quot; Talk Talk.  I fell in love with the gorgeous synth-pop antics represented in the first six songs of this CD and  just couldn't get into tune with their later escapades, although receiving  from some people quite a bit of good review.  However, I did find the last  track, a live version of &quot;Tomorrow's Started&quot; to be quite  possibly the best track on the CD.  After not enjoying too open-heartedly  tracks 7-13, &quot;Tomorrow's Started&quot; took me by complete surprise.   It is definitely a &quot;OK, I depressed, screw everything, who cares, just  let me drive 85 down the highway, while smoking, with both windows  down&quot; kind of song.  Very touching.<br />So this CD gets 3 stars...
0393314804|5.0|This book is perfect in every way. It blows the film away any day of the week and the film was really good. I'm glad I read the book first, it really did show the film up.<br />The Scottish phonetics make the book work so  well, adding some real feel of authenticity. The true grittiness and  honesty of the book speak for themselves.<br />Buy this book. Just don't lend  it to grandma.
B000002I25|5.0|....nevertheless I would like to add my own 5 stars to this outstanding record. There can be not enough.
B00000ICN5|5.0|Just what my title suggests.  It is simply the best blues album ever
B00000F3TS|5.0|Not enough could be said about the greatness of this film.  Watching it takes me back to my childhood.  A great plot that's easy to follow.  It's like an Indiana Jones movie, except a group of kids instead of Harrison  Ford.  By most, it's considered a &quot;kids&quot; movie, but I think it  can be enjoyed by all ages.  Anyone who has ever dreamed to take an  adventure, but hasn't had the oppurunity.  A MUST SEE!!!  SLOTH LOVE  CHUNK!!!
6305313687|5.0|I was not sure tu buy this DVD, but i'm GLAD I DID. Sure all those svastikas are pretty heavy to watch, but the message of the movie is really really GREAT.
6300185249|5.0|How funny is the scene when Tom Hanks sinks into the floor?  &quot;For a minute, I thought the Care Bears were here!!&quot;  Anyone who likes this movie remembers that line as well as the hundreds of other funny lines and  scenes.  A must see for Tom Hanks fans.  If you liked this, also see 'The  Burbs' and 'Big.'  Both classic Tom Hanks comedies.
0451526295|5.0|I couldn't put it down! I wanted to know what was to become of Fanny. Much to my surprise, I thought one way, but of her outcome was but a happy surprise to me in the end. Adultery we know was not a typical theme to Jane  Austen, however it is real life as we all know it to be. Who knows perhaps  she herself experienced in her life in one way or another!!
B000002J09|5.0|I have listened to this CD over and over again for the last year. At first I was skeptical. Now even listening for the millionth time, I am awestruck. Black Dog is pompous, sexual and in-your-face rock which can't be denied.  Rock &amp; Roll can be described as Zeppelin doing 50s rock their own way.  Battle of Evermore takes you to a fantasy land with beautiful mandolin  playing. Misty Mountain Hop of OK. Four Sticks can best be described as a  showcase for John Bonham. Going To California is a beautiful ballad that  really shows of Zeppelin's versatility and shows that acoustic is good.  When The Levee Breaks is downright awesome. Have I left out something here?  Oops, I guess I forget the perfect rock song, &quot;Stairway To  Heaven&quot;. What can I say? Everytime I listen to it, I am awestruck by  the perfection of the playing, the profoundous of the lyrics and the way  it's all put together. Frankly, Stairay IS the greatest rock song. I would  put it up there with the greatest songs ever along with Hey Jude, Nights in  White Satin, Bohemian Rhapsody, Dust in The Wind.
B0000039QA|5.0|Top to bottom, a great albu
B00000IO4I|5.0|I just recently viewed this film on video.  I rented it mostly for Ewan McGregor, since he is a favorite of mine right now, but I was delighted by the whole movie.  Michael Caine was great, as was Jane Horracks (I couldn't  believe that was her real voice!).  All in all, a great feel-good movie  that I will definately be purchasing once the price dips below the initial  rental rate.
B000002B1M|5.0|Awesome CD...all the makings of a classi
0446364495|1.0|I had to read this book in school. After the first chapter I could tell that I would not enjoy this novel.  The characters were not realistic.  This was especially true of Francesca's children who seemed totally ok with  the fact that Francesca cheated on her husband.  Some people say that they  were moved by this novel, I was not.  All the pseudo-romantic babble  (Cowboy, Falcon) made me feel ill.  Not because it failed to move me, but  because some people actually like it and think that this is good stuff.
0688170528|5.0|I picked this book up on a whim and am glad fate hooked me up with one of the best books I've read in ages. The character development is great, the relationships between and among the main cast are elucidated quite well,  and best of all, the book made me really want to explore how I would have  reacted in each of the characters roles.<br />My husband never reads the same  stuff I do, but I even hooked him on the book too (the courtroom drama was  the initial sell).<br />Neither he, nor I, could put the book down, and within  a week, I  had read this book, as well as two others by the author. Read  this book - you'll be glad you did!
6305358613|5.0|This movie will thrill your senses with color and costumes that take you back in time.  The story will grab you and capture a feeling from deep inside that keeps you watching.  I watched this movie 3 times and will  continue to watch it over and over.
0871137380|5.0|This is an incredible account worthy of the amazing men it chronicals. I wish that every voting-age American would read this book. I really appreciated the way Bowden went the extra mile in detailing his sources and  research methods, including other writings on the subject.  Wake up America  - this is a look at the future of the squandering of military power on  feel-good conflicts rather the defense of the US and its interests by  bumbling politicians.
0788811355|5.0|The English Patient has won 9 Awards. That's as many as The Last Emperor won.  I could just never get enough of seeing it. This movie tells a tale, and a fact. Juliet Binoche's solid acting has never been as good as this  before. Once you've seen this movie, it'll move you. And if you ever see a  movie that wins 9 awards, you'll just want more and more!
B000003AEB|5.0|A true GFunk classic and a must-have
068484267X|1.0|Maudlin tripe, not worth the time or effort to read
B0000042MY|5.0|I bought this soundtrack immediately after seeing the movie and listened to it hundreds of times.  It captures heroism, romance, and something I can't describe -- but it's fantastic.  Over the course of several moves, I  somehow managed to lose the CD.  But I watched the movie again the other  day and was humming the soundtrack non-stop for the next two days.  That  did it -- I'm buying a new copy.  Maybe two... I want to give one to a  friend as well.
0871137380|5.0|The &quot;play by play&quot; accounts and real dialog make this a terrifing account of real combat.  At once I wanted to be a Ranger or a &quot;D-boy&quot; and just as quickly, I was really glad to be in my living  room!  I found it a little disconcerting that the &quot;D-boys&quot; really  taught the Rangers a lot that I felt they probably should have known.  The  Rangers really weren't as elite as I thought they were (but they still did  a damn fine job). If we can get real special effects like in S.P.Ryan, this  movie could be incredible. Hey, by the way, are the &quot;sammies&quot;  nuts?  I couldn't believe thier casualty rate and thier tactics.
0783211856|5.0|Schindler's List is an excellent movie, even though it is sad.  Steven Speilsberg has done such a great job directing this movie. This movie is worth 5 stars, and it is emotinally for other people. But the journey is  incredible.  And the movie has a happy ending.  I say it's the best movie  of 1993.  7 Oscars to this movie will refer people that it's remarkable!
B00000163G|5.0|Great album...a must-have
B000002H72|5.0|Look, what more can I say about the Pixies?  Doolittle was the first album I heard from the band, and it changed the way I listen to music forever.  This is truly an unbelievable album that I don't think anything can ever  surpass it.  Don't just read the dazzling reviews, go and do yourself a  favour and discover it.  Absolutely amazing.
0375707972|4.0|When I first started reading this, I thought, &quot;Oh My&quot; But the more I read, the more gripped I was.  This book is one that I could not put down until the end...
6300184269|5.0|I have over 700 movies in my video library, and this is the 3rd copy of this movie that I have purchased...the first two needed replaced from excessive playback and furious rewinding of the many scenes that leave you  HOWLING with laughter!!  Mitchell-Smith (Wyatt) can't even contain himself  while delivering his lines and is on the verge of hysterical laughter in  nearly every scene he is in...For over ten years, my sister and I have  delivered one-liners from this movie to each other and the resultant  giggles have been worth every dollar I have spent in keeping a fresh copy  of this wonderful movie on my shelf for all these years.  A MUST-SEE!!!!!   (Even if you've never &quot;dropped wolf-bait or floated an air-biscuit in  the bathroom when there's chicks outside&quot;!!)
0792140923|5.0|Forrest Gump deserved to win &quot;Best Picture of 1994.&quot; Tom Hanks acting has made this movie real popular for everyone to watch. It just goes to show that learning disabled don't have to be treated like dirt.   When  the crutches came off, it was like magic. I even liked the part of 70's.    And life is like a box of chocolates.  You'll never know what you'll get,  especially in your lifetime.
B000001Y16|5.0|Awesome.  Highly recommended
B00000JCB2|5.0|I heard this CD and it shocked me, where is the old Limp? Does it really matter? This CD is just as good , if not better than the first. Every band changes and grows and wants to do more. They still are true to their roots  but do things a little different. I think their fan base will open up with  this CD. This is a great CD, a must for Limp fans and a should get for  music fans.
B000002J09|5.0|I don't understand that guy that compared LED ZEPPELIN to the Beatles. The Beatles rock but they are nothing like LED ZEPPELIN. THE BEATLES don't have the guitars that ZEPPELIN does.
0385493800|5.0|I am only half way through the book because I can only read it between working hours, but I can not wait to get started again. Everyone is selling it too short. It is a book that will keep you turning the page (there are  not many that keep my attention). A &quot;must read&quot; book!
6302860253|2.0|Migenes and Domingo play wonderfully, but this production of Carmen leaves much to be desired or, equally, much with which to become plain irritated or disgusted.<br />The sound effects, camera angles, dialogue (that is  certainly NOT from the original production.. nor an attempt to bring back  the dialogue from Bizet's original production at the Opera Comique) seems  very much out of place for any opera fan. In other words, this is NOT a  production of the original, which took place in 1875, having had the  recitatives added later.... but sort of a Hollywood-esque  mish-mash.<br />There are, however, some wonderfully inspired scenes and the  vocal performances are top-notch. <br />I would NOT recommend this video to  anyone who is building a library of operatic performances and seeking the  &quot;on- stage&quot; reality... But for a newcommer to opera, this may  well be an exciting adventure, given that it plays out more like a movie  than an operatic opus. (Opera aficienados beware! There are MANY edits to  the Bizet score!)
1558908358|5.0|My original review (for the other DVD release of this movie, and I'm glad so many of you found it helpful) pleaded for Disney to get its act together and release a version more in tune with the LaserDisc which was awesome. Instead they had released a really bad version at a very high price. Finally, with the 20th Anniversary edition, they got their act together and boy did they.<br />I had waited years to watch Tron in widescreen again (not having had the pleasure of watching the famed LaserDisc version). and the previous DVD was a disappointment in so many ways. I mean, Tron is one of the best movies of all time, a true classic in every sense of the word. It is the first film to use Computer Animation and Graphics, EVER. The story is interesting and explores some very interesting concepts both philosofical and otherwise. The acting is not bad if at times some parts may be a bit cheesy but still excellent. The story is less than perfect but incredibly enjoyable and in many ways (certainly not all of them and certainly not the deleted scene) has stood the test of time.<br />This DVD is what all of us have waited for, a historically improtant film in all its glory filled with awesome features we had been waiting so many years to see again or for the first time. I highly recommend buying this 20th Anniversary edition, it is not only a CG classic and true ground breaking (setting) film, but a highly enjoyable one to boot. Did I mention it was finally worth its price?<br />Enjoy.
6305358613|5.0|This motion picture is first-rate at every level. It gives one a glimpse of what Elizabeth's early live must have been like with a half-sister who wants to behead her through a lover who betrays her.  This movie lost by a  photo finish to Shakespeare in Love for the Academy Award as Best Picture  of the Year.  It will not disappoint history buffs and works as a drama  that makes history live.  This film is one of the best portrayals of  Elizabeth put on film.  I recommend it without qualification.
0783223161|5.0|Beleive it or not my &quot;mother&quot; and I watch this movie all the time! We watch a lot of movies together but we like to watch this together. I never thought much of it, but I now I realize how ironic it is! We  recemend it highly!
B000002UUX|5.0|BYU IT!!!if you even remotely like MEGADETH BUY IT... for all the posers who continue ripping Mustaine please, die, just drop dead, the day Hetfield is a better guitar player is the day I drop dead.
0780624890|5.0|This is absolutely the best DVD I've seen (and I've seen many), providing the best transfer, sound, features, etc. Truly a great value for the money, and on top of that, you have an awesome movie to match it. This movie  rocks, big time. It has its flaws like all movies. The story is a bit  dragged out, especially towards the end, but it does not diminish the  overall quality and entertainment of the entire film. <br />YOU MUST BUY this  DVD. You will not be sorry. The features alone are more than worth the  price. At least rent it, you must see the difference. Trust me, after  seeing this DVD, you will measure all others by it. It really is that good.  You'll love the film too. Finally, Marvel Comics did something right when  it comes to films. Hopefully, they'll do it this good with SpiderMan or the  X-men which are coming soon (We might get lucky, James Cameron is  interested in doing SpiderMan).
0374172897|5.0|Scenes from Cunningham's earlier A Home at the End of the World are still seared on my memory, years after reading it.  Reading The Hours was an experience all too rare.  While I was wrapping my mind around every  perfectly chosen word and structured sentence, I wasn't immediately aware  that the events unfolding would really affect me all that much.  The fact  is that I felt deeply moved upon completion. That feeling of having changed  my perspective in the world, of achieving a real epiphany, keeps rolling  over me like slow lazy waves washing onto the shore of a beach.  WOW!  Read  this and understand what really great writing is all about.
0783216084|5.0|Suspence doesen't get much unbearable. The productions main problem (Bruce the shark) turns into Spielberg's most valuble asset. Making the audience wonder what lurks under the water until the incredible ending. The  widescreen edition is now available and is much better, not to mention its  THX digitally mastered, which makes an incredible difference!
B000002KXV|5.0|Background music, listening music, or driving music -- this album fits just about every need.  After so many listenings, I now usually click past track one (IGY) to get to the goods.  I love New Frontier.  Thank you.
6305342776|4.0|The Black Hole is a true classic. The soundtrack is one of the best of any movie, proper to the tone and scope of the subject matter in every way (if only it was available on CD). The designs of the ship and all the elements  was excellent and still look great. The movie is a bit cokey and cheesy,  but it was meant to appeal to children making this forgivable. It doesn't  take away too much from the entertaining value for adults. If you've never  seen this film in widescreen, or at all, then go out and buy it. If you  only saw the poor rental video verions, then go out and buy it. BUT  WAIT...<br />You must know that the DVD version has many things that suck.  Disney seems to have decided that their classics should be released in this  new format and since they're in financial trouble that they should charge  more for it than other companies' DVDs, but not run the expense of adding  anything extra to it to make the value worthwile. The movie looks brand  new, YES, but that's it. You may as well be watching the VHS widescreen  collector's edition which just came out as well and also looks brand new.  There are NO features except for a crappy version of the trailer. You'd  expect a kids film to be in many languages to have the broadest appeal  (especially for the expensive price), but NO. Think about the VHS  widescreen edition, if not, then buy it at Amazon, where it is cheaper.  Compare it to other DVD's you own, and let Disney know about it.<br />In  conclusion, though, I must be fair to this movie in the sense that it is  awesome. Enjoyable for people of all ages. You'll especially love the  soundtrack, and the ship design doesn't look dated. Even the old effects  look better than some &quot;modern&quot; CGI effects. Take a look, you  won't be disappointed.
6305428298|4.0|Everyone in this movie delivers a great performance.  Sometimes, though, the heavy British accents are difficult to understand, and the ending is slightly cheesy.  However, as a whole the movie is charming and should be  in everybody's video library.
0783221487|4.0|Its funny that there was one person here that said it was too bad 4 you cause you couldn't get the long version. The long version is shown on the Disney Channel every few months, and the truth is, that it sucks. For those  big Dune fans, it has some cool extra footage such as the making of the  spice milange, how they measured people by their weight in water and how  the fremin processed the dead, and a scene with Gurney playing the  instrument he was packing for the voyage in the original but you never saw  again. Apart from those little things, I must mention that those scenes are  unfinished with none of the blue eyes effects added; hey they even missed  some scenes in the original, you can imagine how bad it is in this version.  Also, and what truly makes this version horrible, is that you get to see  the movie twice: It begins with a crappy slide show of paintings with a  horrible guys voice as the voiceover going over the entire story of the  movie, maybe explaining it just a tad more but really badly, and then you  enter the movie itself which is excellent, but it seems badly cut and  unfinished. This is the reason why David Lynch disowned that version of the  movie, and it doesn't even appear as if he directed it (his name's not on  it).So it's good that the general release of the movie is the original  David Lynch release (With the pleasant Virginia Madsen voice overs. It is  her character in the book that chronicles the story anyway, so it is as it  should be).<br /> About this release: The original movie is both bad and  excellent at the same time. Siskel and Ebert put it in their top ten worst  films of all time, but they also gave two thumbs up to Speed 2, making  their credibility rating fall to crap. The book is obviously superior and  no movie could ever match such a good book. But it is also written in a  manner that could confuse the general public and the story is very  convoluted in many respects. IMHO David Lynch made a film based on Dune as  clear and with as good imagery as could be done for the time. <br /> This  movie is excellent on so many levels it baffles the brain when it shows  something crappy. The design (apart from the harkonnen ships) is stunning  and trascends time, looking up to date even today. The acting is mostly  excellent with a strange mixture of award winning actors. The directing is  more than up to David Lynch's strange standards (which I find excellent).  The effects are better than some modern CG effects in many respects and  many scenes except for some of the crappy Harkonnen scenes (especially  their ships). Remember that this film came out in 1984 and at the time this  was close to state of the art. TRON came out in 1982 and was the first film  to use CG, but the budget for it was ridiculous and the effects very  limited (although Disney did an excellent job with that one). <br /> In  conclusion, Dune is an excellent sci-fi classic. If you don't like sci-fi,  you might still like its strangeness. If you love sci-fi, then you didn't  need to read this review to know how excellent this film is and that you  can't have a true sci-fi film collection without it.
0871137380|5.0|An incredible event that really took place !! Very well written bringing in the perspective of so many individuals to give well developed understanding of the event.   I'm not a reader of war stories but I found  this one truly amazing.  I couldn't put it down.  The author has done a  wonderful job of pulling all of the individual accounts into one complete  story.
B00000J8EK|5.0|The first time I heard this, I thought, &quot;this is really cool and original sounding&quot;, but on about the third listen I realized- this is the first album ive heard that seems to actually CARE about the  listener...somehow listening to this cd makes you feel confident and strong  and just plain good.  I think this cd was made with the listener's feelings  in mind...I can't really explain it, youll have to hear it for yourself.
068815333X|5.0|I LOVE reading Dennis Lehane's novels, and I love his main characters: Patrick, Angie, &amp; Bubba. I feel like I know them now, and I also feel like I can count on Lehane to be authentic to their characaters, through  action and dialogue and interaction. The main characters are flawed, but  good at the core, and strive to work for right. There's something I find  very satisfying in that basic goal. <br />When I first discovered Dennis  Lehane a few years ago when his third novel was published, I was hooked. I  immediately went back and read his first two. And since then I have been  waiting very impatiently for each new book. <br />What do I like best about  his books? His multi-faceted main characters, the way he exposes the dark  side of humankind while not burying us in it or leaving us feeling  hopeless, the snappy and witty dialogue of all characters, (especially  between Patrick &amp; Angie), and his creativity and inventiveness. His  descriptions have a way of making me feel like I really know the character  or the place or the feeling. Being from Massachusetts, I also enjoy having  a first-hand sense of place. And that he ventured off to Plymouth in this  novel was even better as I live only 15 minutes away from Plymouth. <br />I  just hope he gives us more of Angie &amp; Patrick &amp; Bubba. (Good to see  that Bubba is made more real and multi-dimensional in this book.) They are  great characters, and the stories always make me think. Thanks, Dennis.
0792840461|5.0|The movie even though it is dated with fashion was a great script with very little dialogue. The main feature was the story of a man who has everything and finds a way to break-out of his routine and live life at the  edge.  Very brillant and fast moving with a surprise ending!
B000001Y2U|5.0|I barely have to make my point so many kids on here have done it for me... The image of Marilyn Manson was concocted by Brian Warner to &quot;return to the 80's type rock star.&quot; (From an interview) That he does in  spades...no musician has stirred up more (free) publicity since the 70's  shock rock king Alice Cooper.  (I have often said Manson is the Alice for  the 90's...just takes more to shock people these days.) He has often said  his music is intended to be a mirror of society, to make people WAKE UP and  see what our world is fast becoming...<br />With that said, this album has  long been one of my favorites.  You will be hard pressed to find better  rhythms (they are almost hypnotic) and Manson's voice is one of the few in  the industry that doesn't sound like 300 other voices out there.  He has  the kind of voice that will draw you in...like it or not!  This album is a  story of angst and emptiness, journeying from tramatic childhood to the  broken dreams of superstardom.  Is it the story of his life?  Who knows.   It IS a must listen for anyone who loves dark sounds and the slightly  bizarre.  Just don't buy into that image too much.  :)
0671027344|3.0|this book had it's flaws, but it was all around entertaining. I would defiantly say that this book isn't for everyone... I personally liked the end because it bestows a sense that makes you want to understand and learn  more about yourself, but parts of the books tried to be too much  teenagerish. But I must say that this in no way compares to A CATCHER IN  THE RYE
B00000JCB2|5.0|Let me say first off, my favorite artist is Tori Amos. So liking this cd is the biggest shock I've had in ages. Damn near perfect...like RATM if they hadn't gone all weird lately, but way better. I don't have the first  album, and really, two days ago, you couldn't have paid me to listen to  it....but now..DAMN!
B000002KBH|5.0|The lyrics from the songs in this album stand alone as stirring works of art.  The music, if not accompanied by singing, would also be very moving.  Combined in this album, the songs strike a chord in my spirit that not many  other things can.  This album represents a large section of my soul.  It  also rocks.
B000002NJS|1.0|Whenever Madonna's in trouble she usually calls Patrick Leonard in for the rescue. Unfortunately this time not even Pat can help Madonna save face. Never has blending pop with techno elements been more mundane. ROL is  neither cutting edge nor radio friendly. The only decent songs are the ones  with five or more songwriters. Those being ROL and DW. <br />Whoever said they  have never heard emotional techno should check out the FAR superior  PORTISHEAD a true techno act. And one that has been producing emotional  music long before Madonna tried to take credit for it.
6300184080|5.0|This is one of the few films that celebrate the human spirit and humanity as a whole.  The extraordinary courage of Rocky to lead a normal life when death stares him in the face is amazing.  And the fact that this is a true  story makes it all the more appealing.
0684867621|4.0|Read this in two sittings.  A well written suspenseful journey into the mind of a young girl lost and alone.  The more vivid your imagination-the more you'll like this book.  As is so typical with Stephen King, everyone  &quot;sees&quot; a different monster or horror.  This is fast paced enough  to keep you on the edge.  A good read!
6305358613|2.0|Shakespeare in Love, a comparable but much better film, had the advantage of being fiction. Elizabeth I was a real person, and despite the impressiveness of the visuals and the attractive (if occasionally strange)  cinematography, at the end of the day what was going to keep me interested  in this film was an authentic presentation of Elizabeth - and this is where  the film failed for me. I just didn't buy Elizabeth's transition from  &quot;sensitive twenty-somthing&quot; to tough-as-nails queen. Having grown  up in the court of Henry VIII, watched her mother beheaded, and been  imprisoned in the Tower of London, I find it much more likely she was  simply tough from the beginning, and the film gave me no reason to believe  otherwise. In the BBC presentation, upon Elizabeth's recieving news of her  half-sister's death, she has one of the famous quotes attributed to her:  &quot;I may not be a lion, but I am a lion's cub and I have a lion's  heart&quot;. Even if the quote is apocraphyl (which I suppose is likely), I  find it a much more plausible presentation of a young, confidant and   self-assured Queen than this touchy-feely 90's Elizabeth.<br />Perhaps the  real problem here is that we are given no reason to believe her character.  We are given none of Elizabeth I's background or history. We don't know why  she is the way she is at the beginning, or why (really) she transitions to  the character she is at the end. For a characer study, we are given  remarkably little insight into her character. We are simply asked to buy  it, watching the Queen go from point A to point B without adequatly  supplied rationale for where point A was or why the trip is made. We just  look out the window.<br />However, If you can get past all this, there is a  lot to like in this movie. The performances are excellent and the costumes  and period presentation are first-rate. As either history or a character  study, though, I'll have to pass.
B000002UAX|5.0|I'm only 18 and I am probably the biggest Beatle's fan that ever lived, so saying that only &quot;old farts&quot; defend this album is untrue.  Although I enjoy listening to the Who, the Doors, Jimi Hendrix, Pink Floyd,  Led Zepplin, the Stones, Dylan, Nirvana and Metallica, none of them even  hold a candle up to the Beatles.  This is one of my favorite CDs, so buy it  if you want to laugh, cry and try to find hidden meanings (that probably  aren't even there).  This album made big impressions on everyone, and the  fact that all these people are arguing over it proves it!
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have always been a huge fan of Sarah McLachlan,  but when I received her &quot;Mirrorball&quot; CD in the mail from Amazon, I had to listen to it right then and there!  It is the best CD I have ever heard!!  It just makes  me more of a fan of Sarah's!!  I feel as if I'm right there in the concert  listening to the songs in person!!!
0784010188|5.0|I am generally critical of most movies I watch - making it a seldom occurrence to find a movie that I truly enjoy. T2 had a good balance of story and special effects with an excellent sound track for mood  supplemental. Arnold's natural speech and demeanor makes him the perfect  terminator, not to mention Linda Hamilton is now on my list of girls who  kick ass (action).
B000009QPE|5.0|The best album of all time. Any group, any genre. Sinatra, the Beatles and Stones, and even the mighty Zep take a back seat to this all time masterpiece.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana's new CD, Supernatural, is one of the best I have heard this year. Jamming on songs with the likes of Lauren Hill, Rob Thomas, Wyclef, and most importantly Dave Matthews. For anyone who has seen these two play in  concert togather, you know haow amazing they can be, and that alone makes  the CD worth buying.
0553573403|5.0|This is by far the best fantasy book i have ever read. From chap1 when the Others slayed the Night Watch brother, chap 2 the finding of the direwolves, this book grips you and won't let go. It is not like other  fantasy book which starts very slowly and only peaks up at the last few  chapters. The characters development is really good, the heroes are not  perfect neither are the bad guys without any good points for e.g. Jaime  Lannister's men will gladly die for him and even Tywin Lannister, for all  his avarice, he is really  a cool and excellent strategist. I love the  intrigue, suspense and politics that are developed by George Martin  especially when the seemingly evil guy may be the good guy and the helpful  guy is actually the viper.  Lord Eddard Stark is too honourable, too  orthodox, he cannot play the Game of Throne (contrast with Tyrion In the  Clash of Kings).<br />Finally, i think some of the readers comments about the  book being too violent and sexual is not  justified ! The sex scenes are  not explicit and it made the book realistic while the violence mostly are  done by the Dothrakis (who seemed to be modelled after Gengkhis Khan and  the mongols). Again, it made the book more realistic and the violence part  is again not explicit at all. Great book, wonderful stuffs !!!!
B000002L9J|5.0|This album is the greatest achievement of one of the greatest rock bands ever. There is something magic about the Smiths, and I am saying this not as a worshipping fan (since I am not one). Maybe it's the uplifting guitar  work, maybe the voice and the lyrics, or maybe the contrast between the  two. There is the fine irony and musical understatement that pervades  Smiths work--I don't know where the magic is. But I recommend a close  listening to those who still look for high-quality, non-perishable,  estrogen-free music.
0812931017|5.0|You may be surprised to find out that at one point Richard Branson was academically at  the bottom of his class in every subject in school, but at least he really excelled in sports and was very competitive.      There are  important lessons on prudent risk taking and having fun in business.
B000002LBH|5.0|After 10 years of continued listening to Smiths' music, I still can't get enough of it.
0451526384|5.0|This story is heart-wrenchingly agonising.  This is a good thing!  Never have I been so moved by a love story.  When Anne and Captain Wentworth finally overcome their own guardedness and the pressures of society and  re-declare their love for each other...... It is the most wonderful scene  ever written.  I have never read a more wonderful love story.  I think this  to be the most romantic of Jane Austen's novels.  The mercenary marriage  market Jane Austen ridicules in &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; is  portrayed in a darker and more destructive light in &quot;Persuasion&quot;.   Two lovers torn apart by a society fixated on class, wealth and position,  only able to find happiness together once this obstacle has been overcome,  but in the mean time..... OH THE HEART ACHE!!!!!  I recommend this one for  a rainy day when one can lie in bed, or sit in the favourite arm-chair, and  wallow in the brilliance of this timeless and heart stirring romance.   Don't forget your tissues!
B00000JCB2|4.0|I was never a big Limp Bizkit fan until I heard &quot;Nookie&quot; and I liked the song so much I bought the album.  Fred Durst can actually sing and the guitar riffs on this disc are amazing.  For a sophomore album I am  definetly impressed.  The Intro and Outro have a really cool beat and the  words are pretty funny also.  Even if you aren't a big hard rock fan,  you'll probably like this cd so buy it.
0140434259|5.0|Did anyone else feel a distinct sense of disappointment at the revelation of the mercenary, materialistic nature of the otherwise handsome and dashing Mr Willoughby's character?  However, I think Marianne's heart-break  was eased by the stead-fast and loving Colonel Brandon.  I love this novel.  I had been forever avoiding experiencing any other Jane Austen novels for  fear they would not live up to the high expectations created by the  fabulous &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot;, however, when hearing of the  imminent arrival of the fabulous Emma Thompson's adapted version at local  cinemas, I decided to take the chance and read this book.  I'm glad I did!  This is another Austen gem.  Elinor and Marianne are wonderful characters,  as are all the others.  If you are like I was and are afraid of spoiling  your first Austen experience with another, don't be.  &quot;Sense and  Sensibility&quot; is another Austen triumph.  Marriage, society and class  are again given a unique Austen work over!
B00000IREA|5.0|Coopy, coopy, gaa...utaa gammi wamee... As sweet as sonia...As sweet as sonia...
B00000I01A|1.0|awsome,all around great song
B000001F29|5.0|Listen to The Friends of Mr Cairo's title track and be instantly transported to and old theater where black and white thillers entertain the ages. Easily the best track on the album.
B000002OX7|5.0|47 of 48 prior reviews rate Who' Next a &quot;5.&quot;  (The other was a 4.)  No other album I've seen reviewed on Amazon.com attains this sort of unanimity -- not Dark Side, not Abbey Road, Revolver, or the White Album,  nor any Stones album.<br />I agree with everybody else.
630518299X|1.0|This is the most self indulgent movie Hollywood has ever produced.  What is so original about this concept?  It strikes me as something that was done by Rod Serling over 30 years ago.<br />I can't believe that people are so  enthralled with a movie that is predictable, boring and not very well  acted.
B00000ILDE|5.0|&quot;Aliens&quot; is a fantastic action movie.  Cameron knows how to do action movies and this one only worked to build up his now well known reputation.  The extra scene add so much to this movie.  The DVD has let me  enjoy &quot;Aliens&quot; again.  A must have for any Sci-Fi/Action fans.
0790737345|5.0|Need a standard format on this dvd.  Do no like the wide-screen format.  Who wants to look at half the screen, especially when you have a normal size tv.  Am very disappointed that most of the dvd's do not have both  formats.
6301773551|5.0|This is the second best movie of all time, only topped by its sequel, Empire!  The effects are amazing even today and the models they used show so much more detail than most of the crap out now.  The title of this  piece, however, refers not to the movie, but the fact that people reading  these reviews don't care about the people who gave this movie less than 5  stars.  I admit, I only read the ones that are less than 5 stars, but this  is only to see the idiocy of the comments.  &quot;Ooooh, Star Wars is so  childish, blah, blah.&quot;  We have a word for you  &quot;sophisticated&quot; people: agents.  Oh wait, The Matrix is also not  intelligent enough, so this allusion is way over your heads.  STAR WARS  RULES!  Sorry, &quot;smart&quot; people; this time you're just flat out  WRONG!
B00000DHRZ|2.0|their used to be a cool punk band called the offspring now they just suck they sound like a pop band greenday also theyve gone soft but atleast not pop like the offspring have i am looking for new punk bands if u like old  offspring  try pennywise they just came out with a new cd but their was a  few good songs americana the kids arent alright the end of the line have  you ever and pay the man the rest suck
B0000035GN|5.0|A respected friend gave this to me a few years ago and hasn't left my side through all my travels. Lou Barlow is a musical genius. This cd is a must have for any music lover who craves something out of the ordinarily boring  music that is dished out by ever-hyped-up radio and tv channels. Bakesale  is THE Sebadoh album to buy. If you like it, buy the rest. I guarantee  you'll end up with the whole collection!
B00000IQW0|3.0|I remember seeing this (about age 8) and everyone saying &quot;not as good as Star Wars&quot;.  Being the contrary little git I was, I always thought this was better.  The TV series soon flattened my interest but I've always  had fond memories - probably aided my my collection of the Mattel toys that  I adored (okay, so the red missiles didn't actually detach and shoot off,  but it was good to pretend that I was pretending to shoot a laser in the  form of an impotent red missile!).<br />This is a serious trip down nostalgia  lane - I've had a number of friends goind &quot;oh, wow!&quot; when seeing  this DVD on my shelves, but I always convinced them we'd be better off with  something else for viewing that night.<br />I had a &quot;private&quot;  viewing over a couple of weekend afternoons and fully realised that the  vague recollections to my youth of 21 years ago were most serioulsy rose  tinted.  I'm glad this is now in my collection, but then I tend to collect  any old sh*t!<br />Only serious fans need apply - you can't quite see the  wires and glue on the models, but you know they're there!<br />No extras on  the DVD to speak of and the mono sound is pretty dire.  The Last  Starfighter, released same time by Universal in one of their lovely Special  Edition formats, offers much better bang for your bucks (though the picture  is a little speckled and noticebly washed-out).<br />I believe Richard Hatch  (Apollo) is still trying to get a Battlestar remake off the ground (the  studios have their own plans, strangely not involving him!?!).  Seeing this  again, you really can believe that guy's a fanatic!
6305358613|4.0|A number of those reviewers who have negative opinions about Elizabeth complain about historical innacuracy, calling the film just another attempt by Hollywood to ignore the facts and pander to the audience. I'm unsure how  these same reviewers deal with Shakespeare. In his histories -- Richard II,  Henry IV parts 1 and 2, Henry V, Henry 6 (three parts), Richard III, etc.,  Shakespeare changes events for dramatic purpose. He tries to capture the  overall sweep of events and examine the important issues, while telling a  good story. At the same time, he moves events around, changes the ages of  characters, compresses things in time -- in short, all the same things that  the makers of Elizabeth did.<br /> Elizabeth is a fine film, capturing the  feel of the time, and getting the overall issues right, even if it changes  the details. The performances are wonderful and the production lavish. Its  main flaw is the last 20 minutes too much resemble the Godfather, which is  why I give it 4 stars instead of 5.
B00000JCB2|5.0|At least IMODO, this is the style LB has been waiting to discover. If, like me, you liked Fred Durst in &quot;All in the Family&quot; on the new KoRn album, then this is the cd of the year. Very heavy on the hip-hop  sound, while still maintaining the kick-@** riffs and the heavy guitar that  makes you want to &quot;break stuff.&quot; I've owned this cd all of 24  hours, and I've listened to it at least 5 times over.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Wow!  I simply love this CD!  Diana has a real intimate singing style and really knows how to personalize a song.  Judging by the many reviews of this CD, people either love her or hate her. And to me, that's the sign of  an artist that's really hit it big.  It seems that all great artist evoke  strong feelings from people one way or another.  What makes Diana more than  just a pretty face?  It's really just as simple as her ability to  personalize her songs in an intimate fashion that makes many listeners feel  that she's singing just for them.  All the greats have this same quality.  And with singers; either you have it or you don't. And Diana definately has  it!<br />How does it rate with her other Cd's?  I like it the best for sheer  enjoyment.  The song selections are great as are the arrangements. But for  those piano fans among you, The Nat Cole tribute CD would be the best.  I'm  a fan of the voice, primarily, and I find her vocals on this CD to be the  most intimate and personal yet.  After all, what makes a vocalist great?   His or her ability to connect with an audience.  And believe me, Diana  Krall is making more connections all the time.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is one of the best albums I've ever heard. Beautiful
B000002UAO|5.0|What can I say?  I just love this album. As a member of a post-Beatles generation, I grew up singing all their hits, but never really thinking about them as musicians. They were just there, and mainly as songwriters,  not performers....then a year or so back, while aimlessly CD shopping I  somehow came to the bizarre decision to buy 'Revolver' rather than the  album of the week.  I took it home and played it - and was hooked.  Over  the next week I bought three more Beatles albums, and I now have nearly the  complete set.  But this is the one I always play first.  And last.<br />I love  the hits (Drive my Car is way funky..I simply don't know anyone who  disagrees!), but what really blew me away when I started listening to this  was the songs I didn't know! 'Think for yourself' (even now I can hardly  get through playing the CD without stopping whatever I'm doing, putting  that track back on, turning up the volume, and jumping about) and 'The  Word' (which I admit may not be to everyone's taste, but which rocks my  world... it's like the Beatles doing a cover of the Monkees-- sweet!)are my  two favourite tracks.<br />This is the 'turning point' album in the Beatles'  recording career... a kind of stoichiometric marker.  Early Beatles' albums  are under the influence of insufficient drugs (or the wrong ones). And I  don't care what anyone says, I think later Beatles' albums suffer from just  a little too much in the way of pharmecutical enhancement. But with 'Rubber  Soul' the verdict from this here Goldilocks is &quot;just  right&quot;.<br />Bliss.
B000002UV1|1.0|This is the worst of all the Red Hot Chili Peppers recordings. What Happened?
B00000J7JO|5.0|With all the comerciallized bands and sell-out singers that have been appering this year it's good to see that the Peppers are still beyond all that crap,they don't need all the promotion and support of empty words and  comercials.This album is softer than previous Pepper's albums but it's  still a master piece...This is defenetly a must buy!!!! get it NOW!!!!
B00000F1D3|5.0|After I first heard the single &quot;Believe&quot; I felt great and really glad for Cher. I had to run out and get the CD [very unlike me, I don't do things like that]. I listened to it in the car and each cut was as good as  the last. I drove back home the [real] long way and played it twice. I  believe that Cher is back better than ever. Her voice sounds strong and  confident. She looks incredible for the first time in years, strong,  healthy, fit, and most of all happy again after the tadgedy. I love every  song on the CD, they, each in their own way, inspire me. I believe this CD  gives all us 50+ yr. old babes inspiration to become stronger and more  confident as never before. Thanks Cher......you are, as the kids  say......&quot;Da Bomb&quot;
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit's new album, Signifigant other is an awesome CD. Its still not as good as Three Dollar Bill Y'all$ but it is still great. It is a little less hardcore than Three Dollar Bill Y'all. After listening to the album  once, my favorite songs are Nookie, Break Stuff, and No Sex
068484267X|5.0|This story is very insightful as to what it was like growing up in proverty in Ireland.  It is sad but a testiment to the human spirit.  Can't wait till 'Tis comes out in September!
B000000W5F|5.0|Side two of this record is the stones at their finest...
B000000993|5.0|when i first heard of tool, i always changed the radio station when it came on.  but if it wasnt for being really board and the great timing the station had, i wouldnt have heard stinkfist (aenima).  and now undertow..   if it were possible i'd give tool 10 stars.  but i'm not allowed so i'll  stick with the measly five..<br />bottom line though,  tool is one of the  greatest hard and heavy bands around to date.  if you love heavy music tied  with dark meaningful lyrics that make you think, my friend, you will love  tool...
B000001XN2|5.0|This live performance from the 1962 Salzburg Festival was briefly available on DDG for a considerably higher price than this issue on the Gala label.  My advice is:  get this performance immediately.  Von Karajan  produces a performance of &quot;Trovatore&quot; that must be heard to be  believed.  It's as though the great conductor set fire to the orchestra and  told them to &quot;give 'em all you've got&quot;.  And that's how it goes  in this performance.  Von Karajan has a cast of singers that may  collectively comprise the greatest &quot;Trovatore&quot; quartet ever  assembled.  Leontyne Price delivers a Callas-type of performance here,  involved, compelling, and highly dramatic.  She is in spectacular voice  here (better than on any of her three studio recordings of the role), and  adds an interpolated top C in the di Luna duet that pins the listener's  ears back.  Her arch of vocal sound is so beautiful that one can only feel  that &quot;it simply can't be better than this&quot;.  Franco Corelli,  posssibly thanks to von Karajan's discipline, delivers a Manrico far  superior to that which he produced for EMI two years later.  The voice is  clear, sunny, clarion, and remarkably free of any tenor vulgarisms.   Gulietta Simionato, who recorded Azucena twice (1956 on London with del  Monaco and Tebaldi and in 1964 on EMI withCorelli) surpasses both efforts  in this performance. Similarly, Ettore Bastianini is even better here than  he was on his 1956 London recording.  This was one of those evenings when  all of the principals were &quot;turned on&quot;, in their very best  respective voices, and the audience became the winner.  There are those who  still speak of this performance, and it's amazing that it should have been  recorded in decent sound, and made available to savor again.   &quot;Trovatore&quot; doesn't get better than this!
B000002G7G|5.0|I sometimes think the VU's best album is whichever one is playing at the time. But there's something in this one that's beyond the others. &quot;Jesus&quot; and &quot;Beginning to See the Light&quot; are some of  the only genuinely uplifting songs ever made by a rock-and-roll band. The  purity of &quot;Jesus&quot; and the exuberance of &quot;Beginning to See  the Light&quot; can really hit you in your soul.<br />Then, the neat thing is,  there are secular parallels to these more spiritual songs. For  &quot;Jesus&quot;, there's &quot;Pale Blue Eyes&quot;, a relationship song  with a sad-sounding chorus which ends up being charming and life-affirming.  For &quot;Beginning to See the Light&quot;, there's &quot;What Goes  On&quot;, an upbeat, almost-danceable song (also the most straight-up  rock-and-roll song the VU ever did).<br />The other two great songs are  &quot;Candy Says&quot; and &quot;After Hours&quot;. And &quot;Murder  Mystery&quot; has some enjoyable lyrics and insane piano playing. And  &quot;I'm Set Free&quot; is also very fine. And I could say some good  things about the rest of the songs, too.
B000005QKJ|5.0|In this stunning sequel to &quot;Alien&quot;,  Lt. Ripley  is unfrozen after a 57 year sleep.  An army force wants her to help them hunt down all the aliens on a planet called &quot;LV-426&quot;.  This is the first movie  in the &quot;Alien&quot; series  that we see the queen  who is creating all  the aliens.  This movie was directed by James Cameron  who also directed  &quot;The Terminator&quot;  and,&quot;Titanic&quot;.
B000001FQI|5.0|Although treading along the edge of an inevitable breakup, Roland and Curt piece together a brilliant and sophisticated collection of songs that will last T4F aficionados for the rest of our lives. Each song distinct from the  next are woven together fundamentally, creating what I consider to be an  almost perfect album.
B00000DG1R|4.0|I ask the above question because I don't necessarily believe that the most popular songs are those that best represent the band. It's a wonderful CD that spans almost 20 years of Duran Duran's evolving, diverse work. But,  Duran Duran themselves did not have much energy poured into this CD, it's  EMI's last chance at marketing Duran Duran since they were leaving the  label. Also, they cut up many songs to fit them on the CD, I can't stand  that...they are radio edits. This is not a Duran Duran CD any more than  it's an EMI compilation CD. But I have to admit the cover artwork is  probably the best on any of their CDs. Wow.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Was a wonderful CD...especially the title track Eden.  With a little remix magic, could be a nice dance song
6305364648|5.0|If you liked True Lies on VHS in Pro-Logic, then you ABSOLUTLEY MUST HEAR it in DIGITAL...Most movies &quot;converted&quot; from Pro Logic to Digital tend to still sound like Pro Logic.  Not this one  the THX remaster is  OUTSTANDING...TO hear the difference for yourself just play the opening  action sequence in Pro Logic (audio track one) then watch it agian in  Digital (Audio track two).. You will be amazed...Have any friends who are  unsure about switching to DvD..Do that demonstration and they will be  convinced.... The THX labs should get an award for this one...
6305177473|5.0|I just loved this movie.  I have watched it at least 30 times.  Lindsay Lohan is on of the best actresses.  This movie is definitaly a 5 star.  The old Haylee Mills is pretty good, but the new disney one is a million times  better.  All of the charactors are just perfect for their parts.  I just  LOVE this movie!!!!!  I won't say anymore to ruin it, but I HIGHLY  recommend it.
0684867621|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  The plucky nine-year-old grabbed my attention from the first page and I found myself with my heart almost in my mouth several times as her peril gradually increased.  The creepy feeling of being watched and stalked was masterfully conveyed.  The development of  Trisha's character was brilliant, and I felt like I was drawn into the  woods with her, pulling for her all the way.  In typical King style, I  never felt her salvation was a given - there was nothing predictable about  the outcome (he did, after all, kill off the little boy in Cujo, so I never  took for granted that this child would survive!), and I couldn't put the  book down.  I'd recommend this book highly, especially if you're looking  for a fast, intense read.
6305177473|5.0|I love this movie.  Lindsay Lohan is a wonderful actress.  The movie is very creative and fun-loving!!!  I would highly  recommend this to anyone of all ages!!!!!
6303979882|5.0|This was a great film that I think I can keep in my mind forever.I love watching it beacause so many people I know had a life just like in the movie and it's great how friends can stand by each other forever untill the  end of time.Thats how it should be-never forget your friends even when  you've grown up to be a famous movie star,or a singer.
0425152251|1.0|A world history of philosophy that totally disregards any philosopher with no Graeco- Roman- White- European background? Hardly very convincing, but unfortunately not the only let-down about this neither particularly well-written nor interesting novel, that to me more closely resembles the  outcome of an amateur philosophy / novel writing weekend workshop than a  book with bestseller potential. A waste of time and money.
B000002JSN|5.0|This album includes &quot;In my time of Dying&quot; with Bonzo on Drum
B0000004V2|5.0|There's not a lot of CD like this. Maybe the best introducing song and closing song you can get in an album. John Squire is god. Reni is god. So perfect.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit used to be 3rd on my list behind Deftones and Korn.  Now they're way above korn.  Way.  This album is 5 times better than Korn's Life is Peachy and 20 times better than Follow the Leader.  It's awesome.   (but no one will ever knock deftones outta the number one spot.)
B000000W6X|2.0|This CD disappointed me because it's too soft and let's say commercial for me. I don't see the interest of covering Light my fire for Massive Attack when they can right something like Karmacoma. We're so far from the emotion  and sound of Blue lines!
B00000J8EK|5.0|I knew some of the Chem Brothers previous cuts, which were hott, but I never bought their album. This album is off the hook. Now I have to peep and purchase their previous work.
B000000WHX|5.0|I can't believe they wrote it in 92! This CD is a masterpiece. Every song is appealing and Unfinished sympathy is one of the best songs of the 90's. That's a shame they went so soft with Protection and so hard with Mezzanine  after this!
B000002V07|5.0|This CD is great for someone who wants to listen to something simple yet profound; someone &quot;soul searcing&quot;.  Great to listen to anytime of the day or night, with company or alone.  I highly reccommend listening to  this CD while burning some incense and candles!!      I really enjoyed this  CD--I have her other CD's--they are all great as well. If you like this CD,  you will enjoy them.
0684867621|4.0|I thought this book was quite interesting, and I was enthralled by Trisha's battle with the woods throughout. Unlike most (it seems), I enjoyed the ending. I recommend picking this up for a weekend read.
B000002AP1|5.0|Iggy and The Stooges were perhaps the most misunderstood rock band ever.  They were considered more freak show than musicians.  Raw Power proves doubters wrong.  I grew up listening to Bowie's WEAK mix of Raw Power, and  loved it none the less.  Iggy's remix is an upfront, in-your-face, bust  your speakers, balls to the wall, rock and roll attack.  This is how the  album is supposed to sound!!  The BEST!
B000005ALN|5.0|I'M ASTOUNDED THAT ANYONE COULD POSSIBLE HATE THIS MUSIC.  PULL OUT THE SLEEVE AND READ THE WORDS.  IT'S ABOUT LIFE... YOUR LIFE.  IF YOU BOUGHT THIS ALBUM TO HEAR THE LATEST FROM WHAM, YOU'RE WASTING YOUR TIME.  DO  YOURSELF A FAVOR.  PUT THE ALBUM AWAY AND RETRIEVE IT WHEN YOU ARE  &quot;OLDER&quot;.  GET THE MESSAGE?
B0000048V8|5.0|My children and I sit spellbound while watching this short film.  The complete lack of dialogue is  both refreshing and the animation is mesmorizing.  There is another short film also with Raymond Briggs  illustration called &quot;The Bear.&quot;  However, I have as yet been able  to find the video anywhere but my local video store.  Once we find it, we  will have found another TRUE TREASURE.
B00000J7S8|4.0|I love Diana Krall's ability to interpret an old song and make you hear it with new ears.  I still prefer the stripped-down swinging of Love Scenes and her earlier cds to this release, but it really grows on you.  I just  saw her last night at Carnegie Hall and she was fabulous, and that helped  me enjoy this record even more. No one who likes jazz or vocals should  hesitate to buy it. She is good for the music, plain and simple!
B000002BQK|1.0|This is the worst cd i have ever heard!! it lacks any content, and i'm almsot ashamed of her sorry attempt at rap and hip-hop! not only do her songs get worse, but she has started wearing considerably less. I was  surprised that this was even her cd,it was so bad. DONT BUY IT!!! Any cd on  the shelf would surpass this one.
6305428425|5.0|I really like it a lot, i saw it alomost like a hundred of times on paper-view.  It was tha bomb!
B000002BQK|1.0|A few words for you mariah, ditch the rappers. They totally ruin all the songs. And even the songs without rappers, what did you do to your voice. You used to be such a good singer!! Also, you need to get some new people  to write your lyrics. They just don't flow!! Everyone who reads this, DO  NOT BUY THAT CD!!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Very refreshing, but still with the soul Carlos puts into all his efforts.  A great line-up in the band helps make all the collaboration w/guests sound very professional.
B000000OTU|2.0|Eat the Rich just isn't the same without the big burp at the end (which is on the original album version on Get a Grip), so I give this only two stars. We need more burping on cds.
B000001ES4|5.0|The melodical themes invoke powerful emotions within the listener's psyche. Inner visions evoked are very emotional, almost a &quot;sound tract&quot; for the listener's private &quot;video clips&quot;. I would  strongly recommend this CD to all.
B000005ALP|5.0|What a fantastic record... if you like music, no matter WHAT kind, i cant find any reason for you not to like this wonderful record. Each and every track is a true piece of art. BUY! NOW!
6305076626|4.0|There is only one word to describe Rocky Horror Picture Show: WEIRD! The music is awesome and has a very catchy ongoing beat through-out it.  Tim Curry is great in a garter-belt (ha, ha).  The characters of Janet and Brad  are nerdy but fun, and the transexual transvestites from Transylvania are  all interesting.  Rocky has a very nice body!
6304873441|5.0|Anastasia was a great movie. However, it wasn't accuarate, as so many have deigned to point out. It was very nice of them to take the time to tell us fans this because everyone knows that when you see a child's (although  teenagers would like it more) film you expect perfect accuaracy. People who  saw Disney's Hercules and Pocohantas know what I'm talking about.<br />Face  it, there isn't one single animated movie out there that doesn't take the  names and job descriptions from a story, and then make a totaly new story.  These are still good movies.<br />On a totlaly different track, Rasputin is  one of the few bad guys out there who is litteraly insane. He's also the  only one I can think of who actually sold his soul. Think of the message he  sends to kids: If you sell your soul, you will become very evil and twisted  and fall apart.<br />Not only that, but Anya/Anastasia and Dimitri had to get  to each other before they fell in love. This is unusual. They did not sing  a sappy song and fall in love. All in all, I loved this movie.  Tell  yourself it took place in a parrellel universe and you'll be fine.
B000002UQJ|2.0|Following his &quot;comeback&quot; success with &quot;Flowers in the Dirt&quot; and the subsequent world tour that followed, Paul should have followed up with an even stronger album.<br />This ain't it.<br />Paul took his  new socially/enviromentally conciousnees to the studio...and came out with  a vapid, preachy, boring mess.<br />It's not a total loss (no McCartney album  ever is). The title track is catchy enough. &quot;Get Out of My Way&quot;  is a bit of a rocker that came out better live. And I'm kinda fond of  &quot;C'mon People&quot; in spite of myself. In addition, &quot;Hope of  Deliverence&quot; is one of his better tunes that should have appeared on  &quot;Flowers...&quot;<br />Paul and his band performs well thruout...it's a  shame that the material they were performing was less than  memorable.<br />Basicly, this was a &quot;let's get an album out so we can  tour&quot; thing...the tour was sucessful, the album pretty dismal. For  completeists only.
B000002NC4|5.0|There is so much dripping sensuality in this recording.... I had a small party last weekend with our upstairs neighbors, and she had her best friend come over- now I was never EVER involved with anything remotely like what  happened but when I put this album on we 3 just melted into each other....  thanks Built to Spill for becoming the memory of the beginning of Summer  1999.
B000005RT8|4.0|In another one of those &quot;what was he thinking&quot; moves, Paul recorded this quirky collection of demos (one has to assume they were) immediately following the breakup of Wings. The results are very raw  (recorded directly into a tape machine, by-passing any mixing board) and  rather odd. But you know, it's not so bad. If nothing else, he delivered 3  absolute gems here. &quot;Coming Up&quot; is still one of his best pop  singles (both the live &amp; studio). &quot;Waterfalls&quot; is charming is  it's sweet simplicity, and &quot;One of These Days&quot; is a beautifully  melancholy little number (although the rawness of the recording here is a  bit distracting; really could use a good re-recording).<br />Elsewhere,  there's the catchy-in-spite-of-yourself &quot;Temporary Secretary&quot;  (how Paul didn't get flack from feminists for this one I'll never know), a  couple of nice bluesy numbers in &quot;On the Way&quot; (good guitar work  here) and &quot;Nobody Knows&quot;. &quot;Darkroom&quot; is odd but a bit  funky (nice bass line). And as much as you REALLY want to HATE the truely  weird &quot;Bogey Music&quot; (and you will first time out), you can't help  but find yourself humming it. The 2 instrumentals are listenable, but  ultimately forgetable.<br />Certainly far from Macca's best material, but  there's enough here to make it a fun little ditty. Check your expectations  at the door and you might enjoy this one.
B00000JGHM|5.0|This will probably be rated as one of the best crime dramas of the 20th century. The lives of the criminal element are examined in detail: their interaction with each other, their families and their friends/associates,  police, and the general population. There are many surprises in the  portrayal of the criminals- generally they are multidimensional and have  unexpected &quot;nice guy&quot; attributes just when I was prepared to  expect them to be at their worst.<br />This movie also contains a lot of  technical realism. There is a long running gun battle wherein the crooks  are in an open, running fire-fight in a city. The bullets are flying, and  more importantly, one can see the brass ejecting from the chambers of the  guns, and there is a continuous sound of brass tinkling on the streets.  Also, one will notice the reflected sounds of the gunfire from the  buildings, as well as realistic sounds of bullets penetrating car bodies.  Impressive foley work!!<br />Don't get me wrong. This is not just a special  effects movie. It has a very good, very intracate plot, but the viewer has  to pay attention all the way through, lest one will miss many significant  details, artfully woven into the movie.<br />I have seen this movie 4 or 5  times, and I am going to buy it when it is available!
068815333X|3.0|&quot;Prayers for Rain&quot; has all the characters Lehane has created in five previous books, but the storyline is too weak to be compelling.. But &quot;Gone, Baby Gone&quot; was so on the mark, it might be I expected the same level of pure &quot;hardboiled&quot; prose, and came away still  wanting to be as dazzled.      Bubba still reminds me of an unprincipled  &quot;Hawk&quot;(Parker's Spenser sidekick) clone without the finesse and  moral certainty, and his reliance on his lack of intelligence is a weak  gimmick. Patrick seems to be growing more interesting than the rest of the  crew, and Angie is no longer as funny as she tries to be. Maybe it's time  for Patrick to move on, fly solo and stop falling back to the same old  patterns.     Nevertheless, it's way too early in the series to give up on  the trio, and I eagerly await the next installment. Lehane has only  wobbled, he's no where near falling down.
B00000IQV7|5.0|Robin Williams never ceases to amaze me with his amazing talents and incredible comedy.  This movie will make you laugh, cry and think about your own life. There are moments in this film that are utterly hilarious,  and moments that will touch event the coldest cynic.  The DVD version of  this film is fair, I just wish that would have included more outtakes.   There had to be a lot with Robin Williams, but the DVD only gives you about  5 minutes of gags.  Don't miss this fantastic film!
0375707972|2.0|I expected it to be riveting, but it wasn't, although I managed to finish it easily enough. (probably because it was realtively short)I still don't understand why she had an affair with a 15 year old boy.  Nor why he never got over it.  The book didn't educate me at all about the Holocaust like I  hoped it would.  I don't know why he wouldn't visit her in prison or why  she killed herself.  Seems to have a lot of missing links.  Maybe I didn't  care enough about the characters to think about these situations.  This was  is a take it or leave it kind of book.
B00000JCB2|5.0|The first album rocked but significant other is weak. The only good tracks are nookie, breakstuff, and trust.
B00000BKDV|4.0|After Number of the Beast and Powerslave, this album is almost..ALMOST..a letdown. It has some great songs of different types, but it also has some dissapointments and some stuff that probably should never have made the  album.<br />First of all, the opener &quot;Where Eagles Dare&quot; is  energetic and exciting the first few times you hear it, but a bit shallow.  After the tenth time, you might very well be hitting skip. But if so, it's  to get to<br />Revelation, which is a GREAT song from beginning to end.  Starting with a prayer from the Church of England of all things, and  possessing some nice mystic and Egyptian imagery, this song has one of the  best metal riffs I've ever heard (second only to &quot;Back in Black&quot;  and &quot;Powerslave&quot;) and some beautiful vocal work.<br />Flight of  Icarus has a great beginning, good lyrics, a few inaccuracies in the story,  a great chorus, and one or two genuinely irritating moments that keep it  from being a classic. It's a great song, but it could have been  better.<br />Die with Your Boots on is a great song too, and my only complaint  about it is that Bruce seems to be screaming his head off instead of..you  know..SINGING.<br />The Trooper..the best known of Maidens &quot;combat  songs&quot;, but also the worst in my opinion. Good energy, great song,  very emotional. But it's not as well written as &quot;Aces High&quot; or as  catchy as &quot;the Invaders&quot;.<br />Still Life..the best song on this  album, a Maiden Classic, easily in my top five. Here they captured for one  song (and only one) the sort of creepiness and dark mood that fills  Lovecraft stories and a few select Black Sabbath song. One of thier best,  easily.<br />&quot;Quest for Fire&quot; and &quot;Sun and Steel&quot; are  ....less enthralling. &quot;Sun and Steel&quot; is sort of fun at first,  but nothing more and never gets better. &quot;Quest for Fire&quot; is  cheesy and lame, and should never have made this album. It's these two  songs and the opener that keep me from liking this album as much as  &quot;Powerslave&quot; and &quot;NofB&quot;.<br />NOT..&quot;To tame a  Land&quot; which is a great epic song, cheesy lyrics to a Dune fan but  musically it's the second best of Harris's &quot;Epic&quot; songs, and only  because Harris did even better on &quot;Rime&quot; on the very next  album.<br />Three great songs, three good songs, three mediocre-poor songs.  That isn't too bad, as only one really qualifies as poor. It's just not as  great as the other members of the &quot;Classic&quot; trio before synth  entered Maidens music (and after they lost Diano).
B00000J8EK|1.0|I have listend to this CD 5 times now and dissapointment is the word that continually comes to mind. This is a corporate CD for the MTV major media looking for something to legitamize their lack of any challenge to the poor  state of independent music today. Come on boys! You had two years to wow us  and this is the best you can do?
B00000BKDW|5.0|You name it, this album has it.<br />Do you like the combat songs that Maiden has done before like &quot;Invaders&quot; and &quot;The Trooper&quot;? This album has thier best EVER, the song that comes closer than anything else in  existence to describing the feeling of being in the middle of a  furball..&quot;Aces High&quot;.<br />Do you want irony and sharp edged social  critcism? Check out the song &quot;2 Minutes to Midnight&quot;, and see how  Iron Maiden can pick on world leaders without getting AT ALL preachy or  shorting on the music to the least extent. This one just kicks.<br />Then skip   a substandard instrumental called &quot;Losfer Words&quot;<br />And you get  &quot;Flash of the Blade&quot;, a fun little song that pulls you in the  first time you hear it and that you NEVER get tired of. Then comes  &quot;The Duellists&quot; which is a damned good song.<br />&quot;Back in the  Village&quot; is a good song, but a bit repetitive and Bruce's worst  performance on the album. It's not bad, it just looks bad on THIS  album.<br />Powerslave. The second or third best song Iron Maiden ever made.  An awesome riff that sounds somehow Egyptian drives it, the instrumentals  are great, Bruce has a different but interesting singing style throughout  the whole thing...just beautiful.<br />Then last of all comes &quot;Rime of  the Ancient Mariner&quot;, the best epic song ever done in Metal, nearly 14  minutes long and never boring, with several great moments that make you  wish it were longer.<br />I'm not always this nice, believe me. It's just that  this is the second best album they EVER made, and &quot;Number of the  Beast&quot; barely edges it out. You need this album if you've ever heard  Iron Maiden and liked them, or if you're a fan of heavy metal.<br />NEED.
B000002U82|3.0|This album should be known as the Alan Parsons Project with a couple of songs by a mediocre British band Pink Floyd.  Nowadays, compare this to the new Chemical Bros. CD Surrender.  I'm not going to predict that this CD by  the Chemical Brothers will be a classic for the next three decades, just  compare who gets the credit.  The producing Chemical Brothers get the  credit while a few &quot;rock&quot; stars contribute to a few songs.  Where  are the songs on DSOTM?  This album is just Parsons playing in the studio,  with a budget.  The DSOTM is really one of the blandest of Pink Floyds'  albums.  Parsons had the budget to fill up the album with his spacey sounds  because Pink Floyd really had no songs!  These trippy songs produced by  Parsons really do not stand up well over time, they seem pointless.   Compare to the acid house and ambience of recent decades.  To sum up,  Parsons had the ability to fill up the album with odd sounds because Pink  Floyd had no songs, he had to fill out somewhat of a presentable album, and  he had the budget to play in the studio.
B000002HRE|5.0|METALLICA keeps getting better with age,this album kicks ass. In a time where good kickass rock &amp; roll is dead with singers who can't sing songwriters who can't write and guitars screeching the same riffs.  METALLICA keeps hope alive
B000001DZQ|5.0|Roy Buchanan is the best unknown guitar players of all time. His Green Onions is a classic.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Whenever people say they're gone, they come out with a bang! The peppers bring back their quality of funk and wonderful lyrics but the boldness with bloodsugarsexmagik is not there. Songs like &quot;Get On Top&quot;,  &quot;Californication&quot;, and &quot;Savior&quot; have that distinct  sound they are known for. John Frusciante comes back from a dismal solo  career to rejoin the group. Flea impresses me the most with his throbbing  bass rhythms on &quot;Parallel Universe&quot;, and the &quot;The Velvet  Glove&quot;. Of course &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; is the title hit but 2 more  should come from this album. Its not the funk as much as it is the rhythm  that distinct this album with the rest. It's well worth the buy, but you  have to be into the music. May the PEPPERS live forever!
0767836251|5.0|I have seen this movie three times in the movie theater.Oh!I love that so much.I love them,Sarah,Reese and Ryan.So now I want to have that.If I were you,I would see that at least once.
B000002J2B|5.0|As far as I am concerned this is the best post Gabriel album Genesis ever produced. It has all the right mixes of every band member at their height. 11th Earl is probably the best post Gabriel song written , with obvious  control going to Banks. Every song fits into one another to tell a story, I  believe of life, perhaps not one character's life, but all our lives. I  highly recommend this album to anyone who is either a major fan of the band  or someone wanting to know more of what this legendary band is about.
0767903811|5.0|Bill Bryson is one of the few authors who can make me laugh out loud again and again while reading! Funniest book I've read in months (the last one to match it was Bryson's A Walk in the Woods).
B00000HZHS|5.0|If you like your grunge dirtied up and sludgy, and your lyrics meaningful, just buy this...really it should be in your house right now. What's wrong with you? If you don't LOVE the feedback in Frances Farmer Will Have Her Revenge On Seattle, don't call yourself a Nirvana fan.
6303477259|5.0|145 minutes of Pink Floyd is more than I hoped for. It includes popular songs from &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot;, &quot;The Wall&quot; a great version of &quot;One of These Days&quot;, the whole &quot;Dark Side of the  Moon&quot; albulm and more which I wasn't familiar with. My only complaints  are I wasn't too happy with the way they performed &quot;Time&quot; (one of  my faveorate songs) and the videos at the beggining. But anyway, it's  really good, there's cool laser effects and over 2 hours of great music.  Rent it if you're not sure, it should be available at blockbuster.
B00000DR8R|5.0|This is really a top CD which should be heard by anyone who have good taste. You like u2, rem, lou reed, suzanne vega? You'll like this one, and others of Lloyd Cole. I promise!
6300217019|3.0|American Gigolo I felt started the trend of sexy &quot;chick&quot; flim.  Richard Gere's performance as a overachieving stud living in &quot;fast lane&quot; LA has semi-hardcore appeal; with a touch a soft eroctia blended  nicely into the mix.  Lauren Hutton's role as a rich woman looking for fun  didn't appeal to me that much since I felt her character did not help along  with the plot.
6302561841|5.0|My dad laughed so hard he could hardly catch his breath on father's day when watching the slapstick comic genius of Charlie Chaplan in Modern Times. The script, music and acting that he wrote, composed and performed  make him I believe a man born ahead of his time.  <br />His scene with Sammy  Stein the Turbin operator almost had me rolling out of my LazBoy.  Paulette  Goddard represented how hard times were in the Great Depression and helped  Chaplan as he made a social commentary on the times.  The industrial  revolution was also represented in a comical way.  <br />The scene in jail  with the smuggled nose powder by another inmate that was stashed in the  salt unknown to the Little Tramp, and his reaction after salting and eating  his food, was hilarious. I don't condone drugs, but the way Chaplan finds  humor in things that happen to us out of the blue is great.<br />I could  describe more scenes but don't want to spoil the film for those who have  not yet purchased Modern Times. It definitely should be part of your  collection, I believe it is one of the top 20 movies ever but on film.   There were three greats in silent movies, Charlie Chaplan, Buster Keaton  and Roscoe Arbuckle (aka Fatty).  Collect all three of the slapstick  geniuses of their time.  Comedy for all ages. Enjoy!<br />See Ya on my next  review!<br />Gary Miles, Louisville, Kentucky
6301562143|5.0|The casting for Batman was incredible. Micheal Keaton and Jack Nicholson defintely bring a lot spunk to this dark but highly moving film. I hoped that it would not be as campy as the television. But it definitely spear  heads it a Batman of the future.
0783225199|5.0|This movie is the best.  It is up in ranks with Star Wars episodes 1,4,5 &amp;6.  A great movie, hilarious the whole way through.
0800178394|5.0|The mixture of Martin Lawrence and Will Smith was a sheer masterpiece. Bad Boys brought back the cool sense of action and adventure like in the days of Starky and Hutch.  Tea Leoni is welcomed as a mix comedy/drama relief  for the dynamic duo. It's thrilling to see how the good guys in this film  will stop at nothing to get the bad guys.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I love this cd. It is a lot better than 3 dollar bill ya'll. They do a lot more variety of music on this and almost all of it is great.
0783226152|4.0|American Graffiti was a view into a past that many could actually say they know nothing about. George Luca's potrays Southern California's pre-hippie day with such flare and good time Friday night fun. Ron Howard and Cindy  Williams characters as teenage lovers being tested for the rate of maturity  and wanting to stay young forever.  Candy Clark truly deserved her Oscar  for her role.  Great film debut for Macinzine Phillps.
B00000IOSU|5.0|This CD has not disappointed in the slightest. Reading some of the reviews below prior to purchasing a copy (only just available now in the UK) I wondered if some of the more subtle qualities in Sarah's vocals would be  lost, but no! And she has certainly picked a fantastic bunch of musicians  to compliment her beautifully crafted songs. My only small gripe is the  rather childist screaming of the audience which detracts from some of the  quieter moments...yeah, I know it's a live album, but it still grates a  bit. Having said that, this still is the best CD's I've purchased in a long  while. Here's to the next one...
0060926317|5.0|Dear Morgan,  <br />You are loved and supported on your journey :0)     I'm impressed with your story of your experience with the aborignal beings of Australia.  I honor your gifts.  Thank you for bringing their voice to us mutants.  We still have much to learn.<br />For those seeking enlightenment,  wisdom, love, truth and beauty, I would suggest that you disregard some of  the negative reviews listed below.  Peace and bright blessings to all...MG
B00000J8EK|2.0|I am a big Chem Bros fan and was looking forward to this release for weeks.  I like their big beats and incorporation of new sounds and voices.  I was dissapointed because this album is a lot lighter than previous.   There were three songs I liked, Tracks 2,3,9, but the rest all sounded the  same to me.  They just didn't sound like the hard hitting Chem Bros of old.   I will just have to keep on listening to old school Chems.
0060975768|4.0|The carnage of Ia Drang is shocking...there are incredible acts of heroism--the kind only something as horrible as war can bring out. Emotionally gut wrenching.  Our troops in Vietnam were real heroes.  Shame  on those in the '60s who didn't honor our warriors...
6305358613|5.0|The DVD of Elizabeth is wonderful.  We really enjoyed the Director's commentary.  I wish all DVD's had this feature. To watch the movie again with the director explaining things (some we never noticed) was incredible.
6304383827|5.0|It amazes me that so many people seem to prefer the Kate Beckinsale version of &quot;Emma&quot;.  I thought the Kate version fell way short.  It didn't flesh out the characters nearly as well as the Gwyneth version,  and if you weren't already familiar with the plot (basically, Emma's  match-making), you wouldn't see much of it at all in the Kate version.  I  thought Kate did a tremendous job in Much Ado About Nothing, and in the  drama One Against the Wind, but the script they handed her for Emma just  didn't allow her to display her abilities.  She's good, but the script  leaves much to be desired.  Gwyneth Paltrow's version was the first movie I  had ever seen her in, and no matter what others say, I thought she really  was a British actress!  Her accent was cute and no problem for me.
0879302755|4.0|This books tells the story of a few of the synth maker pioneers: E-Mu, Moog, PPG, ARP, etc.  Many of it's chapters are written by those who created the original instruments, others are written by Vail from a mostly  interview Q&amp;A style.  A nice insight in what was what and who did who.
0783204914|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS GREAT I THINK ITS ONE OF AL PACHINOS BEST THE MOVIE HEAT WAS ALSO VERY GOOD IN MY HUMBLE OPINON I THINK SCENT OF A WOMAN IS HIS BEST DRAMA AND HEAT ISTHE BEST ACTION AL WAS MADE KEEP IT UP....
6305311463|1.0|This is one of those big budget Hollywood movies that tries to substitute special effects for the smallest amount of script writing.  If you are looking for a blockbuster &quot;meteor hits the Earth&quot; picture get  Deep Impact.  It's shallow, of course, but it looks like Citizen Kane next  to this.
0871137380|5.0|Great piece of journalism.  It not only recreates every aspect of the battle but it also gives great insight into the warrior culture.  The military is the most misuderstood segment of American society.  Read this  book and understand how a soldier thinks and feels and why we do what we  do...RangersLeadTheWay
0440539811|1.0|I know that this book's cover is really interesting, and that the synopsis is intriguing.  That's why I bought the book in the first place.  Well, I was duped.  Like a fool, I and my money were soon parted.  I wasted my money.  Okay, first of all, this isn't a real conspiracy novel.  It's an  (intentionally) incoherent mess of rambling that happens to mention a lot  of famous names.  The tense changes mid-paragraph from past to present and  then to past again for no reason, and the narrator changes abrupty without  warning.  None of the characters are likeable; I could care less about what  happens to any of them.  And it is filled with obscenity--take for instance  a man in jail masturbating and saying to himself, &quot;It's not my hand.   It's Sophia Loren's tongue.&quot;  If you find that entertaining, be glad,  because that sort of thing is evenly distributed throughout the entire  overly-long volume.  What's worse, the authors wrote it nauseatingly on  purpose.  I can tell because the book itself contains a pretty accurate  summation of itself, only it omits one important point:  the book tries to  be funny but fails miserably.  This pointlessness isn't fun nihilism; it's  boring nihilism.  If giving this ZERO stars were an option, I'd take it.   If you want to waste your money like I did, buy the book.
6303921248|5.0|Besides the main plot of the relationship between Lizzy and Mr. Darcy, there is such great HUMOR in this miniseries.  Mr. Collins and his self-deceptive &quot;consequence&quot; is a hoot, and Lizzy's parents are  both hilarious in their own ways.  Her mother is entertainingly immature  and annoying, and it makes you wonder how her father managed to marry her  in the first place--but aren't there married couples like that that we each  know?  One subtle but very funny moment was AFTER the &quot;country  dance&quot; (where Lizzy first saw Darcy and commented that he would not be  so handsome were he not so rich) when Mrs. Bennet was beginning to describe  to her husband the wonderful lace on some woman's gown and he interrupted  her with &quot;No lace.  No lace, Mrs. Bennet, I beg you.&quot;   I agree  with the other reviewer who said that the length of the story had to be  captured on a longer format than just a two-hour movie.  Too much is lost  otherwise.  It IS hard to make yourself watch it in shifts, though.  It's  like a book that becomes too engrossing to put down, so you find yourself  staying up later and later just to finish it.  By the way, my sons like  this video, too!  They couldn't have chosen better actors to play the  leads.  You truly believe they ARE Lizzy and Darcy!  And when she's playing  the piano-forte, Darcy looks at her with such a look of adoration on his  face that the viewer is convinced, This guy really IS a lovesick puppy!
B000002U9W|5.0|A great album.  Alan's Psychadelic breakfast is by far the best track on there.  The first track (atom heart mother) is very long (23 min) and is my second fav.
6300214753|4.0|hey better than the cable guy..
6305358567|3.0|This is basically Hollywood's romanticized, 90's play on 16th century England.  Most of it was fluff and extremely historically inaccurate.  I can forgive some inaccuracies, but these were outlandish, almost as if Rod  Serling was directing this movie for the &quot;Twighlight Zone&quot;.  Elizabeth I was an enigma and simply one of the most facinating woman of  the last thousand years.  However, as much as she was a very public figure,  she was very mysterious.  This movie barely touched the essence of who she  was.  Most of her character came from a childhood that I wouldn't wish on  my worst enemy;  and being a princess did not help.  Her father, a  tyrannical murderer,  beheaded her mother when she was three and he  banished her from his presence.    After his death, she was constantly  beseiged upon by corrupt and self seeking men who wanted to use her in any  way possible to obtain power; this put her in extremely dangerous  situations.   She constantly lived with the threat of execution and she was  constantly reminded of her mother's fate that might be hers as well.  The  worst time being  when her Catholic half-sister, Queen Mary, imprisoned her  and almost executed her for a Protestant uprising around her.  It is  actually miraculous that anyone with such a horrid life, before the age of  25, did not become a monster herself.  Even after she was Queen, she was  not safe from her enemies. For a more realistic video version based on her  life, I highly recommend the BBC series, &quot;Elizabeth R&quot; starring  Glenda Jackson as the great Queen.   Glenda Jackson, in this role, gave the  most realistic version of what Elizabeth may have actually been like.  It  examines every aspect of her life, including those I mentioned beforehand.   Cate Blanchett did not show the hardened, quick tempered, highly  intelligent personna that embodied this woman.  I only saw a fragile, young  girl, with not one glimmer of the legendary queen that Elizabeth would  become.
0486236951|4.0|The introduction consist of the history of white work, materials for white work, and transferring the designs. Intructions for white work stitches includes stem, chain, lazy daisy, running, backstitch, straight stitch,  seeding, satin, padded satin, long-and-short, french knots, overcast,  buttonhole, feather, herringbone, chevon, star, shadow, couching, and  lattice filling. The designs are beautiful. The only thing I find wrong is  it's paperback. With use though the years it will fall apart. Get your  stapler ready!
0380002930|5.0|Adams is a sheer genius.  &quot;Watership Down&quot; is the epitome of a modern mythology.  The characters are not mere rabbits; rather, they are people with a culture, complete with language and traditions.  The idea of  using another species to examine culture, tradition, and prejudice is  genius.<br />The plot is almost as enrapturing as the characterization and  setting.  However, the most stunning part of the novel is Adams's use of  rabbits as characters.<br />A well-deserved five stars for my favorite novel.
B000001FI7|5.0|Play Track 8 - Turn the tight groove up.  As a matter of fact, just play the entire record - &quot;Slamming&quot; - Buy it
6300216748|5.0|This is a very absorbing movie with first-rate performances by the entire cast.  You'll see Robert Redford at his best in this one.  I was also impressed by Fay Dunaway's performance.  She was terrific as the vulnerable  kidnapped victim.  Max non Sydow was his exceptional self, playing a cool,  calculating hit man, Cliff Robertson was perfect as CIA director Higgens,  and John Houseman's screen presence was never so obvious as in this film.   Honestly, there wasn't a bad performance in the entire movie.  This  intelligent spy thriller will make you sit up and pay attention as you  wonder who in the heck the good guys are, and who, if anyone, can you  possibly trust?  Between 1 and 10, \\"Three Days of the Condor\\", one of many  wonderful Redford/Pollack vehicles, gets a well-deserved 9.  Rent it, or  buy it.  I doubt you'll be disappointed.
6305358567|5.0|This movie holds your attention from the beginning moments to the ending!! Cate Blanchett cleary deserved the Academy Award that she did not receive!!  Historically correct, informative, and extremely exciting!! A historical  winner!
6303327974|5.0|i found this movie great and diffrent because it uses media (and movie) to show that it will corrupt us just as anything else we (humanity) have to many things to point our fingers at to put the blame on it's not music  movie or news its only ourselves i.e. if someone is born into poverty  they steal food 9/10  then we punnish them for the way SOCIETY raised  them!!!
6302994063|5.0|This remains a favorite of mine. As a former resident of Australia, I think Strictly Ballroom represents the best of that country. Paul Mercurio is as nice as he is talented.
B00000IOSU|1.0|Since I'm a die hard Sarah fan (Yes, I liked her before she came out with angel) I thought the C.D. would be good, but the whole thing was terrible.  I even went over a couple times and tried to listen to it, but to sum up  the whole C.D. in one word it really SUCKS!  The song quality was awful,  she sang her songs better on her other C.D.'s: Solace, Surfacing, Rartries  &amp; B Sides, Fumbling Toward Ecstacy, The Freedom Sessions, and so on.   Just Don't buy the C.D!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the best album I've bought in a while.  My friend told me how good it was, so I traded in my new Pennywise album (which stinks!) for this.  One of the best choices I've made in a while.  Buy this album ASAP.
B000003EOO|5.0|This recording finds Caballe in glorious voice in  a brilliant performance of the lead role. Bergonzi gives an equally great performance as the hero.  The recording has good sonics and fine balance. Recommended highly.
6304873441|5.0|Though probably not historically accurate, this is a very enjoyable story for the young.
B00000JBCP|5.0|Man is one of the best recording and performing latin rock bands around and this CD proves it. All the songs played are incredibly great sounding, with some of the songs sounding as good as the studio versions and others  are nice variations with a nicely polished sound. Only the sound of the  audience and Fher's occassional talking give away that this is a live  performance. The &quot;MTV unplugged&quot; moniker may be misleading. Don't  expect an acoustic recording since a lot of the instruments remained  plugged: there's plenty of electric bass and electric guitar (though they  are semi-acoustic) as well as synths. Alex gets a nice, but all too short,  drum solo in &quot;Coladito.&quot;  The only bad part of this CD are the  English translations of the lyrics. They are truly poor and off the mark.  Cervantes Saavedra's observation, almost four hundreds years old, that the  worst thing done in translations are the attempts to put one language's  poetry and meaning into another holds very true. But all in all, this is  Man at their live best!
B0000025H4|5.0|Halfords' live version of &quot;Sinner&quot; will make your hair stand on end it is so powerful! This ones so good it will make your ears bleed. &quot;Diamonds and Rust&quot; has got to be one of my all time favorite  Priest songs, and the live version is simply brilliant!
B00000G3PA|5.0|saben que??? la pelicula es re del putas... y saben por que... por que nos esta diciendo lo que nos va a pasar, pero ustedes solo piensan que  es una pelicula!!!!!!
B0000025YM|5.0|This album, simply put.... THUMPS! Do yourself a favor and listen to &quot;Some Heads Are Gonna Roll&quot; at maximum volume. You won't be disapointed!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|the offspring is a rilly good band you want this cd my favorte sond is #1
B0000025IE|5.0|If any one album defines a band, then British Steel IS Judas Priest. &quot;Living after Midnight&quot; should be every Metal Heads anthem.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Remind yourself that you are listening to a CD/group that is meant to shock and appall adults. Then, slip your headphones on and appreciate Trent Reznor's influence over Marilyn Manson's obscene anti Christian rock opera.    Yeah, MM knows what he's doing and actually rebukes the impressionable  goth followers.  Yes, Mr. Superstar, they will do anything for you.<br />This  reminds me of an old cartoon.  There's something on this Cd for  everybody.<br />Don't let your young children listen to it though. This CD is  for the fully functional adult who can still enjoy rock n' roll while  ignoring the obvious publicity stunts.<br />Hey, Mr. psycho****, I'm your  oldest fan...
B00000253N|4.0|Great lyric, great music, but as usual, I'm left wondering why he doesn't sing. I know he is capable; he did a respectable job on Nashville Skyline. Some of the ballads here would have been so much better if he had sung  them. The talking blues is not appropriate for every type of music. I know  I'm going against the grain, since everyone else has given this such  glowing reviews, but that's how I feel.
6300269639|4.0|Though my opinion of Clint Eastwood has dropped with the revelations in Sondra Locke's book, there is no disputing his ability in movies.  Firefox is a change of pace for Eastwood, an espionage drama that dabbles in scifi  and includes superior aerial SFX.<br />Based on Craig Thomas' novel, Eastwood  stars and directs, handling both chores very well.  Mitchell Gant  (Eastwood) is a burned-out Vietnam-era fighter pilot suffering from  lingering battle shock (his experience as a POW is portrayed in  a  harrowing flashback sequence of being shot down, captured, and rescued).   He is &quot;recruited&quot; by NATO to be infiltrated into Soviet Russia  and steal the ultimate fighter plane - the Firefox, a stealth fighter  capable of Mach Six speeds and possessing thought-controlled weaponry.   <br />The first half of the film is the laborous attempt by the CIA and MI6's  native recruits to smuggle Gant to Bilyarsk, the Red airbase in the  southern Urals where the Firefox is housed.  Leonard Maltin's criticism of  the film as slow-paced is flat out wrong, for the infiltration of Gant  through Russia is quite good and involves some excellent interplay between  Gant and the various Russians willing to die to betray the country that has  destroyed their lives.<br />The second half of the film is a dazzling aerial  chase and great ground-level cat-and-mouse game as the Russians try to  intercept a plane that is three times faster than anything else, can attack  targets some three seconds faster than any defense system, and is  exceedingly difficult to track.  The flying scenes are awe-inspiring even  today; SFX honcho John Dyxstra uses vastly-speeded-up aerial footage to  convey a tremendously effective view of speed amid the nicely intimidating  model of the Firefox craft.<br />The lengthy finale involves Gant's duel with  a second Firefox prototype, one of the best chase sequences ever filmed, a  chase that's even better than similar aerial chases in the Star Wars or  Superman films.  The best part is the admittedly implausible chase through  a narrow Arctic Circle canyon at Mach Two-plus speeds; yeah, it can't be  done by jet fighters in real life, but it is a thriller nonetheless.<br />The  huge cast is used to tremendous effect, as Eastwood elicits great  performances all around.  In all, Firefox remains a classic.
B000002C2E|4.0|Other reviewers here have described this CD as &quot;too dark&quot;. That's why I like it. If you blocked out the singing and just concentrated on the music, it would remind me of my all-time favorite group, The Doors.  The mood is appropriate for the music, which is usual top-notch Dylan.
6300151379|5.0|Pleeeaaassseee, release this movie...Mine that I have had since the late 80's has bit the dust...I have to have this movie! My neice has just now reached the age to watch &amp; understand movies, and I so desperately want  to show her this classic, that every kid should see. Please release it...
6302518423|5.0|Over the top seems to me an able description of this gorgeous and altogether misunderstood film. Loosely based on &quot;The Tempest&quot; it is a world inside a world woven by words, treason, magic and love. This  movie is a feast for the eyes for its extensive use of lavisly decorated  sets and beautiful (if unclad) bodies. The many passages where Prospero  explains the inner workings of his books and the magic they create are  simply outstanding. Not for everyone.
B000005DQR|5.0|I can't even tell you how many times I've listened to this album.  It's really one of the most brillant things I've ever heard.  I only wish there were other musicians out there with his sensibilities.  Stark, surprising,  and original.
6304118392|5.0|The movie plays out like a twisted nightmare, and about halfway through, it becomes all too real.  Although I thought the movie was VERY good, what brought to the point where I am writing an online review for it was how the  country has been pointing its fingure at this movie for every murder aired  live on CNN.  I am even more pissed off with the fact that most of those  doing the pointing haven't even seen the movie.  The film is 100% original.   It, for the first time, criticises our present culture and our obsession  with violence.  Sure the film is overblown and surreal, but that is the  very nature of satire.  Violence scares and entertains us at the same time,  and that fact, shown so brilliantly in this film, is more disturbing than  any of the violent images it depicts.  This film is very important to see  with a group or friend because it MUST be discussed and thought upon.   Everyone should be talking about what this film says and stands for.  What  is the line drawn between entertainment and journalism, embellishment and  truth, life and death?  Pretty heady stuff for a comedy, but it is one of  the greatest satires ever made.  What kept our eyes glued to CNN during the  Columbine crisis?  Why did we have to watch that?  Why did those kids do  that in the first place?  Was it because of the movie? No. My guess is that  it was for attention, to go out with a bang, to release their anger to and  in front of the world,to say in the loudest way possible: &quot;Here I  am!&quot; This wouldn't be possible if there weren't millions glued to  their TVs as it happened live.  They succeeded in every way. The same  station that will show a clip of Natural Born Killers and say &quot;there's  the culprit!&quot; will turn around and show that clip of the wounded young  man escaping through a window (the clip with the most suspence and blood)  at the top of every hour.  Natural Born Killers shoves this in our face and  says &quot;Just look at yourself.  See how awefullthis is?  But you're  laughing at it!  See how easy it is for me, Oliver Stone, to make you laugh  at it?  But how much gore does it take to disturb fnally disgust you?  To  shake you into not being entertained any more?&quot;  Our culture is  tragicly comical, and so is the movie.  The final scene is brilliant and  places everything together.  What's the point that we'll finally reach with  our fascination and obsession with violence?  The film shows us a very  likely scenario, and it is scary and ironic.  The film tells us how little  we think about what we see, and ironically, that's what caused this movie  so many problems.  The movie was terrifying and hilarious, and honestly, I  don't really want to watch it over and over again.  I would never buy it.   But, by all means, see it.  Oh, and one other thing, the direction and  filming of this movie is beautiful and brilliant.
6300248569|5.0|I agree with the other reviewers who believe this to be the best adaptation of &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; available.  The weepy, sometimes whining,  Elizabeth in the latest A &amp; E version cannot  compare to the strong, independent depiction given in this BBC version.   Rintoul is also by far the superior Darcy.  This version seemed more  faithful to what I imagined on reading the book.  Extremely enjoyable.  A  treasure to own!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Being a &quot;casual&quot; Santana fan (not a connoisseur - but still a fan), I picked this album up based on those who joined forces w/him, never hearing one song. This is a beautiful collection of &quot;contemporary and  classic&quot; talent for the end of the '90's. What a strange, yet perfect  fusion of artists. This is something worth investing your time in. Give  &quot;Love of my Life&quot; two to three listens and anyone with half a  sense of feeling will agree the unlikely combination of Carlos' empassioned  guitar work burns with the ever pervasive romanticism of Dave Matthews'  vocals and lyrics. If you're a fan of either artist, you will be satisfied  by both. This song will touch you.&quot;Smooth&quot; with Rob Thomas'  vocals, again, unlikely and still an immediate sell. This one will get you  moving. Hard to imagine, but who else could pull this off?Everything about  this work is diverse, but you get the soulfull cry and carnel,  &quot;romantic drive&quot; of Santana's guitar with the artists who  obviously respect him enough to realize the honor of producing with  him.Only Regret: More of Santana's vocals - especially with Eric Clapton.  As guitarists, they're hero's; as vocalists, the listeners would relate  even more to that which we're both familiar. End thought: I'm thrilled over  this resurgence of Santana's magnatism and endless contribution in making  &quot;moving&quot; music. This is just a great combined effort of what I  feel is a tribute to some great artists giving back to Santana what he's  established over decades.
0790729970|5.0|I like it
630505116X|4.0|As soon as I saw the trailer for this movie I reckoned that it was not entirely serious about itself ... and upon renting the video was proved right! The unashamedly predictable story, the hilarious catchphrases  (&quot;Now what?&quot;), and the completely over-the-top monster make this  a fantastic fun B-movie. <br /> The acting is just right: Treat Williams does  a good deadpan version of his Han Solo character, Famke Janssen is  thankfully not cutesy as the romantic interest/raging heroine, and the  Nick Nolte lookalike guy is suitably evil ... my only objection was: can  Kevin J. O'Connor PLEASE clear his throat, the whiney voice grated after a  while.    All in all this film was just great, silly fun; but better-made  than it makes itself out to be, forgetting technobabble and story glitches  for real pacing, suspense and comic timing ... the effects were also cool  tho' over-the-top. Although all the gore, and the unusual way the creature  feeds, may not be for the squeamish, this is more of a comedy-horror than  real scary (half my screams during the film were of laughter). Somewhere  between Aliens and Tremors, I think (with a little Star Wars thrown in as  regards characterisation).
6303832563|5.0|Spellbinding, mysterious and very apropos in today's IT age. I copied the video onto a Sony Betamax tape perhaps 10 plus years ago. If anyone wants a free copy send me a blank VHS tape. This would be a 2nd generation copy, so  the quality might less than optimal. You pay postage both ways. Contact me  at my email address: acassens@gte.net<br />Tony Cassens
0385493800|4.0|Grisham has published a series of so-so novel since his early works.  &quot;The Testament&quot; was nearer his entertaining style than the tremendously uninteresting &quot;Street Lawyer&quot;. We'll see if he can keep it going...
B00000163G|5.0|The two discs that make up All Eyez On Me constitute a veritable gangsta rap bible. More than any other rap album, this brings the thought provoking lyrics and the dope beats, mixing them into a fine g funk stew. Buy this  album today and be enlightened, fool!
0446605409|4.0|Plum Island is not written with the depth of characters and story of Gold Coast but it is extremely entertaining and a good read.
B00000JCB2|5.0|FIRST OFF I HAVE LISTENED TO THE WHOLE CD AND I AM NOT THOSE PEOPLE WHO GIVE FIVE STARS JUST FOR HEARING LIMP BIZKIT CAME OUT WITH A NEW CD.  IT IS NOT AS GOOD AS THE FIRST, MORE RAP, NOT THAT THAT IS BAD.  BUT WHEN U HAVE  SUCH A GOOD DEBUT ALBUM IT IS REALLY HARD TO MATCH OR SURPASS IT WITH ALL  THE PRESURE OF THE FANS AND DAUNTING THOUGHT OF &quot;SELLING-OUT&quot;.  BUT LIMP BIZKIT PULLED OFF A GREAT CD.  SOME SONGS DON'T RESSEMBLE THE OLD  LIMP BIZKIT BUT IT IS ALL GOOD.  SOME PERSONAL FAVORITES ARE  &quot;NOOKIE&quot;, &quot;JUST LIKE THIS&quot;, &quot;n 2 GETHER NOW&quot;,  &quot;BREAK STUFF&quot;, AND &quot;SHOW ME WHAT U GOT&quot;. THIS IS A GOOD  BUY, TRUST ME U GET UR MONEY'S WORTH!
0553328255|5.0|This is THE best collection of this kind of all time! Once you've read the first page, you need to finish it. Now you don't have to buy all the books, because all of Sherlock Holmes's most famous (and infamous) cases are in this stupendous example of literature.
0871137380|5.0|An amazing story brought to life by the author.  Not for those with a weak stomach.  Clearly explains the process that led to the decision to capture warlord Aidid without sounding too political.  One suggestion: as you're reading, jot down all the soldiers names on a 3x5 because it's too hard to  remember everyone's role throughout the story.
0670880728|4.0|This book was very very funny. Great wit...Outrageous is the word that comes to mind to describe it.This IS being single
6304118406|4.0|'Natural Born Killers' theme is, ideologically, a dead-on accurate theme.  Unfortunately, Oliver Stone presents it in a rather odd way.  He says that it is a statement that the media (cinema included, I assume) has taken  violence too far.  How does he go about illustrating this?  By making a  movie that is one of the most violent films in history.  I believe his  point would have had more impact if he told it from the view of the victims  and their families.  Then, the audience would be presented with people who  have to watch as the killers of their loved ones are raised to star-status  rather than following the killers and therefore empathizing with the wrong  characters.<br />BUT...Just because this movie gives a scrambled theme,  doesn't make it bad.  Technically, this movie is always a visual treat.  It  is exciting, funny, and the acting is wonderful.  This movie succeeds in  entertaining the audience, if they can stomach it.
6301963717|5.0|There are few movies that I can watch more than once.  This is one movie you MUST watch more than once.  In addition to the enjoyment of the acting, the story is convoluted enough that you don't understand all of it the  first time.  And even after you understand all the relationships and  motives of the characters, the movie is a joy to watch for the acting.  Albert Finney, Jon Turturro, Jon Polito, Gabriel Byrne, and Marcia Gay  Harden give outstanding performances.  The movie is violent and this may  but off some people.  But if you can get past this, it's a terrific  accomplishment.  And if you like this one, see Sayles' Matewan.
B000001E7L|5.0|This is my favorite album by the Cranberries ... I was introduced to them through it.  Since the first time I heard them, I have been a Die Hard Cranberries fan.  They are great...give them a chance and they will make a  fan out of you yet.
B00000JCB2|3.0|In the &quot;circus&quot; magazine interview with Durst, he said &quot;I came out of the studio and still can't stop listening to it, some other artists can't listen to what they do after they come out of the  studio&quot; well, I think that dear Fred's taste in music has change  because this cd got a some more Rap color. After the first time I heard to  the songs I was a bit disapointed, POWER UP DEAR FRED!
B000002UVZ|5.0|I really liked this album right away upon hearing it but, more than any other album I can think of, it has grown greater and greater over time for me.  It has an integrity that reveals itself over repeated listenings.   &quot;Superman&quot; is the greatest hidden track ever,  &quot;Cuyahoga&quot; still leaves me speechless, and there's not one weak  track on the whole thing.
B000002ULS|5.0|An amazing folk-pop masterpiece that is unmatched by both current and past music releases.  FANTASTIC.
B00000IQW0|4.0|not only (as another reviewer mentioned) does this story seem to parallel the flight of the jews from israel, but i have heard it compared to the mormon saga as well.  atmittedly i don't know enough about it to say for  sure, also, being that the mormons are a recent dvelopment in history, and  given their place in the socio-racial makeup of the usa, and some of their  (past) non-traditional approaches to life, i expect many people would pshaw  this hypothesis.
B000002GYR|5.0|&quot;They all get prettier at Closing Time&quot;. This album gets better the more ya listen to it. Closing Time is a classic and should be played at the end of every party ya have on Saturday nights.
B0000028M7|5.0|From one of the most underrated  bands of the 90's. More musically complex than Nirvana and WAY more consistent than Pearl Jam, Alice was always the &quot;red headed stepchild&quot; of the grunge world that never got the  attention they deserved. &quot;Dirt&quot; is a moody, disturbing record,  filled with swirling, dischordant harmonies, crunchy power chords and  lyrics about depression and drug addiction, and it's not for everybody, but  I personally love the hell out of this album. It's angst rock done right.
6300151379|5.0|This is one of those movies that you can watch over and over again and never get bored with.  My wife and I watched this movie on our first date (is that cheesy?).  Anyway, we'd REALLY like to own it.  Please re-release  it!  In our minds, it's a timeless classic...one we'd like to pass on to  our kids.
B00000272N|3.0|Past reviewers (below) do a much better job explaining Alice's not-so-secret hair metal past. So, with that out of the way, don't let that stop you from taking a listen to Facelift. If you are a big fan of Dirt,  Jar of Flies, etc, you'll find a couple of songs that'll make you happy. My  faves: &quot;Bleed the Freak&quot;, &quot;It Ain't Like That&quot; and the  very end of &quot;Real Thing&quot<br />All in all, it's pretty good.
B000000W5L|5.0|This represents one of the two greatest explorations of black forms (along  w/ Beefheart's &quot;Trout Mask Replica&quot;) by white folk.  Holed up in  France, rich beyond their wildest dreams (literally in &quot;Exile&quot;  from Britain's harsh tax laws), they created a staggering concoction of  American blues, country, and gospel forms.  Full of antinomianisms, the  record is a true inflection  point in the history of both the band (they  more or less sucked afterward), and rock music itself. Pretty much, along  w/ the aforementioned Beefheart, as cerebral as white blues got (check  &quot;Ventilator Blues&quot;), but also exhibiting an inchoate socialism  (as the much-maligned [by the left] Stones often, in fact, did)  (&quot;Sweet Virginia&quot;, &quot;I don't want to talk about Jesus, I just  fifth in a string of five incredible albums (perhaps the best such string  in rock); * better received as the sum of its parts; * can't understand a  damn word Mick is singing - I love the overall sense of Mick and Keith  fighting their heroin-induced glaze to overcome the din of the band.  Saw  'em on the &quot;No Security&quot; (gag) tour &amp; they played &quot;Sweet  Virginia&quot; (w/ Bobby Keys!). I almost cried
B000002H33|5.0|Though not my personal favorite from the boys,(&quot;And Justice...&quot; holds that title) no fan of Metallica or heavy metal in general should be without this CD.<br />It's hard to believe this record is thirteen years old.
1558908366|5.0|Loved the movie at the movies...loved it again on video tape.  Now the crisp transfer to DVD scores as a winner with me.  A classic romance to watch again and again.
0385493800|5.0|This book is a little lighter than some of Grisham's others, and its context is a bit different, however it is a great book that is (of course) very hard to put down.  Interesting ending.
B000009DUY|5.0|This music of Mr. Williams is one of the best and most emotional music I ever heard.  His Hymn is really beautiful. Also without the film, this music goes right to your heart.
6305358613|1.0|I always get frustrated with historical films which do not follow history, and this is the latest.    The actual life of Elizabeth was interesting enough, why change it?
0871137380|5.0|If you remember how you felt sitting through the first 30 minutes of &quot;Saving Private Ryan,&quot; that is how you will feel reading this account of the fighting in Mogadishu.  This is a phenomenal book that is  required reading for anyone interested in the reality of combat.  Congratulations to Bowden on bringing us this account.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This cd is the best one put out by Limp Bizkitz
B000002H2H|4.0|A truly great album that I still remeber from Junior High Beer Bashes. While I have moved on from metal in general, I still give this a listen to every now and then. &quot;Creeping Death&quot; and &quot;Call of  Ktulu&quot; still manage to grab my ear, while &quot;Fade to Black&quot; is  the albums highlight. This record will definitely impress you, especially  if you've only heard the albums they have made since they became creampuff  rockers.
0684867621|5.0|Stephen King will probably reach a wider audience with this touching story.  This is perhaps a softer side of the traditional King story.  As always, character development is fantastic and you quickly become invested  and involved with what is happening to the girl who loved Tom Gordon.  Highly Recommended.
B000005JA8|5.0|Roll Over Beethoven? Roll over everybody! I bought this as a double vinyl LP, from One Stop Records in London way back before it was available in the UK. Previously, I'd heard 'Strictly Personal', and quite liked it, being in  a 'Da Blooz' mood at the time. I only found out later that the Captain had a fit about the phasing and other psychedelic effects plastered on it by a halfwitted outside producer. In the 30 years since, I've never gone a week without playing TMR, or a day without thinking of a song from it. This is to music what Dali and Picasso were to art. A total revolution, something  no one will ever surpass. Not that many are equipped vocally or lyrically to do so. The album is so inspiring, witty, deep, philosophical and  kick-ass funky, that if you don't respond to it, you should call an  undertaker. Cos you must be dead. This has got to be the album of the  century!<br /><br />To me, it is the pinnacle of the musical imagination, and merely coincidentally a \\"rock\\" record. There was nothing like it before, and precious little like it since. Mad genius? Genius, period? It doesn't matter what you call him, this guy had it all, at the time of this recording. I think working with Frank Zappa had a lot to do with it. Childhood buddies, and peas from a pod.<br /><br />It's been my acid test of \\"is this person worth knowing?\\" ever since. If I play it to you and you laugh aloud, pivot like a duck, shake your head in amazement, then you are on my approved list. If you cock your head like a rooster, peck at the ground, and resume flattening dough with the red enamel rolling pin, then this old fart has got your number. There's one in every generation, and Don Van Vliet was the one. I'm not going to recommend it to you, you have to recommend it to yourself. The rainbow trout mask, rubber-eyed, erect and precisely detailed, that's optional attire. May your \\"eyes water in appreciation at his thoughtful preparation.\\"
B000002MU3|5.0|I didn't pay much attention to REM until recently (I thought they were a crappy 80s band). Maaaaaan, what was I missing! This is the album that brought me there. I am an avid hard rock listener, I like Smashing  Pumpkins, Nirvana, Sonic Youth, Korn and Deftones. But I can get tired of  those sometimes. Whats great about Monster is it combines my favorite hard  rock/grunge with some glam and a little bit of pop. Sure, this may lack the  hushed beauty of Up and the hooky jangle of Green, but that doesn't mean it  isn't good! Stipe's vox are louder, clearer and his lyrics are as bizarre  as ever. What's really cool is having Thurston Moore, one of my all time  heroes, make a cameo on &quot;Crush with Eyeliner&quot;! The music,  duuuuude! What can I say? It's just rock rock rock, with the distortion and  fuzz turned up to full blast! The bass throbs and the drums crack, so all  four corners of the album come together perfectly. The energy here is  constant. Sure, I have a lot of REM listening ahead of me, but I'm sure  this album will always be along for the ride. Rock on!
B000000OTU|4.0|This cd it's great but some good songs were missing I mean why didn't they record &quot;sweet emotion&quot;, &quot;Dream on&quot; and a few more. Well maybe the answer is they wanted to make extra cash selling the &quot;A  little south of sanity&quot; album. That's why I give this album 4 stars. I  really like this band and one of my fantasies is having Mr. Tyler as my  father inlaw, HEY suegro no te preocupes yo hare feliz a tu hija Liv pero  muy feliz.
6300151379|5.0|but you will have to pay up for it.  it is always available on various internet auction sites (you could check amazon's, for example), but it will cost you a fortune.
0553278355|5.0|The spiral towards insanity is painful, abrupt. Often feeling helpless and trapped - drawing each breath and wondering if one should just give it up or carry on aimlessly. Some break free but others remain mired in the glassy stifling interior. <br />I wondered if perhaps between the honest and  often brutal lines, Plath was confiding her heart.
068484267X|1.0|I read Angela's Ashes late (December 1998) after it had been on the best seller list for ions.  And I read it as a treat to myself while on vacation.  I have to say I am a reading junkie and generally like writings  that have been given outstanding awards rather than books that are  popular  in the general public. But this book I really did not like.  I grew up  poor, though certainly not to the extent of Mr. McCourt, and I'm sure that  influences my opinion, but this book just made me angry. I was angry at the  mother, I was angry at the father, and more than anything I was angry at  the catholic church.  Any church that can see its members starving and tell  them to reproduce infuriates me. And his mother never did anything I  considered good for her children except prostitute herself for their  lodgings once.  Mr McCourt must have been in therapy for years not to be  riddled with anger and to be able to find anything humorous and good about  his childhood.  But he certainly did give his readers enough information to  hate his parents.  Maybe this book is his way of healing and getting even.   The book is written with talent, I was just so angry I couldn't enjoy it.
B000002JBG|5.0|This Cd is pretty good, but could use a lot more work. Too much singing
B00000J6AG|4.0|This is one of the years best and certainly the best that Moby has put out. Those that accuse Moby of ripping off blues/gospel are in one word..jealous! Sorry you nay-sayers didn't think of it first. From the opening track Moby handles each sample with reverance, surrounding each  with either deeply penetrating grooves or transcendent arrangements. A  deeply moving much needed reprive from electronicas same 'ol stuff. This  record can make the most uptight white boy want to get funky!
B00000IPAX|3.0|Blink has definetly gotten much more mainstream than they were before with Buddha, Cheshire Cat, and sort of Dude Ranch; but that fact has not influenced me to discontinue buying their cd's. I am still a fan of the  band, and the fact that they are not as punk as they once were does not  make me want to stop liking them. They do a pretty good job. &quot;Mutt,  Going Away to College, A Party song, Aliens do Exist&quot;, and of course  the famous &quot;What's my Age Again?&quot; all make the cd worthy of  $11.88. However, if you're looking for hardcore punk, don't stop here-  Blink 182 was never exactly &quot;hardcore&quot; anyway.
B00000JHAU|5.0|It's a long time I was looking for something new, refreshing in music. Here it is! Catchy tunes and words: you feel like this music has been made for you. I believe this band can write lots of other good albums. I was  waiting for something like this since the Smiths. The backbone of this  simple, gifted album (Like Dylan in the movies, Fox in the snow and Get me  away form here, I'm dying) makes me want to take my guitar and sing, and  sing, and sing.
6300214753|1.0|Matthew Brodrick plays the worst thing ever: the high school kid that is an idiot and doesn't go to school because he wants to fornicate with his girlfriend. The dog played the best part out of the whole pathetic  collection of actors.
B000002L9J|5.0|The Smiths are my favorite band ever. All their records are great and this one is an all-time masterpiece. The best lyrics I've ever heard. The best music I've ever heard. How do they know my feelings and my envies? This  album turned my life into a better one. I just have to thank them.
B00000JCB2|1.0|I didn't think it was as good as 3$bill yall
B000002JSJ|4.0|The cd does not show the subtle side of the boys, but it started to show where they would have gone if Bonham did not go to the great gig in the sky. It's rich textures show the complexity of where their music was  heading. Achilles Last Stand is their best &quot;unknown&quot; song. Anyone  who enjoys listening to the guitar, NEEDS to listen to this song,  preferably with headphones. It shows Jimmy's pure genious as a producer and  player. The rest of the album rocks.
0385484518|5.0|If you have a life, reading this story will make it better
B000002J0B|5.0|This album has a different feel to it from the other Zep albums. The true quality of the songs on this album are expressed in the live versions or No Quarter, Song Remains The Same/Rain Song, and Over The Hills and Far Away.  Get a good bootleg from '77 (Anything from LA) and witness the groundwork  that this album provides for the extended versions of these songs.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Before &quot;Lilith Fair&quot;, There must be speculation of how Sarah become the main pillar of the event... &quot;Mirrorball&quot; had proved her vocal worth and on-stage charisma. From the crowd raoring  &quot;Buliding a Mystery&quot;, to the enchanting &quot;Good  enough&quot;... Sarah must have moved my heart with waves that stormed my  hearing. I am sure to say this is one of the best live album I ever heard.  I guess this is the best to get, for the fact that Sarah or other members  of the &quot;Lilith Fair&quot; is unlikely to drop by my country.
6303942830|5.0|I am a great fan of action movie. I regularly ( I say one movie per day!) watch movie - mainly action adventure. This is the best movie I have seen so far. I watched it at least 10 times so far.
0964385619|5.0|Having been a CPA in Hawaii and knowing of Rich Dad, I have nothing but respect for him.  He is widely loved and respected in Hawaii for being wise and kind as well as a generous benefactor to many charities.  This book confirmed a lot of my own personal beliefs about money.
0684867621|5.0|I see all of these bad reveiws by people and it seems to me that they are expecting a horror novel and this book is just not , and I think never was too be, a horror novel.  I LOVED this book and will likely read it again.  Please if you are trying to decide whether or not to buy this book ... BUY  it and just think of it as a regular novel if all you read are SK horror  you will be dissapointed.  An excellent read!!!!!!
6304400551|5.0|I first saw this movie when I was aboutFive years old and you could not pry me away from the t.v. cause of mary poppins,that movie is the very best of all time.every character played their role perfectly and to me no  actress or movie will ever top Julie Andrews in mary poppins.
B000000FG8|5.0|I would have to say this is one of the most influencial and important underground albums ever.  Nearly every 3rd wave band lists OP IV as one of their main inspirations, and this album shows why!!
B00000JCB2|1.0|I would have to admit nookie is an awesome and great song which generally makes it an average cd without this song though i would give negative 1. Every other song generally has terrible lyrics and gets on my nerves. SAVE  YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!!!
0375707972|4.0|Schlink casts out a line to the readers, using an intriguing thought provoking theme as bait.  Once you've begun reading, it becomes almost impossible to stop. The story will move you into a mode of thinking  unfamiliar in most American novels. Intelligently written, it challenges  your morals, yet invites a particularly wonderful sense of commonality with  life, love, and forgiveness.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This CD RULES It has got to be my Favorite CD in my collection with the possible exception of SMASH!!! If you like backstreet boys and that stuff then this is probably not the CD for you, I'm sorry but you will HATE it.  If you like the other Offspring CDs you will like it. I think that this CD  was worth my money and it really deserves all  5 stars!
0375707972|4.0|Schlink casts out a line to the readers, using an intriguing thought provoking theme as bate.  Once you've begun reading, it becomes almost impossible to stop. The story will move you into a mode of thinking  unfamiliar in most American novels. Intelligently written, it challenges  your morals yet invites a particularly wonderful sense of commonality with  life, love, and forgiveness.
0780020685|5.0|If you like watching movies that sucks you into the reality of it you'll love this movie. It was everything a movie should be.
B00000JCB2|2.0|When i got this c.d. i was so pumped. I thought , yeah, more music from the guys that created $3 dollar bill yall$.  I played the c.d. and i was horribly dissappointed.  Music wise it is watered down.  No heavy guitar  riffs, no heavy bass to support the music, and sounds as if the drummer  lost a arm b/c the drums are weaker than the kid from hanson.  Vocally,  fred killed the album before it had a chance.  He has no anger or loudness  or yelling in the whole thing.  If want to hear some limp bizkit buy 3  dollar bill yallz, i get one of the best metal albums of the past couple of  years.  Buy if you must but be warned &quot;don't hold it up to high  expectations b/c you will  be dissappointed.
0553296981|4.0|In my opinion, it was a great book. It explained  everything that she went through plus more. Alot of the reviews here said that it was boring and had nothing to do with the Holocaust. The book is not supposed to focus on the  Holocaust. It is a 12 year old girls diary. It's about HER and what SHE  felt through out the time she was in hiding. I find this very inspiring and  hope everyone gets a chance to read it.
0684857820|5.0|&quot;Sebold is too full of news to slow down for self-pity.  Her commanding skill as a narrator (at her best, describing the crime itself, she calls to mind a fierce young Joan Didion) forces you to relive her terror.  Yet somehow, she makes it all seem educational rather than  sensational. This is a brave and modest work of demystification, a builder  of sympathy.&quot;-- Sarah Kerr, VOGUE
B000002GBD|5.0|I had never heard of either this song or the band Nazareth until I went on the &quot;trip from Hell&quot; (nonstop from NY to Arizona) with my sister Peg. I was on a Hopi Indian bus from Phoenix to Flagstaff, and this is the  only song that camel-jockey of a bus driver played as he ground his gears  through the mountains in the black-as-pitch Arizona night. You could say it  made an impression! &quot;Now your messin' with a son of a b....&quot;
0440539811|1.0|I hate to swim against the tide here, but this is a book for real intellectual lightweights. The book has fun passages but as a work is about as profoundly simple as they get. The question of whether reality is an illusion and consciousness a disease has been handled with much more  erudition by better, funnier authors. As far as pure satire goes, try  Douglas Adams first - he's funnier and less pretentious. If you're in that  'atheist/modernist/whateverist' school of thought, Pynchon answers this  question much better in his novels (and he came up with the 'KCUF' joke  first).<br />And if you found the seventh grade epistemology in this book  profound, well, you probably also thought 'The Matrix' was  intellectual.<br />In a bigger sense Umberto Eco solved the problem this  trilogy asks in a much more profound and interesting opus, 'Foucault's  Pendulum.' The difference? In 'Pendulum', the conspirator is the insane  one.
B00000JCB2|5.0|limp bizkit and da crew are just awesome. nooki is da best song ever. there other albums rocked but this is by far da best.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I can't stop listening to this CD ... just can't get enough of it.  I loved the title track song the very first time I heard it on the radio.  I was shocked ... I couldn't believe it was actually Cher ... the &quot;Sonny  &amp; Cher&quot; lady.  Wow ... absolutely incredible!!  I've listened to  this CD every day since I first purchased it two months ago.  I can listen  to the title track a million times and never get tired of it.  The music  and lyrics synchronize to product such a perfect song. Thanks a million,  Cher!  I Believe! I Believe!  Please, hurry up with a follow-up album.  I  can't wait!
0393317552|5.0|A great book to read. If I was to tell you to read a book about plant and animal domestication, environmental effects on life, and geography. You would probably say &quot;boring&quot;. Well this book is anything but  boring and really sheds light on the beginning of human life and why some  cultures got a head start in dominating the world we live in. Guns, Germs,  and Steel are really the end results of what the book talks about.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Isn't it funny when you get a new cd and you listen to it for the first time and you absolutely hate it?  But then after you listen to it a couple of times, you love it?  This cd is a perfect example...the only song I  liked at first was &quot;What's my Age Again.&quot;  Now I can listen to  the whole cd straight through without skipping songs.  I love it!
B000003493|4.0|Living in the U.K.,Sixties American music was represented by what we heard on the BBC and Radio Luxembourg-occasionally the pirate radio stations skimmed the talent of American bands. How good it was to hear this CD.  &quot;Lies&quot; would have slotted into any of the Beatles earlier albums.  &quot;Psychotic Reaction&quot; was first-rate.(Is this the same number that  the Yardbirds recorded?) Anyway, both versions are extremely good.  &quot;Open my Eyes&quot; and &quot;Journey to the Centre of the Mind&quot;,  captured the essence of the psychadelic Sixties. The Easybeats have two  great tracks: &quot;Friday on my Mind and &quot;Heaven and Hell&quot;.  Although Australian, their music see-saws between the best of American and  British. &quot;Wild Thing&quot;. Everyone knows the quality of this hit. As  for the Monkees...Superb! &quot;Pleasant Valley Sunday&quot; and  &quot;Valeri&quot;:days of my youth. Saturday,late afternoon, watching the  television, lemonade and sandwiches and of course the Monkees...ah, what a  Daydream Believer!
B000002JSZ|5.0|Like Fly on the Wall, this is often overlooked. It's a little short but I think it is one of their best post-Bon efforts.
6304508611|5.0|Carrie is was so well done. Sissy Specek was born for this role. It brings out the evil you.  You actually will cheer during the prom scene where she gets her revenge.
0783229011|5.0|Just the cutest, most heart-warming movie you ever saw!  I watch it whenever I'm in a down mood and it brings me up immediately!  Ferdinand the Duck deserves his own movie!
B00000IOSU|5.0|Excellent *live* recordings. &quot;Path of Thorns&quot; is one of my favorite tracks. It ranks with Pink Floyd's Pulse as one of my favorite Live Albums. &quot;Mary&quot; and 2 other tracks are available on a special  edition CD (only one vendor sells), probably they'll appear on single  releases soon. Only thing that could have made it better if if the tracks  were from one or two concerts, rather than a mix (with a pause between  tracks)... oh okay, I'm spoiled by Pink Floyd's live albums.
0880793082|5.0|These cards are to be absorbed unto the midst of the mind, if one is an Adept. Clairvoyancy is a faculty to be developed by prolonged exploration in the Astral Plane; this would indeed be the most ultimate method to gain insight into the meaning of the pack. Women have the highest potential for  using the Tarot, as long as study is assimilated prior to usage. I would  suggest studying -- as opposed to mere reading -- The Book of Thoth, as  this is the most advanced guide of the Cards.
6301647734|5.0|I became a huge Jimmy Stewart fan when he died because they gave all his movies on TCM. I saw this movie and it made me feel so warm inside and happy to be alive. I appreciate these great classic movies even though I'm  only 17 and I think everybody should buy these movies especially if they're  Jimmy Stewart movies.
6304398395|5.0|It's a shame that Robert Downey cannot find more scripts like Chaplin.  This film proved to me that if Downey can set his mind on more positive things. He could could create magic like he did in Chaplin.  He definitely  deserved the Oscar nomination.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Aside from the &quot;classic&quot; CB sound of &quot;Let Forever Be&quot; (another variation on &quot;Tomorrow Never Knows,&quot; but hey, if you're going to try to emulate a track, might as well go for the best), this album  really is somewhat of a departure for the only other dance act (besides  Underworld) who can pull off a respectable, cohesive, talent-displaying  album (as opposed to a collection of singles and remixes).  I was  astonished by the abundance of straight ahead 4/4 beats here, and the  production is immaculate, sometimes bordering on TOO clean.  Still, it's  not fair to base an opinion on what has come before (i.e. the genius of the  early singles and &quot;Dig Your Own Hole&quot;)--we need to ask if  &quot;Surrender&quot; can stand on its own as an entertaining, rewarding  piece of work.  Of course it can--the Chemicals CARE about the music they  make, and it shows in all of the tracks here, each of which has an  individual beauty as well as a link to the rest of the music on the album.   Best tracks are &quot;Music: Response&quot; (nice and bleepy), &quot;Out of  Control&quot; (good to hear Bernard Sumner on a straight ahead dance  track--can't wait for the rumored Sasha mixes), and &quot;Hey Boy Hey  Girl&quot; (my personal favorite and a MONSTER groove).  Lots of surprises,  but the beats you count on are there--twisted yet again by a group that  continues to blur the (artificial) boundaries between electronic music and  ear-pleasing pop.
B000002UY5|5.0|Like most people I purchased this CD for the single &quot;No Rain&quot;. At first I was disappointed because the rest of the tracks didn't sound anything like &quot;No Rain&quot; so I buried at the bottom of my CD  collection.  However, when I dug it up a few months later it instantly  became one of my favorites of all time. It has a unique sound that fuses  hard rock, grunge, funk, folk, etc. underscored with really great guitar  work and distinctive vocals. Buy this CD!
B000001FFJ|5.0|This album has been reviewed and analyzed to death.  It's brilliant, no doubt about it, and is  possibly Waits' finest work.  I'd have paid twice the price just for the song &quot;Time&quot;.  Listen to that sond at three  in the morning when you're feeling a little down and it's guaranteed to  bring tears to your eyes. The sound, the mood, the lyrics....&quot;and  you're east of East St. Louis and the wind is making speeches, and the rain  sounds like a round of applause&quot;....Waits takes you with him on his  journey through the seedier parts of the world, and of your mind.
0790733900|5.0|A classic film about life in a southern chain gang. The part that kept me amused yet sick to my stomach was watching Paul Newman trying to eat fifty hard boiled eggs.  It couldn't tell if he was really sick to his stomach or  just good acting.
B00000J8EK|2.0|...I am currently disappointed with this release.  For any other artist, this could be a four-star album, but for the Chemicals, this album lacks the excitement and audio-candy amazement of Dig Your Own Hole.  It's not  that the songs are bad, it's just that they are rather lackluster and  repetitive compared to their other works (especially the whole second half  of Hole).  It's unfortunate that the Chemicals didn't include the two  B-sides on the &quot;Hey Boy Hey Girl&quot; 12&quot;--those songs are more  reminscent of the classic Chemical style and may even get some play next  time I spin.
B000002672|2.0|I wanted to like this so much but I just cannot, the songs and sound are so weak. For pure heavy metal from Accept the best it gets buy Restless &amp; Wild, Balls to the Wall and Metal Heart, I cannot comment on any others (except Breaker some good songs but poor sound).
6304025831|5.0|Casino is an interesting film considering the fact you have to stay on your toes when it comes to the plot.  Robert DeNiro, Sharon Stone and Joe Pesci are great as wanna be gangster.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit simply kicks and rocks all on one CD.  This is their best yet, beacause this made me a true Limp Bizkit fan. Limp Bizkit is all about their fans, they know why they're big, and they show it on this CD.  If you  have an ear, you simply must have this CD.  This is inspiration in a jewel  case.
6301095294|5.0|I found Magical Mystery Tour interested and well done.  It looks like a well-done home movie.  Although it does drag in the middle. It has a kind Monty Python flare to it.  My favorite songs were Fool on a Hill and I am  the Walrus.
B00000AFGM|4.0|picture this, i'm 30something, educated, two kids, live in suburbia, etc ad noseum(sp?) and i find that this album allows a release of tension in me that no other does justice to. i don't care if he/it is a sellout or not.  the music rattles my bones, just the way i like it.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|Obviously Jennifer has a marketing machine supporting her. There is no doubt that she is going to be one of the next graduating classes of divas because of the kind of backing that she has. I like her music but I agree  with other reviews that she needs a little instruction on how to use her  instrument(her voice). If she chooses to stick with a music career there is  no doubt that she will learn how to better use her voice. Ciria is a good example of a Latin artist with an excellent  voice.
B000005JA8|5.0|Actually, I can only give this album four-and-a-half stars. It is filled with great songs, but the lyrical sections in between like the ones on &quot;Pena&quot; are symbols of what Beefheart and his band really were: a  bunch of kids trying to fool around.
B00000ILDF|3.0|Despite much of the criticism I think this is a good solid film on its own. The people who don't like it are the ones who wanted more of Cameron's &quot;guns in space.&quot; If you look at Alien 3 on its own, and don't  compare it to Aliens, it is a dark, involving ride through a haunted house.  <br />I really enjoyed this on DVD as it takes full advantage of the unique  lighting and interesting visuals. Unfortunately DVD also emphasizes the  poor quality of some of the animated sequences with the Alien. I have to  agree with another reviewer on how cartoonish the creature looks during  some of the scenes where it is running on the ceiling.<br />I would have liked  to see more features on the DVD like we saw in Alien and Aliens, especially  deleted scenes. I don't understand why that was omitted from this one when  clearly extra time was take with the first two.<br />This is an impressive  film if judged on its own merits and I like it more each time I see it. The  mood is very different than Aliens, but is very engaging. Not the best of  the 4, but a worthy addition to the series.
B00000251N|5.0|This music has a power which can stand alone from the movie.  Neil Diamond's powerful and sensuous voice conveys perfectly the intensity and meaning of the original scores by Lee Holdridge.  An excellent choice of  music to help someone of any philosophy appreciate the meaning of Bach's  book.
6302797586|5.0|My husband has been wanting to own this movie for over 20 years... sure wish it was affordable.  I'm sure he would see it over and over (ask me how many times he's seen The Dirty Dozen...dozens of times)! Make it viewer  affordable or run it again so we can at least tape it. From TX viewer.
6305470464|4.0|I really enjoyed the movie, it is not one of the best in the world, but it merits a good rating. Sean Connery gives an amazing preformance.  For all you X-Files fans: this is your chance to see Gillian Anderson in a  major role outside of Scully.  This movie is for anyone who likes to  watch realistic, funny and sad movies.
0792153189|5.0|This movie is wonderful. It is full of action. The reason itis great is it is clean which it doesn't have alot of profanity. Also it is action-packed and full of surprises and is a heart-warming must-see!
B000002H2H|5.0|Every time I hear &quot;Turn the Page&quot; or the pathetic 'Hero of the Day&quot; or my car radio, I immediately slap &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; tape in to conteract the bad vibes. Before the sellout,  Metallica was one of the best. Ride the Lightning, For Whom the Bell   Tolls, and Creeping Death will knock your head in.
B000002MY3|5.0|My brother (who is 45) tuned me into Alanis...am I ever glad he did.  She is an &quot;Original&quot; and a &quot;Classic&quot; in a cookie cutter society of music! Its in your face lyrics...no punches pulled.  The whole  range of emotions are covered in this cd...don't pass it up!
0780619668|5.0|I loved this movie, and who is that crazy little guy who accompanies Brando wherever he goes?  He looks just like Karen's dog, Zoonie.  Don't miss this movie for this reason alone.
6300214435|4.0|Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is without question one of the most exhausting action films ever done.  Virtually all of its elaborate action sequences strive to top one another in power and spectacle, and they darn  near succeed in topping one another.<br />Therein, though, lies the film's  weakness.  It is much darker (thanks, of course, to exceptionally well done  photography) and more sadistic than the two Indy films that sandwich IJTOD.   By far the grossest scene comes when Mola Ram, the leader of the  literally-underground cult of Indian terrorists The Thugee, rips the heart  out of a sacrifice victim.  <br />The film's extremely harrowing child slave  labor angle is also a double-edged sword; it is brutal even by Hollywood  standards (and in fact contributed to Steven Spielberg's later advocacy of  the PG13 rating), but it also provides greater effect in the film's  extremely long closing fight.<br />Harrison Ford and Ke Huy Quan shine as Indy  and &quot;his little bodyguard,&quot; Short Round.  Quan steals the show  almost from start to finish.  Getting in their way is the annoying Kate  Capshaw, a Hong Kong nightclub singer (she belts out Anything Goes in  Chinese at the start!) in the employ of Chinese gangsters.  Capshaw is a  horrible actress and manages to prove it with her whiney performance as  Willie Scott.<br />The film's action combines the bruising, vicious hand to  hand combat of First Blood with an exhilarating minecar rollercoaster  chase, a mountain waterfall, and a frightening collapse of a mountain  bridge, all scenes reminiscent of Superman The Movie.  Such scenes remain  among the wildest ever put to film.<br />The only major flaw as far as  production goes is the weak music of John Williams.  The music lacks the  edge that Jerry Goldsmith or Alan Silvestri often provide in their scores;  Temple Of Doom works better with Goldsmith's First Blood and Total Recall  scores than with Williams.<br />Nonetheless, Indy Jones goes through hell and  back in his most exciting adventure.
B000000T01|3.0|Having also seen this movie in the theater (at least three times) and the original video release, the latest version of this rock-umentary is disappointing.  Not only did I not notice any extra footage as was  advertised, but several segments were editted down.  Particular key  highlights of the film (A Quick One and the very beginning of Won't Get  Fooled Again) should have remained untouched!  Real Who fans deserve  better!
B000002KKS|5.0|NOBODY...They say that life's a  Carousel...Spinning faster than a rising Well...The World Is Full Kings &amp; Queens,That Blind Your Eyes &amp; Steal Your Dreams...IT'S HEAVEN &amp; HELL...OH  WELL..........FOOL..FOOL...............Poetry,Music,&amp; a GRIP on the  metaphysical... Buy it &amp; LISTEN to it...This record might change your  life...IF YOU DARE !!
B000002UB3|5.0|Almost as good as the white albu
0307120007|5.0|Dorothy Kunhardt has written many books for children.  This one lets children play with two of it's charachters named Paul and Judy.  The reader can do things like pat the bunny, feel Daddy's scratchy face, and read  Judy's book. Parents will help their babies do these things as they read.   My copy of the bunny no longer has it's fur, and Judy no longer has her  book, but as of now, I have bought at least 2 copies of it.  Now please ask  the publisher to re-print Little Pee-Wee the Circus Dog, by the same  author.
B0000024IE|4.0|i don't listen to any rap or hiphop, but i bought this album after watching Do the Right Thing (great movie).  The album is really great.  it has variety, unlike most rap today.  Listen to it on headphones because of  all the cool funny noises you can hear.  Just a little too long, though.  I  usually listen to the first ten tracks as a whole, and then the last ten  tracks as a whole.  it works very well that way.
B0000024JN|5.0|If I were trapped on a desert island, and could only have 5 cd's to listen to, this would be one of them.  This album is a refreshing blend of teen angst, funky beat, and wry humor.  It came out in 1986, and I to this day I  don't know anyone who doesn't turn the radio up when &quot;You gotta  fight&quot; comes on.
B000002GQG|5.0|Who but the Moody Blues and Tony Clarke could have created such a wonderful listening experience!  Gold Disc notwithstanding, the technical purity that existed in the later 60's shows up here... yet, we cannot  escape the clarity of vision from the sincere and humble songwriters.  A  visionary work of magical and mysterious art... the music industry took  notice and many copy cats were born of this talent.
B00000J8EK|5.0|LET FOREVER BE. LETS BREAK THIS DOWN. THE CHEMICAL BROS NEED A HIT SONG. ENTER NOEL. RESULT,ONE HIT SONG AND IN TURN A GREAT ALBUM. ITS HARD TO BELIEVE THAT JUST ONE HUMAN BEING CAN HAVE AN EFFECT ON A WHOLE ALBUM WITH  JUST ONE SONG, YET THE PROOF IS IN THE PUDDING. ONE WOULD THINK THAT THEY  WOULD HAVE TO BUY MULTIPLE COPIES OF VANILLA ICE'S NEW ALBUM TO BE  SATISFIED, BUT TAKE IT FROM ME, GET SURRENDER.PEACE, LOVE, AND NEEDLES.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is what all CDs should aspire to. Sixteen great songs, all fitting together as an album. By far the best debut album I've ever heard.
080013558X|5.0|I am almost 18 years old and I have been watching this movie since I was a baby. My parents took me to see it in the theater when it came out and I haven't stopped watching it since. I know the movie by heart. Every song,  every word. Now I am sharing it with my little brother and sister and they  love it just as much as I did when I was little. I am seeing my excitement  as a kid replayed in their eyes. This movie is great, it's a must-buy for  children of all ages and sizes.
B000002B35|5.0|the music gets better and better,there is life after roger waters.its been a few years since this album was released, but like them all you just don`t get tired of listening to them,and if you have the video and surround  sound, its just like being there. so, whats next? a greatest hits album of  the greats, but in instrumentals only? can`t wait
0767815343|1.0|If you have nothing to do, better than watching a dark, biased  and totally boring movie then go ahead, waste your money and time. I wonder how the members of the Academy give these guys an Oscar.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I thought that this CD was a great, funny CD. It was the best yet from them and I've listened to it non-stop since I have bought it. Adam's Song and Going Away to College show that the band is maturing, but they are  still their same old-selves and know how to have a good time!
0964385619|1.0|This is a book that makes only a few points and takes forever to get to those points.  Totally unnecessary long worded stories, lots of page-filling graphs and attempts to bash the rich.  This books seems to be  targeted to people wanting to be rich but hating the already rich.  There  are many other, better books out there that provide sound financial advice,  don't waste your money with this book.
B00000IQV1|5.0|This movie was truly magical. The acting of Robin Williams is truly amazing...the story blends sadness, love, happiness, laughter, and joy...a great movie for all...enjoy
B00000JCEC|4.0|Ringo Starr's TIME TAKES TIME includes no fewer than five excellent tracks: &quot;In A Heartbeat,&quot; &quot;Weight Of The World,&quot; &quot;I Don't Believe You,&quot; &quot;Don't Go Where The Road Don't  Go&quot; and &quot;After All These Years,&quot; the latter two co-composed  by Ringo.  TIME TAKES TIME's blend of first-rate pop, rock and country  makes for what this long-time fan considers the drummer man's best album.   Starr avoided his past tendency to use both superstar (including other  ex-Beatles) musician-songwriters and remakes of classic oldies for this  1992 CD and came up with a gem the public missed.  I thought it was out of  print, but now I see Amazon's offering TIME TAKES TIME for a bargain price.   Get it.
B00000IL1K|2.0|The type of songs on this album are nothing like the ones on Time to Say Goodbye.  They're neither beautiful nor romantic.  They sound very new age-ish and don't complement her beautiful voice.  Instead of trying to mix  a contemporary/pop flavor to her songs, she should stay with the more  classical ones.  The songs on this album do not leave you feeling inspired  or wanting for more.
0767825411|5.0|This movie has it all.  Great writing from Harold Ramis and Dan Aykroyd, great directing from Ivan Reitman, and great acting from Harold Ramis, and Bill Murray.
0792838068|5.0|This movie is one very well told story of an alcoholic on the edge. He loses his job, burns all his personal possesions and heads out to Las Vegas to have one last hurrah. The plot might sound overly deppressing, but the  film is not. It's a great film with great acting,directing and very good  cinematography. Nicolas Cage and Elizabeth Shue are the center here as the  bluesy couple who bond with eachother. I found this film to be a very  haunting and a realistic portrayal of a man who is corrupted by his own  alcoholism.
6304167660|5.0|The AFI has recently released it's list of American's 100 greatest films.  I have seen 86 of those films.  I must admit that Beautiful Girls is as entertaining as any one of those films.  Natalie Portman and Timothy Hutton  give performances that rival Bogart and Bergman's in 'Casablanca'and Gable  and Leigh's in 'Gone with the Wind.'  For any movie buff, this film is not  to be missed.
6302969352|5.0|There is one stunning image in this perfect film that has remained with me all my life for its sheer poetry. It's where the samurai archer draws his bow at the approaching horde.  It is my single favorite moment in the  movies, just because it is so gorgeous. Such a glory of the human figure,  and only one of many Kurosawa satori moments.
6302516919|3.0|Yes, I did like the movie, it was filled with action and suspense, but it did not give Stephen King's novel justice.  Do yourself a favor, buy the book.
B000002UAX|3.0|Here's where they fall apart.  The songs are intentionally slight, and hearing such talented musicians expend their energies on &quot;Rocky Racoon&quot; or &quot;Piggies&quot; (or &quot;Revolution No. 9&quot; or  &quot;Honey Pie&quot; or &quot;Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da,&quot; etc.) is  depressing.<br />If you want to hear this sort of thing pulled off, check out  Bob Dylan and the Band's &quot;Basement Tapes.&quot;
B00000IQMT|5.0|This meaningful and expressive music is a must for any and all Star Wars fans, new or old. You are not a true Star Wars fan unless the music reaches way down into you and makes you thirsty for more Anakin, Luke, Leia,  Obi-Wan, and Darth Vader. This music does just that. A beautiful  composition by John Williams, this soundtrack is definitely worth the small  amount of cash it askes for.
B000000W5L|5.0|And that means maybe the best ever.  A veritable journey through the American musics that created rock 'n roll, from Robert Johnson to gospel to country.  No obvious hits, unless you count &quot;Tumblin' Dice,&quot; but  a record that gets better each time you listen.
6300163431|5.0|Mickey Rourke is SEXY! The plot was terrific!   Together, a gotta see movie!!
B000002L71|5.0|The most infectious album they ever put out.  Your body doesn't stop moving until the music does.  I wish the CD included all of the tracks the movie contained.  I'd kill for a DVD of this event.  It is what live albums  are supposed to be.
B0000009SE|4.0|A very underrated album. I just love the long jams in Big Swifty and Waka/Jawaka. The melodies at the begining of those two are very interesting if you listen closely. I love how the akward bass part for Waka/Jawaka was  incorperated. The interplay between the instruments during those jams are  incredible. Very jazzy of an album. Your Mouth and IJMba1SD are good songs  to add variation to the album. I love the steel guitar solo in IJMba1SD. If  you are a jazz enthusiest and like other stuff by Zappa, this album is for  you. It has the musical genius of Zappa worked into some all out jazz jams.
6305451591|5.0|I have seen this movie about 12 times and im 14. im not one to cry at movies but this movie had a way about it that made it soo remarkable. It was just a wodnerful you cant relaly describe it. But i honestly think they  are ruining a masterpeice by dubbing it in English it will ruin the affect  it has on the movie. But tahts my opinion. everyone should see it. ROBERTO  AND NICOLETTA ROCK!
B00000761W|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums. Nowadays David Coverdale is remembered as the leader of a hair band. But in the past, Whitesnake was a whole different band, with Moody, Marsden and Murray... they played blues rock  with a very personal sound. All the people who love listening to honest  music and hate pop music should listen to this album... Fool for your  loving, Blindman, Aint gonna cry no more... all the songs are great.
B000003AEB|5.0|When you talk about rap this is it.In my opinion and many other peoples the phatest rap album ever waxed you never hear any complaints about doggystyle
B000005KB9|4.0|Dave Grohl and the Foo Fighters are proving to be a worthy successor to fill Nirvana's shoes. But, don't buy this album if you just want more Nirvana, because the Foo Fighters have their own style which is very  evident on this album. &quot;Everlong&quot; &quot;See You&quot; and  &quot;My Hero&quot; are standouts. Grohl has a real sense of melody and is  able to weave it into the amazing guitar riffs. Also: If you like this  album, PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE Find a way to listen to their cover of Gary  Numan's &quot;Down in the Park&quot; on the X-Files Songs in the Key of X  Inspired by blah blah Soundtrack. It will BLOW YOU AWAY.
0800141601|4.0|I have seen this movie about ten times. I discovered it while teaching a leadership class in the summer of 1995 when my students (adult/graduate) mentioned that many of the themes we were discussing in class were depicted  on the screen. I was skeptical until I viewed it myself to validate it was  quite true. Subsequently, my students have seen it over the last four years  <br />I have read most of the reviews of this movie and agree with those that  suggest it's a great romance with a very good plot and music score.  However, for me it is a study of contrasting leadership styles that allows  us insight into our own struggles. Each primary character draws us into a  style of leadership that gives us a view of contrasting styles and  responses. The script shows us &quot;good&quot; and &quot;evil&quot; forces  that require leadership responses from authoritarianism to laze-faire. Each  style is shown through a different character and is demonstrated with human  flaws. Leadership based on courage and character however are demonstrated  as the most viable and the understanding of vision is strongly demonstrated  by the nature of Camelot. I want to applaud this movie and the people who  made it as being one of the best tools I have used to teach leadership. It  is truly amazing that a contemporary movie with decent star quality  characters would do such a high service. Thank you!
B000001GBJ|5.0|This was an accidental purchase, or was it?  I think I was meant to hear this music.  It is soooo beautiful.  It is only surpassed by the next album White Stones, which is even more beautiful.  The melodies, the  orchestrations, the soulfullness of the artists.  It's all heaven.  My most  favorite music of all.  It will make you appreciate being alive to hear  something like this.
6300151379|5.0|The characters and storyline pull you in.  David Bowie was perfect!  It saddens me to find out that the reason I have not been able to find and purchase this movie is because it is not available.  Re-release this  classic.  After watching Labyrnith agian (30th..no..40th time),about a year  ago, we descided to name our baby Pug &quot;Sir Dydemus.&quot;  He was  afraid of nothing!!  He's lived up to his namesake!  Also, it is very  frustrating when we rent this movie, and most of the tapes are wearing out  and end up being poor quality!  The stores can't even re-order to replace  the bad tapes.  I agree with most of the people who have commented on this  insane situation.  Most of the kids(some adults)I've talk to have not seen  this wonderful story.  Mainly because thay can never find it or the stores  copies went bad.  OK, OK, I'll get off my soapbox after my friend(who also  quotes Labyrinth) says, &quot;Shut up! You shut up!&quot; -Despretly  seeking the Labyrinth, Arizona
B000001ES4|5.0|Absolutely beautiful.  The compositions and the musicianship reach out and caress your spirit like no other.  My favorite music of all time.  I have them all.
0790735172|5.0|This is the best martial arts film ever made, hands-down.  I've seen it more times than I can count.
B000001A3H|1.0|...another one-dimensional band with a single sound that they flog to death.
B000000H3Z|5.0|This album is one of ten i could not go on living without. If i could only pick ten albums to hear the rest of my life, this is one of them. If you like serious hard core thrash, this is the definition to your collection.  Most music is dwarfed by this albums power and emotion.
B00000IBRX|5.0|I agree with everyone that stated this movie was depressing.  It affected me that way too.  However the subject of dying is something we all have to face, and wouldn't it be wonderful to have the chances these people had?   As far as Mr. Williams acting, I was in awe.  He seems so genuine and  heartfelt, I'd like to think he's like this in real life.
B000001FA4|5.0|I certainly feel that this is one of the greatest albums recorded of all time. &quot;Unforgettable's&quot; breakthough and unique sound has made it a timeless masterpiece. Bono's vocals are by far his most passionate and  powerful. Edge's guitar is nothing short of brilliant. Even after 15 years  of listing to this record, I still get chills.
B00000IO4I|5.0|Not just a &quot;movie version&quot; of a stage play, Little Voice is really a MOVIE. It uses the language of film to enhance the already brilliant telling of the story. I happen to be a huge fan of Brassed Off,  Full Monty and lots of other &quot;brit-flicks&quot;, and this is as good  as any of 'em. Horrocks is tremendous - Ewan M. gives a sensitive  performance as the 'love interest', and Michael Caine is over-the-top  brilliant. I don't see it as a depressing movie at all! It seemed  hopefully, happy and sweet. Maybe some of the other reviewers only want  &quot;american&quot; style movies - guy meets girl, guy loses girl, guy  shoots a bunch of guns, and guy gets girl - but those of us who still think  Shakespeare is something more than a fishing reel are continually on the  lookout for gems like this!
B00000J7S8|5.0|A fine album of new and classic jazz tunes, well produced and Diana's talent shines through once again.  A must for any jazz music enthusiast!
0784011176|5.0|pack up your bags and check us out--the birds, the beaches, the beeches, the mud--it's all real.<br />I wouldn't dare make a critical judgement on the story line--it's preposterous, but plausible. (To this day I don't believe  Anna Paquin, herself, has seen the whole film.)
0385493800|2.0|I normally find his books, if not particularly good writing at least entertaining.  I found this piece to be particularly thin with the plot structure and the character development.  I had to work hard to complete  the reading of this novel.  I did not know enough about the major  characters and therefore did not develop any interest what happened to  them.  I also found all the characters to be very one-sided, either very  good or very bad and that to me is not good writing.  What captivates my  interests are characters who a little of both, because that is what makes  them complex, and that is what makes them interesting.
078322737X|5.0|Great songs. Great cars. Great movie. (Make sure you order &quot;Animal House&quot; at the same time as this one. They're a pair.)
B0000026NC|1.0|This album reminds me of those cheap &quot;Chubby Checker Live&quot; albums released on no name labels.  It is a poorly recorded performance of a band that bring new meaning to the old Memorex slogan &quot;Is it Live or  Is it Memorex?&quot;  The songs plod along.  As for the accompaning video,  it has the same affect as someone telling you a story they find vastly  amusing only to see your reaction and say, &quot;you had to be there.&quot;  The video only makes you realize the real stars of a floyd show are the  stuff going on around the band.  No amount of flying inflatables can  distract from the lifeless note for note performances of Floyd.<br />Horrible.  Just buy the studio recordings.  Two live albums and two  mediocre studio albums.  Can't Gilmour just survive on royalties?
6301966015|5.0|to never again arrive late for the beginning. When I saw this film for the first time I was four minutes late for the start. Biiiiiig mistake, which taught me my big lesson. I had to infer the beginning from the film's  ending, but the hole at the beginning became a haunting lacuna in my  life.<br />I didn't have a chance to see the film again for twenty years (I  did *not* miss the beginning this time) but I found myself unable to shake  from my memory the lacuna. And, of course, that's what the film is  about--all the pieces that are missing.
B000002C1X|3.0|This is, judging by the semi literate reviews I'm reading, still the ultimate high school album.  But let's face it, the album's a downer.  Lots of songs about how much Roger Water's life as a child of the war and a  veteran of a rock band really sucks.  The album used to have some hidden  meaning to me.  I thought it was so great.  Now, 12 years after I first  purchased a copy.........  Not so good.  To me, The Final Cut (which few  Floyd fans seem to like) was much more genuine in its rage and fury.  As  for other comments here, SKIP DIVISION BELL AND MOMENTARY LAPSE OF REASON.  These are PINK FRAUD!  Dark Side of the Moon remains their best album.  Take it from me kids, this is a band you will grow out of.  But enjoy them  while you can.  Can anyone comment on how the remaster sounds??
B00000J8EK|1.0|Anticipation for this albumn was great... popped it in the player and said WHAT! where's the good stuff... this whole albumn put me to sleep... no beats but the 4/4... too many vocals and no BUG-OUT --- the only song that  comes close to makin' you groove is &quot;under the influence&quot; which  will probably be the only song i will ever listen to again from this disc.   Do your self a favor - save the $15 bucks and listen to their old stuff...  it kicks the crap out of this!
B000003TA9|5.0|this is by far my favorite sonic youth album ever. recording with no-fi was the best thing they've ever done. from the fast-with-a-slow-feel &quot;100%&quot;,to high speed adreniline pumpers like &quot;purr&quot;(my  favorite on the album), this album kicks ass all the way through. highly  recommended, its worth the buy.    THURSTON MOORE IS MY GOD!!!!!
B000002H72|5.0|The most wonderful album ever made. Every song is an anthem
B00000IBVC|5.0|I have never seen anything like this performance. WOW
B00000IQV2|5.0|I feel that this movie is one of Robin Williams' best.  He has the wherewithall to make one laugh one minute, and cry the next.  I did a lot of both.  The feeling in Robin Williams' face tells a lot without words.  I  will watch this movie again and again.
0792833686|5.0|Still one of the best musicals ever made on film.  The break in the dance was always there.  At one time the rumor was that it was an edit demanded by the censors.  But recently co-director Stanley Donen said that it wasn't  any such thing.
B00000IOSU|5.0|i have most of Sarah's cd's and her music is inspirational and heart-felt i love mirrorball and everyone should buy it!!!
B00000I7AJ|4.0|I really like this cd, It took me a few listens to get really into it. Once inside I found the complexed music writing style of Jon Schaffer and the unbelivable vocals of Matthew Barlow. The whole cd is great and the  bonus track is awesome. If you liked the other cd's you'll love this one as  well. Don't miss it!!
0385493800|4.0|&quot;The Testament&quot; continues Grisham's morality push that began with &quot;The Street Lawyer.&quot;  It is only the main theme every once in a while, and at most for a long paragraph, but it detracts somewhat from  the story.<br />His writing is also worrisome at times, as Grisham is in the  habbit of using pronouns with out introducing the objects they are  describing.<br />However, &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot; is a _very_ good book.   I averaged a hundred pages a day on it, and loved every minute of it.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Anyone who is dissing this album has some serious problems.  Some of the Bass riffs are incredible.  I've never heard a band with more diversity in there music, each song is different than the one before.  Definitely worth  the money.
0871137380|5.0|As a US Army UH-60A Blackhawk aviator, as well as a former ROTC student of the commander of the &quot;Lost Convoy&quot;, this account hit me square between the eyes.  I did not put this book down for the 21 hours it took me  to fully digest it. . .cover to cover.  The author fully succeeded in  getting into the minds and emotions of all involved, from the commanders in  the rear, to the aviators and flight crewmembers in the air, to the Rangers  and Delta Force folks in the thick of it.  As I read the account, I could  not help but feel my blood boil for those in power who placed these sons  and daughters of America in such a predicament.  Although the mission was  indeed a success, was the cost really worth it?  For the US casualties,  which not only included the dead and wounded, but also the military careers  of good officers and Non-commissioned officers, was the benefit really  worth the cost?  Again, this book is something that all those in leadership  positions and their staffers need to fully digest before getting on the  bandwagon of &quot;saber rattling&quot; and sending America's sons and  daughters into harm's way.
B000002I25|5.0|For the most part this album this album is one of the greatest pieces of music ever, with little exception.  The End may be the ballad of all rock songs and blows away anything that the Beatles ever did to shock the  audience, simply because unlike Lennon and the rest of the Brits, Morrison  was always that messed up and it was always real to him.
6303430570|5.0|very low budget very black and white ,very hillarious!!!
B0000025SB|5.0|This disc truly explored a deep seeded hatred for government and war, yet it is wonderful to listen to and even better to chill to.  This is one of my favorite discs for the summer time and it always sounds better louder  than hell.
6305265488|5.0|What a roar!  A classic child adored fable snags the attention of an older audience!  Wonderful cast of characters and great screen play. The simple little twist added to Ever After made Cinderella more interesting! Two very  enthusiastic thumbs way up on the movie!
B000000H42|5.0|This album is really too good to describe with words,but I will give a short descriptions.Every song is an absolute masterpiece,I can't emphasize enough how original the vocals,riffs,and style of the songs is.These guys  really are the master riff writers as shown in &quot;A Dangerous  Meeting&quot;, &quot;Desecration of Souls&quot;,&quot;Gypsy&quot;,and every  other song! So much work was put into this album,you can tell they took  their time with these complex arrangements because there are all kinds of  leads going on almost throughout whole songs! It's not just one lead,it'll  be a lot of duel stuff too.I definetely think you should get this  remastered disc if you only have the old one,it is so much more vibrant and  clear.The production here is excellant,it gives everything a unique sound  and you can hear all the instruments(the bass is great,much like Steve  Harris).It's not as clear as Melissa though,that one is an all-time leader  in clear sound!
0380973464|3.0|I'm a big fan of Stephenson's, but this book disappointed me- loved the cryptography bits, the characters, and the intergenerational interweaving plot line, but the math and tangental meanderings seemed very  self-indulgent and in need of editing.  And what was with all the typos in  the book?  Not to be a total stickler, but a printed work loses much when  the differentiation between their and there is absent and the publishers  apparently don't give a hoot to proof-reading properly...
6300263673|5.0|I loved the move. The best scene was when Baby and Johnny were dancing to that &quot;Lover Boy &quot; song. That was classic. Everybody should see this movie.
B00000AFGM|3.0|This is the first manson cd that has expressed any  musical capability. The songs are a lot more spaced out and melodic and for the first time they've given up that whole &quot;goth&quot; thing (good move, that image  was never gona last).  Allthough the lyrics are still more angst ridden  than a Alanis Morrisett cd, and the guys voice is like a frog, the album is  fairly catchy, with songs like &quot;The Dope Show&quot; and &quot;Rock is  Dead&quot;.  Also surprisingly manson's managed to come up with some half  way decent slow songs as well(coma white &amp; last day on earth).  I  belive manson's style now tends toward a David Bowie-ish area.  If anyones  intrested this albums out there, but take my word for it, the  &quot;goths&quot; will be disapointed.
6305171769|5.0|Ok, I didnt like the movie in general cause there are better Halloween movies, but I only gave it 5 stars becuase it had my favorite ppl in it. my #1 being Josh Hartnettt. my #2 being LL Cool J my #3 being Jamie Lee Curtis   I fyou like Halloween you will LOVE &quot;The Faculty&quot; starring Josh  hartnett,Elijah Wood,Shawn Hatosy,Jordana Brewster and Clea DuVal. I know I  luved it!!
155890641X|5.0|The first and greatest Disney animated feature. Only &quot;Pinocchio&quot; can rival this Disney classic. The story is interesting and the animation is brilliant.
B000005S5N|5.0|A fine follow-up to &quot;Hunting High and Low.&quot;  a-ha wrote and recorded this album in the midst of their 85-86 world tour and, even so, it turned out great!  &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; hasn't been matched by a pop  song in pure emotion and Harket's voice excels.  This album is well worth  the cost and then some.
6305252521|1.0|I have never been more disappointed in a film.  I was excited to watch it for i like Jim Carrey and the plot interested me.  this movie was a joke.  To believe that this guy lives for 30 years without a clue and then one day  realizes what is going on insults my intelligence.  And are we really  supposed to believe a person can live to be that old and never once leave  the town he was born in.  How ridiculous.  Jim Carrey gave a better  performance in Liar Liar and those who think he should get an oscar are  crazy.  The creators of this movie spent no effort to give us a worthwhile  movie and it is just another case of the media hyping up a movie just  because certain people are involved in it.  To say it is a good movie is  absurd.
B000002TPS|5.0|Anyone who dosen't think this album rules needs to get their thumbs out of their @$$'s and realize that Megadeth was doing something diffrent just like they've done for every album since and every album that will come.   It's heavy as hell and STILL far beyond anything Kirk Hammet and James  Hetfield could do with their Sh*tty guitar playing.  I have no favorite  song on this album because its immpossable to choose.  As of now it is  their last good album, lets not hope that is the case after AUGUST 31 when  the new album is released.
B00000IO4J|5.0|hey this is the greatest movie i have ever seen. if i could i would give it 200 stars!! I really ejoyed it becuase my 5 favotire ppl where in it! 1.) Josh Hartnett 2.) Shawn Hatosy 3.) Clea DuVall 4.) Elijah Wood 5.)  Usher  A movie not to be missed!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000000ORE|5.0|It's hard to believe this album is ten years old, for it still sounds as good today as the first time I popped it into my stereo.  Though I have outgrown a lot of the &quot;80's Hair Bands,&quot; I can always count on  Tesla to remind me of how good rock 'n roll can be. The band's diversity is  clear:  &quot;Hang Tough,&quot;  &quot;Yesterdaze Gone,&quot; and &quot;The  Way it is,&quot; all show the talent the band oozed, and songs like  &quot;Love Song,&quot; and &quot;Paradise,&quot; showed the band's softer  side.  I have seen the band live 4 times, and all of this material lent  itself perfectly to the live audience. This type of music is no longer my  first choice, but I will always hang onto this album as well as  &quot;Mechanical Resonance,&quot; and &quot;Psychotic Supper.&quot;
B000002L7Y|5.0|a-ha's first album is fantastic!  Shame on Warner and shame on all you fellow Americans who gave up on them because Warner did!  This album qualifies as the best album of the 80's (maybe Scoundrel Days?) and all you  who gave up on them surely missed out!  &quot;Living a Boy's Adventure  Tale&quot; is pure bliss!!!  But they'll be back in November!!!  a-ha is,  and always will be, the greatest pop band in the world!!!
B00000F1D3|5.0|After just getting back from Cher's concert, I can't get enough of the songs on this CD! I knew I was going to enjoy the concert because I listened to the CD first to get more familiar with the songs and  immediately fell in love with the high energy dance music and especially  loved the guitar in the beautiful spanish-influenced song, &quot;Dov-e  L'Amore&quot;.  Never really was a Cher fan, till now, and recommend anyone  to buy this CD if you like to dance.  Her voice is strong and full of  gusto...can't wait for her next release!
0452273331|5.0|This book elicited so much passion from me, that I have to say it might be the greatest novel I have ever read. The philosophy Ms Rand presents is wholly horrifying - and absolutely captivating. I found myself hating her  in one thought and filled with pure admiration for her talent the next. She  drags the reader through a whirlwind emotions not the least of which is  disgust. In the midst of a philosophy that holds selfishness as the highest  good, one is forced to admit that when presented as Ayn Rand presents it,  it makes a scary kind of sense.  It is the only book I have ever read that  made me agree and disagree with equal measure. It is truly a literary  masterpiece, and even if you cannot agree with her (which you most likely  won't) you are forced to admit the novel fully accomplishes that which it  was intended - to challenge every standard that Americans hold dear.
B00000IOSU|5.0|How can anyone not love this CD?  The way she takes the songs I have heard hundreds of times before and makes them into something new and different thrills me! &quot;Hold On&quot; is spectacular!  When I listen to her I  feel like she is actually singing the emotions that come from her heart and  transforms them into something amazing.  The live audience only adds to it  because I found myself cheering right along with them.  Sarah you are a  true artist.
0790740443|5.0|This type of movie deserves it's own genre, something like futuristic, post-apocalyptic survival.  They are a dime a dozen ... and some do try to make serious movies in this category but most would fail.  This movie  escapes that criticism and rises above for it's simplicity and genuine  characteristics.  Just watching a few scenes here and there won't tell you  much about this movie.  It's the whole package, the inhumanity of bred  soldiers, the inevitable conquest of human spirit against all odds, the  beautiful accompanying music, the details ... that will touch you.  Watch  the whole movie and watch it for what it is ... not if you in the mood for Independence Day, but instead Blade Runner.
B000002J1B|5.0|Yes at their best. &quot;The Gates of Delirium&quot; is a raw composition on the state of war. &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; is one of rock's most unique accomplishments in terms of the guitar solo and its own diverse energy.  Patrick Moraz's contribution cannot be ignored. This album is an aquired  taste that truly withstands the test of time.
0684803356|5.0|I got the book because of a recommandation and because of the cool quote.  I've read The Old Man and The Sea in High School and hated it.  But Form Whom The Bell Tolls is brilliant.<br />What impreses me about the book is how  Hemingway manages to come up with a tightly written action tale, with deep  philosophycal ideas and a great romance.<br />I've read alot, and For Whom The  Bel Tolls is my second favorite book...<br />you can't afford missing it
B00000BKI4|3.0|I bought their first album Yerself is Steam.  It is an absolutely fantastic album and is highly recommended.  This album has received lots of praise and there are a few great songs on this but the rest of it is mush.  They sound like they are getting old and stoggy. The songs &quot;Tonite it  Shows&quot; and &quot;Goddess on a Highway&quot; alone make it worth buying  but this is album is another good example of the British music press going  overboard.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Giving anything less than five stars would be an insult to this album!  Sarah McLachlan's studio recordings are beautiful in their own right, but they take on a new, emotionally-charged dimension when she performs them  live.  In fact, these versions of Possession and Sweet Surrender turned out  better than the originals in my opinion.  Anyone who loves and appreciates  McLachlan's gift for music simply cannot pass up on this one.
6305090564|1.0|I RENTED THIS MOVIE WITH NO EXPECTATIONS WHAT SO EVER IT'S ONE OF THOSE MOVIES THAT YOU RENT FOR THE HECK OF IT. FIRST OF ALL THE MOVIE WAS HOKY AND THE PLOT WAS STUPID IT HAD NO POINT WHAT SO EVER AND THERE WAS A LOT OF  OVERACTING IT GOT TO THE POINT WHERE I DID'NT CARE WHAT WAS HAPPENING TO  THE PEOPLE FAMKE JANSSEN WAS NOT VERY GOOD NOR DID SHE LOOK TO GOOD EITHER.  ABOUT THE LAST 20-30 MINS IT JUST GOT BORING. THE ONLY GOOD SIDE IS THE  MUSIC FROM JERRY GOLDSMITH BUT EVEN THAT WAS NOT EXCELLENT OR VERY GOOD IT  JUST OK THATS THE BEST THING ABOUT IT. DIRECTOR STEPHEN SOMERS CURRENT  MOVIE THE MUMMY IS AWESOME WHERE HE WENT BAD WITH THIS MOVIE I WILL NEVER  KNOW.
B000001Y16|5.0|2pac / Makaveli is tha BEST RAPPER EVER!!!! and If U want a GREAT CD..and U a 2pac fan...DONT HESITATE ta Buy this....U will like it!!.....MAKAVELI THA DON KILLUMINATI!!!!...Peep #1, #5, #11, and #12 for Hidin Stuff in tha  Background!...in #11 he says &quot;Do u see um?......I see um....IM  ALIVE&quot;....REALLY LOW!....well check it out!!
0140277447|5.0|Chang has written an accurate and gripping account of the atrocities committed by the Japanese soldiers in Nanking. The Japanese leaders and monarchy must apologize to all the Chinese people for the atrocities and  inhumane deeds that were inflicted on the Nanking citizens back in 1937.  For those who wish to find out more about this darkest period in Chinese  history, this book is strongly recommended.
6305268843|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It has so much to offer on every level.  How Elizabeth  must have felt wondering where the baby had gone, only to find her beloved daughter seven years later and still not be  able to know her the way she wanted. Also, what Charles must have gone  through in his thoughts with Amy upstairs in a coma, never to come out of  it and feeling that he must get on with his life as he is financialy about  to lose everything. The setting is almost magical and set in my favorite  time period. The chemistry between Marceau and Dillane is superb. This is a  must see for anyone who has a passion for historical romances. I wanted to  buy it asap but unfortunatly it cost a fortune.  A lingering thought is  where did they go? To start a life in America? I cant imagine any other  end, can you?
0780625129|5.0|This film is truly reality, it is not fictitious such as movies like a Time to Kill, or other movies of the same genre. After watching this movie I was not able to sleep and as I am writing this review I cannot get it out  of my mind. This is a movie that will keep you in your seat, because of the  way it flows it does not concentrate on one specific event but on a  transformation of a human being. Though this video is very graphic and some  of the scenes even border on disturbing, the viewer must look beyond that  and not get offended. Edward Norton delivers and unbelieavable performance  although I do not feel that kids should watch this movie I heavily  reccomend it to everyone else....
B00000IPAX|5.0|I love Blink182, and i love this cd
B00000J7S8|4.0|Not as good only because the orchestra overwhelms.  Her usual great piano playing is hidden, and the orchestrated cuts (7 of the 12 songs) do not swing like the tight Nat Cole trio setting cuts of 'Love Scenes'.  Russell  Malone and a great bassist like Christian McBride is all Diana needs to  convey her sumptuous talent. Please Diana, lose the orchestra and come back  to that swingin' Nat Cole sound.
068815333X|5.0|My Dennis Lehane books go out to all my friends.  They excitedly await them.  This one is no disappointment.  Please, all you readers out there, begin with book 1, and continue on to the last one.  I know you will not be  disappointed! Boston milieu.
B0000065O1|5.0|I use both of Cindy's video's and am always sore afterward.  They are both challenging and flexible and after several years I am never bored.  I am surprised that no one else noted the amount of strength in the knees needed  for The Next Challenge.  This video is not for the faint of heart and  requires one to be in good cardio/vascular shape.  Take it slow if you are  a beginner.  I also want to note that I have purchased a yoga tape recently  by Rodney Yee.  Cindy has been way ahead of the gaing!  Her warm up and  down is full of yoga type moves and stretches and is the best that I've  done or seen. Sometimes I use only this portion of her video and feel very  energized.  I do her next challenge video on Sundays and do kick boxing the  rest of the week because of the time constaints.  I highly recommend The  Next Challenge to anyone who is looking for a great all over workout (with  no equipment).  Just have the hot bath ready when you're done!
B0000035E7|3.0|Anyone who says this cd is Cobain at his purest is so mistaken. These songs are rough, some gems are there (about a girl, school), but there's a lot of filler and even more white noise. It's a good cd, but their next few  albums destroys this completely.
B00000016W|5.0|First of all I would like to admit that the Beatles are my favorite group and &quot;Revolver&quot; is my favorite album. Having stated that I must also confess my love of and admiration for &quot;Pet Sounds.&quot; This is  quite simply one of the finest recordings ever made. The debate as to which  album is 'better'--&quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; or  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot;--is as pointless as it is ridiculous. &quot;Sgt.  Pepper&quot; represents the Beatles at their creative zenith, &quot;Pet  Sounds&quot; is Brian Wilson at his. Roger McGuinn of the Byrds summed it  up best when he stated that there was a lot of  &quot;cross-pollenation&quot; of ideas between bands at that time. These  classics were not created in a vacuum. One need not dig too deeply into  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; rich tapestry of instrumentation, intricate  harmonies, and introspective lyrics to find not only the bones of  &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; but also the seeds of &quot;Sgt. Pepper.&quot;   Brian Wilson said that &quot;Rubber Soul&quot; inspired him to create  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; and Paul McCartney, in turn, credited his hearing of  &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; as the genesis of &quot;Sgt. Pepper.&quot;  It was  quite obviously a symbiotic relationship from which all fans of the Beatles  and Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys benefited. Thank you Brian for your  timeless masterpiece!
6305265496|5.0|I am a huge Drew fan and SHE, only she, could have played the PERFECT Cinderella.  No one else could have stolen your heart the way she does.  Her eyes draw you into her purity in this film.  Dougray is a newcomer that  we will see MUCH more of, I hope.  They have such chemistry together and  the acting/story line/costumes/romance ares PERFECTION! I cannot say enough  about this movie except to say, if you are into Pure and Solid romances,  this one is for you!!!!!!
6300151379|5.0|My kids are clamoring to see Labyrinth again and we can't find it anywhere.  I wonder how we get our message to the people who produce this movie??
067144901X|5.0|The cleverly rhyming storyline embellished with animal noises makes my son giggle every time.  For those of you who have a hard time getting your little one to attend to a book, this book is perfect for you.  The  illustrations are simple and don't overstimulate a child, but are colorful  enough to draw a child's attention.  The story lines are enough to amuse us  while we read the story to him.  As all of her books, this one is a keeper.
0780627016|5.0|When I rented this movie, I expected to see a spoof of the &quot;Leave it to Beaver&quot; type programming of the late 50's. Instead, I was given something much deeper. It was a movie that touched me with it's message and  its characters! See this movie!
B00000ILDE|4.0|First off, let me say that Aliens is on my Top 10 list for all time favorite movies. At one point in time I could recite the entire movie line for line. I have to admit though that I was a bit disappointed by the new  DVD version. I love all the extra behind the scenes features. I love how  they added a voice-over by Lt.Gorman on the intro. The added 17 minutes  though, in my opinion, was excessive. Some of it just seemed to slow down  the movie. I was happy to see them add the scenes regarding Ripley's  daughter and the shots between Newt &amp; Ripley when they're discussing  where babies come from. Those should have never been left out of the  original because they help establish the relationship between the two.  <BR>Sometimes, less is more.
B000002UDG|2.0|Paul McCartney has a very mellow songwriting style that seldom works to his advantage.  Only on rare ocasions does it work (No more lonely nights, band on the run), but most of the time it just drags along leaving you  waiting for the song to end.  I would have given this 3 STARs except for  its omission of &quot;Maybe i'm Amazed&quot; which is his best song.  I was  also, might i add, because of this omission that I was forced to buy his  debuet album, a new adventure in badness.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I love this cd! It's way better than 3 dolla bill. My favorite tracks are: Nookie, nobody like you, show me what you got (Cambodia with different lyrics), and 9 teen 90 nine. It kicks @$$!
B000002UC5|1.0|This is the worst cd I've ever heard.  It is incredibly boring and has no lyrical content.  The only, good, uptempo song on the entire cd is &quot;maybe I'm Amazed&quot;, which is paul McCartney's best song over his  entire carrer.  I would have give this album NO STARS if it wasn't for that  song.  The  SIX INSTUMENTALS add to the boredom of this album.  The cd does  have some musical depth but its way too boring to hold your interest.  I  recomend this album to anyone who suffers from insomnia.<br />After listening  to this you realize that John Lennon really was the talent behind the  Beatles, and that &quot;McCartney&quot; was just a pretender to the throne.
B000002AP1|2.0|This CD is not as good as you may  have heard. It's not what I would call revolutionary--terrible lyrics, inept playing, and an overall muddy sound make this nearly unlistenable. A few good moments but too much crap to slog  through.
0684867621|5.0|I had given up on King's more recent books but thought this book sounded interesting and gave it a try.  I loved it and am checking back on some other King books I missed.
B00000J7JO|5.0|The Chili Peppers really delivered on this one.  It is one of my favorite recent purchases.
079073804X|5.0|In Georgetown, A young actress [Ellen Brysten]Well her daughter becomes possessed by Pazzozu an Evil spiret of the air. Her mother doesn't beleve it but when people start to drop like flys she beleves!
B000006MV8|4.0|This is a solid English pop-rock album from the early seventies with stellar production by Todd Rundgren and George Harrison.  The songs are solid, as are the vocals and guitar work. The drumming is a bit wooden and  the bass playing unexceptional. Overall, it works well and stands as  Badfingers finest recording.  Still, they could never escape sounding like  the Beatles minor league team, one that got frequent call ups to assist in  solo Beatle projects.  Another, solid Badfinger record is ASS, which  continues to be, mysteriously, unavailable.  Recommended...Simon
0792839846|5.0|This is the greatest movie ever made. The music, setting, actors/actresses, and the sets make this the best of all movies. Rick was a better man than I. I have to be honest, I would have taken the exit visas  and Bergman and left Victor in Casablanca. But, then again, I do not have  Rick's standards.
6300185311|5.0|Rock and Doris are at their 60's romantic comedy best. Clint Walker is superbly cast as the ultra rich, magnificently handsome, old college sweetheart. He had to be bigger and prettier than Rock, and he Sure is! His  deep velvety voice is sometimes overlooked because of his striking  appearence. A treat for female eyes. Tony Randall completely steals any  scene he's in, as the pre-grieving next door neighbor and friend. Funny,  funny romp. Brings back great memories.
B00000J8EK|1.0|What happened?  No big beats here. &quot;Surrender&quot; isn't going to help their reputation as innovators, that's for sure.
0553278398|5.0|In 1988, Asimov published a prequel to his famous Foundation series. He also uses this book to continue to tie in other novels that he had already written, most notably all of the robot stories, particularly involving R.  Daneel Olivaw and Lije Baley, as well as &quot;Pebble in the Sky&quot;  (1950) (in fact, in such a larger scheme, &quot;Prelude to Foundation&quot;  follows &quot;Pebble in the Sky&quot; and precedes &quot;Forward the  Foundation&quot; (1993)). In this novel, he finally uses Hari Seldon as a  main character. A young assistant professor of mathematics, Hari Seldon,  travels to the planet Trantor (the governing planet of the galactic empire)  to present a paper at a convention on a new field he has begun referred to  as psychohistory. In his paper, Seldon suggests that it might be  theoretically possible to develop mathematical equations and techniques of  analyses to predict, with strong statistical analysis, future events of  human history on a broad scale (in which the discipline only is applicable  to extremely large numbers of people). Asimov provides some hints that this  field might use chaos theory as well, although he never uses that term.  Seldon also believes that, while theoretically possible, it isn't  practical. There are those, however, who believe that the galactic empire  is collapsing and hope to use a developed psychohistory theory to help  direct human society. Seldon finds himself running from the Emperor's  agents and hiding in various different enclaves throughout the planet  Trantor, and thus learning more and more about Trantor (those reviewers who  criticize this trek are obviously missing its importance in the greater  scheme of the series). He is attempting to find a smaller model of galactic  populations that would allow him the ability to develop his theory. There  are legends that tens of thousands of years ago, man had lived on only one  planet: Earth. He is hoping to find some historical evidence for Earth and,  in sodoing, he discovers some surprising facts and events. I am probably  unusual in that I enjoyed this book the most in the series. Perhaps its  because I also live in an academic environment and see many similarities to  Hari's problems. Asimov was obviously drawing on his own experiences.
6300151379|5.0|This is the ONLY movie I've ever seen that I liked David Bowie in - and he's great! Jim Henson's crew has done an excellent job in creating a mystical setting resplendent with characters and magnificent settings. This  movie should be rereleased (however I have some suspicions that as long as  this movie sells for between sixty and seventy dollars on auction sites -  this won't happen for a while)!
B000007R13|5.0|If an alien came down from outer space and wanted to know what rock and roll is, pull out this album and play it for &quot;it&quot;.  This album and band changed the face of rock forever.  This album will be played 200  years from now.
0385493800|3.0|While this book was an enjoyable read, it falls far short of what I came to expect after his first three works--A Time to Kill, The Firm, and The Pelican Brief.
B000001Y5X|5.0|VERY GOOD-ALSO VERY DIFFERENT THAN ANTICHRIST SUPERSTAR(THE BEST MANSON CD EVER) AND MECHANICAL ANIMALS(THE SECOND BEST). THIS CD IS VERY GUITAR ORIENTED AND HAS LESS OF THE &quot;SATANIC&quot; MESSAGES THAT THE MEDIA  ATTRIBUTED TO ANTICHRIST. THIS CD WAS THE BEGINNING OF MARILYN  MANSON...CHECK IT OUT...
0679428887|3.0|While I had a hard time getting started, I thought the work was enjoybale enough.  Yes, it stereotypes many things in our world--from the Russian people to the Russian society, but it still provides an enjoyable read.  While I did enjoy the book, the plot is a little over used--Joshua Son of  None (the cloning of Pres. Kennedy) and numerous Adolf Hitler offspring  books available.
B00000IL1K|5.0|An entertaining, lyrical, beautiful program from Diva Brightman who has shown the courage to diversify.  What is next from her?  If Sir Andrew does not cast her as Christine in the sequel to The Phantom of the Opera, he  will be making a big mistake.  This CD has been playing almost non-stop at  our house.
B000003Z12|5.0|From the first track this music communicates with your spirit and progresses moment to moment. Neil Schon is a master at &quot;vocalizing&quot; with the guitar. He did it occasionally with  Journey, but 'Beyond the Thunder' is &quot;out of this world&quot;
6305268835|5.0|this was funny and I liked it alot.Fairuza Balk who played Vikki,was great and she's the most preetiest person ever!Cool movie!
B00000DHTF|5.0|Many of these songs have been heard through bootlegs, B-sides, or concerts before, but the Boss finally let a few out of the career-spanning vaults with the release of this excellent 4 CD set. Forget any talk of what is not  here. Simply enjoy these terrific songs from one of the best rock and roll  writers and performers. Many of these will stick in your head like so many  of Bruce's other songs. As a whole, this a great set of long-hoped for  releases that you will enjoy for itself and keep you going back to Bruce's  other albums to relive that magic.
B00000IO4I|4.0|This low-budget movie delivers! I rented this movie becuase I am a Michael Caine fan, and was surprised by this little film's big-time merits.  The film is very, very British, and is filled with the bizarre high-low humor  that is the British tradition. As far as I am concerned, this is Caine's  best performace since Woody Allen's &quot;Hannah and Her Sisiters,&quot;  which came out thirteen years ago.  He won a Golden Globe but was not even  nominated for an Oscar, but Brenda Blethyn was, and Jane Horrocks should  have been.  This was written as a stage play, with Jane Horrocks in mind  for the role of L.V., and her performance is exceptional.  She performed  all of her own songs in the film, perfectly imitating Torch greats like  Shirley Bassey and Billie Holiday. See the movie, and buy the soundtrack.
6305426651|5.0|During the Acadamy Awards this year Hollywood was greeted by a truly amazing surprise... money and glamor is not needed to make a masterpiece. Life is Beautiful is a simple film...no special effects, dramatic action or  heart-straining adventure...the movie is simply a portrayal of the  poweverful meaning of love. It truly touches the heart and brings both  laughter and tears to anyone. How often do you see a gang of highschool  teens, an elderly couple, and young moms and dads all laughing and crying  together? The film is, of course, all in Italian, the lovely language  complements the film and is  a perfect background melody. I truly recommend  this film, not only because of its genuine, deep meaning but also because  it helps the human soul escape from the daily troubles of life and to  notice that Life truly is Beautiful.
B000002KKX|5.0|This is the album folks! This is the one that Christopher Cross won five grammys for in the same year! I'm a 16 year old fan of Chris's and enjoy the music on this CD every day. Songs like &quot;Sailing&quot; and  &quot;Ride Like The Wind&quot; are ESSENTIAL for any Pop Music fan. These  songs absolutely need NO introduction. This is not an album, it's an  experience. If you have not heard this CD, you need to. NOW! Check out  Chris's website [online] to see what he is up to  now.
0871137380|5.0|I am a crew chief on a U.S. Army helicopter who seved in the gulf war.  Reading this outstanding book drives home the chaos that can so quickly occur during war.  Mark Bowden does a terrific job.
6300248550|1.0|I have never read the book but after watching this movie, i never want to.  First, Timothy Dalton's overwhelmingly dark and hansome features stick out like a sore thumb.  The woman playing the part of Jane looks to be in her  thirties and is very ugly.  If her personality made up for it, that would  be different but it doesn't. Second, every detail of every moment must be  spoken for some reason.  The characters might as well have been standing  there reading words out of a book.  There is no expression or emotional  action.  Oh, Mr. Rochester raises his voice quit often and Jane cried once  or twice but otherwise it is an unfeeling,drab movie. It is hard to  understand what attracts the two people together.         <br />The A &amp; E  Hinds/Morton version may be short and leaves out a few details from the  book but for convincing and suspenseful acting, it is the movie to buy. It  is excellent all around.<br />This Timothy Dalton version is, i think, just  right for a good afternoon nap.
0448060191|5.0|I was introduced to LITTLE WOMEN at the age of 12 or 13.  I have read it scores of times since and loved it unceasingly.  I have cried with the March sisters, shared their joys, their tragedies, rejoiced in their  triumphs,  and laughed at their mishaps. This book captured me as a child  and has never let me go.  I treasure it and would wish every person could  have a chance to read it and treasure it also.
6300268993|4.0|If only the BATMAN movies were done this well! Anyway, Superman II is an absolutely excellent sequel to an absolutely excellent film! Christopher Reeve is magnificent, Terence Stamp is great, and John Williams' score is  simply breathtaking! Even though the storyline is perfect in parts, it  screws up royally by making Lex Luthor into a campy villain. Which is a  shame because Gene Hackman is a great actor and could've given Luthor the  wickedly evil personality he truly possesses (Stamp more than makes up for  that with his stunning performance as General Zod). Also, Margot Kidder is  not at all the type of woman one pictures in the role of Lois Lane.  Overall, though, this film is one of the VERY few well done comic book  superhero movies.
6300151379|5.0|At 51 years old this is a movie I watch when ever I can. All three of my children love it and once  having seen the characters and music are stuck in our heads for weeks. My favorite characters are the ?Fiery's?.  We call  them &quot;Chilidowns&quot; for lack of a better name.  This is a fun movie  for all ages. Please re-release for all to see including us who are  children at heart!
0790729652|2.0|Although BATMAN is my all time favorite character, this film falls short, although nowhere near as short as the Shumacher films. There isn't NEAR enough of Batman in the film! Batman's background is not told as it  should've been..there is very little exploration into his past life. For  instance, WE ARE NEVER SHOWN WHY HE DECIDED TO DRESS UP LIKE A BAT! We know  that it's done in order to scare people, but why didn't he just become  &quot;Snakeman&quot; for that matter? We know that he fights crime because  his parents were murdered, but we never see that incredible scene from the  comics in which the bat crashes through the window! It makes you wonder why  he didn't just join The FBI or something.<br />The Joker's origin is  needlessly re-told in the film in a way that leaves you absolutely NO  sypmathy for the character. Besides that, Nicholson (who is overrated in  the role) is given WAAAAY too much screen time. Additionally, his goons are  uncharacterstically dressed in black and are of relatively normal behavior.  Furthermore, killing The Joker is one of the biggest mistakes the  filmmakers could've made.<br />Commissioner Gordon is portrayed more like a  candy carrying sweet old grandpa who can't wait to take out his teeth and  watch Wheel Of Fortune, Not at all like the No B.S. badass of the comics.<br />Vicki Vale and Alexander Knox (especially Knox)are unneeded and serve  only to take away from the story. That Batman would even consider trying to  have a girlfriend is totally at odds with the characters' overwhelming  obsession with ending crime in Gotham...he simply doesn't have the  time.<br />However, Danny Elfman's score is downright excellent, but Prince's  idiotic songs that are littered throughout the film are nothing if not  disenchanting, not to mention embarrassing.  Countless other  plotholes like Batman letting Vicki into The Batcave are too numerous to  mention.  However,if you want REAL Batman, read &quot;Year One&quot;,  &quot;The Dark Knight Returns&quot;, &quot;The Killing Joke&quot;, or Grant  Morrisson's &quot;JLA&quot;, amongst many others.  ~Albert Riccie Dark Knight Returns&quot;, &quot;The Killing Joke&quot;, or Grant  Morrisson's &quot;JLA&quot;, amongst many others.    ~Albert Ricci
0425107469|5.0|The story was very scary and very entertaining.  The characters were all very realistic, and they all gave you a sense of hope.  The ending of the book was very good and sad.  This was a must read.
6300151379|5.0|Liked movie a lot when it was out, please re-release it!!!!! From one lover of fantasy to another.
6304057709|5.0|What a wonderful film! Emma Thompson has done a splendid job with the script and she is so good in it that you forget that she's really too old for the role. The rest of the acting is top-notch too and as for the sets  and scenery, wow. Kate Winslet is so good in this and looks more beautiful  than in anything else she's appeared in. Her skin and hair look perfect and  flawless and she just glows. What a pity they slapped all that makeup on  her in Titanic.
076781214X|3.0|Actually, this film is not a bad effort. Kathleen Turner was in good form, and was supported by a group of talented actors, with the surprising exception of Nicholas Cage. His role as Turners boyfriend/husband was  grating and ineffectual. His character is supposed to be a frustrated young  man aspiring to be a rock star(boyfriend), and a middle aged crazy  philandering furniture salesman (husband). However, Cage presents both past  and future versions as an egocentric dweeb with a particularly annoying  nasal voice. In the real world of high school, or anywhere else, a woman  like Kathleen Turner would have told the arrogant twit to take a hike (and  hire a voice coach) with nary a second glance.<br />Aside from this one  (albeit major) casting error, the film is enjoyable. The twist of having  the heroine (Turner) sent back in time, apparently to change an unpleasant  future, and then find that she is unable to despite her knowledge of what  is to come is novel. A trifling annoyance is the willingness of several  characters to quite matter of factly accept her claims of time travel  (hardly a common occurrence in 1960),  which does stretch the believablilty  factor a bit. But hey, this is a romantic fantasy.<br />A nice Saturday night  popcorn and chick flick type of movie. 3 stars out of 5, mainly due to  Nicholas Cage's abysmal performance.
6305358613|5.0|I loved this movie. It's certainly inaccurate in parts but always entertaining. More like a renaissance Godfather than a period piece.<br />Geoffrey Rush was so menacing as Walsingham and Christopher  Eccleston was very good too but the star is Cate Blanchett. She is  brilliant in it, absolutely brilliant. She takes Elizabeth from persecuted  princess to all-powerful monarch and is utterly believable. Her performance  is of such a higher quality than Gwyneth Paltrow's in Shakespeare in Love  that you wonder if Oscar voters bothered to watch Elizabeth at all.
0684874350|1.0|I would not recommend this book. It takes too much effort to read and at the end, after all of that effort, you realize that it wasn't worth it..this is one of this author's worst books...i advise you to try some  others though and you may find them less challenging to read, and more  enjoyable.....
B000000OQF|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the greatest rock albums ever (in my opinion, only Metallica's Black Album and Are You Experienced? even compare).  From the legendary opening riff of Welcome to the Jungle to the  heart-felt conclusion of Rocket Queen, this album's intensity, emotion, and  raw power never let up.  Most notable is the killer guitar playing of Slash  and Izzy.  Slash is truly one of the greatest guitarists ever and the  opening riffs on some of the songs on this album(i.e. Welcome to the  Jungle, My Michelle, Sweet Child O' Mine) are absolutely fabulous.  Not to  be overshadowed is the superb talents of lead singer Axl Rose.     Even  though Welcome to the Jungle, Paradise City, and Sweet Child O' Mine, which  are all classics, are more celebrated than any of the other tracks, there  isn't a single weak song on the entire album.  This truly is an album for  everyone who is fed up with the soft garbage that is on the radio today.   When Axl's new CD comes out later this year, it's gonna blow all those guy  bands right off the charts!
1560100842|4.0|I first found this book several years ago after reading the excellent Disney Animation- The Illusion of Life (Now called The Illusion of Life: Disney Animation) by Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnson.  This book covers  several topics that the Disney book doesn't, such as lip-syncing.  An  animation teacher at DeAnza College in Cupertino has made this book a  requirement, and I understand why.  Don't think of this book as the only  instruction you will need to become an animator, but buy a copy of it so  you can have helpful reminders about important animation techniques without  having to flip through hundreds of pages.  This book is an excellent  companion to the Disney book.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This cd is a great selection. Even thought #12 has a few cuss words iut is still great.  All my friends think the same
6300183513|5.0|I am a huge Hitchcock fan, I have been building my video collection of his movies for some time now, but Rear Window would be the most prized.  <br />I love looking for Hitch in his movies and get a kick out of seeing him in  one of the apartments in this movie...did anyone else see him right off, it  took me a couple of viewings before I spotted him.  This one is the  greatest!
B000006NXP|5.0|The Amazon reviewer accurately identifies what makes this recording unique and indispensable with the phrase &quot;cumulative power&quot;.  No other recording I have heard is so compelling in this respect.  The listener is  caught up from the beginning and totally involved until the end.  Kleiber  does not attempt to soften or tame the music.  Rather, he offers an  interpretation that embraces the score in all of its awe-inspiring beauty.
B00000099Y|5.0|If I were to review this album I'd probably sound just like everybody else because I think that this is the best album ever recorded.  I would, however, like to send a message to the guy that gave the album one star.   What is he talking about?  Tool is not supposed to be metal.  Adam has  clearly stated that Tool's intention is not to be metal.  Tool is not Pop,  Tool is not Alternative, Tool is not anything.  If you want to listen to  metal contact the numbnut that knows all of the &quot;real metal  bands.&quot;  If you want intelligent, heavy, emotional, and harmonic  music, buy Tool's nima, Undertow, and Opiate.  Every one of their albums  are awesome.  Since apparently nobody ever reads the Undertow and Opiate  reviews, I'd like to try and convince those reading this review that those  albums are nearly as amazing as nima and still better than any release  from another band.  Opiate only contains six songs, but all of them are  amazing.  When you buy a new Metallica CD, you probably don't listen to  more than six songs anyways.  Tool doesn't waste any time.
0393314804|1.0|This book was completely asinine, shallow, self-absorbed, contrived, and just about everything else that seems to be wrong with modern novels. Though Welsh has some impressive technical skills (truly getting inside his  character's heads is probably his strongest) this alone does not an artist  make.  Welsh is no novelist, and perhaps this work would have been better  served if it had been chopped up into short stories. There are long  stretches in  this novel in which nothing, absolutely nothing happens,  during which one wonders whether this is his idea of &quot;realism&quot; or  if he just didn't know exactly what to do with 300+ pages to work with.   Furthermore, even those scenes in which &quot;something happens&quot; do  not serve to reveal anything to the reader about truth, life, and the other  things that art, at its best, should give us.  The only thing Welsh seems  capable of telling us is &quot;these people do herion cause they don't have  anything better to do.&quot;  Well, fine---but I don't really want to spend  350 pages reading about something that I could have told you by page 1. On  top of that, Welsh's &quot;humor&quot; is of the most trite and predictable  varitety.  I suppose this is probably the perfect book for the masses  illiterati out there who's idea of art is something which merely serves to  validate their own self-absorbed existence, rather than expand and enrich  it; but for those readers out there who demand something more--do yourself  a favor and find a better book.
B000005J56|5.0|The previous (very cynical) reviewer may have a point about this remarkable cd. Sure, from a purist's point of view, no doubt there are other recordings that are more authentic, and probably as exciting as this,  but to get stuck on such narrow and meaningless definitions of what makes a  record great and to dismiss the role of some of the musicians (Ry cooder  and his son), regardless of the value of their contributions, is to  completely miss the pure magic of this recording. <br />What we all look for  in music is something that cannot be described or categorized or judged.  You just know it and feel it when you find it. This album has all that and  much much more. It is a statement about the neglect of Cuban culture; it is  a judgement on the damage of politics on peoples lives; it is an  unadulterated  celebration of music-making from whatever culture, and from  whatever source. It represients the joy of singing, of playing the piano,  drums, guitar, of dancing. I have many many old blues records, jazz albums,  punk, whatever, who cares, yet to me this album stands up there as one of  the great spontaneous &quot;music&quot; albums of all time. Don't let all  that politicking, those pathetic judgements about &quot;working for the  man,&quot; and who's really making all the money blah, blah blah, blah,  stop you from buying it. It's great, you'll love for the rest of your life.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I love this Cd it has a bunch of great songs on it even though it is not as heavy as the first one. I cant wait to get the home video &quot;Poop&quot;. If ur a fan i recommend getting this Cd.
6304595247|4.0|I saw the movie before I read the book and I enjoyed the movie a whole lot better. The movie left me a bit overwhelmed, like imagine being hit by a blast of wind. Ralph Fiennes was wonderful as usual and the sweeping music  was a wonderful addition to the movie.
B000002JB8|5.0|Listening to this, you cannot help but to think of yourself swinging gently in a hammock off the Mayan Coast.  OUTSTANDING relaxation album and one of Vangelis' &quot;Trio&quot; masterpieces in my opinion - the others  being 1492 and Bladerunner.  Forget those &quot;meditation records&quot;  this is the ultimate &quot;aural candy for relaxation!&quot;
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp bizkit sure has made there way to the top they are so talented. To be able to mix rap and heavy metal together and make it sound good. Fred is a very talented singer and has come far with his vocals since Three doller  bill yall. If this able stunk do you think bizkit could of got all those  special guests No. they rule
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I thought that the best song was If You Had My Love beceause it is very up beat and overall is just a good song. I would recommend this cd to everyone because it is very good and i Love every song on the album. Thanks Jennifer  for making this album and i hope you make another album after this one  because it would be a shame if you didn't
B00000FZ1V|2.0|A terrible menu, and a so-called &quot;Video Commentary&quot; which is nothing more than a lot of unnecessary and often silly sub-titles. It could have been a great DVD, but the extras spoil it.
B000002I25|5.0|If you have $10 or $20, don't go out and spend it on food, or water, or education even! Buy this CD!!! It's probably a gift from an alien civilization to us earth-creatures!!!  Jim Morrison didn't die...he went  back to his galaxy!!!
0451160916|3.0|This is one of Stephen King's better books.  It follows the movie (the Jack Nicholson one) only roughly.  There is a lot more meaning put into the 'shining' power itself.  There is also no hedge maze in the book, but there  are hedge animals that behave pretty strangely.  It does get a bit windy at  times about the hotel's history and Jack's past.  An excellent book!
B00000J8EK|4.0|For those of you expecting the super-hard beats of their first two CDs, you're in for a major surprise.  The CB's have seriously mellowed out on this album, and while there are a few hard tracks, most of them are much  mellower, bordering on ambient.  It took me several listens before I  started getting into their &quot;new&quot; sound.  For those of you who've  never heard their music before, or for CB fans with a little patience, this  is a good CD, but certainly not their best.
0780625129|5.0|This movie was a forceful, dramtic, and graphic depiction of the racism going on in our country right now.  I could barely sit through the fist half because of the brutality and hate spewing forth from it and I kept  telling my 19 year old son that there is another side.  We are white and  what I didn't know was that this is my son's favorite movie.  He has  watched it six times now.  He says it helps him immensely to not get caught  up in the racism prevalent in his school and everywhere he goes.  We cried  together and shared a renewed conviction of how wrong gangs and racism are.  I am insulted by Amazon's review stating that this is a conservative  view.  I have been a conservative all my life and have never been a racist.  I have always abhored the hatred and inhumanity of racism as most  conservatives do.  It is this kind of hatred that paves the way for  complete government control which is a liberal philosophy.  Anyway, I  believe this movie would benefit anyone who watches it.  We all can relate  to  having views and beliefs that were depicted in the movie and what it  leads to.
B000000OMB|4.0|Asia's debut LP is an excellent album that will be appreciated by prog-rock fans and people who like the Backstreet Boys.  The nine cuts are all positive and uptempo, with superb singing and playing from Wetton,  Downes, Howe, and Palmer.  Despite some weak moments that keep it from  getting 5 stars, Asia is a diamond in the 80s rough.  Best cuts are Heat of  the Moment, Only Time will Tell, One Step Closer, and Here Comes the  Feeling.-AJR
B00000IOSU|5.0|wow. despite this being just an aural experience, it was simply breaktaking. and what a big &quot;up&quot; this is from the high-expectation-but-didn't-deliver mary j. blige live album. having just  picked up sarah's music from &quot;surfacing&quot;, i back tracked all the  way to solace, only to find myself actually looking at a great and exact  songwriter, a crafter of music who is getting so precise and sensitive it's  hard not to lose that raw edge (but she hasn't), and a voice that soars  with heart-breaking emotion yet can tumble down to the most intimate and  painful whispers of heart-ache. thanks sarah. and i think i spoke for a lot  of people out there who enjoy and appreciate well-written, finely crafted  and perfectly sung songs.
B000002UD1|5.0|I own most of Lennon's albums and this is my favorite. While it doesn't contain any of his major hits, every song is a good song(just like the Beatle's 'Rubber Soul'). I would recommend it to any Lennon or Beatles fan.
0800141849|3.0|I have been an avid Barbra Streisand fan since the release of Enough is Enough w/Donna Summer.  She is a phenomenal singer with a voice that only is given by God.My devotion to La Streisand has branched out to seeing her  in concert at Madison Square Garden in June of 1994 for a mere $1000.  I  sat 14 rows back and was unable to talk or function properly after it was  over. I think that The Mirror Has Two Faces was a cute movie.  It once  again revolves around Barbra Streisand as all of her movies do.  The only  problem that I have is that she acknowledges herself as an actress and  denounces herself as a singer.Overall, in my opinion, the movie is worth  watching and having as a collectors item within the household
B000002JK4|4.0|This is a very high-quality album. I find that much of Plant's solo work seems a little bland compared to Zep, but after repeated listenings grows on you. The Principle of Moments is impeccably produced, and at first it  may seem like a fairly unremarkable pop-rock album with exceptionally good  vocals, but there's also an undercurrent of menace and mystery on several  tracks that makes it something more unusual. &quot;Other Arms,&quot;  &quot;In the Mood,&quot; &quot;Wreckless Love&quot; and &quot;Horizontal  Departure&quot; are particularly enjoyable, but &quot;Big Log&quot; is a  minor masterpiece--lovely guitar work, genuinely moving lyrics and a  perfectly balanced vocal from Plant.
B0000025BL|5.0|Bat Out of Hell is one of the greatest albums in rock history.  Meat Loaf belts out Jim Steinman's songs with flair, emotion, and his secret weapon: one of the most powerful voices in music...ever. (No wonder Steinman worked  well with Celine Dion)  Not only that, but Todd Rundgren put together one  of the all-time great bands to back up Mr. Loaf, including Rundgren's own  Utopia, members of the E Street Band, and Edgar Winter. The only good song  on the album is All Revved Up with No Place to Go.  All the others are  GREAT.  For Crying Out Loud is some of the most beautiful nine minutes in  rock and roll, and how many people have never felt what the singer is  feeling when Meaty sings 2 Out of 3 Aint' Bad and Paradise by the Dashboard  Light? All rock fans: Ignore the bad reviews and get the best hard  rock-meets-opera album ever!-AJR
6303521320|5.0|Mad Max: American version w/ dubbed USA accents (you'll notice it) about a world that's on its last civilized leg and a man who loses all that he loves-his friend (goose) and his family. Road Warrior  Burned out man w/  one purpose in life-survive, great movie, beautiful action, ample storyline  Beyond Thunderdome-Ample action, beautiful storyline BUY THESE MOVIES!
0788812408|3.0|Great animation but parents beware.  Some of the scenes are downright frightening for small childern. Furthermore, my wife and I (liberal Democrats at that) were shocked at some of the content.  Lines like  &quot;you want her&quot; and Ursula referring to Ariel as a &quot;little  tramp&quot; made us uncomfortable with having our 3 year old daughter  watch.  We know kids have to learn about this stuff, but I would prefer not  to have to deal with it in a Disney film! We have shelved it for the time  being in favor of &quot;The Aristocats&quot;
0790735954|5.0|&quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; is not only well-directed, well-acted and riveting, it challenges the definition of cinema.  Kubrick is not afraid to alienate people with his interpretation of the Vietnam war and the  military.  As the camera pans through a ravaged, burning battleground, we  hear the raucus &quot;Surfin' Bird.&quot;  As Marines walk across a  devestated landscape, they sing &quot;Mickey Mouse.&quot;  Bombs and fires  are raging in Hue City and the soldiers are negotiating with a prostitute.   On Parris Island, when the drill instructor is not lambasting the recruits  with highly original obscenity, he is trying to inspire them with a  discussion of Lee Harvey Oswald's marksmanship.  This film is the perfect  antidote for the rampant superficial politics that have definited cinema.   There is nothing noble, pretty or glamorous about this film, and because of  that, &quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; is timeless.
6305171769|5.0|Halloween:H20 was awsome! I loved everything about it. The plot and location was great. And the acting was perfect. The characters were very interesting. The teen cast was perfect. I think all of them are very  talented, Josh Hartnett, Jodi Lynn O' Keefe, Michelle Williams, all were  great. And Jamie Lee Curtis was back in buisness! I'm glad this part took a  different turn, I mean part 6 had its moments but that whole thorn, cult  thing was just lame. This is the best sequel. I love part 4 though even if  it wasn't mentioned in this one. 5 stars isn't enough for this movie. I  can't wait for part 8!
B00000JCB2|3.0|What happened.  This cd is missing the best thing that made limp the best ( the raw-insane kinetic energy ripping riffing ) whats with all these mellow songs.  This cd is not the limp I loved. Wheres the mad yelling. And  last time I knew limp didn't need a bunch of guests on their cd to kick.   Its ok I guess I can still listen to my 3dollar bill some more. I'll give  this cd a few more goes and see if I change my mind.
0800199421|5.0|Having read many of the other reviews - some in favor, some against Harrison Ford's performance. I  am of the opinion no other actor could have played this part better than he.  Of course, anyone watching this movie  should realize that it is only that, a story, but what a story! My only  regret is that he did not play the part of the President as Dr. Jack Ryan,  as in Tom Clancy's books - &quot;Debt of Honor&quot; and &quot;Executive  Orders.&quot;  This would have then put it all in perspective as the real  President - then &quot;Air Force One.&quot;  Harrison Ford and Tom Clancy  would have billionaires instead of multi-millionaires!!  I love them both!
6304140428|5.0|Taylor and Burton are at their finest hour in Mike Nichols' film adaptation of Edward Albee's play &quot;Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?&quot; This is one of my absolute favorite movies and I think it  should be considered one of the best films ever made. The supporting cast,  Sandy Dennis and George Segal, are phenomenal in their portrayl of the  young, nieve couple Nick and Honey. <br />George (Burton) and Martha (Taylor)  invite the new young couple into their home for an evening of psychological  mind games and drinking. By the end of the evening, startling revelations  occur concerning George and Martha's relationship and their family life.  <br />One must not miss this film!!!!!!!
0375707972|4.0|An easy read, yet thought provoking and very moving
6304044836|5.0|This is a movie that we watch about once a week, and we enjoy it more each time.  This is the first Harrison Ford movie we purchased, and we fell in love with him.  We (my husband and I) have not been to a movie theater in  25 years - we were - and still are - disillusioned with what Hollywood has  had to offer. Therefore, knowing the quality of the performances of  Harrison Ford, we are assured of a superb movie.  Harrison Ford is the best  thing that has happened to cinema since Technicolor!
6305426651|5.0|I saw Life is Beautiful without having read  initial reviews or having listened to early reviewer discussions. <br />The film is warm and bittersweet depiction of a desperate father trying to shield his lovely, innocent child  from the unthinkable brutality of the Holocaust.<br />This review is meant to  be reactive. When this film first debuted, some critics, whom I doubt   could have actually seen the film based on their vague charges and  unwarranted remarks, blasted away at the film. They called it a gross  trivialization of the period of unthinkable suffering countless Jews, and  other minorities, experienced at the hands of the monster Nazis.  <br />Unfortunately, this pre-publicity shaped the mindset of many moviegoers  in an unfair way. <br />Many bought the false notion that the film was trivial  or at best lightweight; that was NOT the case. <br />Although the film uses  humor and joyfulness throughout, in no way does it lessen the truth about  Hitler's Germany or deny the terror and horror of actual events. <br />What it  does is simply take the perspective of a young child through this terrible  war. Don't miss it! And if someone has previously convinced you of its  flaws, try to overcome that prejudice and see it on your own. Only then,  will you learn how powerful and respectful a film it IS.
6303832563|5.0|I saw Koyaanisqatsi for the first time two days ago.  My life will never be the same.  The images, the music, the implications, will haunt my heart for all eternity.  My new mission?  To find a copy of this masterpiece and  spread it's beauty to others.  Koyaanisqatsi is not a movie - it is not a  documentary - it is not a indie - it IS a crucial piece of the puzzle that,  when solved, will lead mankind to enlightenment.
630157401X|5.0|Each time, Indiana gets better.  Am looking forward to his next one.  NO ONE can play Indiana but HF like HF can! This man has more talent in his eyes, hands and that one-sided grin than all of the other movie actors  combined!  And to think it took watching just one of his movies to convince  me. Now we have practically his whole collection, and we never get tired of  watching anything he appears in.  The Last Crusade is one of our favorites,  which we watch about once each week.
B000002NBY|5.0|this cd has been part of my musical memory for as long as i can remember. it was released when i was only 8 years old, and my family wore out our tape of it, we listened to it so much. every song is an absolute classic.  you will smile and laugh aloud at some of the abstract lyrics, you will be  brought to tears by some of the others. this is probably my favorite album  of all time, by any artist. it is addictively listen-able.
B00000IPAX|5.0|i bought this cd because of &quot;what's  my age again?&quot; and i was not disappointed with the rest. almost every song is good. i like &quot;the party song&quot; it's really good. these guys just rock! buy it. it's  better than the first album. promise.
0060926317|4.0|Mutant Message Down Under is a beautifully written story. Simple without being simplistic.  The intention of the author in my opinion was to simply relay the stories and experiences she encountered among the Aboriginal  peoples.    Approach this book with a sense of anticipation for an  adventure, a hope for discovering more of the truth we all seek, and an  appreciation for the fact that modern civilization, the mutants,  may not  have it right. I applaud Ms. Morgan for her willingness to share the  experience and endure the criticism and at times hostilities she has been  exposed to.  The truth, as painful as it may be, does set us free.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Its not as good as the first two realeases, but it is still a very cool cd and worth buying.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is full of energy.  This album is so much better than One Hot Minute, but it doesn't reach the lofty heights of Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magik (they'll never be able to top that one).  Regardless, this one is a keeper.   For some of you, it may take a while to grow on you, but it will grow.   Sit back, drink a beer and let it all sink in.  Buy it.  Enough said.
B00000IQV1|5.0|I am a huge Robin Williams fan and I think that this is one of his best performances.  He can play any role from funny to serious.  He did an excellent job of combining side splitting humor and seriousness.  I would  recommend this movie to anyone who loves Robin Williams.  Even if you don't  you should watch it.  You will go away as a changed person.
B000002LQR|5.0|Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magik is one of the best albums ever.  (The best funk album ever, hands down).  Others include Smashing Pumpkins' Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness, the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper's, U2's Joshua Tree,  Blind Melon's first album, and Pearl Jam's Ten.  Buy it.  Enough said.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Rarely do i care what the musician IS when i hear the music... One can't ignore the character of Tom Waits and how it reflects in his work...it makes me love the music even more.  While i enjoy the whole range of his  work, i mostly enjoy the high-spirited songs, the songs with a quicker  pulse and/or stronger emotion.  Singapore and I Don't Wanna Grow Up and  Earth Died Screaming...from this album i especially enjoyed Come On Up To  The House and Cold Water and Filipino Box Spring Hog.  All in all, this  album is very strong.
B000009PNY|4.0|I'm not a huge Depeche Mode fan, but I really like this tribute album.  It's a solid album, but if you're a die-hard Mode fan, you might not like this one.
0312867123|4.0|One thing about Sawyer, he picks a great concept then runs with it. You won't be disapointed in any of his works.
6304178352|5.0|I have loved this movie ever since my high school put on the performance.  I reccommend this to everyone.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Wonderful, wonderful music..Santana has proven himself to be a master, a true shaman of life-drenched music. This record will win MANY MANY awards in the form of traditional recognition and in the hearts of listeners  around the world. Bravo Carlos
0767819594|5.0|This movie was great.I am 16 and I loved it.It's not about sex, it has a great love story in it.I was amazed by the ending, it was great!I wish there were more movies like that.I watched the movie two days ago and I  have been thinking about the love story in it since.What can I say?Amazing  and great!I wish there was a screenplay or a movie-tie-in edition of  it.Maybe publishing the diary would be good.I'd like to see it again.
B00000JGHM|5.0|My favorite movie. Excellent movie when running the VCR through the home system. Can't wait for the DVD movie with Dolby Pro Logic.July 27 hurry up
B00000J7RZ|3.0|I truly respect Jennifer as both an actress and a dancer, but music doesn't seem to be her thing. She is such a great actress and has worked as a dancer with some of the best performers like Janet Jackson. However, her  voice is really weak and at times it seems like she really isn't feeling  the songs.  Personally I think she has chosen great material, I just don't  think she's the right artist for it. Maybe with a little vocal training she  can pull it off better next time.  I feel she should spend more time making  films, that way she won't embarrass herself again.
B000009ED0|5.0|I am a 34 year old store manager for a consumer electronics retail company.  I heard this disc playing in our warehouse where I have a number of 20-25 year old employees and I had to have it!  It's great to hear an  artist as original and intense as Kid Rock and I stongly encourage anyone  out there that likes heavy cutting edge sounds to check this one out.  You  will find that once you get this disc in your cd player it will quickly  become &quot;stuck&quot; and you simply WILL NOT want to take it out!!!   Rock on!!!
0767819543|5.0|Brazilian cinema has been known only by producing trash films, but in the recent years it has changed. And Central do Brasil (or Central Station, if you prefer) is a film that shows it. Furthermore, it shows to the World an  unknown Brazil, of simple but friendly people.
0375707972|1.0|I read this book on a 16 hour flight to Thailand.  I finished quickly, and what a waste it was.  This book was boring as could be.  There was only a few parts that were captivating.  Save your money!
6304913176|1.0|Starship troopers is the last closed door in the World Cinema. If you watch it and enjoy, you can watch any film and you'll enjoy.
B000001Y42|1.0|I hated this cd! Its trash!  However I LOVE THEIR NEW CD, &quot;Sinificate Other&quot;, its TERRIFIC!  Don't buy this  one buy their new cd instead.
0375408282|5.0|If someone were to ask you to write a story about a Nazi war criminal--one which allows the reader to sympathize with her--could you pull it off? I couldn't. But somehow, Schlink's &quot;The Reader&quot; manages to do just  that. In just a few deft strokes, the author paints a compelling picture of  an intelligent boy having an affair with a mysterious older woman, which is  to become the springboard for a much larger story. Rather than take the  safe, easy route of portraying Nazis as inhuman (&quot;monsters!&quot; we'd  say, &quot;nothing like ME&quot;), he asks us, through Hanna, &quot;What  would you have done?&quot; A compelling story, written with clarity and  compassion--not to mention devastating candor--&quot;The Reader&quot; is  the best book I've read this year. Buy it!
B00000IPAX|3.0|This cd is fair.  Not the best I've ever heard but good
6305265488|5.0|This was a fabulous story of a dashing prince and young maiden destine for each other.  I appreciated Drew Barrymore's &quot;independent woman&quot; role, although I doubt that was how women were in those days! It made it  quite humerous and easier to relate to.  The story itself was wonderfully  written, and interested me enough to see it 3 times! I think this is the  best movie I have seen Drew Barrymore in yet!  I would recommend this to  all!  It's is a great fairy tale for grown ups!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This new cd is TERRIFIC!! Its 100 times better than their previous cd, &quot;Three Dollar Bill&quot;.  Great rockin and rappin!!
B000002J7U|4.0|My favorite on this album was &quot;Come to Me&quot;.  I taped it for a labor and birth cassette that I brought to the hospital with me.  I included &quot;Come to Me&quot; several times on the tape--it seemed so  perfect and was--especially when I started taking the pain drugs!!  A  striking contrast to Direct, which is one of my all time favorites as well  as Heaven and Hell.
B00000J7JO|3.0|Its great to see the Peppers back in the music scene!! This cd is pretty good, not their best but worth buying!
1573225517|4.0|The novel starts with some absolutely delightful descriptions of young love.  The author captures the pain and delight of innocence with wit and humor and insight.  Unfortunately, the main character survives into  adulthood without maturing very much.  We are supposed to believe that in  his mid 30's he is finally starting to grow up, but the character does  little that might be called admirable.  Sometimes I sympathized with him,  but often he's just tripping over himself and then whining about it later,  and there just isn't much of a plot.  <br />However, it's worth reading just  for that first section.  The author hints at the very beginning that it  will be a bitter book, and indeed it turns out to be that more than  anything else.  I suspect that there were one or more &quot;Lauras&quot; in  the author's life and that the story line hugs the road a bit too closely.   Some funny scenes and aside from the lack of a plot and the absence of any  admirable characters, it's well written.
B00000JBCP|5.0|Listening to this CD you feel you are at a live concert.  The mix of songs vary from Ranchera, love ballads, to a very latin rock/tropical beat great percussion...It's LIVE!  Their raw sound (unplugged) exposes their true  muscial talents...ENJOY!!  Something you CAN play LOUD and jam too.  Highly  recommend it!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Moby new album &quot;Play&quot; has to be one of the best releases of 1999. The album contributes beautiful music through many levels. Moby's delicate sounds are weaved through many genres:  gospel, acoustic, and  techno. The result: beautiful. Tunes that deserve a listen are: Porcelain,  Natural Blues, Why does my heart feel so bad, My weakness, and Everloving.  This album once again proves that Moby can touch your soul and still pump  your heart.
0800137884|5.0|Yes, I know this version is untrue to the original, and suffers moments of weak acting and ridiculous affects, but I still consider this to be one of the best movies out there. It was intense, interesting, and well crafted.  The departure from the original novel is irritating if what you are looking  for is an exact copy, but taken as a story in its own right, this is an  incredible film. I
B000003AEB|4.0|IF YOU WANT SOME HARD CORE GANGSTA RAP MIXED WITH SOME OLD SCHOOL G-FUNK SOUNDS, THIS IS THE RECORD FOR YOU. I LOVE THIS CD, I THINK ONE REASON THIS CD IS THA BOMB IS BECAUSE OF THE PRODUCTION BY DRE, BUT YA HAVE TO GIVE  SNOOP CREDIT TOO.  I LOVE SNOOP'S LAID BACK FLOW, SO YA'LL GO CHECK OUT  &quot;DOGGYSTYLE&quot; AND I HEARD &quot;TOP DOGG&quot; IS COOL TOO.  I  WISH SNOOP WOULD GO BACK TO DEATH ROW THOUGH.         PEACE YA'LL
B00000255F|5.0|As wierd as it may seem, I graduated from high school in Paramus NJ in 1978 never having heard a Springsteen song from beginning to end. I started listeing to him in college because in college you listen to what your  roommates and dormmates play.  Especially if they have loud stereos. I  became a borderline fan and then saw him on New Years Eve 1980 at the  Nassau Colleseum. That show turned out to be, according to those who know  way too much about Springsteen, the longest concert he ever gave.  It was  really staggering.  The audience left at 2:00 AM with no more energy. I was  in a bad car accident a few weeks later and got amnesia (really).  My  memory gradually came back so that for a month or two I could remember up  to that concert but nothing after it.  Not too bad really. A year or so ago  I bought a bootleg version of that concert on CD (&quot;Nassau Night&quot;)  and so have sort of come full circle. What does this have to do with Born  to Run?  Nothing really I guess.  The album speaks for itself as a document  of some importance.  For what it is worth, my respect for Springsteen has  continuously grown over the years.  Who could have known in the '70s that  he would prove to be so much more than &quot;The Future of Rock and  Roll&quot;.  Clearly, his skills as a musician have continued to grow.  More importantly, his song writing and performing have taken an amazing set  of turns.  When Nebraska came out I was kind of disappointed.  I think I  didn't get it until a year or two later when i realized that Bruce is not  just a rocker.  In the end I think he has more Hank Williams in him then  Elvis. I was, however, ready for Tom Joad.  There is a maturity and  sensibility that defies pop. Born to Run and Darkness were the albums that  drew me in.  I only hope he continues to find new directions.
068484267X|4.0|Living in today's American society, one tends to forget what life was like for many of our immigrants before they came to this country.  This memoir acutely describes the depravity and harshness of poverty and how to keep on  hoping, despite the incredible odds.  A gem of a book!
B000002BFL|5.0|I understand that this album is not for everyone.  &quot;Conservative&quot; fans will always want their favorite artists to play their favorite old songs.  Hell, people pay to go hear Kansas sing  &quot;Dust in the Wind&quot; Don't get me wrong, I love listening to  Springsteen rock.  I am thrilled silly that he got the E Street Band back  together and I will pay whatever it takes to catch a few shows when he hits  the West Coast. Nonetheless, I do feel sorry for those who don't &quot;get  it&quot;.  This album is an amazing feet.  I can't think of any album that  is more whole in its vision, statement and execution. The assocaited tour  was also a relevation. Bruce has become a really fantastic guitar player.   I don't know when it happened, but I didn't expect it. Even if I never  listen to the album again, I will still think about it frequently.
0670880728|1.0|I for one will not be at all surprised if I read one day that Helen Fielding is the pseudonym for a shrewd but misogynistic male writer. It's a clever bit of marketing, though. It aims at the same areas that the  supermarket magazines for women also aim at. The title character, Bridget  Jones, seems to care only about her weight and getting a man while she's in  her 30s and (phew) still young enough to have children. I say it wouldn't  surprise me if a man wrote this book, because Bridget seems a composite of  all the answers in magazine quizzes:  &quot;I think my thighs are (a) Just  Right (b) Horrid, (c) Illegally Huge&quot;, etc.  All the writer would have  to do is buy a few magazines at the supermarket checkout counter. Voila --  instant character development.  I notice I'm in the minority with a  negative review...I'm not surprised, just saddened.
0792156684|4.0|Yes, the story is a bit thin.  Yes, there's some over-acting on the part of a few charaters. And yes, there are numerous assumptions made relative to the sinking of the ship.  BUT: The complete movie is magnificant, and  visually a '10'.  I'm adding this to my collection -- right next to other  Oscar-award winning movies.  At $15.00, it's a steal.
0792151712|5.0|The sinking of the ship was incredibly awesome in its entirety! They did this so well and so realistically and you felt you were there. And the music! I can't get over haw beautifully it went with the movie! It was so  original and era and place fitting.<br />The length of the movie was just  perfect. It was not so short that the movie felt incomplete and it was so  long that you have to go the bathroom five times during the film.  <br />The  actors did the most incredible jobs. Especially Leonardo Di Caprio. Lot's  of people dismiss this movie because he is in it, and it's not even  necessarily because they don't like him. I believe it's because people want  to be different and since so many people like  Leonardo Di Caprio, the  others feel that to be truly different they have to dismiss him and  anything with him in it altogether. Therefore we have the Titanic  dismissers who probably liked the movie but are putting on a tough front.  I'm not a fan of Leonardo Di Caprio but I still loved the movie and I think  that he truly acted very well considering the extreme conditions and  physical stress that one had to endure. I think that the only actor that I  could have done without, this goes for my dad to, was Kate Winslet. I was  disappointed that they chose her to be in the cast because I didn't find  her to fit the role which she played. But everyone else played brilliantly  especially Molly Brown and Jack Dawson's friend who you first see at the  beginning of the movie (I can't remember his name).
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Jennifer Lopez is a great singer. Thsi is an excellent CD! Almost all of the songs are really good! I would recommend it.
6302759110|3.0|I was dissapoited in this film when i first saw it but as I saw it more and more I grew to appreciate it the reason dracula was so old and decrepid looking in the begginig was because he did not have enough blood he was in  Trasylvania where feared and beleaved in which is why he moved to  LONDON,ENGLAND which was full of unsuspecting nonbeleavers.when he appeared  young he still didnt look totally evil but he was hiding his secret  personality of evil and ruthlussness deep inside as he stalked and fed on  young women in their sleep where the vampire count showed his true colors  with his ruthluss powers of darkness such as transforming into giant wolves  and bat demons which made him look truely ruthless and evil.Which ever  appearence the evil vampire count took he was still the ultimate and most  threatining evil of all time that seeks his long lost love and will perform  the most ruthless deeds to get her.
0800137841|3.0|THE TRUE MEANING OF FRANKENSTEIN IS REVEALED!!!!!the plot of this is abolutely horrifying of a man's obsession to create life which ends up with terrifying results!
6304288433|4.0|HALLOWEEN 2 takes up where the first one left off with the masked serial killer MICHEAL MEYERS stalking LOURIE STRODEas well as the other residents of Haddonfield Illonoise.this time the madman has stalked his surviving  victim to the hospital where all mahem breaks loose and more victims are  claimed.
0385484518|5.0|I wanted to read a summer book that would make me think long after I finished the book.  This is that kind of book.  The author and Morrie had a very special friendship and shared a very special life experience.  Since  reading the book I very much want to show more love and appreciation to my  family and friends before it's too late.  Time is precious for us all. I  have both asthma and chronic fatigue syndrome, though not life threating  for me, can drain me of life and vitality at times.  But if Morrie can  endure ALS as he did, so can I endure my trials. Thinking about death makes  me think about the Lord, and how He is able to care for me no matter what.   I rest in His loving arms.
0553284347|5.0|Over the years, I have come across few books that have even scratched the surface, in terms of understanding and definition, of my experience coping with my troubled parents and the ongoing aftermath. I found myself  highlighting much of this book. The thoughts, basis of this book have been  with me over the years, but I have had a tremendously hard time  articulating them in any sort of cohesive manner. For any one who has grown  up in this unfortunate situation, this incredible book will definately make  you feel less crazy and help you to gain understanding of your options.  This is one of the most important books that I will ever read.
B00000IOSU|3.0|I have been a Sara fan since back in the days you would only hear her on college radio.  It is painful for me to say then that Mirrorball is not what I had hoped.  It is yet more repackaged Lilith Fair.  The productions  are boring - please for once don't give us screaming and gratutious  comments to the audience &quot;Oh you sing so well&quot;.  Sara is  obviously bored.   There is nothing new and the songs are painfully  repititious.   This is one that is not a required addition to the  collection.
B000002UYZ|4.0|Far from definitive, this isn't a bad representation of the band's music but, focusing on their singles as much as it does, this collection misrepresents their music. While one can't argue with the selections  included (with the possible exception of Yellow Submarine vs. one of the  other songs from Revolver), one can argue that their best album (Revolver)  isn't well represented at all compared to some of the other lesser b sides  included (and the weak single From Me To You).
0553573403|5.0|Ok, first off:  I really liked this book.  One of the more engrossing books I've read since I first stumbled upon &quot;The Riftwar Saga&quot; about 8 years ago.  I was a bit baffled by the use of the f-word, but it really didn't matter to me as Martin got the point across by using such  blunt language. However, some people took great offense to this  use of  vulgarity and reviewed his book in a negative manner.  After reading some  of the more scathing reviews, I felt like asking those people if they were  reviewing &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; or books 4-8 from the &quot;Wheel  of Time&quot; series!  Don't let the timid sway you:  read this book.
0385493800|4.0|Again, John Grisham can take the same old hero, in the same old situation and make it interesting.  I told myself that I would not read another Grisham book that had a lawyer in it.  I'm happy I gave him another chance.    This was a page turner from the start with an ending that most writers  wish they could develop.<br />When can we expect another piece of work...  I  can't wait!!!
1572523166|5.0|The Man Who Fell to Earth is my all-time favourite movie! It's rated R, but rightfully so (there's A LOT of nudity in some parts). If you're a Bowie fan like me, you'll absolutely love it. Not only can Bowie sing very  enticingly, but he can act marvellously as well. This movie may be hard to  understand at first, but it'll eventually come to you if you don't get it  right away.
0800199421|1.0|The schlockmeisters, from Hollywood, have surpassed themselves with this offering. It needs more than suspension of disbelief to be entertained here, a full-frontal lobotomy is almost a prerequisite.    It is so over-the-top and patently absurd in its action sequences that it actually can't rate as a movie in the genre of a thriller; it's more like a self-parody of an action movie. What's missing is the canned laughter to give this movie some form of legitimacy and classification as to what the producer had in mind when he dished this up to the public.    Yes, every respectable critic has alluded to the spraying of hundreds of rounds machinegun fire inside a pressurised cabin of a 747, but what we have here is a President who's a  master of armed and unarmed combat; an Avionics Engineer -  a man adept at doing anything in a crisis situation. We can also add: the perfect, caring and reassuring father and husband; maybe, we can include gynaecologist to his rather impressive list of credentials as well.    This guy can hang outside a plane flying at 550mph at 38,000ft in -60 degrees Centigrade - if you're not impressed with that, we also see him standing upright on the plane's wing.    Gary Oldman has played the arch villain once too often, his  acting is becoming banal, predictable and synthetic; it's almost as if he doesn't believe in his character anymore - he's simply bored by the  monotonous, one-dimensional, stereotyped role of the baddie.    As for the role of Glenn Close as V.P. - she should know better. The scenes in the war room with the false sentiments of angst, anticipation, anxiety and, finally, overwhelming relief and joy...... it was cringingly awful.    Somehow, I can't help but think, that those viewers who raved  about this movie spend their vacation in the Grand Canyon searching for  conclusive proof that the coyote is still chasing after the Roadrunner.
078322706X|5.0|I did not watch this at first, because I had heard that it was not that good.  Well, boy, was that a mistake.  This movie is terrific.  Brad Pitt is great showing the nuances for the role -- love the peanut butter stuff,  oh, and the &quot;delicious cookies&quot;.  LOVE THIS.
B00000IQMT|5.0|The experience one receives while listening to the soundtrack is fear, danger, courage, happiness, destruction, death, love, mystery, etc... This is the best masterpiece ever
6300271285|5.0|I bought this video for my sister when it first came out on video. She loves it. Actually, I like it a lot too but she's obsessed. Some months back there was a fire at her house and all her videos were destroyed. So  once again I am buying it for her to surprise her for her birthday. The  songs are wonderful and the acting great.
B000002KBH|5.0|Even in the late 1960's and early 70's the Grateful Dead were outside the bluesy, hard edged mainstream of serious Rock. The roots of their music are more in country and traditional folk  than the blues and jazz inspired  rhythms of the Doors, Hendrix, Allman Bros., Santana etc. That said this is  a lyrical and finely produced album with some wonderfully complex  instrumental and vocal construction. There's an understated humour to much  of their music, sometimes poking fun at the melodramatic pretensions of  their country inspirations. The lyrics tend to be intelligent and  intriguing. Not everone is a Dead Head, but any CD collection of the era's  best work would  incomplete and poorer without American Beauty/Workingman's  Dead.
B00000IQV1|5.0|I am a kind of person that is really into horror movies.  I originally did not even want to see this movie but was forced to go.  I absolutely loved this movie.  People gave this movie such awful reviews.  Don't believe  them.  This movie is unbelievable!
B000002I27|5.0|Strange Days fulfilled and surpassed the promise of the Doors debut album. It is darker and more complex. Nobody captured the poetic dreamscape in music like Morrison. His rage and introspection give an eery and evocative  picture of submerged longings and fears. Musicianship was never the Doors  major appeal, but on this album they produced some good, tight and inspired  blues rock. It is sad, indeed, that Morrison's road of self destruction   meant that the band's output became less consistent and coherent  afterwards, with the exception of the much underrated and unfairly maligned  LA Woman.
0788811363|4.0|An excellent film that truly reveals the ambiance of 2 forbidden British intellectuals,one who believes he is unable to love and the other,loving all beautiful things,set tragically against WW2 with breathtaking  cinematography.This film is one to be loved by intelligent,sensitive people  who have knowledge of Egypt,ancient books and a love of completely  different music genres.I found it aspecially moving listening to Bach one  moment,then hearing a Romanian lullaby the next.You must add this to your  video library.This brought back memories of &quot;A Passage To India&quot;  and also&quot;Dangerous Liasons&quot; with it's layering of the story.
0380002930|2.0|The odd thing is I didn't find this book so extraordinary that it deserves 5 full stars (so many people over rate books) nor was it so horrendous to get 1 star (so many people don't know how to READ).  Watership Down is a middling book, nothing worth dwelling on when the book ends.  It faded from  my thoughts quickly.
B000002IM7|5.0|&quot;Out of the Silent Planet&quot; is more that an album, it's a declaration. A declaration of passion, of love, of understanding and of the power that those things bring. This band proves that you needn't play  1000mph and sing boring rock cliches to make a statement. Unlike some of  their later efforts, every song on this album is a winner. Hey, Dimebag  from Pantera worships these guys.. YOU SHOULD TOO!
B00000IQV1|5.0|I heard about &quot;Patch Adams&quot; years ago when he first began practicing medicine and his unorthodox ways of &quot;helping&quot; his patients with humor. I felt then that more Doctors should take their  &quot;bedside manner&quot; lessons from this man and after seeing the  video, I am just as committed with that observation.  &quot;Patch  Adams&quot; may not be perfect cinematography, but it's still one of the  best &quot;feel good&quot; movies of the year. Definately worth the rental  fee....and a good family activity.
0783226128|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE.  NO DOUDT ABOUT IT.  AL PACINO DOES AN AMAZING JOB IN THIS MOVIE.  A MUST HAVE FOR ANY COLLECTION.
0440219078|5.0|Here is a review from a teacher, oh Yuck, I know.  However, I must agree that THE GIVER is at the top of my best books.  I look forward to reading it every year with, or without, my students.  As my own children have moved  through high school, I see THE GIVER as a book which coordinates well with  reading &quot;1984&quot; and ANTHEM.  Please take the challenge and time to  read this book.  It is one you will want to read in a sitting!
0440178002|5.0|Truly amazing.  I cannot recommend it more highly
B000002KB8|5.0|If you are sick of hearing today's three chord punk based songs on WORLD FAMOUS KROQ then get  the greatest rock and roll band in history's groundbreaking album! Brilliant, every song! Ozzy's dark lyrics coupled  with the sizzling licks of Tony, the thrilling bass of Geezer, and well as  the heart pounding beats of Bill Ward. They all compliment and suppliment  each other perfectly. People of all genres will love this music. From rock  to goth to rap... if you love music, you will love this. Get it now! $11 is  a steal!
0440219078|5.0|This book captures the minds of the reader and sets it off into the unknown. The mind body and soul of the reader switches off into the world jonas is living.  you never want to put te book down .  You feel as if you   are in the book  watching the whole story take place..   I luv it!! -camie
0684867621|5.0|I found myself rooting for Trisha as if I were her. As per the usual Stephen King book, the details are conveyed so perfectly that you can almost feel the mosquitos yourself! He's an absolute master mind. Fabulous  work!!
0553213105|5.0|I thouroughly loved this book because it was captavating but simple to understand, not a lot of thees and thous.
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day just rocks and this CD is the best of them all.  If you're wondering if you should buy it or not, I suggest you do.
630414542X|1.0|This is a great movie. The music, the transitions, the fighting, the chicks; it's great. But when I bought the DVD version, I was truly disappointed. It must MPEG Layer-1 encoded because the artifacts are  glaring and the picture quality is awful! Don't buy this movie on DVD!!!!
B000002GYW|4.0|The album is shorter.But the songs like &quot;outlaw man&quot;,&quot;Bitter Creek&quot; and &quot;Doolin Dalton&quot; stand out. I believe that every Eagles Album is worth possessing.The use of not so  common string instruments makes the Album special.But then again that's  eagels and that's what they are good at.The Album does not deserve a *****  rating simply for the reason ,that I felt like skipping one or two of the  songs(Specially Desparado) every time I listened.A must have If, U have  regards for Eagles Works.
0899663036|5.0|I can't add much to the praise that's already been expressed on these pages.  But it dismays me to read complaints about grammatical errors and misspellings.  I have a Master's in English Language and composition and  have taught English at the college level for many years.  I have read this  book a dozen times and have never seen grammatical errors other than  intentional ones in the characters' dialogue.  And for heaven's sake, if  there are misspelling in your edition, they are typos created by someone  who is not Betty Smith!  Write a letter to the publishing company and they  will make corrections in the next edition.  Don't think less of this  incredible, moving story because of a careless typesetter.
6300215717|5.0|By far, &quot;Roman Holiday&quot; is the most romantic comedy and unlike any movie of its kind that I have seen, even today. The wonderful casts and the ironic plot are a topper. Gregory Peck was charming; and no one can  forget Audrey Hepburn who was lovelier than spring when she smiles, but  winter when she cried. When Gregory Peck lifted Audrey Hepburn from the  fountain -- I said, &quot;Let the adventures begin.&quot; And the movie  proved itself. I sort of cursed William Wyler, the brilliant director, for  chosen the bitter ending instead of a happy ending, but later on I kind of  understand why he did what he had to. There's no getting around this movie.  \\"Roman Holiday\\" is the best of the best.
B00000613T|5.0|Reviewing music, movies, food etc.. is such a subjective thing that it is almost a waste of time stating one's opinion. When it comes to buying classical music, choose recordings from all price ranges; some of the best  performances ever committed to tape have been reissued on CD and will  thrill you. Choose performances by different artists; once you find some  favorites you will be able to seek out other recordings by them of other  pieces. (I personally like Boulez as a conductor) Always remember when  selecting recordings there is no right or wrong; pick works and  performances you think YOU will like! Trust your own ear. I liked Boulez's  interpretation of Mahler's 9th. You may not. Use your ear rather than a  critic's opinion as your guide.
0060977493|5.0|If I was a budding author trying to find a voice, I'm afraid this book would cause me to fold up my tent and quit. This book raises the standard of current fiction, weaving a story and insights that are mind boggling. Moments become magic, but much beyond Isabel Allende's House of Spirits  (which it reminds me of).  Roy speaks in a language that is poetry and  depth and magical and SO true.  I, who don't love much fiction, fell in  love with this book.
B000001FS3|5.0|All of the songs on this CD are great the backround music is beautifful and makes the songs worth listening to.  One of the best songs is With or Without You (I think).
0792833686|5.0|No doubt about it, all the favorable reviews here are exactly right and yet you could still say more great things about this movie! However, the DVD transfer is very disappointing. In addition to its &quot;standard&quot;  only aspect ratio, MGM didn't even include supplementary materials that  have been included in previous video releases such as the Comden &amp;  Green interview included with the anniversary video release. At the very  least, they should re-master the DVD in wide-screen.
630529142X|1.0|Sandler is funny, real funny; however, coming from someone who played football and now plays golf. His golf skill, I can relate to - but as a football comedy, it is ridiculous. My opinion is that if you have seen the  previews, you'll be disappointed in the movie. It is too redundant,  Sandler's &quot; dumb-backwoods-boy &quot; impersonation is funny, but only  for ten minutes. Sandler was better on the tee box than in the huddle.
0871137380|5.0|Full of action and detail,  this book is honestly one that you can't put down. I know that sounds cliche, but I do not read many books for pleasure, and this one had me from start to finish.  Perfect for the person who  enjoys military novels that read like fiction, but are non-fiction.   Excellent book!
6305127638|5.0|Hey, it's an action packed Trek movie. Not so much action as Star Trek II(Wrath of Kahn), but this is far more better than it's sequel, Insurrection, which I dozed two times during the film.  You can skip  Insurrection, but First Contact is a must see.
0375707972|5.0|I felt I was zapped by a subtle web woven by this seemingly simple story of first love which grows into obsession and guilt, and then a powerful moral question. As a Jew living in Germany for 7 years and struggling to  understand what happened and how it happened, this book so well captured   people that I knew (in Heidelberg) and their attempts to struggle through  the horrors of German history and responsibility after the War which, not  surprisingly, also caused much conflict between generations. The power of  this book is that it takes Hannah, an unsympathetic almost evil character,  and makes us feel her humanity.  And it takes The Kid, and allows us to  feel his detachment, as he too is damaged by the forces of history. Germany  is a very complicated place. This story cleverly took a small slice of the  War's legacy and led us into some difficult philosophical questions. During  the last pages I cried for a German woman whose crimes were monsterous, but  somehow I understood. Wonderful writing.
6305508550|5.0|This is a funny movie even if you've never set foot in a cubicle.  If you do know, what cubicle life is like, then this movie is even funnier.  It's what Dilbert could be if Scott Adams was interested in rocking the  (corporate) boat. (Who do think signs those big syndication  checks?)<br />Anyway, the entire case is almost perfect and only a meandering  side plot involving the relationship between Peter (Ron Livingston) and  Joanna (Jennifer Aniston) keeps this from being a comedy classic.<br />Rent  it, buy it, whatever, but watch it.
6305265496|5.0|This movie has been the most satisfying movies that I have seen in a long time. And before someone protests, I am referring to the romantic genre. It is a fantastic remake of a classic fairy story, with a dash of chutzpah  in the lead heroine to bring it into the twenty-first century. Great job  people!!
B000000OSW|4.0|People, interested in contacting your passion? This CD will show you the way.  The fifth star is missing from my review thanks to his Secret World Live album.  That, fellow listeners, is sheer perfection.
0140185232|5.0|This is by far one of the best books ever written by a man who tried to understand the meaning of life.  I assume that Maugham tries to find the meaning of life by portraying himself as Larry who reads philsophy and  travels to many countries including India.  Maugham's prose is probably one  of the best that one can read.  This book has many meanings to life and it  is probably a good idea if one chooses to read it as many times as  possible.  Every time I read this book I always get some thing out of it.   This is a great book for relaxation.
0767805712|5.0|Absolute brilliance.  The message of Gattaca will inspire those with heart and honor those who can make the ultimate achievement.  Unable to rely on natural gifts that he does not have, and unwilling to let others dictate  his future, Vincent demonstrates what pure spirit is all about.  Irene, his  girlfriend, in awe of Vincent's feats, automatically attributes his success  to raw talent, not hard work.  That my friends, is how people who don't try  very hard live with themselves. If you are someone who has beat the elite  at their own game, through sheer heart, this movie is for you.
B00000INEX|4.0|A friend recommended this seriers of videos to us, and we are so glad she did! Our very energetic daughter can not stop for anything, yet she stops to watch and listen to Baby Bach. The first words out of her mouth each  morning are &quot;Bach, Bach&quot; (funny, given the chicken puppet that  shows up periodically). At any rate, she is interested, and really enjoys  these videos. They are recommend for children aged 1-3, so that may explain  why some of the parents of the younger infants may not be as satisfied as  we are.  Hang in there, it WILL be worth it.
0804102988|4.0|I read this novel as I was touring England for the first time and enjoyed the history even more. The stories around the families were interesting and kept my attention all the way through. I would recommend this to anyone who  loves English history even though it is primarily fiction. You'll still  come away with a sense of the wonder of it all.
0441003257|5.0|In response to some less positive reviews of this book, if you are looking for Douglas Adams style humor, go read a Douglas Adams book. If you're hoping to laugh out loud but find morbid situations generally morbid no  matter what the take on them: Hey, this is the apocalypse we're dealing  with, it doesn't get much funnier than this. This book is incredibly  amusing, particularly if you like Pratchett and Gaiman and think that a  cross between the two would make life significantly richer. Written in  Pratchett's style (Terry will tell you he did most of the physical  writing), this book brings together the light-hearted wit of Pratchett and  the dark imagination of Gaiman into one immensely satisfying tome. Loved  the ending. Aziraphale and Crowley are a comic pair to- err- nevermind...  :)
0380973464|5.0|This book is one of the best I have read for a while. It kept me up far too late at night. The characters are excellent. Looking at the other reviews its odd how much this book has polaried people - however don't let  them put you off. Press the button and buy a copy...
B00000IOSU|5.0|Luminous--so much more than good enough
0767800478|5.0|This movie made you believe that even though things might be going bad in your life.  You should always have faith that things could go your way. This is definitely a stand up and cheer movie.  You cheer for Nicholas Cage  and Bridget Fonda.  And laugh when Rosie Perez gets her just deserts.
6303407188|5.0|What can you say about a movie that features Johhny Depp in drag and brings Dracula back from the dead?  Have always loved Ed Wood's films and to see his life brought to the screen in such a realistic manner is great.   Ed Wood was a genius in his own mind and that can't be all bad.  Glad  Landau won the Oscar for his portrayal of Bela, he was fantastic, brought  tears to my eyes to think of what the Count came to in his old age, shame  on Hollywood for treating him that way.
6302752337|5.0|Great Biker Film.  Peter Fonda and Dennis Hooper are just to cool for words.  Jack Nicholson works great a comedy relief.
B0000024JA|5.0|Just as Meth will do, he tells it how it is.  Up until Wu-Tang Forever, this was the most powerful Wu disc.  This is also a must have for Wu fans
6304316267|5.0|When I first saw the Cannonball Run. It almost reminded me the movie, &quot;The Gumball Rally&quot;. Except in the Cannonball Run; the plot and the character are most interesting.  My favorite character in the film was  Captain Kaos.  Jackie Chan also has a marvelous cameo in this film.
0385484518|5.0|Being a Chico State graduate recently, I completely understood the relationship of the professor with the student.  You will not be able to put this book down once you start.  It's nice to read something so  heartfelt and true these days!
6300214753|5.0|Ferris Bueller is the Peter Pan of his generation. He makes you want to be young and innocently dangerous for the rest of your. Jennifer Gray does a great job for a pre-Dirty Dancing role.
B000002GG0|4.0|This album is not his best,but it has strong  sentimental value to many people,including myself. Foreigner Suite is unique;none of his other albums have any songs of its length(originally and entire album side.)It is one of  my favorite pieces of music,and it makes me feel strong emotions every time  that I hear it. True Cat Stevens fans have always loved this album,without  any regard for its lack of commercial success. My old album is almost worn  out;thanks for making it available on CD!
0671015206|5.0|Read past the first chapter of this book (which presents the extreme view), and read interpretively.  The authors are not necessarily saying that you should amass a great fortune without enjoying yourself along the  way.  What they are saying is that if you ever want to live your current  lifestyle independent of a paycheck (i.e. retire) then you need to build up  a reserve of self-sustaining wealth. And if your are spending all that  you're earning now on consumable items, then no matter how high your income  is you will never be able to save enough to support that same level of  expectation later.  So you will always live paycheck-to-paycheck and you  will experience a sharp decrease in living standard if you do retire.  The  point is that we need to plan our lifestyles/spending habits taking into  account the present AND the future.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Okay, fine. Apparently my first review was edited out, probably for seeming facetious. Calling this CD the culmination of 1000 years of Canadian history (starting with Leif Ericsson circa 1000) must have been a  poor use of hyperbole, so maybe I'll just keep it real, aight?<br />First a  little piece of my mind. Entertainment Weekly implied that  &quot;Mirrorball&quot; should be put in the same category as the Backstreet  Boys' &quot;Millenium&quot; in a pathetic attempt to pin mainstream  sell-out status on Ms. McLachlan. I don't understand how that magazine  continues to exist by printing such drivel. Someone better take some  smelling salts and wave them under the noses those editors, because anyone  who was awake would have never allowed such words to be published.  Look  kids, listen up. This CD is the bomb. It is amazing. If it's number one and  selling like new-age cappuccino in Seattle, it's only because the people  have spoken.<br />Anyone who has seen Sarah McLachlan live knows the  impeccable quality of her live performance, which was captured to a tee on  this recording. A couple of years ago I was fortunate enough to be dragged  out to Faneuil Hall in Boston to see her perform. People were literally  stacked on top of each other and hanging onto tree branches just to catch a  glimpse of her. &quot;These people are crazy,&quot; I thought. Then when  she took the stage and began her set, all the adulation made sense. I got  goosebumps. My friends were grinning from ear to ear. &quot;Are you guys  all right?&quot; I asked, entranced myself. &quot;Hee hee hee,&quot; they  replied. &quot;We definitely have a winner,&quot; I thought. <br />And did I  say how amazing this CD is? Can I repeat that again? The version of  &quot;Possession&quot; becomes fast and furious by the end and just KICKS.  The first ten seconds of &quot;The Path of Thorns&quot; will leave you  wondering if Sarah McLachlan is actually human, as her voice sounds  supernaturally ethereal. Andif you thought VH1 played the flat and  monotonous version of &quot;Adia&quot; from &quot;Surfacing&quot; ad  nauseam, this version makes up for it. And I can listen to this version of  &quot;Good Enough&quot; until my CD player falls apart from  exhaustion.<br />'Nuff said. Momma's talkin'. Go buy it.
B000002HPT|4.0|Though I'll admit that some of the songs on this album are long and excessively repetitive, Dream Theater still carries the prog. rock banner proudly into battle. For years Metallica was my favorite metal band, and  being a drummer myself, I was dazzled by Lars Ulrich's skill. Mike Portnoy  can play Lars under the table any day. To hell with keeping time, Mike's  playing style is more unique than the band's music itself. The band's  tightly interwoven musical interplay is fantastic and is guaranteed to keep  one riveted. keep it up!
B00000JGOJ|5.0|a great relationsip movie exploring different kinds of relationships and couples with a lot of layers.  how the movie combines the stories is awesome.
B00000J7JO|5.0|at first I thought it sucked, but after listening to it a couple times it's become the only CD I listen to.  Check out &quot;Otherside&quot;, &quot;Easily&quot;, and &quot;Around the World.&quot;
6301763041|3.0|This movie isn't really all that good, sorry, I am a John Waters fan, but this movie ain't no pink flamingos.  It has more funny parts than Hairspray, but Hairspray is more entertaining.  And it's not as good as any  of John Waters' 'Divine Comedies'. <br />But about the cast, Ricki Lake was  funnier in this than in Hairspray, and the music is better.  And I think  the girl that played Hatchet face is almost identical to Edith massey. John  Waters has said he would like to produce 'Flamingos Forever'.  This girl  could be Mama Edie, but I don't know who could be Babs.  I mean, Divine WAS  Babs.  Well, I don't know. Overall, this movie was just not as funny as  Polyester or his earlier works, and lacks the 'Independent' feel that makes  his movies loveable. ( or loath-able)
B00000BKDV|5.0|I will never be able to figure out how they do it! I work as a Hard Rock/Heavy Metal DJ and in my work I come across almost every album in the world within that genre. What Maiden has to offer isnt exactly anything  revolutionary when it comes to writing songs. Yet, these guys have managed  to capture millions of FAITHFULL listeners. The power in their music is  unique. All pieces put togheter creates perfection. YES! It is nothing  short of perfect. I know that every time I play a Maiden track the club  will go wild and just flourish (cool word!) with joy! Rule Britannia!
B000002UEB|5.0|This was an outstanding effort which unfortunately they were not able to duplicate.  The lyrics are outstanding and the album takes you an a journey that you never want to end.  This could easily be made into a movie  assuming the right people are involved.  You can listen to this 1,000 times  and you'll always feel moved by the story.
B00000I41G|5.0|I'm not a jazz expert, but when I listened to this version of &quot;Chitlins con carne&quot; I knew that I had found the supreme sexy-jazzy-bluesy number! The others songs are good too. &quot;Soul  lament&quot; reminds me of  spanish music, it is only Kenny and the guitar.  &quot;Mule&quot; builds the blues in a very gradual and engaging manner.  Great bass in this one! Burrell's phrasing is always tasteful, and the sax  sound is something! Some may miss a piano (there's not a single keyboard  note in the whole album) and I wouldn't mind if they had used trumpet a la  Miles Davis in some places, but the guitar-sax interplay is creative  enough.<br />This is a fine album that you can listen from beginning to end  and just have a good time!
0670880728|5.0|I highly recommend reading this book. I found it very funny, and have already lent it to 7 women who also loved it.
0671015206|5.0|This book makes the major point that people are wealthy because they are frugal.  This is more than true.  My father, who owned his own successful business taught me this priceless lesson early in life and it has served me  very well over the years.  Today I own my own company and I am financially  independent. This was only possible because my wife, kids and I live well  below our means.<br />Interestingly, the same frugality rule applies to  companies as well.  Businesses that greatly reward shareholders over long  periods are typically very frugal.  My favorite example is Fastenal Company  where CEO Kierlin still writes his own correspondence in an office  decorated with used furniture.  Kierlin simply states: \\"Frugality has  helped make us profitable and profitability is what you need to continue to  grow.\\"
B000002UV1|5.0|I listened to The Uplift Mofo Party plan for a long time. Damn that was a great album. NOBODY back then knew who the Chili Peppers were in my town. Then Mothers Milk came out.  Unbelievable. From the energy of Good Time  Boys and Johnny Kick a Hole in the Sky to the shake- your-booty funk of  Sexy Mexican Maid. This album really has it all. Some of Fleas best bass  work. Frusciante/Slovak. Its really been downhill from there. BSSMagic was  a low-fi sham, though I would have loved it had I not heard Mothers Milk  first. If you only get one more album, let it be this one.
B000005ILF|2.0|I've always been a BIG Sting fan but this one is his worst.  1985's Dream of the Blue Turtles has powerful songs as does 1987's Nothing but the Sun.  They both have songs about all kinds of subject matter.  Sting himself, on  MTV's unplugged, even said he likes to take his music from every subject.   1991's Soul Cages even shows that.  1995's Ten summoner's Tales is even  really good.  But unfortunately, this one is a flop.  Most of the songs are  about lost loves.  I've heard of artist's selling out to pop, but he has  sold out to crap this time.  I hope to see him get creative again in the  future.
0679416781|4.0|This book feels much like a dream, with bits and pieces of its various storylines falling into place over the length of the novel. The language is lovely, though frequently pretentious. It is full of contemplative  observations and philosophical meanderings, along with the bits and pieces  of the several plots. This is sometimes overdone. But the book nonetheless  sets a beautifully dreamy atmosphere for the reader.    I was not surprised  to see criticism on the factual aspects of the book; the youth of the  nurse, and several other bits and pieces of the novel struck me as rather  &quot;off&quot;. However, the human drama of the stories still holds merit.
B000002BMV|5.0|This is definitive JOURNEY! If you don't like THIS album, you won't like Like any of their others either(referring to &quot;boreing&quot; comment) Journey are comprised of very versatile players. Steve Smith(drums) is a  JAZZ player...(referring to &quot;burrying vocals  comment&quot;)...sometimes there will naturally be moments that can confuse  your average &quot;rock&quot; listener. Gee, I can always seem to hear  Perry's vocals fine. This album is a CLASSIC. songwriting, and vocals that  are to this day UN-MATCHED.
B00000J8EK|5.0|Wow!  I absolutely love this CD.  The Brothers are such a state of mind rather than a style of music.
6303913881|4.0|I first saw this movie in the theatres and it took me by surprise.  Despite the fact that I am not a prude and have watched more explicit movies in the past; I wasn't prepared for all the sex and luridness that  the film depicted. That's why I enjoyed it.  So many films today are so  predictable.  You have a pretty good idea what's going to happen before you  sit down in front of the screen.  But, this movie had me guessing all the  way through.   <br />Now, granted, the acting was not that great.  And, the  dialogue was hilarous and melodramatic at times, but I still found the film  highly entertaining. However, I feel that Elizabeth Berkeley's performance  was the worst.  Despite the poorly written script, the other actors in the  movie acted circles around her.  Yet, I still found her performance  enjoyable (and that's not just because her clothes were off most of the  time either). I can't say that about other bombs I've seen in the past.<br />    Ultimately, people watch movies to escape and for entertainment purposes.   And in my eyes, &quot;Showgirls&quot; succeeded. I don't know why someone  like myself who is discriminate, logical, analytical, and is concerned  about good quality acting and quality storylines/plots would love this  movie. I just do!!!
0894803123|4.0|This recipe book is great for ice cream lovers.  The recipes are easy to follow and the story of Ben and Jerry is fun to read.  There is a recipe in this book to satisfy everyone in your family.  Enjoy.
6305358613|5.0|Simply Grea
0446310786|4.0|I think this book accurately portrayed the struggles of colored people, while it deals with life as a child.  The main character nicknamed Scout asks many questions about the things around her and reveals the hearts of  many people in her neighborhood with her inoccence.  The social class  system of the South in the late 1920's and early 1930's  is shown as well.   Where from lowest to highest there are blacks, poor white trash, and  whites.  This book has a great court trial where a black man is accused of  raping a white girl. Also in Scouts life there is a scary neighbor that is  said to have stabbed someone with scissors.
B0000027RL|5.0|For all of u who think that Pearl Jam just jumped onto the &quot;grunge&quot; seen is completely wrong.  To say that they tried to copy Nirvana is a lie.  Stone Gassard (guitarist) made demos of soon to be  three pearl jam songs in 1989.  That is 2 years before Nirvana even broke  onto the scene.  Dont get me wrong i love Nirvana.  If Kurt Cobain were  still alive i am sure music would be different.  But since his untimely   passing Pearl jam will always be #1 and Nirvana #2.  And for all of u  people who say that Eddie is not a poet or a remotely good lyricist just  look at the lyrics to &quot;alive&quot; and the meaning of  &quot;black&quot;.  Those are true stories.  He is one of the best  lyricists of all time!! Keep on rockin the the free world!!!!
0375707972|3.0|Easily understandable but lacked emotional depth almost as if the author only allowed himself to feel a certain amount of anguish and angst in his recant.
0684867621|5.0|Many of you may not have liked this book, but PLEASE dont give away the story! I now have no purpose to read this, except to finish the book. THANK YOU VERY MUCH!
B000002I25|5.0|This recording is the best debut album, actually the best album, in the history of rock.  The Doors take us on a trip to realms never before approached, with an otherworldly psychedelic rock/blues sound and Jim Morrison's smooth and heavy and sensuous vocals.  The group explores the darker side of existence, with visual images that are striking yet also bleak. Things are seen, yet often not entirely.  But as William Blake/Aldous Huxley say, \\"When The Doors of Perception are cleansed, all things will appear as they are: infinite.\\"<br />Morrison's lyrics are the force behind the images, and they are supported by Robbie Krieger's aggressive, sometimes sinewy guitar, but it is Ray Manzarek's keyboards, mostly organ here, that are The Doors' trademark.  The sound is clear and fluid--fuzz boxes need not apply.<br />Morrison wrote almost all of the songs, but it was the one he didn't that blasted the group into prominence.  Robbie Krieger's \\"Light My Fire,\\" said by many to be the best thing they ever heard, is an erotic journey in which Manzarek's organ and Krieger's guitar each achieve a visual orgasm in sound.  They musically express attraction, passion, arousal, climax, and, in Ray's case, even breathing.  But while Ray's solo is majestic and ecstatic, with dramatic cadences, Robbie's explores the dark underside of consciousness, using a flamenco/latin sound with beautiful high-pitched motifs.  John Coltrane's \\"Ole\\" and \\"My Favorite Things\\" were influences, but this classic song clearly has its own structure, texture, and melody--it is The Doors' creation.  Let's not forget Jim's terrific opening and finale, either.<br />Fittingly, the opening track is \\"Break on Through (To the Other Side)\\"--the apotheosis of what the Doors represent.  One of the most tightly performed, hard-driving songs ever, it features a blend of sensuous dark rock and blues that burst outward in centripetal force, revolving around Morrison's verbal invitations to sex and violence, freedom and adventure in mystery.  <br />The next two songs are striking contrasts.  Based on a real-life soul food restaurant, \\"Soul Kitchen\\" relies on a simple instrumental line and a rousing two-chord chorus that nevertheless are perfect embellishments for Morrison's brilliant lyrics:<br />     The cars crawl past all stuffed with eyes<BR>     Streetlights shed their hollow glow<BR>     Your brain seems bruised with numb surprise<BR>     Still one place to go......<br />     Your fingers weave quick minarets<BR>     Speak in secret alphabets<BR>     I light another cigarette<BR>     Learn to forget...<br />Smoking in an urban restaurant, sinking into a numbing state of alcoholic relaxation, where will you sleep?  On the other hand, \\"The Crystal Ship,\\" absolutely beautiful and highly evocative, explores fleeting romance within an acid-induced setting, before she \\"slips into unconsciousness.\\"  A lovely piano solo is sandwiched between Jim's soft but fabulous singing.<br />The album's theatrical atmosphere is most marked in the next two songs.  \\"Twentieth Century Fox\\" is an amusing commentary on Hollywood startlets (or a certain kind of woman?), with excellent sarcastic lyrics by Jim surrounded by up-and-down instrumental crescendos and a, hey, ever-so-sexy chorus.  The sound is more straightforward rock blues, sort of Rolling Stones-like.  \\"The Alabama Song (Whiskey Bar)\\" is the Doors' catchy interpretation of the tune from Brecht/Weill's opera \\"The Rise and Fall of the City of Mahoganny,\\" with decadent lyrics.  The other cover is Willie Dixon's blues \\"Back Door Man,\\" in which The Doors heavily adapt the structure to fit Morrison's dramatic needs and forceful singing.<br />In \\"End of the Night,\\" the group invokes the themes of Celine, again relying on Krieger's high-pitched guitar twangs in support of Morrison's journey in darkness down an endless highway to the \\"Bright Midnight.\\"  \\"Take It as It Comes\\" has an un-Doors-like optimistic character (but Robbie insists Jim wrote the verse and lyrics), featuring dazzling keyboards by Ray swirling around the opening signature of \\"Light My Fire.\\"<br />I feel \\"The End\\" is overrated, particularly the Oedipal section, but it is very atmospheric, dreary and murky, forever clarifying for those who had any doubt that The Doors' Hearts are in Darkness.
630237250X|5.0|13123123123123
B000002O96|5.0|I've got this on LP in the states, but I no longer live in the states. I thought I could find it on amazon.com and nearly cried when I couldn't. This is one of the coolest/finest musical experiences there is to be had.  It's not well known at all, and it's some thing that deserves to be handed  down before it's gone forever.
B00000I8NC|5.0|Moya is the coolest song ever. GodspeedYBE have the coolest sleeves too. I don't really understand this one at all. The passage on the inner sleeve, maybe someone can enlighten me? Jeremiah??  The GodspeedYBE rip offs are  already coming. Everytime you hear them, just remind yourself that Godspeed  did it before they did. And did it the best.
B00000IPAX|5.0|i bought dude ranch when it came out, and from then on i was hooked. i went back and got cheshire cat, and it was also up to par. then i heard blink 182 was coming out with a new album, and i knew i must get it and i  did, and i still love this band as much, if not more, than i did at the  beginning. Adam's song and What's My Age Again? are two great songs, but  then again, all the songs on Enema of the State are worth listening  to......THIS IS IS MUST BUY FOR EVERYONE.....plus Blink is witty, so thats  cool too....5 stars of course!!!
B00000I78Y|5.0|System of a Down is by far the MOST tallented band i have ever hear!!!   All of thier songs are fresh and new and have a unique style all their own!!  Anyone who doesent like this band must not know what tallent is!!    I cannot think of enough good things to say about this band!  THEY ROCK!
0899663036|5.0|This was a wonderful novel about the hopes and dreams of a young girl growing up in the slums of Brooklyn. Beautifully touching, it not only enables you to relate to your own life, but also allows you to immerse  yourself into the world of Francie Nolan. Her experiences teach you about   life, love, and dreams. You will not be able to put this book down. I  highly recommend it, and it is definitely worth every minute of your time.
B000002LE6|5.0|What other musician can incorporate God and sex together in the same song and pull it off so that it's not corny or preachy?  What other musician writes lyrics filled with spirituality and funk which lead 2 introspection  by the listener?  <br />Lovesexy is the gospel according 2 Prince.  In his own  words, it is his gospel album.  With it, he reveals his perception of God  and opens himself up to millions of people.  This revelation and openness  may explain the liberal cover of Lovesexy, which works well with the intent  of the album.  Lovesexy intertwines spirituality and sexuality in such a  way that u can only experience that idea if u listen 2 the CD in its  entirety.  Hence, the CD is only one track, in a sense leading u 2wards  salvation and away from evil and negativity.  Have u had u're plus sign  2day???
B00000IO4J|5.0|I really liked this one!  The cast was wonderful, and when they showed the alien swimming in the pool I FREAKED!!!  It was great!  No, I won't purchase this one until the price goes down (which it will), but it's an  enjoyable horror flick, well-worth seeing!
B000002L7R|5.0|After the Rain came the thunder.  Purple Electricity illuminated the sky.  Many wanted the Rain 2 continue, but it would not 4 he did not want it 2.  Go around the world in a day and succumb to your vices.  <br />Enter Paisley  Park and swing from its chandelier.  Beat u're Tamborine until u no longer  hear the annoying screams of those who ONLY want the Rain.  Climb The  Ladder and end your search.  The Temptation is great isn't it?  So is the  reward!
078062565X|5.0|I have seen this video and unfortunatly the fabled spider footage is NOT included.  It is a superior print of the film though with good sound and image quality.
6304078102|4.0|I loved this movie. It was beautiful and down-to-earth. No smut or 4-letter words thrown around in every line.  Just a nice family movie. I rated it a full tissue movie. I cried and cried. Being a musician the music  touched my heart. Plan to buy it to have on my shelf.
B000002BQK|5.0|This is a great CD!! I bought this and the video, Around the World, and both were great!! She looks and sounds really nice on both of them!! I love those high sounds she does  with her voice. Sorry Britney, not everyone  needs special effects!! This is a great CD!!!!!!!
6303140157|5.0|This movie was great.  The musical scene at the end just makes you want to jump up and dance.  I've never seen part one, but if its anything like this one then I will have to rent it.
B00000IQBM|5.0|Jack Nicholes was he perfect person to be for this role.  He had a great attitude and a great role, he made it look like he was really changing his peraonally i have seen this movie over 200 times in a year its the best.
6301942647|5.0|This is one of my all-time favorite movies.  The cinematography is breathtaking.  Kurosawa's exploration of the human condition is beautiful to watch.  Every time I see this film, I come away with something new.    Kurosawa was truly a master.  This film should be seen by everyone.
0137549202|5.0|This book is the Bible of DSP.  If you wish to learn about digital filtering, this is the first book you should get.  It will most likely be the only book you need.
B000005J56|5.0|After seeing the movie, this CD totaly compliments and adds more life, rythm and depth to an already  wonderful piece of work.<br />This CD will have you searching for more Cuban music and its history.
630518299X|5.0|After &quot;Cable Guy&quot; I never really thought I would see another such scarey comedy. Along come &quot;The Truman Show&quot; with the vastly underrated (why was he not nominated for and Oscar?) Jim Carrey again  giving the kind of performance that is not only rare but barely exists in  movies outside of Europe and certainly never seen in american film.  Carrey's cartoon persona brilliantly matches Peter Weir's vision of a life  permanently on line. The&quot;Oh my God&quot; factors leap at you as an  unsuspecting audience and treat you as an intelligent beast instead of  feeding the usual predicatable pap we have grown accustomed to. See this  movie and then watch it again immediately afterwards.
B00000GJ2B|5.0|This film is absolutely fantastic.  DeNiro and Pesci are great and Scorcese succeeds in everything he attempts to do.  It is one of the greatest character studies of all time... but that is all it is, a  phenomenal character study.  No matter how much you may love this movie, it  is absurd to say it is the best film of all time as many reviewers here  have (that is ofcourse except for the jackass who wrote a completely  negative review while giving it a five star heading).  Also, there is no  need to put down the Deer Hunter, as a review below does, it is one of the  few films of the seventies and maybe even ever to be superior to Raging  Bull, in my opinion.  It may have a few more flaws and may have not been as  obviously brilliantly directed and executed all around, but it deals with  greater concepts and ideas of war and the people involved.  This ofcourse  brings me back to my original point that a character study of one figure,  no matter how brilliant, has definate limitations on its level of greatness  in film over all.
630018403X|5.0|I watched this movie with my son.  We both loved it!  Afterwards we talked and talked.  Not only did I learn a lot about my son but he learned I was able to understand him and we now have a very open line of communications!
6302054982|5.0|Goodfellas is one of the few movies I can watch over and over again.  I have seen Goodfellas probably 50 or more times and I still love every minute of the flick.  A definite 5 star rating!!
078401213X|5.0|Pi offers what few films do today, the opportunity to think long after the closing credits. For me, it rekindled my interest in higher mathematics and the Einsteinian theory that God was the first engineer (and you can bet  your bottom dollar He doesn't play dice against the universe). Be prepared  to be moved.
B000005JA8|3.0|Robert Christgau, when reviewing Doc at the Radar Station, wrote that Beefheart's compromises are more fascinating than most bands' wildest dreams.  I have to agree.  I love Beefheart's compromises. Doc is a fine  album, and Bat Chain Puller is probably my favorite.  But Trout Mask  Replica I just don't get.  Oh, it's got nothing to do with the music being  too weird or different.  Rather, I just find it a bit dull (don't get mad,  folks, I'm just sharing my opinion).  Maybe it has to do with the fact that  I'm only 28 and like my music a bit more dangerous (punk, say) and the  Captain's early albums have just a little too much of that laid-back,  hippie, jazz-cum-blues-cum-poetry thing going.  Don't get me wrong, that's  just fine, and plenty of folks love that stuff.  And I have to admit, the  Captain's music has definitely, DEFINITELY helped me appreciate other bands  (Sonic Youth immediately comes to mind, or the off-kilter, choppy beats of  Sleater-Kinney).  Unfortunately, every time I listen to TMR, I start kind  of falling asleep about a third of the way through.<br />I'd love to hear  people enlighten me (convince me) of what I'm not hearing.  Sometimes I  really do belive the Captain is a genius (when I hear Sugar 'N' Spikes, I  Love You, You Big Dummy, Ashtray Heart, Lick My Decals Off, Baby (the  song), Veteran's Day Poppy), but I can only take so much of Hairpie (both  bakes), especially when the Captain plays not one, but TWO, saxophones  simultaneously.
0871137380|5.0|As an avid reader of military history, I was taken aback by this incredibly riviting book.  This single book kept me reading through two days of travel through a number of airports.  I really could not put it  down.  I found myself feeling for and praying for those soldiers.
B000002GFT|5.0|I LOVE this album! I heard it for the first time just recently.  Prior to this, I'd been an 'old'  Pentangle fan who had become disappointed in their recent works, and ventured off into new territory. This album is right up  there with my favorite Pentangle albums....Tam Lin is something I'm playing  over and over. So vivid....so beautiful....so haunting. I can SEE the story  of Janet and Tam Lin and their triumph over the Fairy Queen. I did try  'What We Did On Our Holiday' which I found quite ordinary in comparison to  this collection of riveting pieces. Thank you!
0449002632|5.0|Rutherford makes history come alive! His account of the lives of several families from the time just before Christ and into the 20th century is a remarkable read.  It truly is one of the best historical fictions I've read  and one that you can't put down.  Enjoy!
6300214753|5.0|Ferris Bueller's is definetely one of the funniest movies ever made, from beginning to end (literally).  I've watched it thousands of times and laugh all over again.  I highly recommend it.  &quot;Ferris Bueller, you're my  hero.&quot;
6300151379|5.0|A classic story that will never die. For those of you who have seen this wonderful fairytale (and for those who would like to enjoy it for the first time) and can't find the movie anywhere, check out the Disney channel every  once in a while they play it. I first saw this movie when I was very young  and it stayed in my memory for years until I got it on video. The music is  unforgettable and the storyline timeless.A wonderful watch. You'll never  wish your siblings away after encountering the Golblin King!
0792839730|5.0|A Bridge to Far is one of my favorite films of all time. The scope of this movie is so large it can almost be called the Titanic of the 70s due to its length and huge budget for the times. It is so rare to find a film full of  so many stars and still pay attention to detail, plot and characters.  Truely an under rated classic. The only problem with this film is the  sound. When released on video the sound was not done well with the quality  and volume being very uneven. You go from having to turn up the volume to  hear the dialog and then down when the music starts off. It was my hope  when this film was released on DVD that this problem was going to be fixed.  Alas it looks like they simply took the sound track strait from the VHS  video strait to the DVD. Pitty although I still recommend this classic  strongly.
6304916558|5.0|Great Movie!It is a great movie for James Bond fans!
0553470485|5.0|The book, &quot;Charlotte's Web&quot; has been reviewed much more thoroughly than I ever could.  What I would like to say is that my husband and I have, for the past few years, made it a point to listen to E. B.  White's telling of the story on the anniversary of his birth, July 11(this  year is his centennial). What I would also like to say is that he did such  a wonderful job with all of the characters, especially Templeton and the  garrulous geese!  I will be forever grateful that he wrote this book and  recorded it!
0671867369|4.0|This book is very easy to read and comprehend, and it does give you vivid mental images of the various battle scenes through its plain yet GI orientated writing style. At times, you feel almost as if you were right  there with the platoon, especially the chapter on Bastogne. It is  recommended that anyone interested in WWII or soldiering should read this.
0800137884|5.0|When I first saw this movie it was kinda weird at first but wonderful when it got to the end. Gary Oldman did and brilliant job as the Count Dracula. Winona Ryder was truely a classic beauty as Mina Murray. Francis did a  great job with the scenes. Hope one more horror film of his will be made.
B000002KKS|5.0|Music blows these days. There's no good metal. It seems that it's all been done. And most of it was done first by Sabbath. Now there are some personalities/talents/voices in metal that are one-of-a-kind. Angus Young.  David Lee. Gene Simmons. Bruce Dickinson. And, of course, Ozzy. Sabbath  with Ozzy kicks ass. It was innovative. But, being a fan of Ronnie James's  voice, I gave this album a try (starved for something, anything different  good -- how many crappy CDs can you buy in a year...it's been getting  sickening.) THIS CD ROCKS. It ROCKS HARD. Immediately from the opening tune  Neon Nights...and it doesn't stop. Killer guitar (where did guitar like  this go???). Killer vocals. What an all out rocker. I highly recommend this  to any metal fan (or just fans of great, electric guitar.)
B000002H72|5.0|Gouge Away is THE BEST SONG IN THE WORLD
630438551X|4.0|I hadn't planned to watch this movie.  But a young friend made me promise to watch it when it came to cable.  I assumed it would be some hokey Gen X version that I would have no interest in.  Besides, I have no real interest  in Shakespere.  Anyway, it came to cable, and I watched it.  Looks like  I'll have to eat crow.  I was absolutely stunned by its audacious  stylishness.  It was a romp from beginning to end.  Everyone gave superb  performances, except for DiCaprio and Daines, who were merely good enough.  They could have found a sexier woman to play Juliet.  John Leguizamo and  Harold Perrineau Jr. gave especially noteworthy performances.  It was a  real delight to watch these thoroughly modern characters so effortlessly  speak Elizabethan english.  Is this a serious and faithful adaptation of  the play?  Of course not, but who cares?  It's just plain fun.  This is  definitely on my list of cinematic &quot;guilty pleasures.&quot;
B00000DLV1|4.0|30 June 1999.  You should get this just because the cover is**** weird, the video is not from this planet and tracks 3,4 and 5 are the best songs in the world.   P.s.  I've never heard P before but now I think I like  them.
0780623134|5.0|Let me quote from Leonard Maltin's online review of Stanley Kubrick's &quot;Barry Lyndon&quot;: &quot;Exquisite, meticulously detailed period piece. Long, deliberately paced but never boring.&quot;  This is the same  person who called &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot;: &quot;Well crafted  but terribly overlong, and hollow and predictable.&quot;  In point of fact,  the canvases of both films are essentially the same, right down to the  voice-over narration.  Apparently, Mr. Maltin had a good night in 1975 and  a bad night in 1994, and such are the vagaries of film criticism.  I try  never to read reviews; they are but sirens to the shipwreck of enjoyment.   If &quot;The Shawshank Redemption&quot; is &quot;predictable&quot;, then  it's predictable in the way a folk tale is predictable.  What about the joy  of the trip?  And &quot;hollow&quot;?  I'm speechless.
6305308659|5.0|How can Marshall Fine claim &quot;Pleasantville&quot; was hyped by many critics just for it's spectacular effects?  Yes, the technological wonders of this movie is marvelous.  But, there is lot more to this movie than just  great special effects. Whether you agree or disagree with symbolism and  messages in &quot;pleasantville&quot; to real life, you have to agree that  it makes you think.  If you prefer your movies to be &quot;no Brainer&quot;  with just great visuals and audios, then there are many movies to satisfy  your needs.  But, if you prefer to leave your &quot;thinking cap&quot; on,  maybe even discuss your thoughts with others about the movie afterwards,  then this is a movie for you.  As an extra bonus, you get stunning visual  and audio as well in &quot;pleasantville&quot;.
B000005J56|4.0|As much as we are thankfull for assembling this group of fantastic people, we are really frustreted by his guitar and his pinkfloidish Taaaaeeeeeeeeeeeen that have NOTHING to do with the atmosphere of the disk.  He looks like he said: &quot;I paid for this, I gotta be in it too!&quot;   He makes me skip two songs!
B00000JGOH|5.0|This movie is excellent on all levels.  Obviously it's not accurate, but that's part of the fun - to just imagine what if . . . (Besides, anyone check the outrageous revisionism of Elizabeth?) As for the continuing  debate over who was better, Paltrow or Blanchett - how ridiculous! Both  actresses were stunning in their parts.  Blanchett's dramatic role was sure  to turn heads.  However, Paltrow was able to deliver the words of  Shakespeare smoothly and keep a sense of comic timing.  Both aspects are  extremely subtle, and difficult to do well, and therefore deserving of the  prize.  Having said all that, this film was, without a doubt, the best of  last year.  Sentient, witty and clever.  A breath of fresh air.
0783211856|5.0|I have now watched this movie 5 or 6 times. The use of black and white was brilliant, it dated the time period and also dismissed any contentions that it was meant to be simply bloodthirsty. Showing the gruesome scene where  the ghetto was attacked was necessary to help explain what triggered  Schindler to find sympathy for the people. Apparently the bit about the red  coat was an actual survivor's memory of his daughter.   This was truth,  sorry if the script didn't tickle or seduce. It was a deadly serious  masterpiece!!  Not 100% of Germans were bad, nor 100% Jews were good, but  we are watching human nature at work, and I'm thankful that Speilberg came  up with such a brilliant ending!!! The first time (in the theatre) I didn't  realise that some of the people coming over the hill were actual Schindler  survivors, not just the cast until halfway through, but I cried and still  cry whenever I replay that scene. He ends it by giving us hope.<br />As to the  comments about violence and also the violence in Private Ryan, this is life  portrayed with incredible realism, folks. Speilberg doesn't deal in  gratuitus violence, and the most violent scene I've ever seen him film was  the dumping of slaves off the Amistad, that really haunted me with no drop  of blood in sight!! If you can't stomach realism, watch Disney instead.
0590353403|4.0|This book is about a young but famous wizard  learning about his past and starting a life in a whole new world!
6305499365|5.0|Mike Judge creates a hilarious masterpiece from the beginning to the end in &quot;Office Space&quot;. It makes you take a second look at Corporate America and see all the flaws it has. The best scene were the copier bashing scene, the scene where Michael Bolton (no, not the singer)  was raping while a black man came by, and when Milton gets pissed off at  the company. This movie is definately worth seeing.
B00000JCB2|2.0|Well I hated this cd because they love to copy peoples songs and try to get rich, hey Fred Hurst you need to rehearse, you need to reverse what your saying!!!
0440224764|1.0|I can't believe books this awful actually make the bestseller list.  It just proves that our society is full of simplistic drones who will read any piece of trash from a well known name with a good review from a hyped up  entertainment magazine.  I can't think of one redeeming quality in this  book.  I am ashamed to say I read the whole thing.  At least I didn't buy  it.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|I never knew that Jennifer Lopez could sing this well. I would definitely recomend buying this CD. #1 and #7 are good songs and #5 is a very good dancing song! I am pleased and glad I purchased the CD.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I very much enjoyed this departure from Carlos. Most of the cuts have that Santana feel to them but add a new twist, especially with the guest artists.  The only disappointments are the opening rap by L. Hill and a  simply horrible cut with Dave Matthews sounding like a buzzsaw. Other than  that, many enjoyable sounds and a great addition to the Santana library.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Well. I thought this soundtrack was great.Some of the best music i've ever heard.The Deul of Fates totally rocks.If you are gonna buy a CD this summer buy this
B000009ED0|5.0|KIllER CD one of the BEST, out there today. I think that many people would agree with me, in saying that it is a great cd!!!
1561007773|5.0|This was a better book than the 1st book.  He uses extreme detail and allowed me to visualy see the story inside my head.  Not many books can do that for me.  Great job Terry!!!!!!!!
B000002U8G|4.0|While many will argue that anything after Piper at  the Gates of Dawn is either dull experimentalism or pretentious product, this album cannot justifiably be knocked.  All the Floyd are in top form: Waters, with  uncharacteristically optimistic lyrics on Fearless; Gilmour's diverse  style, from blues (Seamus) to jazz (San Tropez) to rock (One of These  Days); Wright's epic organ on Echoes; and even the much-maligned Mason  plays with authority throughout, very notable in Live at Pompeii-a good  compliment to a good album.  I heard this only after DSoTM, WYWH, The Wall  and  TDB, and it enticed me to check further into Floyds back catalogue.  I  rarely listen to those monster albums anymore, mostly because they're  either on the radio or already swimming around in my head.  But the lesser  known albums still require frequent rekindling, and for this reason have a  special place in my heart.  After this one, go to your local used CD store  and pickup Saucerful, and then, after you score some acid or shrooms, get  Piper...its unparalleled as far as creativity and originality, no doubt  Floyd's best.  It showcases the vision of Syd Barrett-whose genuine lyrics  and madness make the work more intriguing than Waters' mostly common  themes.  Give it a chance (I  didn't like it right away) and like all of  Pink Floyd's music, LISTEN TO THE LYRICS!!!
6304057709|5.0|I absolutely loved it.  From the beginning, both Emma Thompson's and Kate Winslet's performances as the Dashwood sisters were fabulous and most realistic.  Hugh Grant was also perfect in his role, and I enjoyed seeing  Alan Rickman in a good-guy role in a movie.  The costumes, the secenery,  all contributed to one fantastic experience.
0767811038|4.0|This film most resembles Robocop in its mixture of very black humor and brutal action. The effects are superb (easily as good if not better than Star Wars Episode 1) and they bring to life the Earth of the future. But  the earth is a weird kind of place where everyone is good looking, or  brilliant and there seems to be no poverty. But there is the evil bug  planet...    The brutal action demonstrates that war is hell but it is also  some kind of comment on the strange militaristic society depicted in the  film. The characters are sort of cardboard cutouts, but as someone else  said here, the film is really more like a bringing to life of a old  fashioned sci-fi comic story. The film also has a lot of humor in it. The  news/TV flashes, like the ones in Robocop, are often hilarious and the  sheer narrative drive of the story ensure that you are caught up in the  action.    If you hate violent films then you will probably hate this too.  The violence is clearly not \\"real\\" though (since when have you  seen giant man-killing bugs?), so much less disturbing than Saving Private  Ryan. If you have a black sense of humor and enjoyed Robocop, then this is  probably a movie you will want to own.     A classic sci-fi action film.
630027120X|5.0|Superior talents, DeNiro and Irons entertain, inspire, and educate via this most powerful film of base desire and instinct transformed to shining spirit.  One of my favorites, I've viewed this film so many times I can't  count and I never tire of the story, the action, the actors.
6304711921|5.0|Forget the kids.  Sit back and enjoy this film for yourself.  Although it's never lacking in entertainment or originality, it does owe a lot to the silent German expressionist films (especially &quot;The Cabinet of Dr.  Caligari&quot;).  That being said I can only applaud Burton and his crew  for daring to be different in this world of cookie cutter animation.  If  you look at the other reviews you'll find that they managed to offend a few  of the viewers.  Well I find that's usually true of a great film, and this  is in every respect a great film.
B000002H97|5.0|This is THE ONE classic album that everybody has to have
0671015206|4.0|The book is full of good common sense, but the formula they use to determine if you're a UAW or a PAW is nonsense.  I've been saving 30% of my income for years, and in five years my net worth has been multiplied by  ten, yet the formula shows that I'm a UAW.  That's because until about five  years ago I had no substantial income at all.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I have every album Ms. B has done so far, every one as special as the last.  Eden is no exception.  Her operatic melodies and rewrites are breathtaking...her Italian version of My Heart Will Go On would make Celine  hide under a rock...And if you get the chance to see Sarah Brightman live,  her One Night in Eden tour is NOT TO BE MISSED.  I spent $200 to sit 5th  row center and would do it ALL OVER AGAIN.  Sarah, thank you for your gift  of voice.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Definetly the best album ive head in a long time.Even better than three doll bill y'all,the debut album.Definety for people who like their mix of hip-hop and rap all in one cd.Limp Bizkit is the best band ever and it  deserves the 5 stars it got
0440178002|5.0|This exciting and engrossing book deals with the first Englishman in Japan in 1600 and with Japanese unification. It left me enthused with the samurai lifestyle and ancient Japan. This is the best book that I have ever read.
B00000IPAX|5.0|i love this cd , everytime i put it in i just feel better ya know. i really suggest buying the cd you'd definitely be impressed and glad you bought it. it is one of those cds that really you can't live without.  besides the guys are hott!
6303114946|5.0|One thing I forgot to mention in this wonderful family film (other than don't let the words `family film' put you off seeing this outstanding movie), is the remarkable performance by Max Pomeranc as Josh Waitzkin.   While the whole cast is truly wonderful, Max literally IS the movie because  of his sensitive portrayal of the child genius.  I can think of no child  actor who could have brought as much honesty and sensitivity to the screen  as did this boy.
6303471714|5.0|A very intense workout.  I thought it was clear and easy to follow and Cindy was calm and not as perky as a lot of other video instructors are.  Was a bit hard on my knees at first but that could be worked around.  The  benefits far outweighed the very few bad points.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Buy this cd. it is great and limp bizkit sound more mature this time. the songs here fit into lots of different type of music. anyone who enjoy great music should give it a try.
0385006896|5.0|This book centers around the most famous character in all of fiction, and contains the best detecitve stories ever written. One might as well own them all, as this fine volume allows. True, Doyle was uneven, and his  novels didn't always live up to his stories, but heck, it's all amusing,  and there's no excuse for missing a single adventure.
6304457391|5.0|Burt Lancaster, Kirk Douglas, and Frederick March are outstanding in this thiller about the attempted takeover of the government by the military.  It is a movie that will keep you in your seat as the tension mounts, and boy,  does it ever mount!  The entire cast is terrific.<br />Burt Lancaster plays  the popular general, Kirk Douglas his adjutant, and Fredrick March as the  unpopular president.  Douglas accidently picks up information on a secret  military maneuver, and because he has been left out of the `loop', decides  to investigate.  The deeper he probes, the more sinister it all  appears.<br />Although most of these great political thrillers were made at  the height of the cold war, don't let the political changes sway you in not  seeing this motion picture.  I can't recommend it highly enough.  Between 1  and 10, \\"Seven Days in May\\" gets a 10.
B000002L7R|5.0|I've loved this album from the day he put it out in 1985. Prince proved himself on this album by taking chances and not just putting out a &quot;Purple Rain Part II&quot; type album.  I think &quot;America&quot;,  &quot;Condition of the Heart&quot;, &quot;Tambourine&quot; and &quot;Pop  Life&quot; are some of his best songs.  Of course, it also contains the  classic &quot;Raspberry Beret.&quot;
6303965415|4.0|I watched this movie before I read Jane Austen's &quot;Persuasion&quot;.  When I first watched it, it seemed extremely slow -- nothing was happening!  Towards the ending things got better, but I wasn't that impressed.<br />Then  I bought the book and read it.  From a strict  movie entertainment level  from the first viewing, I would give this film 3 stars.  However, from its  capturing of the essense of the book, it deserves 5 stars.  Upon first  watching it, I was confused by Amanda Root, who isn't that attractive but  gets the handsome Captain Wentworth at the end.   However, I see that this  reflects the book, where Anne has lost her bloom and is thus not as  beautiful as she once was, but the strength of character and true love  between the two wins out.<br />The other reviewers here were right -- this  movie gets better and better upon watching it multiple times.  It's a very  quiet movie in a way, but full of gentle nuances that are really quite  powerful once you get into that mindset.
B000002UAX|5.0|Not all of these may be the Beatles' best work, but some of them certainly are. Furthermore, saying something is not the Beatles' best work in no way diminishes it, since just about any of the Beatles' work is hardy,  towering, inventive, and brilliant. Therefore I give it five stars.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication is proof that the chemistry of the band is complete once again! With the return of John Frusciante, the unique sound has triumphantly reemerged. Songs like &quot;Get on Top&quot; and &quot;I like  Dirt&quot; make it seem as though you are the listening to the best free  style session ever. Anthony Kiedis has come full circle with an array of  vocals that are both tender yet adrenaline driven. This album is a must buy  if you are serious about listening to great music, otherwise stick with the  Backstreet Boyz. Good Job RHCP!
0553296981|5.0|The Diary of Anne Frank is an incredible book that will leave the reader examining their own soul, ready to look beyond hate themselves, and with a sense of great loss that Anne was killed at such a young age. Anne speaks  truthfully and with astounding insight, inspiring you to find beauty in the  world and within yourself. Many people have said, &quot;It is terrible that  Anne died so young because she could have really given something to the  world.&quot;  I believe that she has--Anne gave the world hope,  inspiration, and strength through her diary. Almost anyone who reads it  will finish this book as a better person.
0800116917|4.0|This movie had it all, good acting, wicked setting... good story.  It just didn't quite draw me in though... I dunno, it was REALLY good, but not the great movie that would warrant 5 stars.  The film making was superb, the  shots they had were sweet... but like I've said, it just didn't draw me  in... I liked it immensely and recommend it to EVERYONE, I just don't think  it should be as high as #5 on AFI's list... maybe the high ranking was for  effort, because man oh man... shooting in the desert has to be tough.
0553108034|5.0|I think those three words just about sum up how I feel about A Clash of Kings and A Game of Thrones. A Game of Thrones is the only 700 plus page book I've ever read 4 times (and I will probably read it again even though  my hardcover copy is starting to fall apart), and A Clash of Kings is  catching up (read it twice so far). It's true a lot of people die in these  books, but reading them makes you feel so alive! When I read them I grip  the books so tight I practically leave my handprints. Best books I've ever  read. I can't wait for A Storm of Swords!
0792156684|2.0|Well, the DVD of Titanic could have been spectacular.<br />What does the DVD have that the VHS tape doesn't have besides the obvious better sound/picture?  Not much.  It's not enhanced for widescreen TV's, but at  least the studio can rerelease it in a couple of years.  There's no  commentary tracks, which could have been very interesting, and there's no  special features of note in what is considered a special movie.<br />As for  the movie, it was fun to watch the first time, but was there ever any doubt  that Jack would die?  Not for me.  I would've only bought the movie if it  had lots of features - 'cause it loses ALOT going to small screen from  theater.
0800136586|5.0|This film is one of the greatest musicals ever made.  The music, the choreography, the acting are the key ingredients to a great musical and Annie has it all.  It was my favorite film as a child and still is one of  my favorites.  If I ever feel down, hearing the opening bars of the song  &quot;Tomorrow&quot; will make me let out my sadness and then I feel  better.  Ann Reinking is absolutely incredible as Grace Farrell.  She is a  brilliant, inspirational dancer who has the most graceful movements.   Aileen Quinn is so memorable as the lead.  She is a great actress who has  remained in my mind as my favorite child star.  This movie is a must-own  for the musical lover.  I certainly enjoy it every time.
0790729687|5.0|What can i say I love this movie. The vary first time i saw this movie i was enthralled by it.  Though I always find mysalf wishing for a happier end for louie but I know the movie would loses its majestic quality if it  did. I love the poetic way Lestat speakes and the way Louie well... is. I  love the development of all the characters.  And contrary to what one of  the people below me will say Tom Crusie is the only one you could ever  picture as Lestat. Its a whole new concept for him and he excels at it. And  Brad Pitt my god you coulden't ask for better.  I'll admit that not only is  this movie great but the stars are hott. I always find mysalf wishing I  were Kirsten Dunst. This movie in truth is a must have for any collection.  It is deep but manages to maintain a playful adittude. BUY IT!!!!!! :D :P  :D
157492589X|1.0|I have purchased 3 copies of this video and have not had one that is watchable.  Please note, this is not specifically related to this particular video.  I have had similar experiences with other very long  movies that would normally take 2-3 tapes, but have been compressed to 1.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album is like a drug..addiction is inevitable... Hypnotic, Haunting, and Beautiful...O.K. Computer is a classic!!!...I cant believe something like this was created by a human mind....
0767800958|4.0|The Tango Lesson has wonderful choreography that really left me on the edge of my seat.  The scenes were also very well filmed as the camera angles complimented the dancing.  The male lead (I forget his name) is an  excellent dancer who learns a lesson or two from Sally Potter.  I  thoroughly enjoyed the film as I was inspired to take Tango Lessons.  The  locations used in the film were breathtaking at times.  If you have ever  been to Paris, you'll want to jump on a plane and go back!
B000002BQK|5.0|Those who dont like it, too bad!!!! This is a great CD!! Mariah writes almost all of her songs, so they are great and original! The way she sings is unbelieveable!! Still able to hit those awesome HIGH notes!! YOU WILL  LOVE THIS CD!! Its a good buy!!!!!!!
6300182282|5.0|Where can I find the soundtrack , or the main theme song of the movie
B00000JHAU|5.0|This is album is soft, pretty, and very relaxing..with wonderful and sometimes twisted lyrics...If you enjoy great music..then Belle &amp; Sebastian is for you!!!
6305451591|5.0|This film has it all. You laugh, you cry, and youfeel good about life after seeing this film. It's one of the most heartwarming film experiences I have ever been through. This should be required viewing. It makes you  feel good about life, and for a few hours forget your own problems.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I would like to commend Mrs. Houston for putting out a piece of work that out does her competition.  Its full of life and flavor.  The dance Mix gets you moving and energizes the soul.  Two thumbs up ! Collaboration among  this artist along with her friends is a real treat.
6304602898|4.0|Simply superb special effects. Definitely under-rated movie. I am glad to see it released on DVD. It's definitely going to be in my collection.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This kicks.  I like almost every limp bizkit song of all time, and this cd, really kicks.  SO, go out and buy it!
0792140923|5.0|Forrest Gump is a great story teller.  It not only tells the story of one man's adventure.  But the entire story of growing up American.
0062502182|5.0|I first heard of this book from a very spiritual German man during a layover in an airport in Germany, who insisted I obtain a copy of the Alchamist and read it immediately. I had left my school, friends and all  securities behind to move to Italy and see what my future held. This book  helped me verbalize how I was feeling and it gave me a sense of comfort and  determination. I read this book in one day and immediately e mailed all my  friends in the US and told them to read it for themselves. It's a fable  about following your dreams as well as a heart warming tale, that  encouraged and motivated me to keep following my heart and exploring. I  love this book and I wish everyone could read it just once. Not enough  people do follow their hearts and do what they believe is right, to me  that's a shame. Read this book, it's so well worth it.
6301966988|5.0|Oh yeah, for all you guy who can cuddling your girlfriends or date while seeing this picture go right ahead.  Great supporting casting from Whoppi Goldberg.  She deserved to recieve her Oscar.
0140277447|2.0|I must concur with many of the reviewers who found fault with TRoN; Chang's book not only lacks proper pacing and flow, it's greatest fault lies in the educated reader's feeling that some of the facts are not  sufficiently substantiated. As a high school teacher I have read essays  from students who have structured their points of view more coherently than  she has.  Most often, the events are presented in a jumbled and haphazzard  manner, as if Chang is piecing together a collection of war horror stories  rather than weaving the facts into a story.  It was obvious from the start  that the selling point of her novel was the sensationalistic and provoking  title and subject matter, not necessarily the way in which the material was  presented. Better, less impassioned writers will do a superior job with the  material in the future.
0767825411|5.0|Not since the Blue Brothers has one viewer had so much fun watching a film. It was almost like watch a live action cartoon.
0385484518|2.0|This book is unremarkable. ALS is clearly a terrible disease and Morrie clearly has some strength of character. However, the book's main messages -- enjoy the simple things in life, love one another, maintain a positive  outlook, slow down, turn off your cell phone -- are poorly-communicated  banalities. The book lacks depth and is written in a style that manipulates  the reader's emotions rather than enabling a spontaneous reaction. Remove  this book's disingenuous wrappings and you are left with a trimmed-down  \\"Life's Little Instruction Book.\\" Plus, I question some of Morrie's  behavior. Close friends choosing to honor me with eulogies while I am still  alive would be wonderful -- initiating such a 'living funeral' for myself  would be a bit odd (\\"Come tell me how great I am before I die.\\") A favorite  student choosing to write a book about my life would be wonderful --  planting the idea in his head and helping him outline the book would be a  bit odd. And what about the author? Was Albom truly changed by his  conversations with Morrie or has he gone back to his workaholic way of  life? I suspect the latter since the author only spent his Tuesdays with  Morrie since he was on strike and couldn't go to work. Finally, how did  Morrie's wife Charlotte feel about all this? Would she say that -- by  creating a media circus with Ted Koppel and camera crews filling the house  -- Morrie lived up to his own aphorisms and made it clear how much he loved  his family before he died?
0800105141|5.0|The movie showed in depth the struggle on an entire nation looking for freedom within their own home land. Through the film you also see the making of the Civil Rights movement in America.
0800196341|5.0|Kenneth Branagh has redefined &quot;Hamlet&quot;, with what I feel is the definitive version. His determination to bring the full text to the screen, rather than a &quot;highlights&quot; version, should be applauded with the  same passion as the finished product! His use of the score as an integral  part of the film, or another character if you will, is also wonderful and  refreshing. Patrick Doyle is in my opinion the best currently available,  and I cannot imagine a Branagh film without a Doyle score.<br />I found his  interpretation of Hamlet exactly as I have always felt it; that Hamlet's  public displays were mere mockeries. His true feelings were revealed  virtually only when he was alone. I have never seen a clearer indication  that Hamlet's struggle was against himself, rather than Claudius or  Polonius. The physical staging of the soliliquy brought chills; Hamlet is  facing himself, addressing himself, yet yards away from his reflection. He  gradually draws closer to himself as he struggles with himself; finally  form and reflection meet at knifepoint.<br />One must see this film more than  once to get all that is possible out of it. I have read the play since  seeing the film, and then watch all or part again, always finding something  fresh about it.<br />For me, Kenneth Branagh IS &quot;Hamlet&quot;. A great  triumph!
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam's Yield is the bands second best album other than Ten. They have very strong lyrical and instrumental parts in the album. Veddar can really sing and come up with some amazing lyrics. The rest of the band can play  really great also. A must have for any pearl jam or rock fan.
B0000028PL|5.0|When a band can slip as smoothly from the heavy metal sound of &quot;Go Away&quot; and &quot;Mind Your Own Business&quot; to the soul influenced &quot;Bi&quot; and &quot;Leave It Alone,&quot; you pay attention!  I only  wish the band was still together, but with intensely creative bands, the  friction sometimes wrecks the band.  Unfortunately, it happened here, but I  think the work of Living Colour (especially the last two albums, Time's Up  and Stain) can stand up to the work of ANY other band who also imploded  similarly due to their mastery of multiple &quot;genres&quot; of music and  distillation to THEIR OWN SOUND.  Buy this album and see if you don't  agree.
B0000027RL|5.0|This is the best one from Pearl Jam. All the songs sound great and all of them are good. I think the best song is &quot;black&quot;.
0553108034|5.0|Following &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, George Martin provided us with another oeuvre of epic fantasy, the sequel &quot;A Clash of Kings&quot;. Unlike, for example, Robert Jordan, George Martin keeps a tight grip on his  brilliant plot and amazingly real characters. <br />&quot;A Clash of  Kings&quot; has everything a good fantasy book needs: Romance, court  intruiges, treason, war. But it has more. George Martin displays characters  that just slip into your very soul. You hate them and you love them as  passionately as if they were a part of your real life. <br />This makes  &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; not only a masterpiece of fantasy, but  of Literature. Martin refuses to play the usual good-and-evil games, he  refuses to give the reader the sugar-coated heroic-fantasy he probably  expects. His characters have amazing depth, they just steal your heart, no  matter if they are good or bad. <br />This, combined with a sensible treatment  of magic and a natural feeling for suspense and climax make &quot;A Clash  of Kings&quot;, as well as &quot;A Game of thrones&quot; a book you simply  fall in love with. And George Martin one of the most remarkable authors of  our decade.
0804106304|1.0|I had to read the book for school and wound up making things up about what happened because i coundn't consintrat because of  bordom I had reading this book.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is such a great CD,full of strong songs &amp; great Guitar playing...I cannot believe how good this turned out: It seems like yesterday that I heard John was back &amp; that they were in the studio  &amp; then...CALIFORNICATION came!!! Its the next level from BSSM...I think  the band sounds more Mature in their song writing...&amp; Johns Guitar  playing is so gooood...I cant wait to hear this stuff Live...You wont be  let down on this one...
630451087X|5.0|When will people learn not to judge all films by the same yardstick. Yes, this film has an often incomprehensible plot. But it is not intended to be judged along the lines of most other films. It terms of visuals and sound  design, this film is one of the best of the decade, and only rivalled by  Lars Von Trier's masterpiece 'Zentropa'. If you are looking for the same  things in 'Lost Highway' as you look for in 'The Matrix' or other  mainstream action thrillers, then steer clear. Just leaves more room for  the rest of us....
0060931671|5.0|Did I really read that review?<br />I'm actually gobsmacked.  More gobsmacked than when I first finished The Crying of Lot 49.  And I was fairly gobsmacked then.
006016848X|3.0|Gray simplifies and overgeneralizes the subject matter in many ways. However, I believe that the core ideas are extremely valuable. Unfortunately, the book presents them in a laborious and drawn out manner.  The chapters often seem to cover the same idea over and over, merely with a  different focus. Gray's metaphor of separate Martian and Venetian heritages  perhaps make his viewpoint easier to understand, though the universality of  this distinction is suspect. Some of the differences between male and  female (besides being stereotypes, even if they might have an element of  truth) seem actually to be similarities at heart that individuals express  in different ways.<br />The short version of this book: you and your partner  may get into arguments primarily because you do not communicate your  differences to one another and assume your partner expresses him or herself  in the same way that you do. The book is useful in suggesting ways to  overcome this difficulty (try to ignore some of the gender  generalizations).<br />Gray also seems to have a stubbornly optimistic view of  relationships, partly because he seems to believe that *every* problem in a  relationship stems from simple misunderstandings in how individuals express  love for one another.
0790734850|5.0|A wonderfully multi-layered retelling of an admittedly dense and unweildy novel, Curtis Hanson and company have fashioned the ultimate cinematic film-noir thriller.  I didn't think it possible that a 2 and a half hour  movie could tell truly tell the story of the film's three male leads  without short-changing one for another, but it succeeded brilliantly.  In  so doing, the film offered a showcase for the talents of three gifted  actors (my favorite, of course, being the always on-the-mark Kevin Spacey).   My only quibbles were with the slightly over-the-top performance of Danny  DeVito and the fact that Kim Basinger won Best Supporting Actress basically  for playing a character only a step or two removed from herself.  All in  all, a great film that is even more enjoyable over multiple viewings.
B000002BFL|5.0|I bought this CD three years ago and have not tired of it.  Certain other reviews have variously described the CD as dark and bathed in solemnity. This may be true to an extent, but it tells the stories of real people --  the people Hollywood, the media and the crush of the masses who frequent  mall infested suburbia so often forget. While most all of the songs are  susceptible to earning a haunted place in our memories, &quot;The  Line&quot; may be the single best story song I have ever heard.  It speaks  to our souls -- death, sorrow, duty, honor, friendship, the desperate panic  of poverty, deception and yes, love.  The latter is so often a pursuit  which so often leads to the deepest sort of pain and longing, and the  song's protagonist cannot himself escape this fate.  It is rare that any  form of popular music can speak to the human condition with integrity.  I  believe those who listen carefully will find it here.
B000005QH3|5.0|What can I say, it made me go out and buy a 1970 R/T Challenger! Ozon
B000007WNN|5.0|Motorcycle/ muscle car metal.  This is by far the stronges CD the cult released.  They broke the mold after this.  Powerful, Strong and awsome.  I  love this CD.  It makes me want to buy a Harley and head out on the  highway.  Buy This CD.  It's a must for any collection.
B00000J7J4|4.0|I've had a couple of weeks to listen and to digest Carlos' new album. Even though he hasn't released a new album in a few years the constant touring has kept us in contact with his new music and kept some of the classics  fresh. As for Supernatural this album cooks on so many different levels.  Yaleo is as good a song as Carlos has recorded in the last 20 years (and it  absolutely smokes live). The combinations with Dave Matthews, Everlast and  Rob Thomas are good examples of Carlos being able to take a commercial  sound and make it his own and the track with Mana is great. My 14 year old  daughter thinks Maria Maria is the best song on the album. The only  dissapointing song is the collaboration with Clapton that just doesn't seem  to go anywhere. I'm not sure if this will hold up in the long run with  Abraxas and Caravanserai, but it is certainly  one of the best albums this  legend has recorded (and his best in 15 years). That alone should make it a  must buy.
B0000085N4|5.0|They were alway's ahead of the pack in one way or another, this is just another example.  Glam and hair were in and the Cult came out and just  jammed.  They took metal to a new high with a different direction.  Sure  they had a big Zep thing going on but they didn't just rip them off like  Kingdome Come or Whitesnake.  They took what was great and brought it into  the 90's.  They complimented the founders.  This CD is just a beginning to  end Jam.  The Cult Rule!!!!!!!!!
6301902645|5.0|This film probably sparked my life-long love affair with motor sports.  This is a movie about an bygone era when auto racing still was, as Steve McQueen puts it, &quot;a professional blood sport.&quot;<br />The minimal  subplot is almost disposable.  It has something to do with a rivalry  between McQueen and another driver, both romantic and on the track.<br />The  heart of this movie is the racing scenes.  Porsche 917's and Ferrari 512's  racing wheel to wheel, their howling turbocharged 12-cylinder engineers  propelling them down the straights at up to 240mph, sometimes demolishing  themselves in a slow motion ballet of carnage.  While fictional, this film  gives you more of a feel for what it must have really been like than  watching the real race live on TV did for me this year.<br />I have only one  complaint.  It's not out on DVD yet!
B000007VCM|5.0|I forgot how awesome this CD was.  I loved every song on it then and more so now.  It has more emotion than any of the other Cult CD's.  A must have  for any collection.
0380973464|5.0|Though I am someone who reads both Snow Crash and the Diamond Age at least once a year, I have to say that this is, on a higher level, a better offering than either one of those.  While it's not the rollercoaster ride  that Snow Crash was, or the carnival of the bizzare that the Diamond Age  was, Cryptonomicon is written for a readership more appreciative of his  multiple talents; Stephenson gives more personal details about the  Waterhouse pair than he did about either Nell or Hiro Protagonist.  He also  makes use of the more advanced writing technique of beginning new sections  of the narritave from interesting, initially seemingly unrelated angles.   While the new techniques are indicative of Stephenson's rise on the  literary food chain, the best parts of the book are (for the unabshed  Stephenson fan) the rambling, off-subject narratives, especially the  humorous journal entry which lasts for almost thirty pages.  This book also  belies both Stephenson's serious interest in (and thorough knowledge of)  history, as well as his extensive journalistic endevours in the South China  Sea.  A must read for anyone who likes the idea of tech and history wrapped  up by Stephenson
0553573403|4.0|I'm not a big fan of books that have so many characters that you need a cross referenced geneology appendix in the back - but Martin managed to pull it off in this book. He created interesting, well-developed  personalities that you really got to know and care about.  Of course, with  all of the character background and development there was little time to  actually develop the plot - but I suppose that's why this is a series.  If  you like to really get into the characters of a book, and are willing to  read 800 pages of what is basically an introduction, Martin has really  started to create a wonderful tapestry of personalities and events.
B0000025NU|4.0|Of course, live albums are never Billy's specialty. He robs the tenderness from She's Got a Way and marres the grand scale texture of Billy the Kid. But this wonderful album contains excellent versions of Say Goodbye to  Hollywood, Miami 2017, Captain Jack and I'v e Loved these Days. Essential  for any Billy Joel Fan.
B000002W9Q|5.0|Dirty Dancing is my favorite movie. I love the music and the choreography was wonderful! I got a copy as a present for graduation, and it is still my favorite CD.
B00000DCHI|5.0|This is the absolute best Billy retrospective, and don't let anybody tell you otherwise. So what if it omits some tracks? Nobody can tell. This was the album that encouraged me to collect all of his proper album releases.
B000002JSH|5.0|This CD contains some of the best songs that Bad Company ever put out, mainly the song &quot;shooting star&quot; which is a great rock'n'roll anthem.  For most bands, the second album can be tricky and the most  difficult to record, especially after your debut album is a huge success.   That was the case here...yet Bad Company managed to come right back with  the same soulful/energetic style of rock that the world embraced the first  time around.  Paul Rodgers can certainly wail with the best of them, and  the band sounds tight and powerful.  If you like Bad Company, don't miss  this CD.
B000002A6T|4.0|Actually, it nearly is. The tracks are all mostly great, but the album is kind of Facsist. Billy talks like he is a Big Shot on the track of the same name that opens the album, and the end, though only over a minute long, is  still tedious. The rest is pure heaven though. Start with the Stranger  album first.
B00000IOSU|5.0|Fortunately, we can all breathe a sigh of relief as Sarah was able to put in the best CD of the 90's before the deadline for the end of the decade, or for that matter, the end of the millenium. Citizens of the 21st century  will remember Sarah (will you remember her?).
B00000IQC8|4.0|Well I was laughing from the start. The pace and look makes me think of all the crap I video-taped in high school (my friends and I doing nothing but argueing and goofing off) The humor is definitely &quot;no holes  barred&quot; but that just adds to the appeal. I did find it a bit faulty  at times when the script and the lines these people were saying became  almost too well-written, and thus, not as believable. But over-all, it's  great fun!
B00000JCB2|5.0|This album is going to put Limp Bizkit over the top.  Second albums generally describe how long a band will be around for, and Significant Other shows that Limp Bizkit will be around for a while.  Combining hard  guitar rifts, slick beats, and killer rhymes, this albums lets you move and  get pumped up at the same time.........
1558908358|5.0|I first saw this film, when I was about 12 years old, I had just recieved my first color computer a Sinclair ZX Spectrum (UK). I could not believe the computer graphics of the film, and I begged my father to take my  friends and I to see Tron when it first came out.<br />I was in a shop in  Vancouver, and I saw Tron for sale in the DVD format. I could not believe  my eyes, I have been looking for TRON for years on VHS, but it has been out  of circulation for 12 years in the UK. I bought Tron that very moment and a  DVD player, and I have to say the film still sent shivers up my spine,  even-though I knew exactly what was going to happen.<br />The color and the  sound were grea, (I know no AC3 or DTS) but that without, it was amazing to  watch all over again. Buy this movie its fantastic. It did not seem dated  at all...
6305212112|5.0|It's about time that the studio put out this movie in it's extended version.  There are several scenes that help to flesh out the friendship between Evelyn and Ninny, and bring the movie to a much more completeness,  that were not seen in the theater-released version.
0399128964|5.0|I loved Dune. I have read this book 7 times. Enough simple facts, and into the pitch. When I first heard about Dune, I thought &quot;I hate fantasy books&quot;, and promptly forgot about it. Later, I was bored enough to  give it a shot, and was totally spellbound. Not only is this book wholly  entertaining, but when I took Sociology 101, I was totally prepared as far  as mindset goes, because this book teaches you how to understand a group of  humans as a single entity. This education wasn't upfront of course, the  educational medicine has a truckful of sugar to help it go down. I hate  most fantasy, hate half the sci-fi out there, and I love this book. Read  it, and don't be scared by words you don't promptly understand. There's a  dictionary in the back.
0671027344|5.0|I couldn't put this book down. I can't believe how accurate it was to real life in high school! I consider myself a wallflower and could totally identify with Charlie. All the characters were described so well. I could  identify a little bit w/ each of them. Everyone should read this book!
0385486804|4.0|Before reading this, I never thought for a second how dangerous 'walking into the wild' could be ... I thoroughly enjoyed the book, and I thought it was well written.  Although it does tend to ramble slightly in the middle,  it had me hooked.  I find myself trying to find out more information on the  other stories mentioned .... well done!
B000005J56|5.0|One of the best CDs I have bought in a long time.  Ry Cooder deserves lots of credit for rediscovering these fantastic musicians.  But someone should have secretly unplugged his guitar.  (Or maybe someone could take this CD,  edit it out, and re-release it; Fidel, are you listening?)
B000001DTM|5.0|Its amazing to think what a smooth transition U2 did when going from the 80's to the 90's with this incredible albumn.  How do they do it? We may never know.  But know this, if you are a U2 fan, and you don't know  anything about this albumn, then why are you still sitting there reading  these reviews? Go and buy Achtung Baby right now!!!!
B00000J2KT|4.0|Everything about this disc is great including the non-letterbox transfer.  Stanley Kubrick never filmed this movie in letterbox, so when people say that his vision is not being preserved with this disc it just goes to show  that those people do not know what they are talking about.  The only thing  I have to wonder about is...why just MONO sound.  I know this film could  have Dolby Surround.
B000002OCP|5.0|When I first popped this CD into my stereo I was not sure of who I was listening to.  From the first note to the last note I was intrigued by the unusual style of play and rhythum.  This is not common Muddy Magic, it is  one of those rare treasures that every fan should have.  Truley one of the  best music purchases that I have ever made.
B00000J7JO|3.0|The Red Hot Chili Peppers are a true enigma in popular music...white boys with soul, rockers who never rock, sexually experimental moralists, and all of these things come out on &quot;Californication.&quot;  Unfortunately,  the other thing that comes out is that the sound mastered on &quot;Blood  Sugar Sex Magick&quot; was probably best left to the annals of classic rock  albums. That doesn't mean &quot;Californication&quot; isn't a good album,  it's just that maybe it's time for the Chili Peppers to choose a new sound  that they haven't already perfected. &quot;One Hot Minute&quot; was a nice  step in a nice direction. While many fans were hoping for a return to a  sound the band really only had for one and possibly two albums, one is  forced to ask the question &quot;How far can you take this sound  anyway?&quot;  Still, some good songs and well worth the time invested,  though the album may be three or four songs too long.<br />Chris N.
B000002HIK|5.0|I'm a novice to this &quot;Ambient techno&quot; genre of music, but I find myself very intrigued by it. Songs like &quot;Acrid Avid Jam Shred&quot; leave me numb and mindless. Just lie down and relax with this music playing  in the background and you'll think that you were in Heaven.
B000002UJQ|3.0|Having heard such glowing praise as &quot;Pink Floyd for the nineties&quot; and &quot;brilliant,&quot; I felt the urge to pick up my first album from a band I only knew from their single &quot;Creep.&quot;   The result: a rather annoying disappointment.   On the whole &quot;OK  Computer&quot; is a pretty good album, but it defnitely has its flaws.  For  one thing, the majority of the tracks are indistinguishable from each  other.  Not in the seamless way of a Pink Floyd album, but in the way of an  album conceptualized by someone with a severely limited imagination.  Who  in good conscience coud really call &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; a good  song?   A few days ago I bought &quot;Pablo Honey,&quot; a far superior  album.  Everything that's wrong with &quot;OK Computer&quot; is right with  this album.  Nothing meanders, everything has a point, and each track is  easily distinguished from the last.  So a nice try, and an enjoyable  listen, but not the brilliant masterpiece it's been touted as.<br />Chris N.  Southfield, Michigan
B000001FAK|5.0|When this first was released, I rushed out and bought it. I was 14 and it blew me away. I took it with me on a camping trip in the North Carolina mountains and listened to these tunes in the serene, misty, beautiful peaks  of the Carolina peaks. Awsome! Now, 30 years later, I just picked up the cd  and it still blows my mind! Excellent musicianship. No drums, no drums  needed. Jazz and blues fused perfectly. If you love the Bluesbreakers, try  this one. It is different, but music lovers will be pleased at taking the  chance. Still one of the greatest!
B000002HNR|4.0|This live album contains much good material, without the Doors AM hits.  Altho Not to Touch the Earth is better than the rest of Celebration  of the Lizard, Side 4 is interesting with the full Celebration and an intense  version of Soul Kitchen.  Also a highlight is the Break on Thru  performance.  Universal Mind, Coltrane influenced, is pretty.  I sometimes  get tired out by the Alabama Song/Backdoor Man/Five to One Medley but it's  OK.  Ray's organ blasts highlight a good version of When the Music's Over.
B000002BBY|5.0|First of all, I don't see how people can give this less then 5 stars. 'Not as good as the beatles', Ha! This CD rocked!!!  Wonderwall, Roll With It, Champagne Supernova, you can't go wrong! Get this now!!!!
B000002I2M|5.0|In L.A. Woman, The Doors continue their evolution after the gradual loss of power they had experienced through The Soft Parade.  Whereas in Morrison Hotel they went for a combination of hard rock and blues, in L.A. Woman The Doors make it clear that the blues is their chief focus.  <br />All Jim Morrison's excesses had affected his voice along with the rest of his body in his very last years.  Morrison Hotel shows him a bit raunchier, but on L.A. Woman it is clear the smoothness in his voice has somewhat deteriorated except on the songs that are slower/more like spoken-word poetry in character:  \\"Cars Hiss By My Window,\\" \\"Hyacinth House,\\" and of course, \\"Riders on the Storm.\\"  Actually, an exception too, more inexplicably, is the rocker \\"Love Her Madly,\\" the Doors' last short AM hit.  Bouncy, very catchy, and with a great carnivalesque solo by Ray Manzarek.  It is Robbie Krieger's song, but with some of the bleakness characterizing Jim's songs: \\"Don't you love her as she's walking out the door,\\" \\"All your love is gone, so sing a lonely song.\\"  The Doors were always a cohesive unit, not \\"Jim Morrison and The Doors.\\" <br />But the grittiness Jim shows in place of smoothness in other songs worked well, particularly with the bluesier numbers.  Check out \\"Been Down So Long\\" and John Lee Hooker's \\"Crawling King Snake,\\" the group's first cover on a studio album since their debut (gee, why did Jim pick one with that title?).  Then--in the magnificent title cut, how would a rangy Jim have been?  Yet fate had it well.  His grittiness, his grunting--they worked.  This was not \\"Tell All the People\\"--it was a Doors and rock classic, a car driving song, with a \\"bright beat,\\" as the sheet music says, potent rock 'n roll infused with some blues.  L.A. Woman actually expresses joy (the \\"Eye\\" is Mr. Mojo Risin'), is this The Doors? Yet Robbie Krieger's briefly overdubbed guitar solo following the song opening is lively, celebratory, slightly country, in fact, reminding one a bit of The Allman Brothers' \\"Jessica,\\" gradually working its way upward, opening up like a blooming flower--awesome.  Then there is Ray's great, uplifting electric piano solo, and Robbie's simple but very pretty revolution around the \\"A\\" chord in the \\"I see your hair is burning\\" section.  And whatever you thing of \\"Mr. Mojo Risin',\\" how about that dynamite climax?<br />Jim's raunchier singing also shows up on the opener, \\"Changeling,\\" certainly very autobiographical, and he once again asserts himself as the group's leader:  His verseline sets the pace, the instrumentalists oblige, Robbie with some fabulous bluesy slide guitar.  In \\"Cars Hiss By My Window\\" and \\"Been Down So Long,\\" Jim is isolated, enclosed--looking outward--a prison is one of the images in the latter, but the emphasis is the bluesy down mood, as Robbie's guitar slithers through the blues again magnificently.  In \\"Cars,\\" Jim tells us the cars hiss \\"like waves out on a beach\\"--nicer to be in a beach house, tho the girl he's got beside him is \\"out of reach.\\"  Robbie's guitar sounds just like waves, The Doors' being ever so theatrical.  A witty moment at the end:  Robbie uses a wah-wah to the effect that one cannot tell whether it is guitar or Jim improvising.<br />Paul Rothchild refused to produce this album, saying it was cocktail lounge music except for the title cut and \\"Riders on the Storm.\\"  Interesting that he excluded the latter, for it certainly is.  And certainly better than almost anything that is not.  \\"Riders\\" is thoroughly excellent, with Ray's lovely jazz piano work and Robbie's pretty gliding guitar lines.  Like in \\"Light My Fire,\\" Jim's verse is relatively sparse in a long cut, but his lyrics are striking and memorable.  But then, how about the amazing \\"The Wasp (Texas Radio and the Big Beat)\\"?  Talk about striking images, exemplifying the ever-so-clear truth that Jim's song lyrics were superior to his poetry.  The Doors achieve a compelling mood with a catchy, primitive beat; bluesy and slightly jazz-infused instrumental sweeps; and John Densmore's great percussion, with one memorable short soft drum flourish, as Jim declares, \\"No eternal reward will ever forgive us for wasting the dawn. \\"<br />L.A. Woman is a brilliant finale from a group that had suffered through so much turmoil, induced by Jim, that it was questionable whether they had anything left.  But they took one more trip down to \\"L'America\\" and came up with this monumental work before Jim left for Paris, never to return.  And everyone should enjoy the trip in this one--the Doors' perennial themes are there: the down side, this time with the blues; highways; empty houses; image-laden, but sometimes sparse or discomforting, expanses; reptiles; the sense of humor (check out \\"Hyacinth House\\").  But there are things new and different too.  Then The Doors are closed.
B000002I2I|4.0|Morrison Hotel/Hard Rock Cafe was the first Doors album I bought, but I certainly was familiar with Doors music at the time.  It sort of fell by the wayside because it did not sound like the group.  Another big Doors fan whom I met many years later said he didn't even buy it at first, also because it did not sound like them, but that later he did and really got into \\"Roadhouse Blues.\\"  The Doors reverted to hard rhythm and blues in this album, partly in reaction to criticism of the gradual softening of their sound that had climaxed with the brass/strings excesses of The Soft Parade.  I grew to like Morrison Hotel, with its Americana imagery (it is the most American of all Doors' albums, lyrically and musically; LA Woman and Waiting for the Sun are close).  I acknowledge it will always have an asterisk for me because of its un-Doors'-like, more conventional rock sound, rather than the Doors' trademark psychedelic blues and haunting, sensuous dark melodies.<br />Yes, boy, did I certainly ever get into \\"Roadhouse Blues,\\" the opener.  One of the group's greatest tracks ever, it clearly establishes a revival of power, with Ray Manzarek not on eerie organ but banging piano, Robbie Krieger dishing out those staccato guitar licks, and even guest John Sebastian kicking in with country/blues harmonica.  Jim takes us out of strange days, singing about an LA roadhouse and bungalows, meals and beer, \\"keep your eyes on the road and your hands upon the wheel.\\"  We'll be hearing more about LA, \\"save our city,\\" and real images in life rather than butterfly screams and roman wildernesses of pain.  Jim is autobiographical, too: \\"The future's uncertain, the end is always near.\\"  <br />Actually, a Doors'-familiar reptile is mentioned in one song title (I do not know why), tho there is nothing in the verse.  The first part of \\"Peace Frog/Blue Sunday,\\" the next-strongest entry, is about \\"blood on the streets,\\" with reference to Jim's New Haven bust, but also \\"phantastic LA.\\"  Complementedby a single funky motif, around which the instruments revolve skillfully, Jim's lyrics are peppered with strong visual images, and again self-realizing: \\"blood on the rise, it's following me.\\"  Robbie contributes a great solo, and then there is Jim's famous reference to his childhood car-crash experience: \\"Indians scattered on dawn's highway bleeding/ghosts crowd the young child's fragile eggshell mind.\\"  What follows is a flow-in to a pretty ballad, but on this slow one Ray and Robbie produce more of a soft lullaby rather than eerie effect.  Also top notch is \\"Ship of Fools,\\" this time with a catchier verseline, but Ray gets in a good solo.  Yes, Jim's commentary is still primarily negative.<br />\\"Waiting for the Sun,\\" originally entitled for that album, finally makes it on, with strong riffs and Jim's more dramatic singing.  The opening signature/motif to \\"You Make Me Real\\" is an only slightly altered version of that of \\"Twentieth Century Fox,\\" but the songs sound far different, the former having traditional R&B texture, staccato riffs, and Ray's Screaming Ray Daniels piano.  The Doors sound like black artists here more than on any of their songs. <br />The above makes up \\"Hard Rock Cafe\\" (and yes, trivia buffs, this album had something to do with the naming of the restaurant chain), clearly stronger than \\"Morrison Hotel,\\" the latter group of songs.  The closer, \\"Maggie McGill,\\" is a throwaway, with country clicheish feel, and heavy repetition of insubstantial music and verselines.  \\"The Spy\\" is decent cocktail lounge music, not too interesting, but Jim's \\"eyes have seen you\\" again.  \\"Land Ho\\" is a sea shanty, also not sounding like the group at all, but Jim's bouncy verselines set things up well for some fun instrumental pacing.  \\"Queen of the Highway,\\" again very autobiographical, is about his love Pam Courson, and someone \\"who was a monster, black dressed in leather.\\"  They are an \\"American boy, American girl,\\" in this most American of all Doors songs, with Spanish and American Indian images, and Jim even singing about marriage and children, but still mixing in his characteristic images, like midnight whirlpools.  The verseline music is plain, but Robbie leads a good solo charge later.  Finally, \\"Indian Summer\\" is a beautiful slow ballad, with not a Doors but American Indian mystical sound, but it is short and repetitive. <br />Certainly \\"Morrison Hotel\\" is worth getting, however it compares to other Doors' music.  People tend to like it better, like it worse, tastes vary.  But one thing remains the same:  while the lyrics on each Doors album are different, they are always excellent.  Something to keep in mind.
B000007S5B|4.0|The third Doors album is not as powerful as the first two, but compensates with interesting  arrangements and pleasant songs while retaining  the Doors mystique.  Whatever one thinks of Celebration of the Lizard, Not to  Touch the Earth  is the best part and conveys powerful images and mood, as  Morrison roams through his visual wilderness.  Love Street is very pretty  and a favorite of many.  Summer's Almost Gone, written in the early days,  is pleasant and allows one to relax in the Ocean backdrop.  Spanish Caravan  has nice flamenco guitar work.  Wintertime Love has a nice harpsichord  solo.  Although this tune and Yes the River Knows have been criticized for  being unDoors like--pop with a tough of pomposity, this is compensated for  by nice melodies and instrumentation, nice guitar work in the case of Yes  the River Knows.  Hello I Love You is also seen as too poppish but has  amusing lyrics.  Five to One is a bit overrated but is the Doors statement  of the late 60s and can be interpreted as one wishes.  The Unknown Soldier  is a well-done anti-war statement.
B000002HJD|4.0|As one who thinks the majority of Jim's poetry is not so good, I can still recommend this album because it has some of his better poetry, plus a fine version or Roadhouse Blues.  American Prayer on side 2 is quite good, and  much of the imagery on side one is compelling.  However, Lament to My Cock  takes it a little too far.  Cars, highways, birth, death, sex, nature can  be found throughout.
B000002H92|5.0|I have already made comments about Absolutely Live, and this set combines that with more familiar Doors tunes such as Light My Fire, Love Me Two Times, Roadhouse Blues and Moonlight Drive.  Plus, there is a nice version  of Little Red Rooster and in spite of some surrounding controversy, Gloria  is a good, sexually explicit sarcastic performance by Jim.  A must for  Doors lovers!
B000002J2D|1.0|Genesis weathered Peter Gabriel's departure quite well.  The output from the remaining quartet was really quite exceptional.  It was Hackett's departure that proved to sound the death knell for the band.  This  recording is really their entry into the unimaginative realm of pop music  that they would quickly lose themselves within.  The songs are weak, the  lyrics trite and the musicianship dull and uninspired. Pity they didn't  just pack it in rather than drag the good name of Genesis through the mud  for more than a decade recording disposable pop rubbish.
B0000028W9|5.0|If one needs an explanation of this work after truly listening, one should consider reprograming.  <br />Cohen wraps his mind and words around thoughts in a manner available only to poets.<br />No one should ever try to cover a Cohen song as it is impossible to unweld his voice from its feelings.
6304602979|5.0|Caution! I got a copy {DVD} the other day, not through Amazon, that was only 4:3 aspect and the sound track was off by at least a half of a second in the infamous Hopper/Walken scene.
B0000029DD|5.0|The success goes all to Jeff, and we are left to enjoy his effort
0670880728|5.0|If you're looking into this book, it's probably because you've been told over and over again to read it. Let me just say this: listen to your friends. This book is funny and that's it. Just wait until you hear the  reason why she was stood up. I loved it!
B00000JMQC|5.0|it has an appealing weirdness that  goes throughout the movie,the original dorothy was better than this one.
1573225517|5.0|Recently dumped myself, I frequently sympathized with Rob. He's an expert at alternating melancholy with brief spurts of happiness and I couldn't help but feel for him.<br />As funny as it was, I hope I never have to  experience a one-night stand in the same way Rob did with Marie. And the  scene at the funeral of his ex's father was incredibly unbelievable and  touching. If you have a sense of humor or enjoy pop culture in any form,  you must buy this book.
B000002G8L|5.0|I have been in love with the song wonderful tonight for a long time.  Ever since I was a little girl.  I just recently heard the original version and it is ever more wonderful than the newer version.  If not just because I  would recommend this cd because of not just that song but all the other  great hits from the great man himself, Clapton!!!!!!!!
6304994540|5.0|This movie is hilarious. I could watch it every day and never get bored. Unlike most comedies, this works on many different levels and features terrific acting and visuals. If you're lazy and have a strange sense of  humor, this is definitely for you. Watch it with a bunch of people to get  the full effect.
068484267X|5.0|What a lovely book ! So well written, and managing to blend so well the sadness of the whole situation with a humorous way to depict day-to-day events in 1930s Limerick. I couldn't put it down before I reached the end.
B000002LVB|4.0|Yes, Loaded has Sweet Jane and Rock 'n Roll, two of the Velvets' or anyone's best, but also contains quite a bit of pedestrian work.  New Age is interesting, and Oh Sweet Nothing has its moments, but I can't be on the bandwagon that the rest of the album is brilliant.  This is by no means to  say it is sub-par work, for Lou has difficulty writing a bad song.  And the  overall image of Loaded to me remains the brilliance of  Sweet Jane and  Rock 'n Roll.
0767802810|5.0|I have stopped counting the number of times that I have seen this film. I will always return to it over and over again. It is a great movie to watch when it is simply a lazy day or a rainy day. A very enjoyable movie...And  it has a very young Jim Carey in it!
B000002G7E|3.0|The weakest of the Velvet's four studio efforts, but could be enjoyable for someone who likes the heavy style.  The title cut is OK, not great, and the spoken word &quot;The Gift&quot; takes up a big part of the CD--I'm more into music.  And Sister Ray's a bit too harsh for me.  Here She Comes  Now is nice. But through and through there are only six songs without the  stickouts in their other work.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|The pictures quality is terrific--one of the best DVD transfers from an analog source I've seen. THe performances, particularly Murray's and Ramis' drip with irony. Clearly films like Men In Black wouldn't exist without  Ghostbusters as a touchstone.<br />A couple of complaints; the extras are  nice, but some of them are meaningless. The interactive portion where you  can view the scene with and without special visual effects using the angle  button doesn't work at all. The cut scenes don't amount to much and hence,  are pretty much a waste. It would have been more interesting to see out  takes some of the special effects test shots vs. these weak extras.<br />The  interactive menus, though, is fairly good. Both featurettes are pretty good  as well, although without more input from Murray, Ramis and Ackroyd as to  why this film connected with audiences so well there is something of a  vaccum.
B000002G7G|4.0|Solid effort filled with good songs, altho not as powerful as some of their work.  There are good ballads and songs that are more upbeat than might be normally associated with the Velvets. Witness Jesus, Beginning to  See the Light and I'm Set Free.  What Goes On rocks well with its effective  repetition that is the Velvets' trademark, and Some Kind of Love is the  album's intense song.  Pale Blue Eyes and Candy Says are well done on the  soft side.  The songs on this CD are very fluid with a staightforward  musical  structure, and Lou as always sings like he wants you to understand  the lyrics, which are strong as always.
B000002J29|5.0|There are three things that make this album perhaps the best thing Genesis ever put to tape. 1) Their songs only truly came to life in concert. The studio albums are too restrained, too tight, too dry to give full force to the material. Put these pieces out live and the band and the songs open up,  loosens up, and the energy and life fly in. Almost all of these songs beat  their studio counterparts in urgency, impact, and power. 2) Gabriel and  Collins are about equal in singing talent (they're both good), but Collins  sang the parts and gave them emotion, subtlety, and life, whereas Gabriel  blugeoned them to death with his over-seriousness and hyper-theatrical  style (like in &quot;Lamb Lies Down&quot;). I love PG's solo work and he  wrote the better set of Genesis songs, but Collins is just the more  palatable frontman with this band. Therefore, this album has the better  singer singing the other singer's better songs! 3) Steve Hackett was a  master of nuance and restrained power. He never played blistering leads,  but the force came from his ability to strenthen the song by disappearing  into it's fabric, showing up in the perfect places. This, his curtain call  with Genesis, is a wonderful example of that.<br />A masterpiece of  art/progressive rock.
B00000JCOV|5.0|slipknot is amazing live and brutal on record as well. if you liked the first korn cd but thought it wasn't varied or intense enough, check out SLIPKNOT!!!!
B000002MM8|5.0|When it came out, someone said that it wasn't good because it was too different from &quot;Within the realm...&quot; and that kind of stuff. Many people prefer the goth-side of DCD, but I think this CD is the most  complete of their career. The recording is very very good, the songs are  great, the Lyrics of Brendan and Lisa are at the best. The musical  evolution of DCD with &quot;Into the labyrinth&quot; now is complete, with  a lot of percussion &amp; acoustic guitar (like &quot;Spiritchaser&quot;  &amp; &quot;Toward the within&quot;). Absolutely the best album they ever  made!!!!!!
0880381736|5.0|To make someone attempt to fall asleep in the middle of this book is cruel and unusual punishment. Lots of good action. Gets right to it from the start and holds you're interest throughout.
0345350499|5.0|This has to be the best book I've read. Very emotional heart stirring tale. It surpasses all other Arthurian tales by a great deal. I recommend that anyone and everyone read this. It is a very touching, insightful  story.
0140177396|5.0|Does this book really need explaining
0792156684|1.0|This is NOT a good movie! Good movies are Citizen Kane, Casablanca, The Godfather, 2001: A Space Odyssey and Star Wars. Come to think of it, there are lots of good movies. The special effects were outstanding, teenage  girls want to see Leonardo DiCaprio......SO WHAT! These are the reasons  Titanic made money. I find the characters to be appaling especially Rose,  this pathetic week minded imbiscile who wants to kill herself and can't  even tell her fiance 'I'm over 18, I can do what I want and I don't like  you so go away!'
079213690X|5.0|Five stars says it all
0385493800|4.0|Reminds me of the Rainmaker. The main character, has a need to fulfill humanity and to include philanthropy in his life.  Slow to start, but has ehtical and moral undertones, which include themes of life and the journey  therein.  Moves methodically and ends with a surprise (if you are not  familiar with Grisham's prose techniques).
0385484518|5.0|The &quot;young&quot; learns from the old once again. What a shame we can't learn some of life's real lessons while we are young.  Read this book and you will learn and relearn why the heart is so important and nothing  else really matters.  Morrie will make you laugh and he will make you cry--  both wonderful human emotions.  You will take much away with you when you  finish.
0375707972|2.0|When I first picked up this book, I thought it would be an engaging story about a woman with a dark secret and a boy struggling to find his sexual identity. Was I wrong! This book is deceptive, in that it promises an  engaging story but does not deliver. I was glad that I borrowed the audio  tapes, becasue Campbell Scott's great voice kept me listening. I am not  sure that I would have finished the novel otherwise. Oprah, please pick  some more uplifing novels next year! I understand your choices of books  that are supposed to make you think, but not put you to sleep.
B000002KKS|5.0|If Ozzy Osbourne is the god of heavy metal, then Ronnie James Dio must be one of its kings.  Though many die-hard fans rejected Sabbath after its ugly departure with their former front man, Dio makes up for the loss in grandiose fashion.  Dio's vocals are powerful and moving which make his  lyrics come alive.  The guitar riffs are some of Iommi's best and they  complement Dio's vocals very well.  The thundering rhythm section of Butler  and Ward also is top rate.  Driving songs like Neon Knights and Die Young  are interspaced among slower anthems as Lonely is the Word and Children of  the Sea.  A must for any die hard metal fan.
B000002UDG|5.0|Paul McCartney has a knack for writing great tunes which stay in your head forever.  His use of various instruments and styles is always fresh and fun to listen to.  Sure, some of it is simply pop, but lighten up--it's fun,  melodic, and catchy!!!!  THIS IS A MUST BUY!!
0061002747|5.0|I'm sure that this detective story is an Agatha Christie's best work!  The ending is breathtaking.  I cannot believe that this way of ending is possible!  This book is a &quot;must-read&quot; book if you are detective  story fans!
B000002UC5|5.0|What a fresh (especially at the time), adventurous, and fun CD this is.  The instrumentals jam (Momma Miss America, Hot As Sunglasses), Junk is soothing as hell, and Maybe I'm Amazed needs no description--one of the best, most heartfelt love songs ever written.  This is a great CD!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Two years after its release, it is still the best album around
B00000IOSU|5.0|You can take Sarah and Give her the song Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star which we have all heard more than enough in our life and she could sing it with such clarity and grace with each note that it would take your breath  away. Well that is  exactly what Sarah gives you on her live album  Mirrorball.  It may not be her number 1 hits but when she sings each and  every song she is pouring every ounce of emotion into her song and it takes  my breath away.  Even though we have all heard these songs more than enough  Sarah is taking a personal approach and singing the songs that she feels  best describes how she deals and feels about the world and her life today.   The music may not be new but it is a great way to end the millinium.  So  BRAVO to you Sarah.  Thank you for providing me as well as many others with  the joy and diviness of your music.  I know you will bring us even greater  pieces in the future.  You are beautiful in so many ways and do not ever  change!!
B0000024ZT|5.0|this record is springsteen at his youngest and most rebellious. He waxes dylanesque and streams of teenage fear, angst, rebellion and joy flow throughout this album. springsteen's blinded by the light and growin up are two of the best teen  anthems i have ever heard. and spirit in the night  and for you are poetic and rebellious but also rocking and smooth.
B00000HZFP|5.0|The show is great. No question. The album is just as good. If you want an irony filled, sharp as a razor look at musical theater, with breathtakingly catchy songs (glam rock idiom), great lyrics (and contary to expectations  you can figure out what is going on from the lyrics... East Berlin boy  yearns for the perfect love. Boy wants out of east berlin. American lover  wants him to get a sex change. The operation is horribly botched; the  boy/girl/it is left in a Kansas trailer park; finds a new wig and turns  tragedy to a sort of trumph; Boy/girl/it meets love of his/her/its life.  Love takes his/her/its songs, talent becomes famous and leaves; After  twists and turns boy/girl/it has show in NY; Love of his/her/its life is  superstar and finally acknowledges what he took -- but suggests that  nothing is written in the stars -- we make our own fate; Boy/girl/it is  transcendent.  This is very, very, very good.
0688172377|5.0|One of the best books I've read.  Several days later and I'm unable to put her experiences out of my mind.  I was horrified and astounded that things like FGM still goes on in the world today.  Waris Dirie wrote an easy to  read, difficult to put down, horrifying and heartwarming story.  I would  recommend this book to anyone.
630518299X|4.0|I thing Jim brings a little bit of both worlds into this movie.  He is still very funny but there is also a serious twist it.  This movie shows that Jim is not going to stay in on one level thoughout his movie career  but instead improve and become more versetile.  If you see only one of his  movie, see this one.<br />I also liked Liar Liar, very funny movie.
0792836634|4.0|Ok, the idea of a talking doll is pretty screwed up but it's FUNNY AS HELL! This is a must see to all the horror fans who love a laugh!
B000002GG0|5.0|When this recording was released back in the '70s, Cat performed it on one of those pre-MTV rock concert shows. He performed the entire suite and several other selections, if not the entire album. The concert was hypnotic  and the next day I pulled together my coins and bought the album, $6 or $7  back then. I've loved it since. Much was made of Cat's pulling in some  R&amp;B influence on this album: Was he abandoning folk-rock? Naw. He was  exploring and stretching out. And he did a credible job of it. I give it  five stars and it doesn't really matter to me that few folks bought it. It  kicks!
B00000IQV2|5.0|How can someone be so mean and coldhearted.Bald little cancer children?What if you had some horrible sickness?Wouldn't you want to be happy the last 3 weeks you had to live?My god some people can just not  imagine how to be a good person.I thought this was a wonderful heartwarming  movie to see as a family.I agree with what patch did,making people happy  and someday people will relize how much better it is to be nice and make  people happy then to be coldhearted and dull.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I first heard slipknot at ozzfest, and have been interested in hearing their cd ever since.  lemme tell you, its not a letdown.  id definatly recommend buying this to anyone who likes their music hard.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this CD is a must own, it is pure hardcore metal. comepletely amazing.  9 members in the band...it is good
B00000IPAX|5.0|I can't say enough about this CD. Every song is a winner. My favorite is not what's my age again (which seems to be the popular choice.) Going away to college, Dysentery Gary, Adam's Song, all the small things, and the  party song are all incredible. I couldn't get these songs out of my head  after only 1 or 2 times listening to the CD. I strongly recommend to anyone  who likes catchy punk-rock.
6304233639|1.0|Never seen such a turkey, worthy of the worst soviet propaganda films... but for the US!
6304178352|5.0|Thirty Five years later since it first hit the screens in the MOVIE theatres, I have to say I can still watch this movie again and again. Audrey will remain THE ELIZA DOOLITTLE for many generations to come. Sure  she didn't sing ALL the songs--but the performance was not just the songs,  the regal bearing, the whimsical look, the  figure to look undernourished  then delicate---no way was Julie Andrews near this image.
0767810856|2.0|Ok, try to follow along.<br />Good-natured cop, Charlie(Nicolas Cage) doesn't have enough for a tip at a local NYC diner, so he promises his waitress that he will split the tip that he gets from a lottery ticket he has. You  know he's gonna win, too, because Charlie's all nice n' all and the  Waitress, (Bridget Fonda's &quot;Chavonne&quot;, I think it is?) is  down-on-her-luck and needs a big break. Charlie is married to racially  stereo-typed Spanish lady(Rosie Perez...what happened to her?) who whines  her way through the picture and insults him constantly. He loves her and  stays with her, even though she's the Wicked Witch of the West looking like  she was attacked by Dezi Arnaz's closet. Anyhow, Charlie wins the lottery  and ends up splitting the tip with his Waitress. Oh, and of course, you get  the obligitary love story when Charlie cheats on Rosie with his Waitress  after both of them run off to the Plaza Hotel after Rosie finds out that  they've been together doing &quot;friend&quot; things the entire afternoon.  Still following? Good. Now, you know that Charlie and the Waitress are  gonna end up together cuz he's reeallly, reeeeeally nice n' stuff and she's  sooo sweet and gentle and kind. Oh, and then there's this trial thing  thrown in for good measure wherein Charlie gets a slap on the hand for  cheating on Rosie and she tries to take the money away from him in the  process of divorcing. Charlie loses the bout as does the Waitress cuz an  American courtroom judge was reaaaallly awfully touched by Rosie's story  that SHE was the one who picked the winning numbers because her dead father  told them to her in a dream(HUH?). And Charlie and the Waitress sorta fall  outta love and go their separate ways for a bit until Charlie tells her  that he hasn't been able to stop thinking about her for days, so, they fall  back in love again. Oh, by the way, just because Charlie and the Waitress  open the Waitress's restaurant after hours and give a supposed street-bum a  bowl of soup in &quot;Their Darkest Hour&quot;, the next day, people from  around the country start to send cards(to her restaurant, no less)  containing cash because they're realllyy good-hearted people. They get  married and live happily ever after. The End. Oh, and I almost forgot, 90  percent of this &quot;true-story&quot; never happened in the first place.<br />Ta-da.<br />This has gotta be the most audience-manipulating movie of the  decade.<br />--Mattm a  bowl of soup in &quot;Their Darkest Hour&quot;, the next day, people from  around the country start to send cards(to her restaurant, no less)  containing cash because they're realllyy good-hearted people. They get  married and live happily ever after. The End. Oh, and I almost forgot, 90  percent of this &quot;true-story&quot; never happened in the first place.  <br />Ta-da.<br />This has gotta be the most audience-manipulating movie of the  decade.<br />--Matt
0671004107|4.0|The story is amazing in content, but can be rather hard to follow.  I saw the movie first and if I hadn't already had an idea of the plot, I would have been thoroughly confused.  Even with prior knowledge, it was a  difficult book to follow.  The story itself is incredible and very thought  provoking, but the technical descriptions and scientific jargon are  somewhat hard to grasp.
B000002BQK|5.0|mariah carey has always been able to please her fans with albums that showcase her talents (songwriting, composing music, vocal arrangement and of course her voice). this album is no exception. it takes mariah to new heights of musical artistry by exploring a more personal and intimate look  into the diva. personally, i have always held her daydreams LP as the  quiessential mariah album.. but times have changed, as so has the artist.  and her metamorphosis is far more beautiful than one would expect. many of  the tracks have an urban-influenced flavor, but mariah doesn't abandon the  older fans of her more contemporary style. the title track exeplifies  mariah's songwriting ability while &quot;breakdown&quot; and &quot;the  roof&quot; are the epitome of her musical creativity. all in all, this was  the best investment into my CD collection.
B00000IOSU|3.0|This should've been a double CD set.<br />I thought the choice of songs to include was disappointing at times. Then again, I would rather they included &quot;Black&quot; or &quot;Elsewhere&quot; in the place of  &quot;Do What You Have to Do&quot;. It would've been a delight to hear  something from &quot;Touch&quot;- which is one of my favorite albums.  Cmon  Sarah, let's have a live version of &quot;Trust&quot;!
B000002ADT|5.0|Kind of Blue is the ultimate jazz album.  Even for those not usually attuned to jazz cannot help but be compelled by its power. It can't be described in words but after listening to  the first track,&quot;So What&quot;, you tell yourself &quot;this is great&quot;.  The rest just  gets you hooked.<br />If this is jazz, this must be Heaven.
0767802659|4.0|Every thing about this movie is cool, the visual and sound fx are outstanding, the plot is the only downside of the movie ,its a little thin,     hey you cant have everything can you? There are only two sci-fi  movies that i would rate higher ,they are  ,Star Wars and Aliens... <br />If  you love sci-fi movies then Starshiptroopers is a MUST
B000000OSG|5.0|For the 60's, the Beatles Sgt. Pepper brilliantly defined popular music for the time. For the 70's this album had to be Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon, or Led Zeppelin's 4 and Springsteen's Born in the U.S.A. for the  80's; along with G'NR's Appetite For Destruction being an excellent album  from that decade. As for the 90's, G'NR's Use Your Illusion I&amp;II hold  that title. The 90's is filled with mindless music like Backstreet Boys,  Britney Spears, and even bands like Limp Bizkit and Blink 182. G'NR's is a  kick in the face to all of that type of music. The music on this album  insires thought, pours out anger, and drains emotion. Civil War is a  brilliantly crafted song. Rockier songs like You Could Be Mine, Pretty Tied  Up, and Double Talkin' Jive from Illusion I are pulse pounding numbers. The  greaest accomplishment stands out by far as the epic track Estranged. It  soars with classic guitar solos and chilling lyrics, definitely this  decade's Stairway To Heaven. You have to experience this classic song. I  wasn't sure how good it would be either, but I was blown away by its power.  Be patient, the song clocks in at 9:32 but never loses a captivating beat.  Buy these albums and treasure them, they are classics.
0156907399|2.0|I struggled passed the cryptic, abstract narrative to really get to know the characters.  I wanted to know their thoughts and feelings and kept hoping that at some point in time a full, rich character development would  become clear to me.  Although some under-the-surface insights into their  psyches were excellent,  they were no more earth-shattering than other 20th  century literature that I have read.  These solid character-defining  excerpts that I enjoyed so much were also few and far between, and I felt  annoyed that I had to wade through the &quot;filler&quot; to get to the  real thing.  Even with these excellently written insights, I still never  had a powerful image in my mind about the characters, and I did not  empathize with any of them.  It was a very detached experience.<br />In order  to appreciate the book more for what it was I tried to take into  consideration the timing of the book.  Today our society is very self aware  and we are able to articulate what we are thinking and feeling so much more  than we did in the 20's.  This book was written before Freud and Oprah were   household names,  and before we had access to TV and other forms of mass  media.  Perhaps the lack of clarity of the characters was symptomatic of  the lack of self-understanding that people (or Virginia Woolf) experienced  at that time.  I am sure if I read it again and did not filter it through  my late 20th century perspective on life,  I would find it to be the  masterpiece that it is revered to be.  But I will not read it again - I  would much rather read another book that grabs me the first time.<br />Overall  I am happy that I read it simply to have experienced a novel by Virginia  Woolf and check off another book from the New York Times 100 best books of  the 20th Century.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album is an awsome compilation of great artists with one of the best guitar players of all time, its a winning combination! You'll love the new styles infused into Santana's classic music. Buy it, you won't be sorry.
0783227434|5.0|My  35 year old brother squirted milk out his nose the first time he saw this cult classic.  Need I say more?
B00000DGUG|5.0|i've gone through difficult times in my life, and her lyrics were inspirational to me. in my times of deep depression i listened closely to her lyrics.i went to one of her concerts and was more than satisfied with her performance. i love alanis! my dream is to meet her and to become as  inspirational one day in the music business.
B000002UVZ|5.0|Admittedly, R.E.M. could record an album of Michael Stipe reading the dictionary and Peter Buck on the chainsaw, and I would praise it endlessly. However, in the pantheon of R.E.M. albums, this is head and shoulders above  the rest. It catches Mike, Peter, Bill, and Michael at the crossroads of  their college bar band, pig nose amp edginess and the maturation of their  musicianship and songwriting abilities. An essential recording for any  music fan.
6305428220|1.0|I was shocked at how blatantly this cheesey horror film rips off it's far superior predecesors. Mainly John Carpenters THE THING. Some of the scenes are actually lifted directly from that film. A glaring example is the scene  where the teacher is beheaded out in the shool parking lot. Her walking  head is the exact replica of the one in The Thing.<br />Also the scene in the  one of the teens homes where they snort coke to see who is not who they  pretend to be. Another direct rip off of The Thing.  <br />One more, is where  the queen morphs and reveals her true self is also somewhat reminescent of  The Thing. My suggestion? Leave this on the rental counter and rent a far  superior horror flick called The Thing.
B00000IOSU|4.0|This is a great cd of Sarah's old amd recent songs.  She is one of the few artists that sound just as good live as recorded.
B000001F5F|5.0|And you have to like there playful side on &quot;Party Girl&quot; including the Edge's cheesy botched guitar solo.
6302914191|5.0|Twin peaks did to television what van Gogh's work did to the contemporary art world of his time...nothing.  But if my faith in the human spirit is not misguided, Peaks will eventually recieve the credit that aforementioned  artist did, after the fact.  Late is better than never, theoretically.  THE  BEST SHOW OF ALL TIME
B00000J7J7|5.0|Brad has done it again once more. master of the piano and an a brilliant young artist. this is one of the best solo piano recordings i have ever heard, and a very touching one.<br />A must for Mehldau's fans and for anyone who appreciates jazz.
B00000JCB2|1.0|This record is some of the most terrible crap on wax.  People brag about seing Limp Bizkit at family values, I've seen seen them like eight times since 1996, yes they have been around that long.  If you're a fan of this  disk, you should get 3 dollar bill y'all so you can hear what the band  sounded like when they were good.
0800136586|1.0|This movie has it all! A story full of the American dream. I don't know why it had to be ruined with useless profanity. In my opinion it went from 5 stars to 1 star because ridiculous profanity.
B00000DGUG|1.0|There must be great hunger out there for something new and different because I find her vocal style absolutely grating.
B000002UA9|4.0|I was born way too late for Beatlemania, too late for The Summer of Love, too late, in fact, for the Beatles. But putting this album into my CD player is like stepping into a time warp - back to the days before the  music business (and the world) had become quite as commercialised and  cynical as it is today. What you hear on this record is the sound of  innocence, of the pure, unadulterated exuberance of the Beatles - before  the drugs, before the egos, as one reviewer put it. Yes, you can say it's  musically and lyrically slight compared to some of their post-1965 stuff.  But it's also just sheer fun. Even on the cover versions, the Beatles  manage to bring something to the party. 'Twist and Shout' is outstanding,  Lennon's voice hoarse and ragged at the tail end of the marathon 14-hour  recording session. 'We knew we had to get it down in one take, because he  couldn't possibly sing it twice', said George Martin at the time. Lennon  and McCartney's first classic, the joyous 'Please Please Me' is a song  that, in its own way, is as important in the Beatles catalogue as 'A Day in  the Life'. 'I Saw Her Standing There', 'Misery', 'Baby, It's You' - where  the playing isn't perfect, the personality still shines though.  <br />Some  anti-depressants come in tablet form; some come in CD covers. This is one  of them.
0380973642|4.0|I do believe &quot;Murder Mysteries&quot; is one of the most disturbingly haunting stories I have ever read. I can't seem to stop thinking about it, even though I read it a week ago. Very powerful. Worth five stars on its  own, four with the rest thrown in.  Other standouts for me were &quot;One  Life, furnished in Early Moorcock,&quot; &quot;Snow, Glass, Apples,&quot;  &quot;The Dream Sweeper,&quot; &quot;Troll Bridge,&quot;  &quot;Chivalry,&quot; and &quot;We can get them for you Wholesale.&quot;
B000000WF0|5.0|From the very first time I heard &quot;Bitter Sweet Symphany&quot; on the radio I knew it was going to be a hit. Then I heard &quot;Lucky Man&quot; and &quot;Sonnette&quot; and knew I had to get the album. And so I did and  what  a delicious treat it is. Every song is so heart felt, so romantic, so  hopeful, so sad, so atmospheric, so beautiful. Richard Ashcrofts lyrics are  like honest poetry from the heart of a boy to a girl he loves. And the way  he delivers with a soulful croon against the crafty guitar work and steady  drums is sweet. Still, it is never  mushy and sappy. Buy this CD. If you  have good taste you won't regret it. &quot;I hope you see what I see/ My  Lord/ I hope you feel what I feel.&quot;
B000001F3C|5.0|With &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot; and &quot;New Year's Day&quot;, two of the best songs ever, and a solid lineup around them, this could be the best ever. Stands the test of time well.
B000008JUM|4.0|Wonderful, unsusal and surprising new arrangements of Cole Porter standards. A few - Neneh Cherry's I've Got You Under My Skin, eg - are so personal as to elimininate the melody, which after all is half of what one loves about Cole Porter (I'm not giving up my Sinatra), but most - like  David Byrne's Don't Fence Me In - are as good as the classic recordings of  these songs.
0767835107|5.0|Ryan P. and the rest of the crew did the best work american teenager actors ever did! No one expects cruel intentions to be a great movie, though it's even more than great. thousands of issues are explored,  constructing an interesting, gracefull and amazing movie that probably wont  have its magnificence recognized, since the cast is still breaking through  Hollywood! Ryan P. and Geller will make some great actors some day  (actually they already are) such as DeNiro and Bette Midler.  It's a movie  everyone sould see, specially those who doubt the actors' talent.
B000002AH1|5.0|&quot;What I Say&quot; is one Miles' greatest performances.  Keith Jarrett opens it with a low down funky electric piano solo that rivals his own solo performances for passion and excitement, and Jack DeJohnette kicks it throughout.
6305252521|5.0|Seen this movie around 20 times, it's amazing. Jim Carry at his best
B00000JCB2|5.0|I'm new to the group Limp Bizkit, but after hearing Significant Other, I'm gonna have to check out there previous efforts.
B00000DFRS|1.0|What a horrible album for Whitney. All the songs but about 3 sounded exactly the same. I don't know what sound she was trying to establish but I could not listen to it. If you are a fan of her old music you will be disappointed. I hope she gains alot of new fans with this one because she  just lost one.  What a waste of money!
B000005DSN|3.0|Being a progressive rock fan, I felt I needed to check out Stratovarius just from what I had read about them. After reading the other reviews I've come to the conclusion that I'm either getting old or missing something about this CD. Several of the songs seem to have very simple melodies that  are totally overshadowed by 7 minutes of continuous double bass drum. I  thought my head was going to explode at one point. On a positive note, the  mellower songs were very pleasing to me. I think if you took away one bass  pedal from the drummer, this band could put out alot better CD.
0964385619|3.0|A new panacea, maybe not.  Robert does bring some good thoughts out and does challenge one to think. I was a little disappointed to learn/not learn any specifics or true depth.  He glosses over many things.  Over all, I  would recommend the book for the thought provocation ... not the sales  pitch. After all, if he is RICH and RETIRED, why doesn't he teach us all  for free ..... like &quot;Dad&quot; did for him?
0451169514|4.0|This book took a week to get through, but not a moment of it was boring.  Stephen King is one of my favorite authors, he has a wonderful eye for detail.  He also knows how to capture the very essence of childhood in a  way no one else can. 'IT' Will remind you of when you were a kid.  I have  just one complaint, but it's a big one.  I don't want to give the book  away, but I'll tell you that the &quot;Ritual of Chud&quot; section,  chapter 12 is horribly perverse.  I was literally disgusted.  I'm not a  person who is easily offended, but I think Mr. King crossed the line in  this chapter.  I really don't understand why it was necessary to put this  in the book.  In my opinion, this would be the greatest book ever written  without that section.  Still, I highly recommend 'IT'- wonderful  characters, unexpected plot twists, brilliant insight, suspense, and cheesy  horror.  What more could anybody want?
0385493800|4.0|As bad a &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot; was this book makes up for it.  Like many others I had sworn off reading another book by John Grisham.  After several people telling me this book was much better; I gave it a try.   It was considerably better than &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot;.  At times  it's even hard to put down.  After reading it I must admit I was  disappointed in the ending, but then I remembered the reason for not liking  some of his previous works was their predictable endings.  You won't  predict the end of this one.  It's all in all a fun story to read.  Mr.  Grisham even managed to jump off the soapbox for a good portion of the  book.
6305263248|5.0|This was a great movie about mercineries, honor, and car chases. The movie centers on a group of mercineries - left over agents from the cold war - who were gathered together to steal a suitcase. The 'thieves for hire' are  betrayed by their own. First by one of the mercineries, then by the people  who hired them. It was an original film that was well acted and well  directed and deserves its due credit for that, but it's edge of your seat  car chase scenes are what make the movie. Grant it - the plot was a little  hard to follow, but in my experience that draws you into the movie more.  I'd rate it along side of 'The Usual Suspects'. Great movie - 5 stars!
6305358567|2.0|This film is shot in the dark, so it's hard to tell what's going on. I know interiors were dark in those days, but there was such a thing as daylight. It is also gratuitously violent.
B00000J2KX|5.0|The Shinning needs no presentation, and here it is given to us with image and sound that only a DVD can bring.  But the little documentary on the making of it, filmed by Kubrick's dauhgter, is a rare occasion to see the  master film maker at work.  The only ngative point is that it's not long  enough.  Kubrick is a genius, no doubt about that.
0446343129|4.0|There is no significant similarity in the structure of sucrose (or any other sugar) to the structure of cocaine.  It can only be said that they are one molecule different because they are both molecules, and are  different.  Using that type of argument, the same could be said of water  and oil, or O2 and CFCs.  The implication is that if you make one tiny  little change in sucrose, bang, you have cocaine, but you would need a  whole series of enzymes, changing ring structures, adding a N, and removing  oxygens, etc.  Sugar may be bad, but there is no need to lie about it.   Please be certain to check any scientific claims for validity.
0812589041|5.0|This is it, right here.  &quot;Ender's Game&quot; is without a doubt, THE best book in the world EVER.  It was read to me during my 6th grade year...I believe I have read it at least 20 times since then.  <br />The  government of the world has put the future of Earth in the hands of a seven  year old boy...the threat of a &quot;bugger&quot; invasion looms overhead,  and humanity fears for it's very existence.<br />Enter the hero.  Ender is  amazing, he overcomes the odds by using his brain and wit, and learns to  use what strength he has to his advantage.  Battle School seems bent on  trying to make him fail, and your heart unwittingly goes out to this boy  while he struggles to succeed.  <br />This is not a story you can put down,  and come back to.  <br />This is a story that grabs you by the collar, shakes  you, and demands that you read it...I suggest you listen.
6304509162|5.0|This movie rocks my world.  As a little kid, some of the scenes were quite terrifying.  Now that I'm older, I can really appreciate the finer features like the soundtrack, plot line, and acting.  While this is a purely  fictional sci-fi kinda thing, it seems all-too-real.<br />The only part I  didn't really like about this flick was the inconsistency of who the  &quot;TV people&quot; are.  Did they come into the home from the  television, or were they left there when the father's real estate company  moved the cemetery?  (And how, indeed, did the surveyors, construction  workers, AND pool diggers avoid hitting one of those coffins that springs  up in the end of the film while digging and lying the foundation?   Poltergeists are the least of the Freeling's worries; I smell a CONSPIRACY  THEORY!!!)  The second movie provides a better reasoning as to the spirits'  hovering around the house (and more specifically, to Carol-Anne), and the  third even more so (not to imply that these movies are necessarily GOOD,  just to say they fill in the plot gaps of the original).  <br />Some very good  scenes include the &quot;mother&quot; ghost descending the staircase with  the others around her, and the scene just before Diane &quot;crosses  over&quot; to retrieve her daughter, tethered on a rope by Steven.   Tangina, laughable and ineffectual throughout ALL the  &quot;Poltergeist&quot; movies also has a good scene when she explains of  THE BEAST to the others.  &quot;He liiiies to herrr...  he tells huh things  onlah a chiiiiuuld could undah-stand....&quot;<br />Very good movie; some  slight exceptions.
6303979882|5.0|I have seen this movie about 100 times, and I know it backwards and forwards.  This is a movie about 4 teenage girls who, when they are 12, make a promise that they will be there for eachother when they are older if  any of them need it.  Well, that day has come, and they all meet again,  after 10 years of not seeing eachother.  This movie was excellently  written, and the actors and actresses acted SO well!  I think that you  should see this movie as soon as you can!
B000001Y2U|5.0|First, this is in no way goth-music. Marilyn Manson is *a goth* performing *industrial metal.* Goth-rock is The Cure's &quot;Pornography&quot;, Fields of the Nephilim's &quot;Elyzium&quot;, etc.<br />This is not an album intended  to be taken at face value; if you do, you are deluding yourself. Manson's  statement was a scathing satire of our society's glorification of violence  in the media; it is against the same things Manson's critics are. Manson  tells a story of a nameless man who becomes society's idol through his  attempts to destroy it. Society is at the point that nothing beautiful  matters anymore, and the only man who can capture the world's heart is his  fictional &quot;antichrist superstar&quot;. Less an album than a powerful  although somewhat uncohesive statement, Antichrist Superstar is the  &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot; of rock.<br />Oh, and it sounds pretty cool, too.  If you're into that sort of thing ;)
B00000J7J7|5.0|Rarely have we had in the past years such talented musicians... His solo playing gives an insight in private Brad, the &quot;portrait of a young man as an artist&quot;. No wonder Brad is here to stay... Bravo ! Looking forward to hearing him again at La Villa in Paris !
B000006NPY|5.0|&quot;To Sheila&quot;, the albums opening track, proves that Billy Corgan is the master of ballads.  &quot;Ava Adore&quot;, probably the albums most up-beat track, bounces and flows with somewhat disturbing lyrics and an irrisistable guitar solo.  &quot;Once Upon A Time&quot; is a soothing  lullaby, and &quot;The Tale of Dusty...&quot; is a catchy, heartsick song  with a powerful chorus. During &quot;Appels + Oranjes&quot; we find  ourselves questioning our own existence, and &quot;For Martha&quot; fills  the void with Corgan's high-pitched pleas for a lover to stay.  This album  proves that the Pumpkins ARE here to stay. Bursting with creativity and  diversity, Adore is a wise choice!
630027179X|4.0|I firmly believe that &quot;Excalibur&quot; is the finest  fantasy/mythic movie ever.  The classic tales are told from a darker more adult perspective (similiar to Malory's intent) and love, lust, honor, magic,  duty and good and evil all clash in a classic story of lost hope/values and  eventual redemption in the eternal struggle of good v.s. evil.<br />The  portrayal of Merlin is fantastic.
B000002P5W|5.0|ALBUM SHOWS CREATIVITY AND A LOT OF SPUNK. JIMI DISPLAYS WILDNESS COMBINED WITH CREATIVITY. IT IS PROBABLY THE EXPERIENCE'S BEST ALBUM. A MUST FOR JIMI HENDRIX FANS.
B00000AFWW|1.0|I cannot believe what has happened to HOLE...HOLE was once my religion..i listened to them constantly their agressive loud music helped me get through some very depressing times when i was in highschool...now i can  turn on the radio and here HOLE playing inbetween N'SYNC or Brittany Spears  trash!!!...i go to the music store and see sorority sisters gathering  around the HOLE section and chanting &quot;Oh make me over&quot; in there  sorority vernacular....A band that was once part of my life for almost 7  years has sold out to the masses and can now be heard playing on adult  contemporay stations...I know this is mindless drivel..but this album marks  the end.. of what to me was the greatest band on earth!!! Any real Hole fan  would obviously be appauld at this bland commercial garbage...Im sorry Hole  but you have let me and many other REAL fans down...the sound of PRETTY ON  THE INSIDE and LIVE THROUGH THIS is obviously dead and so is what could  have been a legendary band.......:(
B000009QPE|5.0|From the first pounding E chord Kerry King and Jeff Hanneman hit, which starts off the screaming adrenalin charged 'ANGEL OF DEATH' all the way to the end where the thunder and raining effects burst in after my all time  favorite song 'RAINING BLOOD' SLAYER absolutley does Reign in Blood with  one of the GREATEST albums ever. I especially enjoy it because of all the  great guitar playing being a guitarist myself. It is very heard not to just  jump around and bang your head while listening to this album thats why it's  so great to hear the songs from this album played by Slayer live in  concert. The lyrics are so well written and graphic they could scare an old  woman to death. Tom Araya has one of the coolest and scariest voices ever  and when he does those high pitched screams you feel as though your souls  been ripped apart.The drums pound so hard with power and are one of the  elements that makes this record one of the heaviest ever. The songs from  REIGN IN BLOOD really would make a good soundtrack to a horror film!
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Jennifer Lopez and this CD is a clear display of why there is really no such thing as talent in music nowadays. Making music takes no skills as it used to. Before people would know how to play instruments, learn how to  sing or even create meaningful lyrics. This album shows that music is  reaching the level of being a joke. All you need is marketing, marketing,  marketing and promotion. Where is the quality in this CD, there isn't any.  First of all (as with most CDs now) she tries to appeal to every audience  without sticking to one format. Seriously folks, what is the difference  between her and Britney Spears? You will not find a singer all of a sudden  being deemed a great football player or stock broker without practice or  knowledge of the stock market. In music nowadays you need no formal  training, but a name, a cute smile, a hook that works and to not stray far  from &quot;what is hot&quot;. Jennifer Lopez is hoping for success like  Will Smith, but she must remeber Will Smith was a rapper and perfected his  storytelling skills long before he was in Independence Day. Jennifer was  like &quot;I always wanted to make records&quot;, well Jennifer 95% of the  population wanted to also. Why don't you stick to what you do best (and you  do it very well) which is acting, not singing. People I'm not saying don't  buy her album, but be conscious of people trying to expand with music,  because for the short lived wonders like &quot;The Spice Girls&quot;,  &quot;Britney Spears&quot; and &quot;Mrs. Lopez&quot; are ageless legends  who were skilled and not afraid of change like &quot;Metallica&quot;,  &quot;Jimmi Hendrix&quot; and &quot;Michael Jackson&quot;.
B00000I7LJ|5.0|If you're wondering whether to buy this CD, go for it!  Whether you already have Tigerlily or not, this CD is worth it!  It is a double set, with the beautiful, amazing album Tigerlily on the first disc and a bonus  disc that features the radio edit of Jealousy, plus live covers of Sympathy  for the Devil, Baby I Love You, Son of a Preacher Man, Take a Look, and The  Work Song.  This disc is great for showing off Miss Merchant's live  charisma, and her voice is perfect for the blues-y, rocky songs she sings!
0374172897|4.0|Really, all in all, a very good read but I must admit it sent me scurrying for my well-worn copy of Mrs. Dalloway. I read through The Hours very quickly so curious as to how it would all turn out, how it would end.  In  the back of my mind as I approached the ending I kept thinking of the final  line of Mrs. Dalloway, &quot;For there she was.&quot; No other sentence  could have ended Mrs. Dalloway. It had to be thus. Indeed every word in the  novel seemed inevitable.  The mark of truly great art, I suppose, this  condition of inevitability. I did not get this sensation of rightness at  close of The Hours. In the end I found that The Hours  association with  Woolf and her novel Mrs. Dalloway always begged attention to the fact that  Cunningham's work is not of the same caliber as Woolf's.  Read this book  but if you are pressed for time skip it and read Woolf!
0380002930|5.0|This book is funny and sad at times. When Interesting things happen Fiver, Hazel, and the rest make me laugh at how smart they really are This is a story every one should read not just because I said so but of their own  accord.
6303540082|5.0|Although this film does not show it's viewers all of the true aspects of Madonna's stage life. It's really fun playing the part of a virtual roadie.
B000000OU4|5.0|As with much of Metheny's best work...this music defies classification. That's a good thing, I think. <br />I'm once again mindful of Debussy's imaginative and expressive &quot;tone poems&quot;. This is modern in the best sense, and deeply classic (rather than &quot;classical&quot;)in its  heart and soul.<br />One of the best ever from the PMG.<br />P.S. -- Regarding  the &quot;indecent&quot; shot on the back cover...as per the previous  poster's complaint: Uh...I can't find anything even marginally provocative.  Dang! Where is it?
B000003KMM|5.0|If you need to pick with film of the three films to see.  Just stay with the first one.  Great cast and a good script.
B0000019PA|5.0|I read a CMJ review of this album sometime last year; I vaguely remembered it, and stored the name in the back of my head.  Then a few months later, I saw it listed in about a million top 10 lists for 1998.  Then one day I  bought it on a whim, having never heard it (something I never do).  I guess  luck was with me that day.<br />Though it's futile to describe the music on  this record, I'll try.  It's an insane mix of distorted bass, horns, saws,  theremins, and other strange sounding instruments and a guy who's got one  of the most honest voices you'll ever hear.  The pace alternates between  mostly acoustic ballads (something i usually despise) and caffinated garage  rockers.  Mind you it all sounds like it was recorded in 1935.  It's  literally like nothing I've ever heard;  and i'm mostly into punk, so this  is something i never would have listened to given the description.  but  hell, good music is good music, and this is some of the best you're likely  to find.<br />Now many people say lead singer/musical genius Jeff Magnum's  voice is &quot;unlistenable.&quot;  It may not be polished, but how many  singers out there take vocal lessons?  If they did, everyone would sound  like Boyz II Men.  This man has a voice that makes it sound like he means  what he is saying, and it may be an acquired taste, but by no means  unlistenable.<br />This disc is like a punch in the stomach (a good punch);   you can feel what Jeff is saying.  And that's something that so few  musicians are able to do.  I own over 500 cds; I've heard every type of  music imaginable; and this is right near the top of them all.  Believe the  hype, the good press, because this album is absolutely amazing.
B000002LEU|5.0|Everytime I go to sleep listening to this album, i fall in love with Ian Curtis, a poet who makes most all other writers seems trivial. Exciting music, energy, darkness, sadness, desperation, bleeding the soul and carving at your heart. Doesn't make me depressed; it makes me feel almost  complete. An excellent choice for a Joy Division newcomer.
0783233477|5.0|I thought this might be a sad movie, but when it started out and Hopkins is hearing voices it really got me intrigued.  Actually the saddest part was early in the movie.  After Susan and &quot;Joe Cool&quot; (Brad Pitt in  the coffee shop) meet,  share some personal thoughts, have some laughs and  then (presumeably without exchanging phone numbers) go their separate ways.    They each alternate looking back at each other leaving the scene.  Pitt  (character name unknown at that point) has such a forlorned look on his  face as if he may miss the chance to see Susan again.  <br />I really enjoyed  the humor and tone of this movie... also the passionate romance that builds  between Susan and Joe Black.  The music is really intense too.  <br />Claire  Forlani is seems so natural in her role as Susan.  Hopkins and Pitt are  excellent together with their sometimes supporting and sometimes conficting  roles.<br />The setting of the movie is GREAT!  It's interesting seeing how  the extemely wealthy live in such opulent surroundings.  Most of the movie  seems so real that you forget it's a fantasy.  So you may have a hard time  grasping parts that aren't believeable.  I let go of reality for the full 3  hours and just accepted the notion that anythings possible in the movies!   This movie is so full of feeling. I absolutely loved it.<br />The DVD extra  segment on behind the scenes details was cool too.
B00000ADG2|5.0|An amazing outlook on life and what it consists of by Lauryn Hill.  From high, ecstatic songs to slow beat motown tunes, this album pumps out beats and wonderful lyrics throughout.  Hill is one of the few artists who I can really believe when she sings about her experiences.
B00000J7S8|3.0|I have Diana Krall's previous two CDs and this one comes short of both &quot;All For You&quot; and &quot;Love Scenes.&quot;  I agree there's too much strings in too many of the songs giving it a more &quot;pop&quot; feel than the other albums.  I further agree with other reviewers who said that  there's not enough emphasis on her piano playing.  Her singing definitely  has more wit and swing when she's active on the keys.
6302797586|5.0|I'm a lawyer.  I learned nearly as much about how to cross-examine a witness from this film as I ever did in law school.  Superb.
0060977493|1.0|Boy did I buy the hype written on the back of this book! Call me a sucker! This book is not only weird, but barely interesting.  I forced myself to read it so that I could comment on it.. not because I thought it would get  better.  Do not bother says DomeQueen
078322706X|5.0|This movie touched me in many new ways.  Being a fan of Anthony Hopkins and also Brad Pitt, I am surprised that it took me this long to watch this very moving and touching movie.<br />I feel that words alone cannot express my  gratitude to these wonderful actors.  I was truly needing something new and  fresh and challenging in my life, and this movie did provide that avenue.   This movie held me at its mercy from the time it began, until the very last  moment.  For a few hours I was quiet, still and moved from laughter to  tears.<br />I cannot remember a finer love story ever put to film, and I have  seen most of them.  My hope would be that if you are reading this and  wondering if you should see this film - my challenge to you is not to wait  another minute.  I would also encourage you to invite every person you care  about to see it with you.  It will touch and move every person to hope and  dream again - as it did me.<br />I thank you Mr. Hopkins, Brad Pitt and  Claire, for your outstanding performances, for the authenticity of your  roles played, and for the new hopes, dreams and desire I now carry in my  heart.  I will forever cherish this movie.  I will encourage everyone I  know to see and experience this wonderful film.  Thank you.
0425152251|5.0|Despite all the harsh criticism that Sophie's World received in these reviews, I thoroughly enjoyed the book.  First I would like to criticize some details, such as the fact that it wasonly a discussion of European  Philosophers, and secondly that about 200 years were left undiscussed as  they jumped from era to era.  However in makning these criticism I am  mindful that Mr. Gaarder could only write about that which he was familiar  with (Europe), and could not cover every nitty gritty detail.  The story  line is quite enveloping, and the plot twists are masterful, even if the  end could be called a little chidish.  I loved the presentation of the  philosophical material, because it made it fairly simple to digest, and to  remember.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone.  Sophie's Worl is  definitely a masterpiece!
0060930349|3.0|Bought this without reading reviews or knowing reputatin of author, becuase I wanted a general survey type of history.   First half was very interesting.  Gained many new insights on the founding, settling of  America.   The author very nicely traces the development of the slavery  issues, even during the periods when it was not the foremost political  issues.<br />However, when the author gets to the 20th century,  his political  orientations are so blatant and obvious,  that the sense of major themes  being developed is lost.   The last 50 pages of book are disgustingly  racist, sexist, et al.  I will not read any more history by this author.
B00000AFWW|4.0|As somebody who absolutely hated all previous Hole albums, and the fact that I never liked Courtney Love (drug-fuled rage never sounds good coming from her), this album was a real suprise.<br />The songs are actually  listenable, &quot;Malibu&quot;, &quot;Celeberty Skin&quot;, and  &quot;Awful&quot; (perhaps a good descriptive title for their earlier  matereal) are great songs I can listen to when I am in the mood for good,  solid rock. Billy Corgan might have done Hole a big favour.
6305169195|1.0|Not even remotely entertaining. The implications of an asteroid destroying all life on Earth is frightening, suspenseful and action-packed enough without hollywood getting involved but, now that they have, certain things  have changed. Here's 10 facts I've learned from watching Armageddon:<br />1.  NASA officials are incompetent to handle matters involving outer space.  Such things should be left to brave oil riggers.<br />2. Mir is now an  unstable refueling station. <br />3. There's plenty of gravity in space -  unless you need to jump over a canyon on an asteroid.<br />4. It only takes 30  minutes to get to the moon.<br />5. Oil riggers can be trained as competent  astronauts in just a couple of days.<br />6. All space buggies are equipped  with .50 caliber chain guns.<br />7. Some people get &quot;spaaaaace  maaaaadness!&quot; er, I mean &quot;space dimentia&quot;. <br />8. Space  shuttles can crash land on strange asteroids, take off again and STILL land  safely on earth.<br />9. One nuke can blow an asteroid the size of Texas in  half. (Anyone who has ever driven across Texas knows this to be a silly  notion)<br />10. NASA regularly lets pretty girls in sundresses aproach  recently landed shuttles ahead of certified personnel wearing radiation  suits just so they can give their big, strong boyfriends a hero's  welcome.<br />Like many other people I cried during this movie; I never  realized I could feel such sympathy for a rock hurling through space. I  would have given this movie 5 stars if the asteroid had destroyed the  planet. <br />Do yourself a favor and skip this one.
630518299X|1.0|How can you people actually like this movie? It was one of the worst movies I have ever seen. I saw it in the theatres and it was a waste of money!! Jim Carey was horrible in that role.....what were the golden globe  people thinking? Don't even bother to rent it....it was a waste.......
0790729628|5.0|You would think that a Directors Cut DVD would sound at least as good as what you expect from any top rated DVD. But this release sounds so flat that even when played on a good 5.1 system (and turning the center speaker all the way down, trying to boost the side and rear sounds) I felt like returning it for a refund. The VHS version played in stereo, even sounds better. Hopefully, they will re-release yet another cut, and do for the audio, what has otherwise been done for this great movie.
B000002AH9|5.0|The care-worn voice backed by a lush orchestra, like sandpaper against satin, expresses pain and emotion like no one else. This album is a masterpiece. Highly recommended.
0792841050|5.0|Everybody should see this one
6303187064|5.0|This movies real strength comes not from the portrail of our hero and his fiancee wrongfully murderd and his subsiquent return from the dead to set the wrong things right (although it is very well done to be sure with  strong performances all around).  That part of the story is an old theme  revisited many times in cinema and in literature.  (Again, this is not a  weakness and the director Alex Proyas does a wonderful job with it.<br />What  made this movie so good (and the next one soooooo bad) was the way the  villan was presented.  There are scenes where we watch him reflecting on  his fathers death and spending quiet moments of intimacy with his  half-sister.  He is a man of vision (twisted though it might be) and is  shown through these insights to be human and with feelings even though  those feelings and he himself are warped.  With the backdrop of a city and  its people in decay it is easy to see how such a man might have  evolved.<br />The movie also evokes a strong sense of nostolgic longing and a  very powerful emotional connection that the viewer can't help but feel to  the story and the characters.  Also, the fact that the dialogue is well  done (another must see for quotable quotes fans.  This movie has lots to go  around) and even the minor figures are drawn clearly and stand as distinct  characters is a major plus as well.<br />With a FIVE STAR rating there has to  be multiple layers at work that work well together.  The Crow delivers on  all of them.
0780020901|2.0|I confess, art films are, for the most part, lost on me. If you like Ken Russell and the kind of movie he makes, you will like &quot;Mahler.&quot; A lame remark for a lame movie. As an ardent and devoted fan of Mahler's  music I felt compelled to watch this thing, but books are far more  revealing about Mahler and his legacy than this pretentious and overwrought  wallow in ponderous piffle. The one part that I did like, of course, was  the music. Russell puts it to good use - but regrettably we don't see much  of Mahler the conductor. In any case, the movie is too bad to be boring,  but I look forward to a less arty and more straightforward motion picture  interpretation of Mahler's life. Maybe someday.
1572700483|5.0|Siddhartha is a beautiful story from start to finish! For the three hours'time the story runs on cassette tape, the listener is treated to a magical journey to the river of life as he or she accompanies Siddhartha,  son of a wealthy Brahmin, and his lifelong friend, Govinda, on Siddhartha's  search for enlightment. What is more is that there is just as much beauty  in finding that one does not need to live a life of material wealth to find  true happiness. I also found a certain beauty learning about the Buddhist  religion, including nirvana, through Derek Jacobi's mellifluous reading,  and that death is not an end to be feared, but rather a beginning to  another life--a life in which we are free from pain, hunger, and thirst,  because we know that these needs will be met. I would favorably suggest  this book to anyone who is a fan of Derek Jacobi's work and wants a  relaxing read for the summer months, too.
B00000ILDE|5.0|The first 2 &quot;Alien&quot; movies have always been some of my all time favorites, but the DVD version made them top of the list. Excelent sound and image, great additional information and a very nice animated menu the  access all these features. The 14 additional minutes in Aliens might make  the movies a bit slower, but espacially Alien fans will appreciate it,  because they add a lot to the plot of the movie.<br />Summary: A SHOULD BUY  for everyone, a MUST BUY for every fan of the genre, a SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT A  LONG TIME AGO for every fan of Alien(s).
034538072X|5.0|I found this book hard to put down. I must say it gives a good mental picture of Henry and his attitude toward his wives. Better yet, it is a great reference for each of his wives, never have I been able to find so  much information on all of his wives. I give it a thumbs up and look  forward to more writings from the author.
630264366X|5.0|Gregory Peck and Christopher Plummer give outstanding performances as Monsr. Hugh O'Flaherty(Peck) and SS Col. Herbert Kapler(Plummer). The action and suspense of the movie keeps it going at a brisk pace. The story  follows Peck as a Vatican official trying to save Italian Jews and Allied  escaped POW's from the hands of the German SS. Plummers portrayal as Col.  Kapler is both chilling and frightening, especially when he personally  executes a Catholic priest who was caught helping the Resistance. Peck's  portrayal of Father O'Flaherty is very moving to watch. The intelligence  and compassion of this man truly shows through and shows how much Father  O'Flaherty deserved the awards and decorations he received from the Allies  after the war. And the ending is very surprising as well! It is also a plus  having the movie shot in Rome where the actual events took place. A truly  classic movie. I highly recommend it.
B00000IQUT|4.0|this movie really wasent scary well except the bathtub sceen and the ending but still a good flick worth about $8.00
B00000J6AG|5.0|I think it is one of the best CDs I've ever got. It is unique, alive, real, simple, both tough and sensitive. It is amazing that all 18 songs are that good. You do not have to be just rock, jazz, funk, or whatever to  listen to it.  It is an experience somebody has to live ... It is primitive  rythm!
0385484518|5.0|This is an excellent book! It's really puts everyday life's little bumps and brusies on the shelf. Well done..
B000000993|5.0|One of the best cd's ever! It may take a few weeks to understand, but then it's unbelievable! Tool is one of the most unique bands out there. Notice that all Tool's albums and EP's are 5 STARS! You must have this cd in any  rock/metal music collection. It deals with religion, emotion, mentality,and  is also humorous. The Undertow videos are awsome too. This cd is for anyone  who doesn't mind thinking a little.
0783225857|5.0|when i read the book, i decided to do my bookreport on it and my review was longer than my paragraph summarizing the book, and i feel the same way about the movie. It's a story about life, the good times which can be  simple, the hard times and tragedies which comlicate things. it's more so  though, the story aboout a widowed southern lawyer, whose unlimited love  for his children maks him a hero, and whose debotion to his work makes him  noble. the tragic part is that he, and his good children are forced to  suffer tragidies that might not hit ordinary people. you will cry.
0060930349|5.0|Every high school student in the country should be required to read this masterpiece of American history. In an age where books with titles like &quot;American History: All You Really Need to Know&quot; reach best-seller  status, Paul Johnson's book dares to reveal that which you probably don't  NEED to know, but rather focuses on the interesting and hence more  memorable aspects of American history. The book is full of interesting bits  of trivia and well-researched biographies of various Americans. A definite  must-read for any aspiring historian for its content and style.
B00000IYWH|5.0|Elvis at his best session ever, Elvis at his most intrested, Elvis in his prime. This record cannot be topped by any pop artist in any era. The production puts to shame most recordings of today corporate music  mentality.<br />This is a keeper for all time..now what about SACD version, in  fact RCA/BMG needs to re-master all of the CD's that have been put out  before this year and that should include a super box set of all the early  recording 1954-1964 and then another super box set covering  1964-1977.<br />With new SACD(super audio cd) we will have the best sound ever  if only RCA cares to take the time re-master the cd right and that means  using a tube tape deck and tube preamp to master the 50's and early 60's  tracks.<br />Elvis your were the man, and this cd proves it. Elvis does not  have to take a back set to any artist in any era be that artist black or  white, british or americian.<br />BUY THIS CD!
B00000J8EK|3.0|Definitely a change of pace for the Chemical Brothers.  I found the CD to be just another &quot;Dance 99&quot; disco sound.  I have grown to expect more from the artists.  Expect to be disappointed.  I would not recommend  purchasing this CD, it wears thin real fast with it's lack of artistry and  repetitive disco pounding.
B000001GBJ|5.0|This is an excellent CD.  &quot;Heartstrings&quot; makes me cry whenever I hear it, the story behind it is beautiful.
006092988X|1.0|This is the most tedious novel I have ever read.  Not only does it spend too much time with detail,  it seems to drag on FOREVER.  A complete waste of time.  Smith spends so much time on character development yet none of  the characters are interesting or intelligent.  And it never ends!  If you  are suicidal, do not read this book--it's too depressing.  This is the  first book I have actually hated.  When I read it I daydreamed at least 50  times a page.  I though I would never finish.  This book is for sensative,  emotional girls who cried during Titanic.  Boys who like Star Wars and Pulp  Fiction will want to burn this book after reading ten pages.  Trust me.  A  lot of people like it because they can &quot;relate&quot; to it.  But  that's not what literature is about.  Literature is about telling an  interesting story in a manner that provokes thought, not about spending  three-quarters of the book getting people &quot;attached&quot; to the  characters and then at the end put them through a tragedy that makes  sensative people cry and delute themselves into thinking the book was  &quot;powerful&quot; and &quot;moving&quot;.  Take my word for it, this  book is wordy and poorly though out.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This album defines heavy! Corey Taylor is the new king of metal.  His vocalizations range from melodic to gutural gut wrenching attacks.  Slipknot's use of three percussionists provides a pulsating tribal stomp  throughout the entire album.  Slipknot is the first metal band to make  turntables an aggressive instrument of percussion (unlike the whiteboy rap  of Kid Rock and Limp Bizkit).This album is the sonic incarnation of  everyone's premilenial doomsday fears. CROWS!
0060975768|5.0|This is one of the best books about a single battle, in any war, that I have read. I believe clarity of the situation, problems, &amp; concerns facing the men who fought a particular battle are key to a good &quot;battle Book.&quot; I also appreciate the &quot;PFC's view&quot; as well as the overall picture. This title does an excellent job of that.There are plenty of maps that make the situation very clear to the reader. I find it very ironic &amp; tragic that at the end of this first &quot;test&quot; of air mobility the renforcements are ordered to walk into LZ Albany &amp; ambush. It is even more ironic that the brass saw the battle is an american victory, and set the precident for the &quot;way to fight&quot; in Vietnam eventhough the concepts of using airmobility were never used in this battle.(airmobility- using the mobility &amp; speed of helicopters to envelope &amp; crush an enemys positions, routes of withdrawl, etc.) Instead the troopers fought off waves of PAVN or NVA attacking their perimeter. I recommend this title to anyone interested in Vietnam or military history.
6303617719|5.0|Ohhhh...where to start? This movie just makes me wish I could live in it. Even with his ridiculous Inspector-Clouseau accent, Kevin Kline is SO incredibly sexy. He and Meg Ryan are riotously funny together, and the  one-liners fly fast and furious. Everyone I've seen this with has adored  it...and I should add that the quirky, wonderfully interesting soundtrack  is worth the price of admission by itself. See it, then buy your own copy.
B00000INEX|5.0|My two month old daughter has been faithfully watching this and Baby Mozart since she was one month old...she is completely fascinated with this tape and she's starting to talk and laugh at the objects on the screen....I  even feel entertained!Very adorable and studies show that it increases baby  brainpower!
079213690X|5.0|Excellent movie by Mel Gibson.  Portrays real life history of the battle for Scottish Freedom. Very inspiring movie.  It affects you in so many ways, it really makes you think about how lucky we are to have freedom.
B000003N7K|5.0|I've had this album on vinyl for many years and never tire of listening to it. My brother (a true jazz aficionado) calls it &quot;The greatest record ever made.&quot; I laughed--until I heard it. He's right! It's a unique melding of voice and instrument that reaches into your soul. And if you're looking for a soundtrack for your romantic endeavors, this can't be beat.
B000002GLE|5.0|I first bought this album on vinyl in 1987, and I still have it (although I've probably worn it out by now).  I don't listen to this one every day, but when I'm in the mood to hear some great live music, I have to throw this one in.<br />While some of the &quot;traditional&quot; Police hits are  missing from this one, I think it showcases some of Sting's lesser-known  songs and his great voice and range of style.  I get chills thinking of  Children's Crusade and We Work the Black Seam.  This album is worth the  price for the live version of one of my all-time favorite songs (and one of  Sting's as well): Tea in the Sahara.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is definately one of the best albums of 1999.  I bought Three Dollar Bill Y'all and was sorely disappointed.  Even though, I still gave Significant Other a chance, and I'm glad I did.  Every song is a mix of  adrenaline pump and great lyrics (&quot;Heavy is the head that wears the  crown&quot;) etc.  I'm not going to talk your ear off because you're  probably not even reading this.  BUY THE CD!!
B00000J2KX|4.0|Kubrick took the original narrative and devised a story about the descent into madness vs. the original King emphasis on the ghost story and possession aspect. The recent television remake has its merits  (particularly in the subtle believable performance of Jack's gradual  &quot;possession&quot;), as does this theatrical version.<br />King reportedly  doesn't care for Kubrick's cold, clinical approach to the horror story (but  that's to be expected--look at every film Kubrick made--there is a level of  detachment and clinical observation that reminds one that the film maker  --and audience--are always observers).<br />While this isn't the best of  adaption of King's work, it is distinctly Kubrick's own version of the same  tale. What most fans of the film and book frequently miss is the subtle  (and not so subtle at times) satire of horror film cliches.<br />The change  in the ending from King's novel works well--it re establishes  the sense of  unpredictability in the world that informs King's book. Certainly an  outstanding (if uneven )film, Kubrick manages to capture the essence of  King's themes while creating a film that distinctly belonged to Kubrick  himself.
0425107469|5.0|Dean koontz made novel history with the creation of this book.  This is the first of many books that i have purchased and read of his novels.  THe creation of the movie watcher's shouldn't be associated with this novel.   Koontz takes the reader in a heart pounding journey with every page.  I  have recommended this novel to all of my closest friends as I shall also  recommend this novel to every stranger who feeds off of mystery and  suspense.  Personally I read this novel in three days because I couldn't  stand to stop and continue reading.  This books just grabs you and pulls  you in.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|This was an OK CD.  I just bought it a few hours ago and I'm already sorta sick of it.  The songs are too origional.  Im not a big fan of the spanish talk either which there is alot of.  Especially at the last 2 min of  &quot;Should've Never&quot;.  She's whispering in Spanish the whole time.   It's an OK CD and if you like her song &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; then  you'll probably like the rest of the songs on it but that is the best song  on there.  If you dont like &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; then dont get it  because the songs dont get much better than that.  But overall it was an OK  album.
B000002NBY|5.0|This is the CD I have playing in my car because every song is excellent and easy to listen too. I love every song and sing along in the car, much to the merriment of other drivers.
B00000IBRX|4.0|I have never seen a movie as visually magnificent as &quot;What Dreams May Come.&quot; It is a groundbreaking film which hints at what can be done with special effects besides having spaceships shoot at each other, or  having certain objects on the screen appear black and white and others  color. The visual effects meld and flow and soar, giving an exquisite  backdrop to this allegory of life and death and afterlife.<br />The movie does  a good job of representing many religious points of view, without espousing  any one in particular. One disappointment, however, was that it did not  come up with any new ideas, but stayed very safely within the confines of  accepted New Age spirituality. The focus was much more on the emotional and  visual aspects of the film than on spiritual issues.<br />The story would have  had more impact, also, if the relationships between the parents and  children had been more fully established before the deaths occurred. Doling  the story out piecemeal, in flashbacks, interrupts the flow of the movie  and blunts the emotional impact.<br />Robin Williams and Cuba Gooding, Jr.,  were both excellent. There are only a handful of actors who could work in  this kind of medium and hold their own, without either getting lost in the  special effects, or dominating the movie to the point where the effects  were secondary. Both Williams and Gooding walk that very fine line and, as  a result, allow the moviegoer to suspend disbelief for a few hours and  enter this magical, tragic, beautiful world with them.
B0000025BL|5.0|This is a great CD that works on a lot of different levels. It was originally conceived as a parody of a Bruce Springsteen LP (think &quot;Born To Run&quot; - era), and in fact sports the drummer (Max  Weinberg, now with Conan O' Brian) and the pianist (Roy Bittan) from the E  Street Band. If you take the album as a joke it works  brilliantly - good,  harmless fun. But the music here can also work straight up - songs like Two  Out Of Three Aint Bad, You Took The Words Right Out Of My Mouth and  Paradise By The Dashboard Light are strangely affecting if you are  listening in a certain mood, and contain relationship truisms at least as  insightful as all those NY Times bestsellers. There's never been another  recording quite like this. If you don't &quot;get&quot; it, or don't  &quot;like&quot; it, move on - nothings going to change your mind. For a  segment of the population, however, this is one of those ones that gets  thrown on at 1:00am when you are sitting around on a summer night with old  friends. It's fun to sing along (and sometimes dance) to.
B000005DQR|5.0|Amazing melodic sense.  Hip Hop beats matched with electronic melodies.  A very influencing artist.
B000002KIE|5.0|Sex Pistols are a great band that all punk fans should listen to. They have a great sound, and the best bass player in the world... Sid Vicious. Sex Pistols rule!!!
B00000J2KT|4.0|Kubrick's strongest movie ever made. The DVD is a great extension of the VHS version offering clear video. The sound is also cleaner but why no stereo or surround effects? Seems like absolutely nothing is coming out of  the rear channels. If you can't wait, buy it. If you can, hope that a  criterion version comes out later.
B00000J2KR|1.0|The actual film version is breathtaking. Warner has done a terrible job with the transfer to DVD. The image (viewed on a a Sony DVD player) is very jittery and lacks proper contrast and color balance. One of the worst DVD  presentations I've seen. Apparently they digitized it at a low bit rate to  cram the long film into one disk. I can't explain why. Try &quot;A  Clockwork Orange&quot; or &quot;Lolita&quot; for better (though not great)  transfers.
044022425X|5.0|As with every other book Ms. Gabaldon has written, I could not put this down!!  The characters are so vivd and alive, and the accuracy of the historical setting is superb.  I find myself going through withdrawal until  Ms. Gabaldon publishes a new book, and then can't get the new book soon  enough!  If you enjoy reading works written beautifully, with the ability  to provide the very best visualization, Ms. Gabaldon's books are for you.
6301334523|5.0|This movie is the ultimate &quot;battle of the sexes.&quot;  Just when you think one sex won the battles you are sadly mistaken, but impressed.  The characters turn betrayal, revenge and love into an art.  I have seen this  movie so many times but I keep going back for more.  You will watch what  these people do to each other just for kicks and be completely disgusted,  but you'll like it...
0380778556|3.0|I don't understand why so many people gave this book five stars. One of the most important things to me in a book is a catchy beginning. This is something this book dfinitely did NOT have. Absolutely nothing happens for  the first 230 pages. Then the plot gets interesting and we learn Maxim's  deep, dark secret. What I don't understand is why the second Mrs. DeWinter  stays with Maxim after finding out what he did. The plot is totally  unreallistic, because Maxim asked her to marry him after knowing her for  about two weeks. Also, no woman in her right mind would stay with a man who  committed murder. And why don't we ever find out the second Mrs.  DeWinters's first name? Overall, I really don't recomend this book. I had  wanted to read Rebecca for a long time because everyone said it was so  good. I must say I was extremely disappointed with the novel. This is a  good book to cure insomnia. I hope I have better luck with the movie.
B00000IZOR|4.0|While this is the sleek 90's version of the chatter phone (the smooth edges more friendly to children's little fingers, I'm sure) it still brings back memories of the hours I spent tugging this phone around my bedroom,  picking up the receiver and &quot;dialing&quot; every so often.<br />This toy  is durable -- the one we had lasted through three siblings and a ton of  pals; cute -- the eyes goggle when you pull the cord; and a great way to  learn -- I first learned my home phone number on this toy, and still  remember that number! <br />As a somewhat shy child, this toy gave me a great  way to learn to chat. It was imaginary, sure, but it got me talking!
B000002C25|5.0|Even though stuff on both Morning Glory and Definitely Maybe had edge on it, nothing carried the edge that Be Here Now had.  It was a great CD.  &quot;D'ya Know What I Mean?&quot; was a fantastic entrance and it  definitely set the mood for the rest of the album.  &quot;My Big  Mouth&quot; was a rush of excitement and beautiful melodies and &quot;Stand  By Me&quot; was much the same but mroe mellow.  &quot;Don't Go Away&quot;  was SO beautiful.  The album ended well with the last two songs and the  great reprise of &quot;All Around the World&quot;.  Definitely worth your  money.
0792153294|5.0|I have seen this movie probably over 10 times, and Armaggeddon twice.  How people can say that this movie is boring because of various subplots proves that there is one hellava dumbing down in America going on if people can't  keep stories of regular people and families in crisis straight.  This movie  was more like Armaggeddon than Armaggeddon was.  Politically it was as real  as if it actually happened.  You see it build at the beginning because you  don't know what's being hushed-up and it just goes from there, but  unfortunately there are quite a few people in this country who do not quite  get it.  And these are the same people who either don't vote, or vote for  the best looking politician. <br />I highly recommend this movie and urge  people to listen to it throughout.  Don't be ignorant.
6303109950|5.0|Without question, this is the definitive western of the last 45 years of movie making.  For western fan and non-fan alike, this is the best of the genre.  While there is plenty of \\"shoot `em up\\" action to satisfy the  western lover and a typical Hollywood morality play quality to the film,  there is much more.  Val Kilmer positively steals the show with his  exquisite performance as Doc Holliday.  His wit and warmth toward Wyatt,  his self-confessed only friend, add a charm to the film that transcends the  story and will make you want to watch it over and over. Even when he is in  the background of his scenes, he is always watching over Wyatt, hovering  like some Colt-toting guardian angel, determined to protect him without  regard for his own life.  His electrifying delivery of his line &quot;why,  Johnny Ringo!  You look like someone just walked over your grave&quot; near  the end of the film will raise both hair and goose bumps on your arms and  send a chill down your spine.  And you will find yourself quoting Doc's  dialogue, which is delivered with Picasso-like artistry by Kilmer and is as  infectious as the tuberculosis that eventually kills him.<br />Kurt Russell  does a good job as Wyatt, but seems slightly miscast in the part, if only  because he doesn't quite have the right &quot;look&quot;.  Sam Elliot  delivers his usual excellent effort as Virgil Earp and Bill Paxton's Morgan  Earp deftly handles the not-so-subtle awe in which he holds his older  brother, Wyatt.  Billy Bob Thornton, Powers Booth, Billy Zane, Dana Delaney  and Michael Biehn each do a fine job in their respective parts.  And, see  if you can spot Jason Priestley in one of his early film roles.  Charlton  Heston's bit part is done with the satisfying professionalism one expects  from this screen legend, leaving only the desire that it had been  larger.<br />The photography is transparent, making it easy to watch without  realizing just how good of a job the cinematographer did.  Sure, thestory  isn't completely accurate from a historical perspective, but you will find  that minor flaw doesn't matter.  This one is a &quot;must have&quot; for  anyone who wants the best movies, regardless of genre.  It is not just the  best western ever; it is one of the top 10 of all time in ANY genre.  Don't  wait, get it now. &quot;You're a daisy if you do.&quot;<br />Greg
B0000060NA|5.0|This albumn came out when I was in 7th grade.  On a whim, I purchased it and am hooked!  Stevie's soulful tunes are timeless, thought provoking and lovely.  I am astounded by his artistry -- his range is incredible.  I was  also suprised to realize how many songs off this albumn have been  &quot;remade&quot; by contemporary artists and have lost the soulfullness  of Stevie's voice and words. After listening to Future Paradise, it's  remake &quot;Gansta Paradise&quot; is upsetting to me.  Anyway, this CD set  is among my favorites in my CD collection and I am glad to have  rediscovered Stevie Wonder, who should be hailed as a master in the history  of rock/blues/jazz (what a range!).  This is a MUST BUY to any music lover.
0790733226|5.0|A great movie espically on DVD.  The balance between past and present make you feel for the character and gives you a greater understanding of how a person can develop themselves over the years.  Another thing worth noting  is that it is not some wacked out SCI FI movie.  No guns no weird stuff.   Just people being thier characters.  A sense or realism that is not atained  by many SCI FI  movies.  Real conflicts and real issues emcompass this  flick and it doesn't alieanate anybyody who isn't into SCI FI.  The  additional tracks at the end gives you a wow of what we are capable of  producing in this day and tells you wow we can do such things to create  such memorable movies such as this one. All in all one of the best or maybe  the best flick I have ever watched.
030716327X|5.0|Pat the bunny along with Pat the cat and Pat the puppy are all very unique books that teach your child textures along with how to interact with others.  The books make you feel like you're actually playing the child in  them.
0871137380|5.0|Must have for any military buff. Bowden tells a riveting story, but also allows you to make you own judgements about what happended.
B0000025RI|5.0|This album showcases Michael's talents so eloquently.  His voice, along with the tantalizing beat, hook the listener immediately.  These are the theme songs and music videos of the 80s.  In fact, his video of &quot;Thriller&quot; set a whole new standard in music television.  It's  too bad that his albums have gone downhill since this one.
6304509154|5.0|This was a good movie.Great special affects.I liked the whole movie.Awsom
B00000DHRX|5.0|George Michael is such a talented singer/songwriter.  Michael's voice is so smooth and virtually seamless that one feels entranced by his music.  It's such a pleasure to have all of these wonderful songs packaged together in a double CD!
B000005PRX|5.0|This movie is some kind of ride. Tim Burton brilliantly directs this movie. Keaton is the best  Batman. Brilliant performances by Danny De Vito, Michelle Pfeifer, and Christopher Walken. This movie is just good as the  original and in some ways better. Mesmerizing production design, much  better than on the Schumacher films. Danny Elfman's greatest score. Critics  have complained that &quot;Batman Returns&quot; has no real plot, and I  agree. But who cares?! This is a great movie. One of the best ever made.  EVER!!! I love the scenes between Keaton and Pfeifer, especially the one  where they're dancing, and the Penguin crashes the  party. Oh, and by the  way... whoever said that this was the worst Batman film and that  &quot;Batman Forever&quot; is better because it captures the spirit of  adventure of the cartoon is dead wrong. Sorry kid, but the REAL Batman is  the dark, brooding version of the comics. Here, Burton comes SO much closer  to this than Joel Schumacher could.
0375707972|5.0|read this book, it is haunting, it is beautiful and it is very very harsh....the author and the translator have tackled one of history's most delicate themes very very deftly.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Rap sucks!  These guys suck!  Sounds like they thought up all these songs in the car on the way to the studio!  I ran out and sold this the day after I bought it because I felt cheap and used carrying it around in my walkman  bag!  After this goes Number 1 next week and these guys start showing up at  places like the Scott Weiland Celebrity Golf Classic, don't say I didn't  warn ya!
6304345313|4.0|This is our 18 month old's favorite video (sure beats Barney!). In spite of seeing it up to 3 times a day, he continues to enjoy watching it as does our 4 year old and we can stand it too. The music is terrific. The subtle,  clever, contemporary commentary on corporate sponsorships, &quot;mickey  mouse organizations&quot; and Bugs' and Daffy's lack of licensing revenues,  along with the one of a kind humor provided by Bill Murray, make this a  movie adults can enjoy too. Captivating for all ages.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I like listening to Sarah McLachlin on the radio, but until I listened to her online concert performing the songs from &quot;Mirrorball,&quot; I never knew how widespread her talent reached.  I listened to the concert  twice in one night and ordered the CD from amazon.com immediately  afterwards.  Sarah has a unique style all her own.  Each of her songs is  filled with emotion; no two songs sound the same.  After hearing the CD, my  new favorite song is &quot;Fear.&quot;  It shows Sarah's high vocal range I  never knew she had.
B00000JCB2|5.0|this is better than the first c
B0000062FN|5.0|SANTANA 3, is one of the classic albums of all time and should be in every serious music fans collection. Way back when, Santana was already fusing different types of music together and getting some great results. This is the third and final album that featured the classic lineup that played Woodstock, and they went out with a bang. The album starts off with the killer instrumental BATUKA, then it is followed by to killer songs NO ONE TO DEPEND ON, and TABOO. TOUSSANIT L' OVERTURE is another rockin instrumental that has that trademark Santana sound coming forth from his guitar. Its with songs like this that really so off the true talent of the band as a whole. EVERYBODY'S EVEYTHING and GUAJIRA are my two favorite songs from this album and when you hear this songs live, you cant help but dance and feel good. These songs just jam!!! Song for song, this album is all killer no filler from top to bottom. With the added attraction of being remastered and with bonus live tracks, this is to good a thing to pass up
0871137380|5.0|Bowden combines a strong narrative style with the remarkable and dreadful facts. This creates an account of the incident which overall is as gripping as any fiction. While reading the account, the reader cannot but imagine  the individuals involved on the ground as fully-grown, grizzy, modern day  warriors. But after finishing the book, the reader will gaze at the  pictures, matching some of the faces to those in the account who died or  were badly injured. It hits the reader then: they were just boys.
B000003NA4|2.0|In her earlier tribute to Nat King Cole, Diana Krall seemed focused on the music-that is, great jazz tunes made greater by Mr. Cole.  Instead of trying to reinvent the wheel she simply sang each melody with wonderful timing, a luscious voice, and topped each off with uncomplicated but  amazingly interesting piano.<br />With this CD I was immediately struck by the  fact that this recording was not about the music at all, but instead was  all about Diana Krall.  She seemed to be hamming it instead of singing.   What happened to the melodies?  Where was the piano?  Where is the respect  for the songwriter?<br />Boozy drawling is OK, but Diana Krall can do much,  much better than this.
B000009ED0|1.0|Yes, you guessed it. Another Rap/Metal group, except this guy really SUCKS!!! I borrowed the cd from my cousin, Smelly Mary, and I couldn't get passed the 3rd track it was that bad. If you want to listen to GOOD  Rap/Metal listen to Korn's first 2 cds (&quot;Korn&quot; &amp; &quot;Life  is Peachy&quot;) and Limp Bizkit's first cd (&quot;3 Dollar Bill  Y'all&quot;), NOT their new one &quot;Significant Other&quot;,  that  sucks!!
0026009102|4.0|It's a long work, over 600 pages. You won't be able to put it down once you start, so be forewarned. This isn't great literature and Rand can be a little heavy-handed at times, but it's an excellent parable on the value of  the individual - and those who are terrified of the individual. Witness any  national Democratic candidate over the past 50 years, and you'll see that  Ellsworth Toohey is alive and well.
B000002KXV|5.0|Just by listening to this CD, you would never know that only half of the dynamic duo that is Steely Dan produced this; it's definitely the better half! I would recommend this CD with &quot;Aja&quot; and &quot;Gaucho&quot;. My favorite tracks are &quot;I.G.Y.&quot;, &quot;The  Nightfly&quot;, and &quot;Walk Between Raindrops&quot;. I haven't heard  &quot;Kamakiriad&quot; yet, but if this is representative of that album, I  look forward to listening. Buy this album!
038533348X|5.0|Cat's Cradle is definently one of the best books I've read.  It's humor is excellent.  Kurt Vonegut is a brilliant writer.  This book takes you on an unbelievable adventure through nothing you've ever encountered before.   This book is fast paced and will keep you reading.
0784011796|5.0|you wont find albert einstein or von neumann in this movie, so if you are a hardcore science person, you will have to lower your expectations a bit.  anyone who has done research in math should understand some of the madness  in this movie.  if you have ever thought about the struggle between pure  science, money and religion, you might like this movie.  the ending is a  little hard to comprehend though.  alot of people dont like this movie, it  aint for everyone.  personally, i'd prefer this movie over the matrix.   this movie actually gives you something to think about, unlike the  action/special effects in the matrix.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Another example of how MTV can corrupt a good group! They can join the list of MTV/Radio SELLOUTS such as Korn &amp; Metallica! I've been a huge Limp Bizkit fan before their first CD (3 dollar bill y'all) even came out!  Now their new cd is just straight for you MTV kids! It's slow, boring, too  radioish and repeats itself over and over. There's no new CREATIVITY in  it!!! Two songs have the IDENTICAL music from their previous song  &quot;Cambodia&quot;. Another song has straight props, which they did on  their first album. Another song has riffs from &quot;Counterfeit&quot;. A  lot of the lyrics and music was taken from somebody else (too many to point  out). It doesn't have the strength or rawness of the first album, which to  me is a 5 star cd! There is not 1 song that is as hard as the first album!  The only decent songs/tracks are &quot;n 2 gether now&quot; (w/ Method  Man), &quot;Trust?&quot; (which I call Cambodia part II, because they have  no new music) and the secret track with Les Claypool doing crazy stuff.  Bottom line is they no longer have the creativity to make F*****G good  music anymore! They keep byting other peoples' music/lyrics, even their  own! If you can't see this, then you need to listen to more music, because  it's in plain site even a blind man can see it! Just keep listening to  their first cd and Korn's first 2 and dream that they'll make another good  one (but they've already been ruined by MTV)! I'm open to any INTELLECTUAL  conversations,  that means no MTV kids 21 and under!!!
0767903811|5.0|I loved &quot;A Walk in the Woods&quot;.  It was such a fun read and I also learned some interesting things along the way. I'd love to hike anywhere with Bill!
0553208845|4.0|Siddhartha, make you feel stupid in a good way.  You feel that you really aren't that good of a person.  Siddhartha was a meaningful book.
0792153189|2.0|I couldn't figure out what the point of the movie was, it's a bad drama, it wouldn't make a good Sci-Fi movie because of poor Spercial effects, the story is even more ridiculous than in Armaggedon. Don't waste your money,  Armageddon is much better.
B000002UAR|5.0|I can think of only seven or eight albums in the history of rock which write their own reviews. 'Revolver' is one of them. An unequivocal, undoubted, and possibly unsurpassed, five stars.
6305426694|3.0|I did not like this movie, there was all this talk about how it was supposed to scare you and stuff.  If you want to get an awesome law movie, get the rainmaker.  i would pass this one.  the only person that I feel  should get recognised for a brilliant performance is Cathleen Quinlan.  You  can tell by the way she acts that she really lost something.  Anyway, this  whole&quot;Somethings Wrong With the water&quot; case could have worked,  but it didn't.  And in this movie, why would John travolta's character give  up all of his money to this case, the ending is not very happy, not that  all movies need to have happy endings(take brad pitt's character's ending  in Se7en for example).  But you may like it sitting through a long movie  that moves very slowly, but I did not like it.  I request that If you want  to go see a good Travolta performance, grab your coat and go to a theater  closest to you,(or farthest if you perfer) and go see &quot;The Generals  Daughter&quot;.  I think you should stick to Travolta's action flicks and  mystery flicks.  :(
B00000IQMT|4.0|Every complaint regarding the packaging and presentation of this soundtrack is true. It seems Sony went out of their way to confuse not only the average listener but the true fans like myself regarding sequencing.  Look to see how many &quot;and&quot;s you find in the song titles. They  obviously plan on many customers buying it again when it is inevitably  released as a 2-cd version. That said the music is wonderful! Some have  noted the lack of additional themes but I think that may have been planned  since one of the themes of the movie is that of duality and symbience. In  that light the great Duel of the Fates/Anakin's Theme melodies work  perfectly, although they are inexcusably presented twice in their exact  entirety and sequence (on their own and again in the End Credits).
B00000I01A|5.0|I have been working out with this music for 6yrs this music so inspired me that I was able to bring my weight down from 205 to 130 and keep it I would like to thank the artists and producers of this tape for changing my life I  am an avid hiker now and lead a very active life something I was not able  to do before At 52 I feel I am just beginning  again thank you      sincerely
B0000024RQ|5.0|Let me just say this about &quot;Freewheelin'&quot;. This album is chalk-full of brilliant songs and amazing poetry. &quot;Hard Rain&quot; is simply a composition of pure musical genius. &quot;Don't Think Twice, It's  All Right&quot; is probably his best love song. Although overrated,  &quot;Blowin' in the Wind&quot; typifies the beginning of the hippie  movement in America that blossomed in the late sixties. &quot;Masters of  War&quot; still remains incredibly relevant since there's always a war  being waged somewhere on God's green earth. I could go on and on about this  album but let me say this...&quot;The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan&quot; belongs  in the collection of any serious lover of music.
630518299X|5.0|This movie changed my life!  It was the 2nd best movie I have ever seen in my life (and I've seen A LOT of movies).  I would recommend this movie to anyone.  Although the main reason this movie wasn't that huge is the factor  that it is actually deep, and people go into a Jim Carrey movie usually  expected not to have to think anything.  Great performenences by Jim  Carrey, Laura Linney, Ed Harris, Noah Emmerich &amp; Natascha McElhone.  So  go out and see this movie right away.
0553275569|4.0|...as is most good non-fiction. Wolfe obviously wasn't there, so get off his case for facts you don't think are right. The fact that Gus Grissom may or may not have been responsible for the Liberty Bell 7 sinking isn't the point; the fact is, those at NASA at the time, started treating him like it was his fault, and that's what mattered. I thought this was evident in Wolfe's writing and I knew nothing of the facts. I recommend this book especially to those who are interested in studying how to write \\"for an era\\" -- Wolfe does quite well here.
6303182577|5.0|it's not as good as the real thing but it's pretty clos
B0000024R8|4.0|This album is definitely in a class by itself. Although Dylan only wrote two of the many folk songs on this album, it gives the listener an appreciation for Dylan's nitty-gritty folk roots. A must for any Dylan fan.
B000000OAL|5.0|Having been a Queen fan since 1974, this album (oops..now CD), has been my favorite. Lyrics are creative and distinctive...unlike anything else of that time. Still a little rough around the edges, this body of music was just a peak of what was to come. For a debut album, Outstanding and  exciting.
1567184855|5.0|Read this book for peace of mind and some answers to your questions
0553269631|1.0|college grads find this book boring just as well. It was just so slow moving, so uninteresting, so dull and depressing.  Gosh, there are so many books out there that I would consider classics.  Why this book???  I can't  believe readers are giving it 5 stars.  I would give it NO stars if I  could.
B000002HPV|4.0|Homogenic contains some of the most bombastic and the most melodic songs by Bjork I've ever heard. Personally I think the best songs on this CD are &quot;Joga&quot;, &quot;Unravel&quot;, &quot;All Neon Like&quot;, &quot;5  Years&quot; (I just love the infectious bassline, the lyrics and that  stomping sound that creeps up from a distance and continues to stomp to the  end), &quot;Immature&quot; and &quot;Alarm call&quot;. I think that  Bachellarette is a weak ballad that is long and overdrawn. At first a liked  &quot;Pluto&quot; but now that rattle-rattle-bragadang machine sound  effects and Bjork's disgustingly uneven howls and scream near the end of  the song is annoying and I can't stand it. Purchase at your own risk but  don't expect another Bjork: Post (which I prefer). Most of the songs are  lyrically enchanting and melodic. Who knows, you may even appreciate  &quot;Pluto&quot; more than I do. Just don't explode like Bjork does.  Bzzzzzzzzz...Rattle-Rattle... Bragadakk...Bzzzzzzzzzzzzz!!!
0792156684|3.0|The film will get a 5 star plus for visual effects. However, the plot is silly and pretty far-fetched.  I was expecting to shed some tears during the viewing, yet I slept right until the ship sank (then the movie began to  get interesting). This movie is No Casablanca, Gone with the wind, or  Citizen Kane, or Once upon a time in America.  Not even close.
B00000J2KX|5.0|A wonderful movie, but heads up cinemaphiles: this is the pan and scan version; it doesn't appear as if a widescreen version has been released (ever) for non-theatrical showing.
0441172717|5.0|So rare are the GREAT books ... But this is one of them. This is SF on all levels, from 'space-folding' to mental warriorship, with wonders unravelling on each page.  I first read the entire series in about a week,  taking short breaks for food and sleep, scribbling furiously in my  &quot;famous quotes&quot; notebook. Since then I re-read it in three  languages, saw the movie 5 times, and turned a lot of the poetic teachings  of Dune into living principles. Again and again I turn to this subject for  hours of delighting discussions with the -alas!- much too hard-to-find  'Dune-literates' :))
B00000ILDE|5.0|This is definitely one of the classic action films ever made.  Look at the other reviews, any movie with 100 reviews posted and everyone of them has 5 stars, you have to think this is a movie to see.  Unlike the next movies in  the series (which I pretend don't exist) I highly recommend buying this  flick.
B00000DFMM|5.0|When I first heard this album, it was a revelation. Intricate rhythms combine with haunting, compelling lyrics to create a masterpiece. This is one of the few albums to which I point when I'm asked to describe the  fabric of the music scene during the 80's. I still  listen to this album  regularly today (thank goodness for CD :) Check out the amazing chordal  structures present in &quot;Sorry For Laughing&quot; - incredible.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I was ready to be quite disappointed with Krall's new album, having heard about the orchestral arrangements (jazz and strings don't usually make a great combination), but was very pleasantly surprised at how wonderful the  disc is. Her producer should be commended for having just the right touch  with the string arrangements, especially on &quot;I've Got You Under my  Skin.&quot; I would, always, like to hear more piano from Krall, but love  her voice as much. As for the gripes about the fashion photographs all over  the package: I thought they were beautiful and anyway, welcome to the  late-90s world of music marketing. As someone who would love for jazz to  find a bigger audience and enjoy more public support, I'm willing to accept  that level of slickness.
6305372411|5.0|As a person who lived through this time, this was an emotional tour-de-force and a marvelous re-telling of history, well-acted and very gripping. The soundtrack truly enhanced the pictures and put you in the  right frame of mind for the era depicted. I heartily recommend this  mini-series!
B00000AFWW|5.0|Courtney Love is the firecracker of the band Hole. Voluptuously sexy, outspoken and unhibited, she has become an icon not unlike her more famous counterpart Madonna. Hole's new album is beautifully produced, in every  sense of the word. Every song is carefully crafted to exude a glamorous and  sexy image for the band, and to quote a song title, they have many  &quot;Reasons to be beautiful&quot;. Many of the tracks will make instant  radio hits, including &quot;Malibu&quot;, &quot;Awful&quot;, &quot;hit so  hard&quot; and &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot;, on which Love raves about life  as a starlet in Hollywood. &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; is a record best  heard in conjunction with Marilyn Manson's &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot;.  The latter is as hauntingly dark and brooding as the former is full of  &quot;beautiful dresses and makeup&quot;. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
0375707972|3.0|Like many others I read the brief plot on the back of this book and could not wait to find out Hanna's great secret, but once inside the novel I was dissapointed with how much he developed this horrible secret.  Then a day  after reading it, I realized the horrible secret isn't the one he tells you  but its the one the author doesn't tell you.  You really can't see it  unless you step into  the character's and realize that Hanna's true secret  was who her character really was and how she felt. I was very disappointed  at the abrupt ending of the character Hanna.  I think the author could have  developed it more.
