B0000024SI|4.0|So why does it only get 4 stars?  Well, I'm one of those people who just can't stand Dylan's voice.  I think he's one of the most important rock artists of all time, but after a few songs, I feel like my eardrums are  going to start bleeding.  There are exceptions; on his most outstanding  tracks, his awful voice actually seems to complement the songs rather than  detract from them.  Like A Rolling Stone is definitely such a case, and one  of the best songs of the century.  Desolation Row, as well, while it is  arguably a bit overlong, is a gorgeous song that transcends Dylan's warbled  mumbling. <br />If you don't own this album, there's a gaping hole in your  record collection.  Still, if you can't listen all the way through, that's  not such a terrible sin...
038533348X|5.0|I just finished Vonnegut's Cat's Cradle.  This is my first Vonnegut book and I'm most definitely a fan now.  He has the incredible ability to interweave serious issues into a humorous satire.  There were times I  laughed out loud, and then I wondered why I did. He forces one to search  deeper and to question our beliefs and the consequences of science,  religion, capitalism~everything.  The books of Bokonon were some of my  absolute favorites, even though it was a ridiculous religion; it certainly  contained many roots of truth.  It is a very very fast read, I didn't want  to put it down. However, you wanted to savor every word and think about  every chapter. DO READ IT!
B0000027RL|4.0|OK, so Eddie Vedder wore flannel too.  Who cares?  This doesn't sound much like Nirvana, but that's not a reason to castigate it.  It's actually a great straight-up rock n' roll album with a few stellar moments.  The first  half far outshines the second half.  Black is one of the most beautiful  rock ballads of all time, and I've heard the Kinks' Waterloo Sunset and  just about every note the Beatles ever wrote.  Alive is genuinely anthemic  and one of those songs that will always recall a time and place.  I can't  listen to it without feeling like I'm 15 again.  <br />The formula falters a  bit on the last few songs.  Oceans sounds like a bad imitation of Zeppelin  and Garden and Deep are decent but fail to live up to the quality of the  singles.  Most Pearl Jam albums are like this - a few stellar cuts and a  lot of pretty good, 70's-style rock.  They're not &quot;alternative&quot;  except perhaps in attitude and ideology, so forget the mythology and just  appreciate the songs.
0385484518|5.0|I had a very dear friend who had AlS. She bought at least 36 of these books for family, friends and caregivers. What a wonderful gift it was that she gave us. My friend Pat Bodnar, like Morrie chose to live life to the  fullest,  A lesson to be learned from reading this book is that you have a  choice, you can give up, or like Morrie and Pat, you can live while you're  dying. I recommend this book to everyone. Once you start reading it, you  won't put it down till you've read the last page!!
B000005IRG|2.0|I agree with all the reviewers who point out that Verlaine's voice is so abysmal that it's tough to enjoy this record.  From an instrumental standpoint it's genuinely superb, but a lot of the songs collapse either  because of Verlaine's voice or because they are simply far longer than they  ought to be.  You don't have to be a Hootie and the Blowfish fan (I'm  certainly not!!) to disagree with the critics on this one.  A lot of great  music came out of the CBGBs scene, but I'll take the Talking Heads or even  Blondie any day over this pretentious nonsense.
B000002INJ|4.0|The first five tracks on this cd are some of the best work Manowar has ever done, the other tracks are good which the only exception of a &quot;Warrior's prayer&quot;, which is nothing but a long 6 min vocal  narration (I bought the cd for music not talk)
B000001FS3|3.0|This record certainly supplied some classic rock songs.  No one should go through life without hearing I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For or With or Without You.  While the album supplies a few other good tracks  (though nothing quite compares to the majesty of these two songs), it's  also swamped in an awful lot of mediocrity.  A lot of the songs are longer  than they deserve to be and do very little to distinguish themselves from  any other song on the album.  It's not actually bad, but it's not really  the brilliant album it's often made out to be.  It certainly doesn't  compare to War or Achtung Baby, the band's two genuine masterpieces.
0802713319|4.0|Anybody who has any interest in math should read this extraordinary book. You will learn so much history about interconecting events, and knowledge developed during these past centuries. I was suprised to learn about all  these heroes who invested precious time in the never ending quest to solve  problems. Who said math is boring?
0792837916|5.0|Director Barry Sonnenfeld's Get Shorty, based on the book of the same name by Elmore Leonard, is a witty comedy that does all from poking fun at the modern Hollywood movie system to paying tribute to the classic gangster  movie and its roots in film noir.  Get Shorty follows the life of Chili  Palmer, a gangster who lives in Miami Beach, Florida, who is sent on  assignment to collect money from a dry cleaner's wife after he has died in  a plane crash with money that belongs to Chili's bosses.  After learning  the dry cleaner is not actually dead, Chili follows his trail to Las Vegas  where he learns that the dry cleaner is now in Los Angeles, and also agrees  to help collect money from a movie producer that owes the casino money.   These events move along at such a quick pace that they barely fill the  first half hour of the movie.  The remainder of the film is spent with  Chili's interactions with Harry Zimm, the movie producer, and his attempts  to work with Zimm on a movie and learn more about the movie business in  general.  Amusingly enough, the movie Chili proposes to Zimm is the same  story he is trying to figure out, namely where the dry cleaner went with  the money.  This self-conscious attitude of the movie, in the same manner  of Robert Altman's The Player, shows us an amusing satire of Hollywood.   Through the course of the movie, parallels are drawn that depict the  Hollywood work ethic as being similar to the type of mob work Chili is  involved with.  These amusing comparisons play themselves throughout the  film, with classically stereotyped roles by an outstanding cast that range  from the slimy director/producer to the Colombian druglord.  In fact, it is  the characters and the dialogue between these characters that make the  movie outstanding.  There is Chili Palmer (John Travolta), arguably one of  the last true gangsters in the old tradition, whose speech and actions are  undeniably cool and cutting.  As a contrast to Chili, there is his boss,  Ray Bones (Dennis Farina), who is a curt, abrasive character that is always  looking for a way to one-up whoever he is dealing with.  He is the type of  person that wields more power than he actually possesses, creating several  memorable scenes between his laughable character and Chili's perpetual  coolness.  Then there is the slimy director, Harry Zimm (Gene Hackman), a  second rate director of B horror movies, whose interactions with Chili show  us a less professional view of Hollywood.  There is also the pompous,  egocentric actor Martin Weir (Danny Devito), who makes us laugh at the  lifestyle of the Hollywood star.  All of the characters in Get Shorty show  us an amusing side of Hollywood that is simultaneously paying homage to and  poking fun at movies.  Much of the film is shot in the style of film noir,  stressing the gangster attitude that is conveyed throughout.  But this  convention is even stretched and toyed with in the movie.  Chili's  character is shot mostly in this style and his clothing is predominantly  black, but this is parodied with Ray Bones, who wears light pink although  he is himself a gangster.  The sunny pastels of Florida and California  contrast with this style as well, making us realize this isn't the typical  gangster film.  That being said, Get Shorty is a clever take on the classic  gangster film with an outstanding cast and memorable witty dialogue.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This band has talent oozing out of it from every corner. When a song sounds like it is going to go one way, it goes the other. It is sonically interesting from beginning to end. Many bands have taken cues from hip hop  and made efforts to insert drastically different styles into the music, but  unlike most others, Limp Bizkit makes it work. In fact it works so well,  you may find yourself enjoying types of music that you previously would not  have considered. <br />I have listened to this album countless times and still  sit in awe at the complexity and tightness of this album. <br />A masterpiece,  no doubt.
6304428928|3.0|The story of the two brothers, that's nice and touching.  And Dustin Hoffman, what can you say?  He is a brilliant actor.  His performance deserved the Oscar.  But I lost interest in this movie right around where  they stop at the house to watch the game show or whatever TV program it  was.  It couldn't keep my interest or attention to the end.
B000001E29|5.0|This is the one that introduced me to the great master.  A lot of people found this album hard to get into, but the second I put it on it was like a new world was opened up for me. I love so much of what this man has done  musically, but this album effected me more than any album I've ever heard.   My fiance and I are playing &quot;I'll Shoot the Moon&quot; as our song at  our wedding.  Tom is peerless in the world of music, and this album is the  best example of his limitless diversity and genius.
0446310786|5.0|Lee describes in her book the situation in the  South. She critizises racism , but is also able  to tell us stories about mood and and teh relationship to the father. It's a must to read!
6302467861|2.0|There was no tipoff in the Amazon description telling me that this video was only moderately animated.  I remember a fully animated version from when I was a kid and this was not it.  My little boy, who loves being read  the story, didn't care very much for this.<br />Hoffman's character accents  kept changing throughout his narration.  The audio quality was muffled and  sometimes hard to understand.<br />Personally, I don't understand why this  format of animation is even used.  Except that you can put your kid down  and walk away, there is no heightening of the experience over simply  reading the book.<br />I gave it a second star because it is a terrific book  and the video presentation of the book can't be all bad based purely on the  subject matter. <br />If the fully animated version is available, that would  be my preference.
B000002MP2|5.0|Let me start by saying that I reserve 5 stars for only (in my opinion) the best of the best. Dookie is my favorite album of all time and i still cannot find a bad song on the entire album. Sure some songs are better than  others but even the worst Green Day songs are better than many of the bands  out today. i've had the cd for over a year and i still enjoy listening to  it on a regular basis. i came late to the greatness of green day but i'm  making up for it by buying all of their albums and covering my walls with  their pictures. i only wish i had discovered them sooner. BUY THIS  ALBUM!!!!!
B00001QGPR|3.0|I'm disappointed. This album promised so much, yet delivers so little. The stand-out track, Thursday's Child, doesn't have any of the excitement of those mammoth Bowie tunes - in other words, it doesn't come close to Ashes  To Ashes, Life on Mars? or even Let's Dance.<br />What a shame. As another  reviewer has said, Bowie has finally got old, and it shows.
6303020089|5.0|This movie is the best of its kind. It is a action/drama with thrilling action packed suspence that will have you hanging on every word that is said. It is Harrison Ford best movie since Presumed Innocent. This movie is  a pulse-pounding thriller that will have you on the edge of your seats. You  feel the frustration of Dr. Kimble as he trys to find out who kiled his  wife while runing from the police.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|Whether or not this is THE best is debatable, but it's a close call.<br />This was the first ever Bowie album I bought, back in September 1980. As a 13-year-old, I had never even heard of Bowie until Ashes To  Ashes (still my favourite Bowie song!) and so I was totally unaware that  the single came in four different sleeves, with stamps inside. I bought my  copy from Woolworth's but only found out that the stamps even existed more  than a year later - thanks Woolies.<br />So Ashes To Ashes was a revelation  and even the b-side, Move On (from Lodger) was palatable, so I went and  bought Scary Monsters. It is undoubtedly a big and scary album for a young  teenager and it was years before I really liked tracks like Scary Monsters  (which is even more wonderful live) and Kingdom Come, let alone understood  the meaning of Because You're Young.  On this note, I later bought  Stationtostation and thought Bowie was singing &quot;It's not the side  effects of the cooking...&quot;<br />This is a monster sound, with some ace  guitar licks. Certainly an essential part of any Bowie  collection.<br />Finally, I'm not sure if the latest reissue has any extra  tracks, if so, then why didn't they include Under Pressure?
6300214370|5.0|This movie does not leave anything to be desired. This movie will want to make you get up off the couch and DANCE. It is imposible to stand still while listening to this movie. It is exciting, brilliant and make you wish  you were back in those good old days. Keven Bacon did it again with this  awsome drama.
B000001FQI|4.0|This is a milestone of an album. Ignore critical reviews that say that the sound isn't quite right, or that it sounds overblown. It doesn't. Especially when played loud.<br />OK, this was the start of the end for the  two mainstays of TFF, Curt Smith and Roland Orzabal. Who would have  guessed, by looking at them, that it was Orzabal who made the major  contribution to the band?  Smith had the looks, Orzabal had the tunes and  when the band finally did split, with Smith stating that he would pursue a  solo career, he disappeared without trace.<br />This album introduces Oleta  Adams, whose first solo album, Circle Of One, was produced by TFF.  Allegedly picked up in a bar, Adams adds an extra dimension to the TFF  sound, which had already evolved a long way from the synth-pop of the early  1980s.<br />If you don't have this, you need it!
0780020685|5.0|About the widescreen issue: there is no widescreen format; like most movies from the early 50's this one was shot in 'academy' format (1.37:1) so the provided version IS the correct theatrical release.
157492589X|1.0|&quot;Lonesome Dove&quot; is surely one of the GREATEST of GREAT mini-series (and books)...BUT...I wish I had listened to the viewer from Missouri City, TX. before buying this tape! In this version from Hallmark  Entertainment, not only has the original 6 hours been edited down to only 4  hours, the quality is no better than taping it off of television. Anyone  interested in experiencing (and owning) this perfectly magnificent  mini-series, do yourself a favor and do not purchase this particular  tape...find a full-length version of good quality. &quot;Lonesome  Dove&quot; deserves no less!
6302215730|5.0|My grandfather adored this movie when it was released. So did my father a few years later. So do I now. This movie has a grace and an irny that is hard to find nowadays. The development of the daydreamer character Walter  Mitty is hilarious! A great achievement by a great actor.
B00000IL1K|2.0|Sarah has a lovely crystalline quality to her voice that's very pretty. But this album is sentimentality at its very worst.  Singing a bad song in Italian does not make it good.
B000002699|5.0|i'm no &quot;jazz&quot; (whatever that means) expert, but this record floors me.  i can't explain what i hear, and it's impossible to categorize.  it resists cellophane packaging, and you'll never find a box big enough to  stuff it in.  deal with that....
6303234844|5.0|I still remember the first time I saw this video. Peter Gabriel is more than a musician, he is truly an artist.  This concert is the best one I have ever seen.  PLEASE release the Secret World Live concert on DVD!
B00001QGPR|1.0|Simply put, this album is really bad. Bowie should be embarrased at releasing such a piece of trash. There might be 2 OK tracks, but that's it. The lyrics are depressing, the music is boring, and Bowie's voice sounds as  if it's been electronically slowed down and drawn out. This will be the  second Bowie album I trade-in as used. And it will be the last Bowie album  I buy without first paying more attention to the critics and others.
6303257844|1.0|Ok, so I saw this piece of garbage, poor excuse for a brain dead \\"action\\" movie on TV. I forced myself to watch this ludicrous, inanely plotted flick on commercial television solely out of morbid curiosity (for the record, I refuse to watch a well made film on commercial TV because of censorship and continuity issues, movies as bad as this are just fun to goof on). This has to be about the worst movie ever made. The only positive thing that can be said is that the number of stupid plot twists and absolute physical impossibilities put forth are balanced perfectly by the poor dialog and wooden direction. There was nothing in the plot that someone past the eighth grade couldn't see coming a mile before it got there. I am truly amazed at the rating viewers gave this waste of celluloid and I'll never again trust a review given by Tom Keogh (see his review above).<br />To quote my wife, \\"This movie proves that MST 3000 died a premature death.\\"<br />PS Unfortunately, the lowest rating Amazon allows is one star. That is ten times more than it deserves.
B0000009RX|5.0|Zappa is the King.  Listen to this and flow
630542828X|5.0|If any lawyers want to know why we hate them, they should see this movie.  Then again, the average lawyer probably thinks this is the way our country should be.
B00000BKDS|5.0|Iron Maiden's first two albums, with singer Paul Di'anno, sound a tad more like fast punk music than the signature &quot;Maiden Metal&quot; sound. These definitely are outcasts in the way the band progressed, but does this  make them bad? NO! Iron Maiden has some excellent songs on it, such as  &quot;Phantom of the Opera&quot; (my favorite,) &quot;Running Free,&quot;  and the headbanging title track &quot;Iron Maiden.&quot; If you're new to  Maiden, start with Piece of Mind or Number of the Beast, and then get this,  because it alone is a classic!
6304140711|5.0|The suspense in this movie was great.I've seen it twice now and it still gets me upset about Mark Wahlberg on how such a jerk he was.But an excellent actor for this type of movie.
B000005DQR|5.0|Found this album by cruising through a record store and this was the overhead album playing.  Bought the album right there and have enjoyed many repeated listenings since.  A full spectrum of sound that lulls you into  his trance.  Great to listen to at work, before sleeping or just plain  chilling out.  Using music samples, scratching, and even some movie samples  (Prince of Darkness), this man pieces together sounds and makes one  haunting album.  Defies any musical catagory, but do yourself a favor and  pick this up.
B00000JMG7|5.0|Rory was the Real Deal. Not much credit as a blues guitar player being a &quot;white guy from Belfast&quot; in the late 60's. For years his stuff was next to impossible to find in the US, but there is a bounty of reissues  out now. This BBC 2x CD is really nice. The sets are all electric so Rory's  &quot;unplugged&quot; blues efforts are not presented- I hope the BBC has  some stored away for us! I saw him with Taste in 1969 in Detroit at Cobo  Hall. Taste was a warmup for Clapton's Blind Faith. Rory ruled the night. I  still remember being stunned by his powerful energy, honest emotion and  scorching guitar work! Oh yeah, he had the flannel shirt then too. Got the  Blues? Then get this set. Look for &quot;Taste&quot; CD's also.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I bought this cd because of the song &quot;Here With Me.&quot;  I don't usually buy cd's after hearing one song but I decided to do it anyway.  Besides falling in love with that song, I soon loved the whole thing.  I  think everyone should have this in their cd collection.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|The lyrics, melodies and beats are real nice but her weak voice takes away from the catchy rythms of the songs. It was a nice attempt but she needs to leave singing to the pros like Britney or Christina. These girls are real  singers and if you want good songs i recommend these albums instead of a  mediocre actress that cant sing.
0446310786|5.0|This is probably one of the top ten books ever written.  It covers so much and all through a way that Miss Lee seemed to master.  I have read it 3 times and it never gets old and each time I read it I pick up something new  I never noticed before. This is also a book both for parent and  child(appropriate for older kids however).  It teaches so much, everyone  should read it once.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|I'm ethnically Chinese and while I was concerned with how they were going to portray this beloved ancient legend we all learn in school as little kids, Disney came through and delivered with stunning animation, clever  dialogues, an inventive overall plot that strengthened the story without  losing its core spirit.  I am proud of what Disney has done to introduce  this story to the world.  Definitely a must-have DVD.
B0000060NF|5.0|This is the finest R&amp;B Album ever produced.  It's also one the finest rock/pop albums ever produced. An overwhelmingly passionate and deeply personal statement. Richly orchestrated and wonderfully crafted songs  support the incredible voice of Gaye.<br />Never has music combined this kind  of social commentary with such soulful passion. I go to my grave with this  one.
B000002C2E|5.0|Time Out of Mind is so subtle it's apt to slip by the ears of casual listeners.  As brilliant as Dylan's best work, this record adds to his legacy the perspective of impending mortality.  Everything is understated,  from Dylan's bittersweet whisper to Daniel Lanois' stunningly fragile,  musical production.  And &quot;Highlands&quot; rivals any song in the Dylan  canon.  Don't be fooled by this record's quiet complexity -- this is one of  the best albums of the last 20 years.
B00000K19E|5.0|I need not tell anymore that The Matrix is a great action-packed motion picture.  Almost all of those who have watched it could attest to that (except for the positively brain-dead), not only with its original concept  by the Wachowski Brothers (Larry and Andy rule!), but also with the  fantastic visual effects by John Gaeta, incredible fight scenes by Yuen Wo  Ping, and astounding production design by Owen Paterson.  Put together, the  product of these geniuses made a superb sci-fi action-adventure  masterpiece.<br />In the DVD, you won't get shortchanged with all of the  special features it offers.  From the &quot;Follow the White Rabbit&quot;  behind-the-scene mode alone, you really get great value for your DVD  money.<br />This movie really rocks!
1561009369|4.0|Dr. No was the very first movie so people might think that it is the first book, its not.  While it does stand alone by itself, the reader may want to read 'Live and Let Die' and 'From Russia With love' (this is where Bond  gets sick).  All in all its a very good mystery novel.  The whole  pus-feller (octopus) thing at the end is far fetched (but so is most of  James Bonds exploits right?).  Buy this today, you shant regret it darling!
B00000K19E|3.0|Awesome special effects, but this film is only nice for newbies in SF and teenagers. Every self-respecting Science Fiction reader simply CAN'T take this film seriously... there are at least 100 plot holes!
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix movie is great, I recommend it to be seen by everybody, the moves are great and new, lots of computer images and tricks are implemented in this movie as well as the special effects.
B000000OSG|5.0|This is the best Guns album of them all. The band sound like they have matured alot but keep the angry, aggresive lyrics of &quot;Appetite&quot; in many songs. The songs are all very differant, ranging from hard hitting  songs like &quot;You Could be Mine&quot; and &quot;Shotgun Blues&quot; to  some of the best emotional songs written by Axl ever with  &quot;Breakdown&quot; and one of the best songs I'v ever  heard,&quot;Estranged&quot;. Civil War is also a brilliant song.The band  all contribute to the songs, with izzy on vocals for two of them. This  album is essential for Guns n' Roses fans, and for anyone who loves good  music.
0446525537|4.0|I liked this book for the charming storyline. Jamie is a lovely girl, and I liked her right away. It is nice to read a book without violence and bad language.  This story kept moving, never slowed down. I think I read the  book in less then 3 days. I recommend this book for those who like an  endless love story. It will touch your heart.
B000002H33|5.0|Out of all their stuff this is the Best, NOT the recent &quot;loads&quot; of stuff.  If you want good thrash buy this.  You WONT be sorry.  The title song is AWESOME, to coin a phrase.  ENJOY!!
0316920045|1.0|Blatant in its themes, sophomoric in its comedy, textbook in its characters, to read that IJ can be compared to _Ulysses_ is to feel like that guy in the beginning of Scanners. . .We all know Pynchon and DeLillo,  and, if it's some Big Fun trenchant social observation laced with hilarity  you want, climb down from your ivory tower and check out Jack Womack and  Neal Stephenson. Poor Philip K. Dick had more to say about consciousness,  mind-expanding substances, the nature of reality, and human relationships  in any one paragraph than exists in any random 250 pages in IJ. Cleanse  your palate with a viewing of the work of Joseph Beuys. Then, for a real  mind-blowing combo, read Steiner's _How to Know Higher Worlds_ followed by  Murakami's _The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle._          Better than DMZ!
6305171769|5.0|Halloween H20 is the best made film on the halloween series.  It is the best written, the best shot, and has the best acting.  It would have been the best film in the series had the writing been a little better and John  Carpenter been involved somehow (creative consultant sounds right).  It is  second only to the first Halloween, and once more places Michael Myers on  the top of the heap of movie slashers.
6303149200|5.0|Not really a horror film, although that is where you will find it listed in any video stores that carry it.  The highly edited version does not make sense but if you can find the long version (about 103-111 minutes) it is  well worth the search.  The dialogs between Woodward and Lee are great.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Bowie has always been known for his changing look and sound.  I very much enjoy finding out what he's up to next, and this album is as much a joy to me as every other.  Anyone expecting a repeat of his old music will  certainly be dissapointed; this man just doesn't do repetitions of old  music.  These songs are very thought-out, and meant to feel more personal.  Big fans out there will feel closer to Bowie because they understand what  his lyrics are referring to.  But even Bowie himself admits that these  lyrics are not necessarily reflective of his life today... as he stated  himself, who wants to hear a guy singing &quot;Hey my life is great!&quot;?  Any true Bowie fan will like this album a lot; sure it's not as catching  as some of his more &quot;pop&quot; music days, but I've had it in my car  CD player for two weeks straight and I'm not tired of his soothing voice  yet... and likely never will be.
B00000DF6O|5.0|Riley's blues tunes are irresistible, from the smoky organ-based funk of &quot;Blues Boys Tune&quot; through the mellow Ray Charles-styled &quot;I'll Survive&quot;, to the bone-cracking jump blues of &quot;Good Man  Gone Bad&quot; this set smokes.
B00000JLXG|5.0|I, personally, have a difficult time finding fault with this film.  Perhaps it was because it came along at a time in my life when I needed more than a little inspiration.  It also brought to my attention, and the  attention of many others, five people who made this past year brilliant for  me, Gaelic Storm, aka the steerage band.  <br />This film is about emotion and  following feelings.  If you spend your entire time analyzing it, you'll  surely miss the point.  Laugh when you've gotta laugh, cry when you've  gotta cry...and the beauty of this film will be revealed.  In addition, the  sinking...One word, Brilliant!  I can not imagine how that sequence could  have been improved upon.
6305166021|5.0|I have read the other preveiws of the movie.  Some are positive and some are very negative.  It seems that most of the negative was from boreing puritists or &quot;dancers&quot; that in no way shape or form could ever  match Flatleys level.  Yes Micheal has an evident ego, but if I could dance  one fourth as well as he could at his age, I would have an ego to.  I am  starting Irish dance in a couple of weeks my self and am very excited.  I  hope that my teacher does not promote limiting and the deluted version that  these purists promote.  The Irish cultur that I have researched about is an  exciting culture full of life and energy, I also think that since Micheal  is about as Irish as they come, he would no alittle about the way that the  Irish have danced. Micheal created Riverdance and LOTD and FOF.  How many  of us can say the same.  So give credit were credit is due, and let the  first man with no sin cast the first stone against Micheal.  To everyone  else please watch the movie and dream as Micheal does and enjoy a Irish  inspired extravaganza!!!!!!!!!!!!!,,,it is worth every penny!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
B000002U9L|5.0|I thought I was the only one who liked this!  I saw the movie ages ago and I just loved it.  I've been listening to my worn out cassette ever since. Decided to look for a CD and realized I wasn't the only one.  Who would  have thought anyone else was listening?! The music is whimsical and airy.   The songs are fun and they transfer me back to innocent days of youth.  I  would definitely recommend this one to any Bowie fans as well as anyone who  wants to listen to some sweet/sad/goofy great songs!  Get the movie too!   Great for kids and adults alike.
6304083769|4.0|about as complex a plot as any movie can get,this film needs a &quot;cliffs notes&quot; edition to accompany it.however,after multiple and diligent viewings,the bulk of the story and underlying meanings can be  learned.do not be deterred by unsavory reviews by others;at least try it  out.to conclude,the only unappealing aspect to me would have been the  overall path the story took.i think the movie would have been more complete  if it had stayed more comprehensive to the manga.this selection appeared to  relate it's plot to one issue in the series.so there it is;my two cents.
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix does have some spectacular moments and everyone looks extremely cool.  But it takes a long time getting started and the sunglasses really started to annoy me at times.  Still, good fun.
0679745203|5.0|I'm not too big on poetry, but I can see where the author's previous work as a poet has influenced his prose style, and the results are breathtaking.  You'll want to take your time and savor it.  PS: This is a work for  adults, so assigning it for AP English was probably a mistake.
B00000DMJF|5.0|This, by far, is the most experimental and diverse collection of music by one band, on one album, ever.  Not the teeny bopper jive that everyone associates with the Beatles image, but music like no one else even attemped  to delve into, then or now. Especially nowaday.  Gimme a break!!  Nirvana?  N Sync?  Who?  Anyway, this album is orchastrated, thought out genius, and  nothing less.  In my opinion, this album is far better than Sgt. Pepper.   Tunes such as &quot;Martha My Dear,&quot; &quot;Julia&quot; (about Lennon's  mother), &quot;Yer Blues,&quot; and &quot;Rocky Racoon&quot; are some of  the most sensitive, off-kilter and groundbreaking songs of the 20th  century.  Truly amazing.  Forget &quot;A Hard Day's Night,&quot; this is an  intellecual mind bender, if you know what I mean.
B000002N2P|1.0|this is a really great cd- one of my favorites. if you liked dookie you will love this one. i only put one star to catch your attention. i would give it more than 5 stars if i could!!!!
B0000024SD|5.0|Shhh, don't tell your folkie aunt, but this is THE rock album of the mid 60's.  Dylan stunned folk audiences all over the world with his electric debut, and not everyone dug it.  If I had lived in the 60's, I would most  likely have been a folk purist, so I would have been mad at Bob too for  plugging in.  But looking back objectively at this album as a 20 year old,  I realize that this rocks the pants off any of his previous work, and  anything and everything after 1969.  His folk sound is astonishing, but his  electric sound is mind blowing.  Classics like &quot;Subterrainian Homesick  Blues,&quot; &quot;Maggie's Farm,&quot; and &quot; It's Alright  Ma....&quot; are imprinted in my mind as the antithesis of all electric  rock in the mid 60's. This album is a main source of John Lennon's  intellectual developement as a songwriter.  Check the Beatles 1965 album  &quot;Help,&quot; and then compare it with 1965's &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;  which was recorded after John and Bob met personally, and you may hear  Dylan's influence.  Dylan drove the Beatles from pop to intelli-rock with  this barnstormer.  Good move, Bob.  &quot;Bringing It All Back Home&quot;  is essential.
B000006NPY|5.0|This is not an album for the close-minded. It takes some time to get into, especially if you're used to earlier SP stuff. Adore is full of gentle and gorgeous songs about love, sadness, and letting go of the past. It's  definitely not empty fodder for the MTV crowd. Buy it and listen to it  repeatedly on headphones. It just might change your entire outlook on  popular music, if you give it a try.
B0000024RQ|5.0|This is the album that forged the singer/songwriter movement of the early 60's.  In my opinion, this is one of Dylan's most imaginitive (although there are dozens) albums.  &quot;I Shall Be Free&quot; and &quot;Oxford  Town&quot; are true classics in my mind.  Primal Dylan.  Not as raw as his  first album, but much more politically and socially conscious (being Dylans  own lyrics throughout the whole album.) As influential as his  &quot;Bringin' It All Back Home&quot; electric debut, but in a less raucous  and controversial manner.  Absolutely essential for any folkie, but any  folkie already has this one.  Start here.  Then move along Dylan's  miraculous career album by album.  Listen to him evolve.  Absolutely  incredible.  Buy this one for sure.
B000000WA4|5.0|Every emotion that you can possibly imagine can be found in a Mellon Collie song. This album is for everyone and everything under the sun. Buy it, and listen to more than just the singles. You're bound to like it.
6304806418|5.0|Alan Parker's &quot;Evita&quot; is an exhilirating, fun and entertaining yet powerful masterpiece. It stands out as one of the greatest musicals ever made and ever translated from stage to film. Maddona gives an  incredible performance that's extremely moving and her voice just makes the  music better. Antonio Banderas also gives a sly, fun performance. The scope  of the film is immense and breathtaking. The cinematography is rich and  artistic. Here, we get to know the main character, Eva Peron. The sets are  lush and grand, everything here is wonderfully artistic. The screenplay by  Alan Parker and Oliver Stone is a great work that's true to it's subject  and handled with care. &quot;Evita&quot; is an entertaining, moving and  powerful motion picture experience.
B000000W3G|5.0|This set has lots of variety and interesting material on it. The BWBW disc has some nice covers and the like, and the Zero disc has stuff that's fun to blast at full volume. TT features lovely acoustic songs, and 33 has a  neat lineup of material. The 1979 disc, however, is definitely the best in  the collection, with beautiful and emotional songs that are some of SP's  best b-sides ever. This boxset may cost a lot, but believe me, it's worth  it.
0783221622|5.0|&quot;Casino&quot; is one of the greatest of all crime dramas. It's stylish, visually stunning, well-acted and well-written. What &quot;Casino&quot; illustrates is that the mob really works like any other  business. They just do it illeagely and kill people in the process. The  film's structure is intriguing and always keeps you interested. At almost 3  hours, it takes it's time and lets the story expand as well as the  characters. Robert DeNiro gives a great performance as well as Sharon  Stone. Scorsese's vision here is incredible. The screenplay by Nicolas  Pileggi and Scorsese overpasses that of &quot;Goodfellas.&quot; This movie  is more interesting than &quot;Goodfellas&quot; (which is still a great  film) and has more style and vision. The soundtrack, full of oldies, is  also great and revives the era in which the film takes place. Scorsese  makes the city of Las Vegas and the Nevada desert almost seem like  characters themselves in this movie. &quot;Casino&quot; is a powerful crime  drama and of the greatest.
B000000WJZ|5.0|This album is just so exquisite. Each song is incredibly brilliant, and no two songs sound the same. The instruments sound wonderful, especially the lush guitar tracks and the solid drumming. The vocals are finely polished.  Every single line and melody on this album will paint images in your head  and bring back memories you never knew you had. Everyone who loves good  music should get this album. Now.
B0000062FL|5.0|THE EXPRESIVES PASSAGES TAKE ME TO OTHER PLACES ON THE WORLD,AND SHAKE MY MIND TO ALL SORTS OF FEELINGS.THAT'S IT.A GREAT MUSICIAN.....WITH MUSIC FOR THE HISTORY.
B000001Y2U|5.0|This album has had a HUGE impact on my life. It inspired me to really believe in myself and to think deeply about my life and the world around me. I have become very interested in religion, psychology, art, music,  philosophy, and literature as a result of this LP. If you want to figure  out what this album is all about, listen to it several times and think  about the storyline and the way the lyrics connect and intertwine. The  album means something different to everyone. Don't focus on the image or  the media or anything like that. This is a work of art and needs to be  appreciated as such. Look past the surface and try to understand.
B00000K3D4|5.0|Great movie, Great songs, And David Bowie is so HOT in this Movie
B000002TQV|5.0|The Bends is such a beautiful and sad masterpiece. Everything about it is completely brilliant. Just buy it and listen to it over and over and over... and learn to love it.
B000002W9Q|5.0|I've loved this movie for as long as I can remember, and even though I live in a world of pop music, I still love these classics. My favorite song of all time is, I've Had The Time Of My Life, and I listen to it all the  time. The whole CD just makes you want to dance! It's wonderful!
1558908498|4.0|First of all, I'd like to ask the &quot;reviewers&quot; to learn how to spell.  That having been said, this is what I think of the movie:  Jerry O'Connell looks good, yeah...but he should've been &quot;Sliding&quot; out  of this movie long before the end.  Um...Campbell can  act...&quot;Never.&quot;  And as for JACKIE being one of the killers?   What?  JACKIE???  I yelled it out in amazement when I watched the movie in  the theater, and I'll yell it every time I watch this funny movie.   JACKIE???
6303212379|5.0|The Goonies sounded like a dumb movie at the beggining because of the Name, But actually it is one of the best 80's movies. I always thought chunk was a girl. Then I thought he was an it. Now I finnaly think he is a  boy. Still, he does do the truffle shuffle well.
6302732786|5.0|This video will be one of the most touching musical performances you will ever see.  It is amainzing watching all the popular performers pay their respects to the most wonderful singer/showman of our time, Freddie Mercury.   It really shows how much the world lost when it lost Freddie.  It is nice  to see so many people and performers come together to say goodbye to  Freddie and support the fight against AIDS.  It was truely an unforgettable  day.
B00000253N|5.0|Every decade, Bob Dylan puts out an album that makes a statement. In the 60's, it was &quot;Freewheelin.&quot; This is the one for the 70's. Dylan puts his personal life to music and comes up with a winner. The first  track, &quot;Tangled Up In Blue,&quot; could possibly be the best song he  has ever written. Keep on going and you get such classics as &quot;Simple  Twist Of Fate&quot;, &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; and others. I listen to the CD  at least once a week and never get tired of it. It may not have the  political tones of his earlier albums, but the music is just as good. Ten  stars might be a better rating.
B000000W6R|5.0|This collection shows off how great SP b-sides are. You'll find plenty of good stuff here. Dreamy songs, angry songs, ballads, cover songs, outtakes, and more can be found on here, and they are all nicely assembled onto one  disc. Even if you're not a big fan, you might find PI an interesting  listen.
B000000XH4|5.0|This is truly one of the great jazz trio recordings by any artist(s). Any lover or student of jazz must add this to their collection.
6304383827|5.0|If you are a romantic you will simply eat this one up! I have watched it over and over! good job and cute humor~
B00000K19E|5.0|The greatest thing about this movie is that even those who hated it wanna say something about it!!
B0000024RQ|5.0|Before this, folk music was limited to just a select few...mostly those who sought their political views through music. Bob Dylan changed all of that. &quot;Blowin In The Wind&quot; is the song that starts the album and  it alone makes it worth five stars. But, &quot;Girl From North County&quot;  and &quot;Masters Of War&quot; follow it and make it even a better album.  This was Dylan's statement in the 60's. Sure, albums such as Blonde On  Blonde and Highway 61 are more known, but this one should be heard by  anyone wanting to hear what Dylan wanted to bring to the masses in the  60's. This is absolutely essential listening.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This LP has everything that you could ever possibly want in an album. It is such an incredibly crafted work of art. Everyone should own it. Everyone.
068484267X|1.0|This is one of the worst books I have ever read. Trying to read it was more painful than going to the dentist.
6303617719|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have seen! Kevin Kline is a cutie and so is Meg Ryan. <br />I loved the wine making information. Very romantical!
0393039765|5.0|No one needs me to wax philosophic on my thoughts or interpretations of Palahniuk's first novel. Simple then.  This book is a gripping experience. You will love it or hate it, but will surely feel something when finishing  it.  <br />This novel will not take much time to read.  Anyone can finish this  book in less time than the movie will take up in your life.  READ THE BOOK  FIRST FOR ONCE PEOPLE!  This is Chuck's story; read it his way first and  then SEE it Fincher's way.  <br />Do yourself a favor, buy the hardcover.  Fight Club deserves a place on the family bookshelf.
B000002C2E|5.0|Bob Dylan cleaned himself up and came out with one of his best albums. I saw him on this tour and didn't realize that he had kicked some of his habits. He simply sounds better than he has since 75. This isn't the place  to go to find essential Dylan, but you need to get this into your  collection of Dylan CD's before too long. I hope his next recording sounds  this good.
B000005RG7|3.0|Abominog was the first album recorded by the &quot;new&quot; version of Uriah Heep after guitarist Mick Box singlehandedly rebuilt the band following the 1980 collapse. This effort does not quite sound like the Heep  albums of the eighties, being full of glam and bombast, but is a solid  effort nonetheless if you like well-done and polished hard rock. Indeed,  most of the material is strong and the songs rock really well. However, the  absence of the departed Ken Hensley and the reliance on cover versions for  four of the album's ten tracks turn some hardcore fans off, as does the  cheesy album cover.
1572522232|1.0|this movie was not worth seeing. one of the worst horror movies of all time (including Howling 5). Was the director high when he made this movie?!?
6304167660|2.0|This should have been a TV-movie. There are too many characters that get little screen time. The story goes way too fast and the editing is very awkward.<br />And another thing. What is so special about Natalie Portman's  performance in this film? Her acting was average and any competent teenage  actress can do what she did in that film. Big deal.<br />Maybe I just don't  see it.
B000000OQF|5.0|This album is so politically backward.  It's very sexist -- GNR Lies is racist and homophobic at times.  But &quot;Appetite&quot; rocks so hard it doesn't matter what they are talking about.  They could personally make fun  of my mother.  I wouldn't care.  Axl's throaty voice and Slash's fast as  lightning riffs would still bring a smile to my face.  I can't wait for GNR  2000 style!!!  We want Axl.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I recently bought this CD and have worn it out listening to it on the way to work.  &quot;Possession&quot; really rocks and I have gotten more than a few weird stares from fellow drivers while I beat on the steering wheel.  I  highly recommend this CD for Sarah fans.
B000002JSJ|5.0|The people who gave this album one star are the ones who's favorite songs are Stairway to Heaven and Hotel California. Yuck!! The rythem in Achilles is so intense and Pages solos fit perfectley. There is so much tension in  the song that it makes it easy to listen to it for 10 minutes.
B000005HN6|5.0|Opeth's genius burst into full flower (pun intended) on this their debut album.  Somewhat heavier than the followup &quot;Morningrise,&quot; but sharing with it the extremity and epic feel that distinguishes Opeth from  the rest of the death-metal crowd.
0393317552|3.0|Easy way to read &quot;Guns, Germs, and Steel&quot;:  Flip to chapter 18, 'Hemispheres Colliding'.  Read 20 pages instead of 500, and you have the gist of the book.  Not only this, but Diamond repeats his thesis ad  nauseam--that the only reason Western culture is the dominant one in the  world today is an accident of geography.  While his theories *do* have some  merit, in my opinion, he discounts completely (no, I forget...he mentions  it in the EPILOGUE)the human contribution to history.  I realize that  'Great Man' historians are on the wane in the face of the spread of  humanistic psychology and the PC craze--but are we then to conclude that we  are all nothing more than a product of geography, without the chance to  change history ourselves? As an historian, I say no.  But then, I'm rather  biased.  As is Diamond, an evolutionary biologist--this bias shows.  Take  it for what it's worth, and remember my tip...
B000002A3T|3.0|This record is not a masterpiece, but it's very interesting. Wright sings (finally! I was missing your vocals, Rick) one song, and shares compositions with Gilmour. &quot;Marooned&quot;, &quot;Poles Apart&quot;  and &quot;High Hopes&quot; are excellent, but the rest is pretty acessable  and inconsistent (&quot;Take It Back&quot; indeed). But it's light-years  better than their 87's record.
B000002H33|5.0|&quot;Master of Puppets&quot; shows Metallica perhaps at its pinnacle.  This is truly inventive thrash metal, with rather intelligent lyrics to boot.  If &quot;Sanitarium&quot; fails to bring an angry tear to your eye,  check your life signs.
B00001QGPR|5.0|I have always loved David Bowie's music and the way he CHANGES yet molds at the same time. He is a fascinating earthling and his music is as amazing. I love this CD.. &quot;New Angels of Promise&quot;, &quot;What's  Really Happening&quot;, &quot;Thursday's Child&quot; and ESPECIALLY (love  this song) &quot;Seven&quot;<br />As for the &quot;Neil Young&quot; punch from  an earlier reviewer--- please let it go! I think he looks great here and he  always, as Neil Young, has been a master of disquise!!! (Actually both Neil  and Bowie have very similiar concepts, too--and are both profound  artists)<br />Get this CD.. put it in during your mobiling.. you'll love it...  and again, &quot;SEVEN&quot; will have you mysteriously humming a tune for  days after..and you'll wonder..&quot;What am I singing?&quot; When a CD can  either mix in with what your doing at a particular time or send you off in  another plane it reaches me.. I think it will reach you too.. give it  time..listen a few times, brush off those spiders from mars cobwebs in your  brain and open your mind to a new sounds.. it's great!
B00001OH7O|5.0|The songs from this album are very distinct; &quot;Changes&quot; is a lovely pop song, &quot;Life On Mars?&quot; and &quot;Quicksand&quot; are epic, poignant, with magnificent strings arrangement, &quot;Kooks&quot; is  folkish, &quot;Queen Bitch&quot; is pure rock'n'roll. Bowie never was so  versatile as here. And, the most important, each song is a little  masterpiece.
B00002SWEM|5.0|Portraits very unique philosophy of live
0792839749|1.0|Shot in SUPERPANAVISION!!!! Bunged onto DVD in 4:3 without a thought. (Quick let's rip the stupid people off for Christmas)<br />Get with the plot and don't buy this turkey DVD<br />Great film spoiled by the DVD distribution  again!
078322172X|4.0|Bruce Willis stars in this semi-sci-fi video along with Madeline Stowe and Brad Pitt.  Pitt won the Golden Globe as Best supporting actor and also earned an Oscar nomination for his role as the mental patient and scientist  son who was off his rocker.  Check out the sanitary room scene where Pitt  jumps all over the place.  Interesting. There was a sentimental, romantic  tone between the main character played by Willis and Stowe.  It almost  looked like there would be a happy ending to this video, but it's not the  case.  Watch it.  Another interesting aspect of this video was when Willis  came in and out of different time zones throughout the video.  His job was  to find the resource of the 12 Monkeys who would exterminate the human race  in 1996.  He had a band of scientists always crawling off his back wanting  to know his progress in preventing the 12 monkeys from causing world  destruction.  The video was a surprise to me.  I thought it would be the  typical time travel schoomze, but there's a mix of everything in this one.  Terry Gilliams offbeat production makes the video very humorous and entices  the audience to watch for the next scene which is unpredictable.  The  soundtrack with accordion theme song is weird, but brings out a zoo-like  atmosphere like when the monkey dances with the man with the music grinder.  I don't know if ther was a connection, but it gave me the impression.  If  you like Gilliams's style of humour you'll enjoy 12 Monkeys.  Excellent.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This guy is just a poet and so driven by words and emotions.  It's so apparent in the way he carries himself and his stage presence that he is no stranger to human emotions be they good or bad.  We can all relate to him  in some form or fashion.  Moby is one to watch and how I wish he'd come to  Houston for a show!!!<br />Be careful what you wish for....you just might get  it.
B0000203YT|5.0|I have been reading some of the comments from previous viewers and they range from hating the film to thinking it is the best film ever made.  I think that how you feel about the movie will depend on your personality  type.  If you liked Emma, Sense and Sensibility, Much ado about nothing,  then I think you will enjoy this one as well.  It shows shakespeare from a  different perspective and I thought it was inventive and refreshing.  Those  who say that Joseph deserved an oscar are right.  He was wonderful.  But  the competition involved was just better.  Gwyneth was good as well.  I  though this movie was touching, funny and just fun to watch.  I recommend  it.
0446525537|5.0|In keeping with the Nicholas Sparks tradition, A Walk to Remember does not dissappoint. Once again, he captures the essence of true love as told by a grown man.  While reading his novels, I can't help but think that this man  must truly be in love with his own wife and children to write of such  deeply moving romance.  I thought this was a wonderful trip into the past  and late adolescence.  It truly is a walk to remember!
B000009ED0|4.0|I'm primarily a fan of blues, classic rock, and rockabilly and I dislike most rap so I thought that this CD wouldn't be anything I'd be interested in. However, I caught Kid Rock's performance on HBO's Reverb show and came  away impressed by his combination of &quot;redneck&quot; rock and urban  sounds. In a way, he reminds me of some non-mainstream rockabilly artists  of the late 50's (they shouted more than singing too). <br />Yeah, the  language is crude at times and he is a show-off, but the same could be said  for many acts of the past as well. Also, I like how his stuff is fun,  unlike some metal/rap groups who're all disfunction and gloom. It certainly  won't appeal to everybody, but don't write it off just because you think  it's rap.
B0000026UV|5.0|I think that the listed critic was carried away with his own bombast.  I loved the parts where Chet Atkins sung.  Although it might be characterized by the oh-so-jaded set as a little schticky, &quot;There'll be some  changes&quot; is my favorite track of all.  The rolling dialogue and  duelling guitars make for one of the great collaborative efforts of guitar  history.  This album feels like fun and mutual respect.  Mark and Chet have  earned it, but their reward was not self-indulgence.  It was my pleasure.
B00000JCB2|5.0|it is god my whole school has this C
630281474X|5.0|This film is probably the most rare and priceless gem on video. It's also Christopher Lee's best role to date. The meeting between Count Dracula and Jonathan Harker is extremely intense and horrifying! Lee as the famed Count  portrays the blood-stalking madman better than any other actor. The film  captivates you from start to finish and it leaves you wanting more and  more!!! I saw this film when I was seven years old and I sat behind a chair  while the film was being watched by my mother. I love it today at  twenty-eight.  It's a must see for Dracula fans and I urge anyone to see  the sequels to the &quot;Horror of Dracula.&quot; A true gem on video.
B000025RAU|5.0|The movie speaks for itself in terms of character development and mood. It is by far the greatest piece of work ever to come out of the 1970's in terms of telling a solid story with interesting people and depicting a side  of human nature everyone tries to forget or repress. But the real beauty of  the film is how it conveys the day to day life and environment of living in  Southern California- from Catalina Island, to the Valley, to downtown, to  residential Hollywood, seeing this movie will give you a feeling like no  other of the perils of being a commoner or a sophisticate in the shark tank  of L.A.
B000009ED0|4.0|Kid Rock's CD Devil Without a Cause has some bumpin' tunes! Kid Rock busts some pretty good rhymes! When the CD first gets started it has some good songs, but once it starts to get to the end it loses it's edge. You can  expect that to happen when this is his first &quot;big&quot; CD. But  overall this CD is good to play at parties and stuff like that! It will get  a crowd moving!
080011194X|5.0|If you have ever underestimated Larry Flynt, or believed him to be an idiot, please see this film.  It shows all of us how brilliant and curagouce he really is.  He fought and he sacraficed so much for the  freedom to speak one's without percicution.  <br /> The one flaw I have with  this film is actually not even s flaw just a concern.  The timing of events  in Larry's life was not to acurate.  One example of this was that Larry had  his operation after Athea passed away, however I can understand that it was  probably necessary to change it for the film.
B000002U82|4.0|Pink Floyds best radio friendly album (though I am so tired of &quot;Money&quot;). It sure beats Momentary Lapse of Treason. But, Floyds' best work is in Echoes (Meddle), Atom Heart Mother (title track), and  Sysphus 1-4 (Ummagumma)...To name a few (also Obscured by Clouds), albums  that were so pivital in the music, emotion, and style of Dark Side.<br />The  Dark Side of the Moon is a phenomenal album... But you can not have a tree  with out its roots. Pink Floyd at their best is when they were <br />picking  and forming the style that they are so famous for now.............  ..........Sorry for rambling...........<br />            Buy the album!
6304504012|5.0|This movie had some of the best songs I have every heard. It is so sad at the begining though but becomes very injoyable and fun to watch.
B00000ILDF|4.0|If I have one regret it is that I allowed all the &quot;nay&quot; sayers to dissuade me from seeing this on the big screen (I finally did years later). Although it doesn't have the power of the first two films, Alien 3  is still a good film. With its downbeat ethos it somehow works. Viewed  again the film seems like a logical extension of the series. Taken in  context, it is a pause, a chance for Ripley and the viewer to rest before  the battle continues.<br />I like this film, but I admit that it leaves me  wanting more. The ending is powerful and still manages to bring a lump to  my throat. Personally, I think if anyone likes Alien then they will also  like Alien 3.
0446525537|5.0|Once again Nicholas Sparks has made me smile, laugh and cry my eyes out. No other author has  tapped into my emotions like this one. He makes you actually feel each character and his story telling is truly beautiful. I  must read for all age groups.
6305079900|5.0|First of all, I have no problems with the picture or sound quality of this DVD. Apart from the lack of features there is little to diminish this great film on DVD. I would recommend it as one to add to the collection.<br />As to  the film itself - while I like T2 I always finds the first film better.  There is a greater sense of danger in this film. The Terminator comes  across as a truly frightening and unstoppable killer (the T1000 in T2 just  seems like a nice effect) and there is a constant feeling of  relentlessness.<br />The two Terminator films at least represent intelligent  time travel films as opposed to the dire Back to the Future movies and  their ilk.<br />I hear that T2:SE will be released on DVD in 2000.
0380973464|4.0|For a fascinating nonfiction glimpse into the salvage of a Japanese submarine carrying war gold between Japan and Germany, read the article entitled, &quot;The Last Dive of I-52.&quot;  The parallels are stunning,  and I can't help but wonder how much of this true story Stephenson was  aware of when writing his book.  The lead technical contractor for the  salvage operation was Seattle-based Sound Ocean Systems and the dust jacket  tells us Stephenson lives &quot;in the Pacific Northwest.&quot;<br />National  Geographic's teaser above the title of the article sets the stage:  World  war II in the Atlantic...German U-boats...Secret Codes...Gold Bullion...A  Rendezvous at Sea...American Flyboys..Sudden Death...A Salvage Hunter...The  Lust for Gold...And a Japanese Sub on...THE LAST DIVE
B00000ILDE|5.0|First of all, great picture and sound quality. Fewer features than Alien, but still a DVD to buy.<br />Secondly - one of the few sequels that surpasses the original. When I first heard about Aliens I was both curious and  horrified. I was not impressed the first time I saw it but I found myself  drawn to it, and watched it a few more times before finally admitting that  it grew on me. It is probably the finest film of its type. In terms of  style and characters, the first film is marginally better, but overall  Aliens is just perfect. Thankfully the DVD is the Special Edition with 17  minutes of extra footage. I have seen the SE before but initial rumours  said that the DVD would be the theatrical release. Not that I have anything  against the earlier version, but once seen the SE is a must have.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Tremendous sequel that has it all: entirely believable characters, gripping action, multiple levels of meaning and solid story.  Cameron leaves no room for doubt that he is simply the premier action director of  our age.  The blending of humour and tragedy is perfect, and the squad of  Colonial Marines are the best depiction of a military unit yet seen on  screen.  This film was made before digital effects got a stranglehold on  Hollywood, and the models of the Sulaco, the Dropship and the APC are  beautifully integrated into the sounstage and location setups.  The  cinematography, production design and wardrobe all help this film to  achieve its deserved cult status.  Certainly the best of its kind ever made
630521610X|5.0|This, is the best horror movie ever made!  Unlike other stupid horror movies, that showded us things like monsters, death mens, this kind of junk (like Jason, for example, or Chucky).  This one is inovating, new, fun,  scarry....
630516889X|5.0|Predator takes the &quot;alien-picking-them-off-one-by-one&quot; concept and executes it flawlessly.  Great camera work lets you almost feel the oppresive jungle heat at every turn and adds tremendously to the suspense.   And after all our heroes and resources are expended in vain, the ending  comes down to Arnold and the Predator in a desperate battle of primal  wits.<br />The DVD features the standard fare of trailer+chapter selects, but  the picture and sound  are sharp and leaves little room for complaint.
B00000K31Q|1.0|This adaptation of Shakespeare's The Taming of the Shrew, set in a Seattle High School, leaves Shakespeare's play almost entirely behind.  Only one line from the play is cited in the entire video. Instead of a story about a  rough man &quot;taming&quot; a woman in need of sex, we get in 10 Things a  sappy story about a teen boy &quot;saving&quot; a &quot;feminazi&quot;  young woman. If you are looking for a serious revision of Shakespeare's  play, ignore this film.  For more on &quot;Shakesploitation&quot; flicks  like this one (including Never Been Kissed, an adaptation of As You like  It, see my book _Unspeakable ShaXXXspeares_.
B00000IPAX|4.0|This album is one wicked phat edition to any punk lover's collection!!! What's my age again, and Adam's Song are my favorite tracks, but all of them are great, with the exception of that song about dysentary, but thats  just cuz its pretty sick. If you like this cd, check out bands like MxPx,  NoFx, Offspring, and more. Also check out my favorites the Impossibles and  Weezer!
B00000AFWW|5.0|This review is coming from someone who also listens to the Deftones (new metal) and 2pac.I bought this album after &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; and &quot;Malibu&quot; came out.Since both are solid songs I picked it up and  was really impressed.Everything on this album is tight the songs, the  lyrics,the singing and playing.Later I bought &quot;Live Through This&quot;  and loved it just as much.The best song though is &quot;Northern  Star&quot;.This song has feeling man! It's like too cool.Definately pick  this album up it's hot.And Melissa deserves as much credit and respect as  Courtney.
0800137841|5.0|I saw it a few years ago, and I loved it. Idon't get why it's rated R, though. I'm going to rent it for Halloween this year.
B000002U82|5.0|From the opening heart beat to those famous words, &quot;there is no dark side of the moon really, as a matter of fact it's all dark&quot;, Pink Floyd's tale from birth to death with all of life's problems in between is  the best story ever told.  The opening scream of &quot;Breath&quot;, the  intensity of &quot;On the Run&quot;, the reaching for more  &quot;Time&quot;, the motherly figure in &quot;The Great Gig in the Sky,  the need for more and more &quot;Money&quot;, the epic battles between  &quot;Us and Them&quot;, the musical genius of &quot;Any Colour You  Like&quot;, the insanity of &quot;Brain Damage&quot;, and fianlly the end  of life with &quot;Eclipse&quot; make it worth listening to 1000 times.
B000002UV1|5.0|The red hot chilipeppers throw together their best funk-punk album with John Frusciante jamming on the guitars and Flea with some of his best slap bass work. The lyrics are exellentand that is why it is 100 precent funk.
B000001Y16|5.0|too bad TUPAC wasent still alive to do a song with C-MURDER.CUZ it would be down
0812523334|5.0|I have loved these books ever since my mother introduced me to them at a young age (I was probably six at the time.)  To this day, she remembers me asking tearfully, &quot;Mommy, Beth's not really dead, is she?&quot;  Now,  at age 21, I've read two copies until they fell apart and plan on buying a  third as soon as I can afford it.
6300213501|5.0|This is a great episode with a quite obvious criticism of slavery. Uhura has one of her best lines ever in this episode.
B00000K2SC|5.0|When I first went to see this movie, I admit I was doubtful.I'm a humongus sci-fi fan, but all of the preveiws on this movie looked just plain stupid. But after seeing it, I couldn't believe there was ever a time I DIDN&quot;T  want to see it. It was that good. Lawrence Fishburne and Keanu Reeves were  wonderful, and the plot was complex enough to make you think, but wasn't  moving so fast that you got lost. I highly recommend this movie to ANY  sci-fi fan, or just anyone who wants something to think about. On a scale  of 1 to 10, this movie gets a 9.5.
0670881791|5.0|This novel is not to be missed! Everybody is a fan of France, or chocolate, or magic, or anti- clericalism--and so you've got to find this book rewarding in one way or another (if not all). It's about a witch who  moves to a (very) provincial French village and starts a chocolaterie. She  gets in trouble with the local priest and a lot of the establishment, but  manages to change a lot in the town. (Of course we all know that chocolate  has extraordinary powers). Perhaps it doesn't sound like so much in  summary, but believe me this is great stuff. The Fox
B000002HH9|1.0|I'm just echoing other comments, but I want to do my part to drag down the rating of this album. Imagine if you will, a brilliant, mercurial band leader who managed to produce some of the most complex, diverse, and moving  music of the 80's and early 90's. Now imagine that same individual today, a  booze-addled letch who can only write about how bad he feels after cheating  on his wife/girlfriend, but how rejuvenated he feels when he's doing the  cheating. To top it off, he decides to involve his fans in this bombastic  and monumentally disingenuous &quot;therapy session.&quot; Some will  probably say this is Robert Smith's most honest album, but hey, I never  listened to the Cure for &quot;honesty&quot; of the self-help variety, I  listened to them for an un-self-conscious and visceral exploration of loss,  alienation, and rage, punctuated by moments of manic elation. Instead of  reaching new depths of introspection, Smith seems only to have reached the  &quot;limbo of irrelevant, pathetic and senile aging rockers.&quot; <br />Oh,  btw, for new listeners, I recommend &quot;Kiss Me...&quot; and  &quot;Disintegration.&quot; If you like those, go back to the albums that  shaped my adolescence: &quot;The Top,&quot; &quot;Pornography,&quot;  &quot;Faith,&quot; and &quot;Seventeen Seconds.&quot;
B00000J7J4|1.0|I am a huge fan of instrumental Santana, and there is only some of that here. I think all of the guest singers kind of break the momentum because the styles jump back and forth with no flow. To truly experience Santana,  see him in concert, without all of the singing. Kind of dissapointing  result overall
B000002H2Z|3.0|Very well put. Follow this advice to the letter, neophytes..
0553278355|5.0|As I said in the summary, it's The Bell Jar! Of course it's a masterpiece! This beyond fascinating story reads like &quot;The White Middle Class Gifted Girl's Guide to Depression&quot;, and I mean that as the highest  compliment. A wonderful lesson on how to make that fall from grace w/grace.
B00000K19E|1.0|If you are 12 years old or below in intellectual age then this film will be your cup of tea. It had all of the makings of the &quot;New Hollywood&quot;  classic:<br />         slow motion explosions;           Kung-Fu kicking galore;          small arms fire aplenty;          idiotic,  trite dialog;          politically correct of course ;          much noise  but little thought;<br />Better yet, get the comic book.
B00000G3PA|4.0|To those who seem to expect realism, factuality, and political correctness (not that pc is realistic) to always come out of Hollywood, what are you thinking? <br />While the movie has plot flaws and is wholly predictable, it  contains one thing critics most often snub their noses at today: optimism,  and a happy ending. The tone of the film, as well as the christological  subplot (a popular plot which can be found in the Matrix also) was  refreshing in light of the many morose, dark, and otherwise nauseating  movies of 1998.<br />It loses a star for its overtly simple story flow.
0792837614|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen! It is so fantastic, so amazing, so perfect! I rented this movie and in 5 days I watched it 7 times. I got upset because my Mom made me go to my best friend's party and wouldn't let  me watch it more than 3 times a day! No, I'm not insane, I can just  recognize a good musical when I see one!!!!!!!!!!
0385486804|4.0|Jon Krakauer is a tried and true adventure/outdoor writer.  If you like this genre, this is an entertaining read.  The book is certainly not conclusive, and there are passages that some may construe as  &quot;fill&quot;....stories of other perhaps misled wanderers are added  because, in the end, there is no answer as to why Chris McCandless did what  he did.  But I enjoyed reading about John Muir and the other oddballs that  drifted in and out of the narrative.  I do think this book has an agenda,  especially towards the end when Mr. Krakauer compares his own climb of a  mountain in Alaska to McCandless' quest, but the agenda gives the book a  point of view that perhaps is needed.  The boy remains a mystery, Jon  Krakauer doesn't resolve it, but so what?  Think what you will, at least it  will make you think.  And, I may be prejudiced also, living in the Pacific  Northwest and knowing all too many people who are the similar to the  characters that populate &quot;Into The Wild&quot;.
0140187650|5.0|Arendt explores the man who superficially seems to be the mastermind of the death of countless Jews and other undesireables. However, Arendt examines the &quot;banality&quot; of evil, thus concluding that neither  Eichmann nor the Germans were entirely responsible for these attrocities,  instead, she spreads the guilt to others as well (including the Jewish  communities that cooperated with the Nazi authorities, much to the disgust  of many Jews). Her intelligent argument points out that the Holocaust was  not a phenomenon that can only be ascribed to the immensely evil Eichmann  or German people because they were passive sheep who either pretended not  to notice the attrocities or actively cooperated and shed their guilt by  believing the huge lies from the Nazi state and propaganda machine. This  may lead the reader to the conclusion that many other societies are not  immune to the stupefaction that the Germans underwent during the Third  Reich. Third Reich Germany may seem to many an ethereal and ghoulish  nightmare, seperated from our world by eons but it is not. How do you like  them apples mate?
B000009CEM|3.0|I heard the cd from a person I know, and I felt it was just ok. I love heavy music but there was something about fear factory that just makes them ok. One the other hand I love their name Fear Factory and the song  ressurection is pretty awesome. Buy it if you are really into really hard  heavy metal, but if your not sure hold off.
B000002G87|4.0|I listened to this album on a quality stereo in the '70's and remastering seems to have taken some of the vibrancy out of it.  The original music is of the highest quality.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I have been a long time fan and was waiting the arrival of this album. I was not disapointed and it is probably one of the best cd's i've ever bought. The best songs are Capatin Bligh, Take a Picture, Cancer, and I  Will Lead You. Buy it today, and you won't be let down.
B000001FS3|5.0|I have to agree with my fellow Icelander here that this is truly a fantastic album.  If you're a music fan go and buy it if you haven't done it already.  The cheerful boys from Dublin proof once again that they are  best in  business.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|This cd is one of the best cds ever. It has all of his big hits like In the air and I wiah it would rain down this should be in every ones cd collection
0800177177|4.0|Looks like Coppola set out to give vampires a good name -- nothing better than a bloodsucker you can feel sorry for.  I admit it seriously strays from Bram Stoker's ideal but for an &quot;American re-write&quot; it's  still recognisable.<br />Casting's definitely a tad odd though.  I realise  Keanu Reeves was hot after Bill and Ted but surely they could have found  someone, somewhere with a more believable accent?  As Elizabeth Graza says  it's the phoniest ever -- one to rival Dick Van Dyke's in Mary Poppins.  <br />But it's still one of my favourite films.  I've seen it so many times  I'd rather chew off my leg rather than see it again.  Of course that hasn't  stopped me buying it on DVD.
B0000009RT|2.0|Okay, this was a pretty wild debut album in 1966. While everyone was listening to British pop with sentimental themes of teenage love, these Americans released a sarcastic, political, noise filled double album which  was all over the place and proclaimed Zappa a talent with acute  intelligence. &quot;Trouble comes everyday&quot; is the David Bowie  &quot;Rebel, Rebel&quot; riff/hook ten years before Bowie but while Bowie  sings of drag queens, Zappa is singing about race riots in the streets. The  rest of the album does not hold up well and has aged poorly. The sound is  poor and many of the pieces sound sophomoric today. So, who should buy  this? If you are just getting into the Mothers of Invention, this is a must  but everyone else can pass it up as a time piece that is unnecessary to add  to your collection.
0780626966|5.0|As everyone knows, the Nightmare on Elm St. saga has continued to thrill us all. Now on DVD, it's crystal clear and the sound is beautiful. One thing though, don't get your hopes up for the 3D ending on Final Nightmare.  The transfer was horrible. I was one that thought that everyone else's  standards were too high and I got my hopes up for this grand show, but I  was let down. The movies are classics. Anyway you slice it, especially in  wide screen. Get this collection, play with the interactive portion of the  8th disk. And have fun.
0790729628|4.0|I was blown away by Bladerunner when it was in theaters and when it came out on video it was one of my first ever purchases of a videotape.  Naturally, that tape was the original version with the voiceover and happy  ending and without the unicorn sequence.  Somehow that copy disappeared and  I replaced it with the Directors Cut. I thought of the original as a  five-star movie and I have to remove one for this version.  I think the  voiceover is a neutral factor, the uncertainty of the revised ending is  slightly superior, but the unicorn sequence is a jarring disturbance.  I  had heard and read about the dream sequence for years before I saw it and I  have to admit that if I had not been told that it was supposed to raise the  question of Decker's  humanity, it would have totally perplexed me.  I am a  reasonably intelligent person with a college degree and I just do not see  how a fleeting glimpse of a unicorn suggests that Decker is a Replicant.   Left on my own, I would have interpreted it to mean he wanted out of his  &quot;real&quot; world and wondered why he had not gone offworld.  Not only  does the unicorn sequence seem out of place and unclear, it was  unnecessary.  All these years later, I can still remember debating the  possiblity that Decker was not human with friends on the trip home from the  theater  based only on what we saw in the original version.  Ridley Scott  should have quit tinkering while he was ahead.  However, buy this version  if you do not have the original because it is still superior to the vast  majority of what is labeled science fiction.  Oh, by the way, buy the  soundtrack too - it has some of Vangelis' most moving work.
0684867621|4.0|SK should write more books like this one.  Just enough suspense to keep you interested with not too much horror and gore.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Although this album is one of Floyd's less known, it is absolutely phenomenal.  This album doesn't share as much of the jazz influence of the band's earlier recordings, but is more rock-oriented.  If you like The Wall  and Wish You Were Here, you will probably love this album.
0446525537|5.0|This book really touches your soul and makes you appreciate the person you fell in love with.  Nicholas Sparks takes his time in telling the story so that you are put in that 1950's frame of mind.  Courtship was very  different in the 50's and Sparks did his best to capture that.  It is a  wonderful love story that makes you a believer in true love.  I laughed and  cried.
B000003TBP|5.0|I have heard a lot of different albums and songs, but Becks songs are amazing on Odelay. The lyrics rule and the music is wonderful. Even though he samples other peoples' work he crafts it beautiffully. If you do not  have this CD; get it. You won't regret it!
0783228570|5.0|this movie is the absolute best film...no one can keep you attention for four hours like tony montana.
B00000JCB2|2.0|I usually don't take to time to discredit bands, but this music is terrible.  It is a shame that so many people my age listen to trash like this.  If you are into heavy music, try a little Hendrix.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I am a true fan of music in general.  I do not buy any cd's for a sinlge.  This album collaborates talented artists, not one-hit-wonders, and is a must for those seeking pure music exatasy.  I am 18, my peers do not  understand the true value of Santana's work.  This album is not supposed to  be a normal Santana cd, but it's goes farther and includes other artists  work in complement with his own.  If these, so-called,Santana true fans  found this cd to be unworthy, they had better reevalute their music  appreciation.  This is a classic.
6305177473|5.0|I thought it was really good.  There was really good acting and it was a really believable story.  I fell about laughing.  If you haven't seen it go know, or you will never forgive yourself.  It is utterly, utterly, utterly  BRILLIANT!!!
0930289528|4.0|This story's theme is that ideals are intangible, manifesting through those that carry on the ideal's work.  The &quot;hero&quot; of the story, V, defends his ideals against the fascistic ones currently reigning and  wreaks so much sweet havoc anyone who thinks the world needs a great change  would wish they could wreak.  This book has been captivating throughout and  provided a few genuine surprises.  It lost a star, because unfortunetly, it  sorta trails off towards the end, and V's impact on the world is so great  its a little difficult to swallow.  Still a classic, and remember, the  importance is WHAT V is, not WHO he is.
079073382X|5.0|What a magical experience it is to fall in love.  &quot;Before Sunrise&quot; beautifully expresses the pain, the excitement, and the *feeling* of love. It proves that to find that elusive emotion of love, one  must be willing to take risks and trust one's intuition. This film so  eloquently illustrates that when one reaches the end of his or her life the  things that matter the most are those magical and romantic moments that one  has experienced. I encourage you to see this film with someone you deeply  care about.
6301972015|5.0|There is no way a movie can get any better.  With three of the all time greatest stars (Cary Grant, Katharine Hepburn, and Jimmy Stewart), this is the one of the greatest of all time.  It has comedy, romance, and Cary  Grant.  What more from a movie could someone want.
6303011012|4.0|I sure would like to see whether a DVD version with more special features (e.g., the TV interview with The Woman in the Red Dress [you GO, Girlfriend!]).Since I R&amp;D and design home theaters, I have carefully  calibrated equipment and a visually and acoustically tweaked studio.VERDICT  1:   THE PERFORMANCE IS A FIRESTORM AND A &quot;MUST SEE&quot; VIDEO!Merely  energetic isn't the word here; in my view Track 7 on the ACROPOLIS CD,  &quot;Within Attraction&quot; is the bomb!  The dueling violins were  masterful  and-one-of-a-kind.VERDICT 2:   THE AUDIO RATES ONLY 4 STARS.The  engineering was probably competent and digital, so a re-issue on HDCD or of  TelArc's 20-bit  surround quality is possible now.  But a DVD gives you the  whole enchilada.  CD audio is superior to DVD in some ways due to the  format--even played back in Dolby 5.1 Digital.VERDICT 3:  THE VIDEO  ENGINEERING IS SERIOUSLY FLAWED.On a direct view Sony 36&quot; XBR Wega  professionally calibrated to NTSC standards by ISF-certified tech, the VHS  edition had far too much &quot;red push&quot; (this may be a bad  tape-to-firm transfer) but as of 1994, videorecording digitally has been  available; I cannot believe that Yanni didn't have the concert thus  recorded.Therefore, I would like to see a digitally-corrected DVD from the  master. If he did not record video digitally, we're out-of-luck and those  &quot;blooming&quot; red PAR lights in the arena will never get cured  absent playback on high end professional gear. BOTTOM LINE: ****Yanni fans  need to ask the powers-that-be at PRIVATE MUSIC, 9014 Melrose Avenue,Los  Angeles, CA  90069, to come up with a remastered re-issue of this VHS  linear-track-audioperformance.  I'll do my part, as I am only 1/2 hour away  by freeway.  But a little help from Yanni fans would be very useful . .  .John Bartok Bastian, CEOFEAR NOT ENTERPRISES N.A.
B000001FA4|5.0|Yes, if I was FORCED to pick the best U2 album (and therefore the best album of all time), it would be The Joshua Tree; however, &quot;Bad&quot; (from this album) is by far the best song.  Ever.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Two of the greatest actors ever, what more can be said, except BUY it, watch it, then watch it again and again and again.
0783229526|3.0|Pairing Hunter S. Thompson and Terry Gilliam is an idea that should have spawned a subversive, critical and insightful film that looked at the American Dream and how in making it real it has become something  alltogether different.<br />Unfortunately Gilliam shows a dedication to the  source material that verges on reverence, which is understandable but also  counter-productive.  We are hand held through a picture gallery of  Thompson's world but never does Gilliam let loose and let use the material  he is given for all its worth.<br />Contrary to general opinion there IS a  point to the film, unfortunately it is really only made in the last few  minutes in an exposition speech by Hunter, and the narrative work before it  is only partially relevant.<br />It's a good film but for this kind of  reverence it should have been given to Merchant Ivory, I can't help but  wish that Terry Gilliam had been in the kind of SUBVERSIVE mode that used  to be his norm, his work is much more insightful and brutal when he is,  which i feel this film needed, as opposed to his recent meloncholly from  Fisher Kind and 12 Monkeys, both which I loved.
0792151712|1.0|If you are looking for a boring three hour waste of time this is your film.  Romantic-  I think not- this is a film that features character so bland and tiresome that after an hour you will find yourself praying for an  ice burg or a nuclear bomb or something to put these tiresome people out of  your misery.  This film is another example of a Hollywood movie that uses  special effects in pace of good writing and character.  But I lack the  energy to list all of this films bad traits- let it suffice to say that my  favorite part was leaving the theatre.  If you allowed the option of voting   0 stars I would have done so.
0201485672|5.0|What impressed me most about this book was its attitude.  Granted that the book expertly leads us through refactoring of smelly code; and granted that the catalog of refactorings are full of interesting insights.  But still  and all, it was the attitude that the value of a module was not maximized  simply by making it work that really struck home.  <br />You can vastly  improve a module without changing its function whatever.  Morevoer, such  function preserving, structure improving, changes are a normal and  essential part of every engineer's role.
B000002N2N|5.0|&quot;Hey, we're the Ramones . . . this one's called Rockaway Beach&quot; opens this masterpiece of simplicity and power.  Featuring 28 songs in just under 55 minutes, the album slows down only once, for the ballad &quot;Here  Today, Gone Tomorrow.&quot;  You can feel the excitement and energy in the  songs, and the album photos alone will make you want to put on a pair of  torn jeans and a leather jacket.  In later years, the Ramones recorded  several more live albums, and each are worth having.  But buy this one  first. It is the Ramones defining moment and one of the greatest live  albums ever.
0399142851|4.0|I found this novel to be very fascinating. Especially interesting were the medical terms and proceedures. I plan to read many more of this author's novels now. I was pulled along by the mystery , but I must admit I do agree  with those who found the ending to be less thrilling than expected. It was  a bit anti- climactic and far less intriguing than the bulk of the text. I  would still recommend this novel to anyone, for the majority of the story  is quite fascinating. :)
0156711427|4.0|I have just finished reading this book in my Indian Lit class, and although it was a challenging read, it was satisfying, and well worth the effort. Forster gives us unbiased, amazing descriptions, as well as  mystical and mysterious adventures in ancient caves. This does not fall  into the &quot;good beach read&quot; category....one must concentrate,  discover, and question...the rewards are well worth your time!
B00000K3D4|5.0|I love and adore David Bowie.. even if you dont..To say this movie is just great.. is quite the understatement.  I loved this movie when it first came out I saw it, Im so glad the re release of it will let the &quot;next  generation&quot; see it. YES pun intended.. if you see the making of you  will get the pun!   Fave quote.. ~fear me, love me, do as I say, and I will  be your slave~
0792151712|5.0|I loved it. Wonderful acting, perfect setting, even great background music!
B00000JPHD|2.0|It's a great film, but the new score plays non-stop and is very distracting during the dialogue. I strongly recommend that viewers seek out the original, music-free version.
B000002KGT|5.0|I typically don't do things like this, but I found the previous review to be so off based. Rumours is a requirement for all classic rock album collections.  The album made such a major impact on music.  Arguing that  Rumours is \\"unimportant\\" and has made no impact on music is so  unbelievable.  The album smashed all records for album sales, remaining at  the number 1 position for 31 weeks and eventually, selling over 18 million  copies.  The band just recently proved they could still rock by reuniting  for a successful tour and album (By the way, I am quite sure they did not  reunite to feed themselves.  You don't sell 18 million records and starve).   This album was a landmark album because of its successful integration of  beautiful melodies, passionate lyrics and outstanding performances.  I do  think the Beatles' Sgt. Pepper was influential, but it is an album marked  with the presence of a couple of great songs woven along with, quite  frankly, a bunch of dreadful songs.  Rumours is a solid album, with every  song boasting complexity and sincerity, which is frequently found missing  in Sgt. Peppers. Also, Fleetwood Mac's influence has been acknowledged by  countless artists (everyone from Brian Wilson to Sheryl Crow to Grace Slick  to REM's Peter Buck to the Smashing Pumpkins have declared themselves to be  fans).  The band still continues to boast a strong following even 22 years  after the release of Rumours.  The album, in my opinion, will always be  listened to and will continue to influence new artists.  And I am sorry,  but Lindsey Buckingham is a far superior guitarist compared to Lennon or  Harrison.
B000001BZT|1.0|If your first exposure to Steve Earle was his acoustic, no percussion masterpiece Train A Comin', then you may want to steer clear of this anthology of his earlier work.  I was lead to this CD by friends who shared  my love for artists like Dave Grisman, Tony Rice, Emmylou Harris, Tim  O'brian, Ricky Scaggs, Sam Bush and Jerry Douglas (the kind of music Earl  patterned his pure bluegrass follow-up to Train A Comin' after).  If this  is your musical taste, and I acknowledge it's not everyone's, you should  know that Earle's pre-Train work is straight electric, rockin',  pop-country.  If you like acoustic music, start w/ Train A Comin' &amp;  don't look back.
0446525537|5.0|After borrowing all of Sparks' books from the school library, this one I have to own for my own personal library. In the character of Landon Carter, Nicholas Sparks spreads his wings. We get to see humor that is missing from  both Notebook and Message in a Bottle. While I would recommend all three  titles to people who like a good love story, I'd only recommend buying A  Walk to Remember. This departure from his normal feel-good love stories may  disappoint some of his earlier readers, but it shows versatility not seen  before and should have a greater appeal. Sadly, Oprah will probably choose  Message in a Bottle over A Walk to Remember. Sparks needs to write more  with the tongue-in-cheek one-liners. True you could see some of the outcome  flying at you, but at the same time, he leaves you on a note of curiosity.  Anyone who has ever loved another in their senior year in high school must  read this book.
0780626478|1.0|Brendan Fraser is a fine actor, as evidenced by his performance in Gods &amp; Monsters, but even his 'cute guy schtick' can't carry this utterly scriptless, witless, disappointment. The premise is fantastic and truly  interesting, but the execution is so typical of Hollywood right now--write  a script in five minutes, give the comedic actors bitchy, cleverless lines  to say, and hope the audience is dumbed down enough to think they're  watching real comedy. Yikes. The jokes are banal at best, outright lazy at  the most. Then the film tries to throw poignant parts in to the mix by  Brendan's first encounter with &quot;the ocean&quot; and he performs a  joyous dance of ecstasy while the utterly boring Alicia Silverstone  character and her irritating(very unfunny) gay guy friend looks on. Come  on. Sissy Spacek is the only genuinely funny person in this film, and this  is because her physical comedy skills are right on target. her lines are  sub-par comedy, too. All in all, an expensive, much-hyped poor excuse for  clever comedy--with a story that could have made it into something so much  better. Wake up, American film fans.
B00000K19E|2.0|The contents and performances of this movie are more alike animation than most other sci-fiction movies. It contains too many inconvincible concepts involved with the whole story, the actors' acting are plain and it is pale  comparision to other good sci-fiction movies which contain good stories and  actings.  It will be remained on my collection shelf with dust after one  time viewing !  Hey, Where is second hand shop I can sell this DVD to ?!
6302902010|1.0|I have to agree with the rest who have seen the original. Please find a way to help get the original on tape.  If Sidney is the hold up, as one of the reviews mentioned, I think he should be ashamed of himself. I've always  thought of him a one of our greatest actors, and it upsets me to think that  he would be the hold up of such a wonderful film. How he could think that  the part he played in it was menial, is beyond me!  Shame on him!  I wish  he would read this!  Please find a way to get this movie for all of us.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This album is great. Sure it's not JT, but why compare them? Just because that is the boys most commercially successful album, other albums should not be compared to it like that. JT is a great album and I love all the  songs on it. Now for Pop, the first several months after I bought the tape  (I didn't want to buy it on cd, because I was unsure about it) I listened  to it maybe three times. It has been just recently that I have fallen hard  for this album. The songs DYFL and Please just have an effect on me that is  wonderful. The lyrics on DYFL are way too sexual for me, but I love the  song because of the way it sounds. I know lyrics are the core of songs, but  for me, the way the song makes me feel, is how I judge it. Miami, IYWTVD,  and The Playboy Mansion are the ones I don't care for, but the lyrics are  outstanding. And they are growing on me. Discotheque is just plain fun!  WUDM is a beautiful plea.  The album is great. But if you're a fan that's  only comparing it to another of U2's &quot;better&quot; albums, of course  you're not going to like it. You're going in negative. That's your choice.  Do give this album the chance it deserves though. It really is great.
B000003AEB|5.0|This is a hip-hop classics. Every song is tight and isn't any weak track on this cd. This is one of the best rap albums of all time.
6303972810|5.0|What can I say--I am as enamored of this film today as I was in the 80's. I know it was sort of a bomb at the Box Office but it outshines most of the 90's blockbusters in appeal and wonder. I shall forever be a fan of Warwick  Davis--how difficult that must have been to carry an entire film upon his  small shoulders but he succeeds with amazing aplomb. What else impresses me  about this film? The locations and cinematography, the Nelwyn Village and  Nockmaar castle. I think the story is sort of a myth mishmash, but the idea  of the sour rivalry between Fin Raziel and Bavmorda is well done. Indeed,  the final battle between the two sorceresses is the best effects and  tension-filled scene in the whole flick. Jean Marsh played a most memorable  and genuinely frightening Bavmorda and Patricia Hayes is great as raziel.  Kilmer is perfect as Madmartigan and so is Whalley as Sorsha. A wondrous,  special film. It DOES deserve to be released on DVD, and given Lucas's  incredible clout, money, and the fact that this film is actually much  better than his new Star Wars piece of crap, he should get Willow  rereleased.
0790729601|5.0|Although some of the FX are rather low quality by todays standards (the alligators are just too unreal), the over-all feeling is intense.  James Cromwell's brief appearance is another notch in his belt, while Arnold has  some great scenes as well (&quot;Where is this?&quot; &quot;Earth.  Welcome!&quot;).  Vanessa Williams has definately shed the beauty queen  image with her smart acting style and she looks better than ever.  James  Caan is easy to hate in this movie as you'll find out early on.  And don't  forget Robert Pastorelli!  He can jump-start any movie.  James Coburn adds  class as the head of WitSec.  The DVD does lack features that many would  love to see, such as behind-the-scenes footage, commentary, etc.  I have  been a fan of Arnold since the first Conan movie and always look forward to  his next feature, but this one was beyond my expectations.  Definitely a  great deal!
B000002UV9|5.0|Why is it that whenever critics compile those ever-popular &quot;Best Albums&quot; lists, this record never seems to make the cut as one of the decade's best?  Queensryche was Seattle's first great band of the 90's, and  Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, and company owe them a lot. &quot;Empire&quot;  has no weak moments, and only die-hard Queensryche fans will, ironically, diss  it as being &quot;too commercial&quot;. OK, so &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot; got  overplayed on the radio, but this is one of Rock history's great guitar records.  No guitar attack has ever sounded like this. &quot;Jet City Woman&quot;  explodes out of the speakers, and Geoff Tate's voice rips throughout. This is  one of Rock's great unappreciated albums.  Buy it.
0395759242|4.0|Books dealing with a broad topic such as colonialism are difficult to get right.  Hochschild comes close.  By concentrating on one man, King Leopold, he puts a face on the driving force of evil greed that was the Belgian  Congo policy.  He was right to point out that Leopolds deeds were sadly not  unique.  While reading the book it was easy to be lulled into a feeling of  &quot;Oh long ago those Belgians were bad to the Africans.&quot;   Thankfully the author recounts the recent policy of the USA in dealing with  the kleptocrat Mobutu and one realises to parphrase the late Congressman  Bono &quot;...and the beat goes on...  &quot;
6305627401|1.0|What a chance they had,what a mistake they made. I still don't know how a show so good could produce a movie so mind numbingly stupid,do yourself a favor if you like the show,stay away from the movie-it sucks real bad.
0375707972|2.0|This book was interesting but I just did not feel it was really worth my time. Not that my time is better than anyone else's but i just do not have a lot of it. My main complaint with this book is that it just seems so  unrealistic. Dont get me wrong I know that it is horrible not to be able to  read. I sure your self esteem would be rock bottom. However, I just can not  imagine anyone going to prison for almost twenty years just because they  would not admit they could not read. I also can not imagine letting someone  I knew was innocent and someone I loved or at least loved beyond comparison  at one time , go to prison. This book read like a soap opera. By the way  just because Opera recommends does not make it worthy, Although I think  very highly of Opera.
0385491026|5.0|Cat's eye is one finest piece of modern literature have ever written. I read this book for my A'levels exam and found it deals with many complex issues and metaphors of childhood  to the real world of career as an  artist. The only thing is that the heroin tend to have flashbacks anytime ,  anywhere in the entire  book. It will be a bit confusing for a reader to  skip a page or two and continue on to the next chapter.
6305470464|5.0|This movie features clever plots, great dialogue, and wonderful characters played by equally wonderful actors.  My favorite couple is Angelina Jolie and Ryan Phillipe--they are so very sweet together--but everyone is  interesting and enjoyable. PS: the soundtrack is very good too.
B00001QGPR|5.0|So many cds come out every year but so many one hit wonders who stick around for a few years and dissolve or kill themselves or think their music is it. David Bowie has been around and influenced so many musical wanna  bees. Take the time to listen to this music and if you have never listened  to David's back cataloge from the 70's don't compare his 80's commercial  peak as the word of GOD. Bowie was a force in the 70's but was content on  delivering a less commerical but more arty satisfying rock sound. We now  have a bowie that must please so many. This cd is excellent from start to  finish and was well thought out. Sure he's getting older (52) but he can  still rock and delivery the goods! I love SURVIVE, PRETTY THINGS ARE GOING  TO HELL, SOMETHING IN THE AIR, SEVEN and THURSDAYS CHILD. Take a long drive  somewhere, when time is on your side and you feel the 70's come out of this  as well as his showmanship with over 30 years, and that voice. This is his  best over all CD in over 20 years.
0440180295|5.0|Slaughterhouse Five is an anti-war novel told through a unique perspective that describes a man's life that has already happened.  As th reader, you see it as reruns witha live cast.      In Slaughterhouse Five, Kurt  Vonnegut tells the story of Billy Pilgrim.  Billy was an infantryman in  World War II.  Before and after the was, though, he went to optometry  school and became successful.      The only problems with Billy are that he  didn't experience his life in order; he is &quot;unstuck in time.&quot;   Billy walks through the front door of his home in Illium, New York, and  could walk out of a door in a German prison camp in World War II.  Billy's  other problem is that he was abducted by aliens,but no one believes him.   His daughter believes that he is insane, and so does his wife.      In  Slaughterhouse Five, Vonnegut selects a unique style to tell the story of  an exceptional man.  He tells you the story, but lets you wonder whether  Billy is a senile old man or is he a man that knows his own fate and has  learned to accept it.      Slaughterhouse Five is written to let the reader  use his own imagination and also acheives Vonnegut's of being an anti-war  novel.  It's sister story, Mother Night, is also suggested reading if you  enjoyed this book, which I can safely say you will.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie has to be one of the most thoughful movies made in the last ten years.  The writing has incredible nuance.  The acting is excellent.  The attention to detail is a pleasure to watch.  Having studied philosophy, I  can tell you that this movie is what Descarte was talking about when he  said that he could just be a brain in a vat and the evil genius is just  imputing impulses into his brain.  The final realization reminds me of  Kant's Critique of Pure Reason.  If you are not familiar with the major  themes of modern philosophy, this movie is just a sci-fi action film.  If  you know the issues underlying the story, you see that this movie deftly  delivers on multiple levels.
B0000296SI|5.0|this is pretty cool.you should get it.bckstreet bys stin
0671027344|5.0|This book was amazingly true. It flowed and had witty technique along the lines. I, myself, am a 13 year old and I related to this book as much as I related to 'The Catcher in the Rye' which is my all-time favorite. Charlie  in 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' is the stereotype of a teenager. He's  scared and comfortable at the same time in his changing surroundings. His  life is so many other teens' everyday exsistance. I would recommend this  book to adolescents or parents with teenage children. Some of it might  surprise you but you will soon realize that the book is hardly fiction and  that the 90s come with a price.
B00001IVOR|4.0|Great beats and lyrics but there is to many tracks that don't have to be on the cd. The best song is reunited, i love the beat.
B00001ODHH|1.0|The VHS Widescreen version of this movie is edited from the original movie.  There's all kinds of nips and tucks throughout the movie, the &quot;little Ash'es&quot; scene was cut in half, for instance.  AoD is a  great movie, but don't buy the VHS Widescreen version if you want to see  all of it.  I have no idea whether the other VHS and DVD releases are  butchered similarly.
079073804X|5.0|I there is a DVD to buy... its this one. The remastering is perfect, the menu and all the crap on it is a full days worth of entertainment. There is so much information, that one can see how much blood sweat and tears went  into every aspect of this film from start to finish. The adaptation from  the book is great too. I recommend reading the book too... This is truly  the scariest movie/book ever made. This movie is not recommended for  someone who is deeply Christain. You'll have nightmares for like 2 weeks.=)
B000001F45|5.0|Although it is slightly less polished than Demons and Wizards, The Magician's Birthday album continues in the same vein and gives more evidence of why this band continues to have a large cult following today.  Keyboardist Ken Hensley tends to dominate this record more than Demons, and  it is full of the moody, introspective ballads that would characterize his  solo album of this time, Proud Words on a Dusty Shelf. However, there are a  few lively tunes here just to keep things from getting too mellow. These  include the concert standby &quot;Sweet Lorraine&quot; and the title track,  taking a cherubic &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot;-like approach and  highlighted by a remarkable Hendrix-like solo from Mick Box. An approach  that only the most pretentious Ivy-league types could find fault with. If  you have Demons and Wizards and liked it, you'll definitely want to check  this one out as well.
079070546X|5.0|My family is sure to include this in our count down to christmas celebration!!e mail me if you're interested about this celebration!!
B000000IV0|5.0|This is the single best CD ever made.  I first heard it when I was 10 years old, and I loved it.  I'm now 18 and in college, and it seems to have gotten better with the years.  Unlike some of these terrible little bands  out now (aka Smash Mouth, Matchbox 20), this CD actually made a difference.   &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; is a modern day classic, as well as  the rest of the album.  Anyone who doesn't like this album is dead from the  neck up, and from the waist down.
B000008H1Y|4.0|If you're a Jethro Tull fan, this compilation is a must for your collection. If you're not, then this cd may change your mind.    &quot;Songs From The Wood&quot; requires careful listening: Tull is a  master at storytelling. The tracks range from the playful  (&quot;Jack-In-The-Green) to the diabolically twisted (&quot;Velvet  Green&quot;). And although Jethro Tull is noted for their whimsical flute  arrangements, hard-driving guitar enthusiasts won't be disappointed  (&quot;Pibroch&quot;). The nine songs on this cd fit together nicely, and  showcase Tull's unbelievable range of talent. So the next time you're in  the mood to curl up with a good book, curl up with this cd instead. It's  been in my collection in one way, shape, or form since 1978, and it's still  as timeless today as it was then. Do yourself a favor. Buy it.
6300268993|5.0|Though not quite as good as the first film in the series, it is a close second. The final battle between Superman and the Phantom Zone villians is one of the best battle scenes ever filmed. If only Richard Donner would  have completed the film, it would have surpassed the original. As it is, it  comes pretty darn close.
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix is undoubtedly one of the most innovative and enjoyable movies of this decade.  With its out-of-this-world special effects and amazing sets and of course the splendid cast, the movie is easily enrolled into the  sci-fi hall of fame with classics like Blade Runner and Terminator.  The  Matrix will be a model for future sci-fi flicks.
6303212263|5.0|1978's &quot;Superman-the Movie&quot; has heart and soul, which is something that modern, mechanical effects driven films lack. Sure, &quot;Godzilla&quot; and &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; are technical marvels,  but they are soulless and strained. Richard Donner's masterpiece is the  ultimate Comic Book movie, filled with the same sense of magic and wonder  that we all remember from reading Superman and Batman comic books from our  childhood. Christopher Reeve is STILL Superman, and the John Williams score  is perhaps his best. This is one underrated film, but a newly restored  version is being worked on now, and it will then receive the accolades it  always deserved. It's always had a special place in the hearts of  filmgoers; it's about to be rediscovered as the masterpiece that it is.
0425152251|5.0|After seeing the musical, i knew i had to read this book. It seems like the author had little time to finish the book at the end, but what a masterpiece up til then. Gives great insight to earlier philosphy.
0790731002|3.0|Joel Schumacher is the wrong guy for the job, but this third film in the series is ok, due to the fact that it was still trying to stay true to the spirit of Tim Burton. Kilmer is an acceptable Batman, and Nicole Kidman has  never looked better. Chris O'Donnell is good as Robin, and the Special  Effects are well done. Jim Carrey scores as the  Riddler, but the film's  greatest flaw is the treatment of Two Face. The most tragic of all Batman  villians, he is turned into a clown here. Tommy Lee Jones is a fine actor,  and he could have played the part of Two Face as envisioned by creator Bob  Kane. Instead, Schumacher(and the script) turn him into nothing more than a  goon, a  henchman for the much brainer Riddler. Also, Eliot Goldenthal's  score is acceptable, but nothing compared to the operatic, Wagnerian music  of Danny Elfman in the first two films. Pretty good, but not to be compared  to the first two films(though better than the disaster that was to come).
6304675348|3.0|Anyone who is willing to think about it can pretty much figure out what is going to happen next, although the end is a little less predictable.  I wouldn't call Scream &quot;the best movie of the century&quot; by any  means, but it is still an enjoyable movie to watch.
B000002UVZ|4.0|A maddeningly difficult album to pin down; some of it sounds as casual as parts of Reckoning--&quot;These Days&quot; &quot;What if..&quot; &quot;Just  a Touch,&quot;; some of it as complex as Murmur--&quot;Fall on Me,&quot;  &quot;Flowers,&quot; &quot;Hyena&quot;; some of it as direct as  Document--&quot;Begin,&quot; &quot;Cuyahoga,&quot; &quot;I Believe,&quot;;  one as off-the-wall as Fables--&quot;Swan&quot;. Plus the added novelty  goofs of &quot;Superman&quot; and &quot;Bunker,&quot; to lighten the mood.  A fitting farewell to their early insular, regional, quirky slumbers. Some  early reviews of this album were harsh; see the 4th ed. of the Trouser  Press Guide for Ira Robbins' dissection, or the RS Guide.  After Fables,  LRP  got lumped with its predecessor's introversion. Listening to it 13  years on, it does anticipate the expansive, carefully integrated, and  separated sound of their later records of the next decade. Radio friendly,  hmm? But &quot;These Days,&quot; What If&quot; and &quot;Just&quot; fail to  rise above the simply good--they sound too rushed.  They leave an overall  whoosh, but little substance. &quot;Swan&quot; is a love-or-hate it song;  &quot;Flowers&quot; and &quot;Cuyahoga&quot; improve with age;  &quot;Begin&quot; and &quot;Hyena&quot; anticipate their arena-rock forays.  So, while I'd disagree with those who rank LRP among REM's top two or three  albums, it'd place respectably. Many moments are redeemed even in their  sluggish moments by filigrees of a harmonium, pings of percussion, haunted  vocals; inverted harmonies compete with beefy guitars and that booming  mid-80's drum sound (remember Don Gehman produced--of John C. Mellonball  fame). So, a fine performance that reveals more upon repeated listenings.  Even the radio saturation of &quot;Fall&quot; hasn't diminished its beauty,  and &quot;I Believe&quot; stands among their very best songs, propelled  along like one of their old live sets into swirling, jaunty, spinning  threads of joy. Gospel for those of us who don't quite believe. P.S. : In  my REM reviews on amazon.com, I've voted as critics do in the All-Music  Guide or Colin Larkin's Encyclopedia of Popular Music: I rate a group's  records against each other. Two stars for REM doesn't equal two stars for  Flock of Seagulls, ok? Got it? Murmur=5 stars, Monster=1 1/2, all else  falls for me in between, and I wish half-stars counted here in our  individual ratings...thus: 3 1/2 starss of joy. Gospel for those of us who don't quite believe. P.S. : In  my REM reviews on amazon.com, I've voted as critics do in the All-Music  Guide or Colin Larkin's Encyclopedia of Popular Music: I rate a group's  records against each other. Two stars for REM doesn't equal two stars for  Flock of Seagulls, ok? Got it? Murmur=5 stars, Monster=1 1/2, all else  falls for me in between, and I wish half-stars counted here in our  individual ratings...thus: 3 1/2 stars
0553266306|5.0|This book is a very good thriller. Even though written a while ago, it did not age. The atmosphere is very realistic and I have been amazed to see how well a foreign writer could describe the atmosphere of France in the 60's.  So, another Forsyth to add on your list.
B000002TYK|5.0|This CD really blows you away. From the multi-talented Dave Grohl to Pat Smear, this CD has great guitar, innovative drum beats, and catchy sing-along tunes that will keep you loving it forever! I love this CD. Some  of my favorites are &quot;Alone + Easy Taget,&quot; &quot;I'll Stick  Around,&quot; and &quot;This Is A Call.&quot; Keep on rockin,' Foo!
0679416781|5.0|I loved this book and think that it's probably one of the best I've ever read. It's engrossing and the characters are beautifull portrayed and not superficial like many popular characters. As seniors in high school, myself  and two friends found ourselves completely in this book. It's brilliant,  the story of Katherine and the patient, Hana and Kip, and Carravaggio! This  is one of the finest pieces of literature ever written!
6305297525|5.0|I hired this film after reading the Richard Matheson book . I avoided seeing this in the cinema due to the poor reviews it had . What a mistake ! It is a wonderful, sensitive, colourful masterpiece. Robin Williams again  turns in a superb performance, and Annabella Sciorra lights up the screen  every time she smiles.There is an old saying about some films &quot;Nobody  likes it except the public&quot;, so see this film and judge for yourself,  ignore the negative reviews.
0783225857|5.0|There will never be another movie like it, whether that be because of the world we live in now and that movies are judged upon how much money they make the studio and not really on content. &quot;To kill a  mockingbird&quot; would probably flop if released today, no violence, no  nudity, just a beautifully told story. Everything about this classic is  unsurpassed including direction and stunning acting, see this movie just  for the amazing Gregory Pecks perfomance if nothing else.It's hard to  believe that the children in this movie were just that, children. The  acting shown by young &quot;Scout Finch&quot; throughout this movie is of  Oscar calabre. A movie like this does only come along once in a lifetime.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd is by far the best by RHCP. It is a classic, and should be held in the same respect as BLOOD SUGAR SEX MAGIC. CALIFORNICATION marks a new era in their career. Many of the songs are more rock-based than funk-based. It  has many of their best songs on it, such as the record-breaking &quot;Scar  Tissue&quot;, plus &quot;Around The World&quot;, &quot;Otherside&quot;, and  &quot;Californication&quot;. It just should be in every person's cd  collection.
B00000JPH4|5.0|this movie is one of my favorite movies of all time and will recommend it to anyone with a love for fantasy and sci-fi. imagination.  i'm only 13 and i've been watching this movie since maybe i was 5 or 6  off this  pre-recorded video that my parents taped off the tv.  all i can say is get  this movie, it's worth the money.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Californication is no BloodSugar, but it is a great album.  While it is filled with a lot of great tracks (Parallel Universe, Scar Tissue, This Velvet Glove), it has tracks that really don't go anywhere (Get on Top, I  Like Dirt).  I really like the album, but its not going to hold up as a  classic.  The Peppers are still unique and this album is definitely worth  listening to.
6304406096|4.0|Never Say Never Again is essentially a remake of Thunderball.  Same story line, cast names (mostly), same basic idea.  Except truly the films are totally different.  Connery returns as James Bond for the finally time, and  with him he brought a film which has been widely criticized as being a bad  example for a James Bond film.  How can you have a James Bond film without  a James Bond Theme or an opening gun barrel?  They could at least have had  an opening cross hair or a pre-title sequence.  When you look at it, many  consider it an action film starring Sean Connery, whose name happens to be  James Bond.  Never Say Never Again is an interesting film to see,  unfortunately, currently, those who haven't seen it probably won't.  <br />     The history of the film goes back to the 1950's when Bond author Ian  Fleming teamed up with Kevin McClory to work on a screenplay.  The  screenplay never fell through, so Ian Fleming took the ideas from the  screenplay and wrote the novel Thunderball.  Kevin McClory saw a version of  the novel, sued and eventually won the rights to the book.  McClory then  teamed up with Albert R. Broccoli and Harry Saltzman to produce the film  Thunderball.  The terms would be that McClory would give up his rights for  10 years and he would then be allowed to remake the film.  18 years later  Never Say Never Again was born<br />    So that is why Never Say Never Again  is like that.  Why it is so different from the other Bond films.  007 fans  are split in half when it comes to accepting or not accepting it in the  Bond family.  The future of Never Say Never Again lies in the hands of MGM  now.  So it is up to them weather or not it will ever see the light of day  Again.<br />I ask that MGM strongly look into re-releasing this title.  What  better way to get back at McClory then to make money off of something he  fought so hard to make.<br />Also Kevin McClory I think you should put to rest  your future Bond plans.  You had your chance to make aBond film, you did  it, its over.  Stop fighting so hard and enjoy the Bond films that are  coming out.<br />Come on re-release this title.
B000002BFZ|4.0|Just in case you don't know this, When the cd cover is totally folded out, all the little pictures form one big picture.  I just found this out after three years.  And I thought I was a fan!
B0000296SI|5.0|Who else would even think about running around naked in their videos? Need I say more!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|On a Friday night in September my girlfriend decided that she wanted to rent a scary movie and relax on the couch for the evening.  I, thinking I've seen all the good ones, go to 5 different video stores and ask the  counter clerk what the best horror film in the place was.  4 of the 5  walked past The Exorcist, Friday the 13th, and all the other crazily  successful horror films and straight to The Evil Dead. I couldn't believe  that 4 of 5 movie clerks picked a movie I had never seen.  I obviously  rented it and wow!!  It has it all...humor, surprises, gore, and cheesy  acting. (Cheesy acting is key to a good horror flick) If you haven't seen  this one, GET IT!!  You won't be disappointed.
B00000ICD9|1.0|Reviewing DVD only.  Largely out of focus amazingly poor quality film - to digital transfer.<br />Movie itself almost as bad.  Very disjointed.
0783228317|5.0|This is a movie that was so good, i rewound the tape &amp; watched it again all in one sitting.Johnny Depp plays the roll of his life as a totally believable Hunter S. Thompson.This is now my favorite flic.I only  wish it could of been made into a 6 or more hour movie to capture more  detail as to what all went on.
B00001IVOR|4.0|This is the best Wu-tang album. It is a far cry from the gritty production and lyrics of 36 chambers. It surpasses the raw image and gains some focus. A hard task to do with 10 members in the egotistical hip hop industry.  Despite some conflicting views, this album has some messages within that  are worth the search.
B00000ILDF|3.0|To the writers of this movie -- how did an egg get laid in the hypersleep chamber room? The queen alien in &quot;Aliens&quot; got into the cargo bay of the mothership by hanging onto the shuttle departing the planet. She was  then promptly ejected into outer space after an intense battle with Ripley  operating the robot (I don't remember exactly what the piece of equipment  was called but it moves like a robot). The queen was NEVER in the  hypersleep chamber room and I don't believe there was any other way the egg  could have gotten in there. There were better ways to kill Ripley. Other  than this terrible excuse for an AIDS metaphor it was a pretty good movie.
B000000W71|5.0|At the time I heard a band in Lanzarote play &quot;I've still got the blues for you&quot; I realised Just how much I loved my girlfriend Lisa who wasn't with me at the time I loved the album and had to buy it when I got  back and I also had to get Lisa back......and I did. I believe the words of  the first track helped me win her back.thank you Gary for more than just an  album!! Yes I sent Lisa a tape of the album in my efforts to get her back
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is truly the greatest DVD I have ever seen and bought!! Its a very complete DVD with many extra's, behind the scenes, audio comentary, music only track etc! The only thing I miss on this DVD is the Theatrical  trailer...<br />A true DVD to demonstrate the power of your Dolby Digital  set!!
B00000JCB2|1.0|This is so bad,that somebody could not pay me money to buy this disc. Well maybe if it was the amount.In the end I say: don't buy it. If your one of those who has no individualidy (which is spelled wrong), then you might  consider buying it.
6300247120|5.0|Okay, I am a teenager who only watched this movie because I was bored.  But about ten mintutes into it I was laughing so hard!  This movie has humour, romance, and great biking scenes.  My Dad says every serious biker  has watched this movie.  But I think anybody looking for a great movie  should definently watch this!
B000002GWJ|5.0|Even if there had been only the title song recorded this CD would have deserved the highest rating. Blue Valentine releases more adrenaline to my  blood then anything else in this world. Listening to CLOSING TIME or SMALL  CHANGE  makes you think T.W. is talented. BLUE VALENTINES assures you he is  a GENIUS...
6305470448|2.0|Blah, blah, blah, words, words, words. That's all this movie is filled with.  I cannot fathom the fact that this won best picture!!!!!!!!!!!! What were they thinking?  The movie was run of the mill and on top of that  really, really BOREING. <br />The worst part of the film for me was the way  Gweneth was supposed to be a man.  I actually &quot;forgot&quot; at certain  times that she was in drag, and supposed to be playing a man.  That's how  unconvincing it was to me.  You mean to tell me none of those guys actually  knew &quot;he&quot; was a &quot;she&quot;.  At least make it real for the  audience! And this won best picture!?! And as for Judi Dench's performance?  Certainly not an oscar worthy.  Her costume acted circles around her!<br />All  and all, this movie was a tasteless as a scone.
B0000019PA|5.0|The first time I heard this album I was so transfixed that I completely forgot about the food I had cooking on the stove, and I nearly burned my apartment up.  This is one of the sweetest-sounding pieces of music I have  ever been so blessed to hear.  I can't think of many other albums that I  can listen to 4 times through, and still feel like putting on for a fifth  time.  Everyone here has mentioned how amazing the songs, &quot;Two-Headed  Boy&quot; and &quot;Holland 1945&quot; are, and I agree with them  completely.  For me though, it is the title song.  I know that it is not  nearly as musically diverse as the rest of the album, but it's one the  greatest love songs I know of, and it just sends me into fits of ecstasy.   <br />For those people who have judged this album based on their opinion that  Jeff Mangum &quot;can't sing&quot; - I feel really sorry for you and for  your sake, I hope that Celine Dion hurries up with her new album.
6303913881|4.0|I view \\"Showgirls\\" more as comedy than anything else. The dialogue and the acting are so over the top it is hilarious. I cannot help but crack up everytime Nomi says or does anything. She is so JITTERY and such a spazz. I think Elizabeth Berkley did an incredible job playing her though. I don't know if she meant to overact or if that's how she wanted to portray the character? Just watching her explode and go on tirade after tirade is enough to make you laugh. Gina \\"it's holy water\\" Gershon on the other hand is awesome in this movie. I absloutely love her character.  She plays such a wonderful evil [person].   And just the way she totally screws with Nomi's mind is so devious and cool!!! \\"Come on slave girl\\" she utters to Nomi while they are on stage together, and Nomi is just a wreck at this point.......pathetically hilarious.  Part of the fun of \\"Showgirls\\" are the classic one liners.  \\"I hate Garth Brooks\\"! as she pulls her switchblade on the guy who just picked her up hitchiking.  I've never seen someone so passionate about their taste in music.....except Nomi.   We love ya girl!
B0000000LI|5.0|simply can't be put into words.....ppl who criticise this work of art just don't know what music is, and shud refrain from their inane comments.
0375707972|3.0|I liked the beginning and end.  The middle didn't keep me very interested
B00000K19E|5.0|There's no denying the huge significance of this George Orwell-inspired movie. It is probably the best movie of 1999 (perhaps exceeded only by Star Wars). Of course, it will be one of the ultimate classics of the 90's.  However, claiming that The Matrix is the best movie ever is a little  farfetched. It is probably better than Rocky, A Clockwork Orange and Dances  With Wolves. But is it better than Singin' In the Rain, It's A Wonderful  Life and Gone With the Wind? That question is for you to answer. However, I  personally believe that it is not. Nevertheless, I love the picture and  plan to see it at least ten times within three years. Looking forward to  part II and III...
B00000K19E|5.0|When I saw this movie in the theater, I was blown away - great story, tense action, super-cool villian (thank you Hugo Weaving!), and awesome sfx.  I knew I had to have this on DVD.  I wasn't disappointed.  Running  this disk through a DTS home theater system at a decent volume scared my  neighbors.  The fight sequence in the Federal Building alone made me wonder  if the police might show up at my door.  Great movie and best DVD for  &quot;wowing&quot; your friends with those old VCRs!
B00001MXWX|4.0|What do I mean by mysterious? well let me explain...... all of the Star Treks series have mostly had a who-dunnit and/or why are they doing it to start with. At first you don't know why the Sona are spying on these people  but as any mystery goes, it gets solved in the end. Great special effects  and superb writing, as usual.
B0000029DD|5.0|With covers of Leonard Cohen and Nina Simone tunes (\\"Hallelujah\\" and \\"Lilac Wine\\", respectively) and a song by Benjamin Britten, amid the power of Buckley's own songwriting efforts, this album reveals a talent that deserved more critical attention and a much wider audience.<br />That the promise of Jeff Buckley's talent remained unfulfilled--due to his accidental death--does not detract from the fact that Grace stands on its own as an amazing, utterly *amazing* album.
B000000YG5|5.0|It just doesn't get much better than this, folks. From the moment I heard the catchy calypso beat of &quot;St. Thomas&quot;--a reflection of Sonny's West Indian origins--I was hooked.  The fact that this song is a standard,  but still sounded fresh and new on this recording, made it all the better.   The next three tracks are great jazz music too, with Sonny's band playing  tightly together, but then comes the tour de force, the unbelievable  &quot;Blue 7.&quot;  Refreshingly, this piece runs to eleven minutes not  because Sonny and drummer Max Roach noodle mindlessly, but because they  know exactly where they're going, and are skillful enough to take their  time gettng there.  Buy this CD!!!
0684867621|5.0|As a Redsox fan, I definitely liked this book.  And you will really enjoy it if you are a New Englander and a fan of his work.  Who cares if itt wasnt a horror story with someones head getting decapitated.  And if you  think getting lost in the woods is no big deal for a book and is overused,  go walk deep into the New England woods and see if you can find a way back.  Im sorry, this was a great book about courage, a great chiller, you can  feel what she feels, and a great book about America's pastime, and my  favorite team.
B000002UTY|4.0|In my opinion, you don't have to be high or stupid to question the prevailing wisdom that rock songs must never go over the old 45-rpm dictated length of 3-4 minutes.  Does anyone really believe that &quot;Hey  Jude&quot; would be a better song if it had ended before the Nah-nah-nahs  started?  On the other hand, since the 1960's, there has been no shortage  of tiresome noodling by rock musicians convinced (falsely) they were  Ornette Coleman or Niccolo Paganini.  QMS's famous cover of &quot;Who Do  You Love,&quot; which dominates this album, falls into this category, but  still has sections that more than make up for the lack of editing.  If the  ten minutes or so in the middle can drive a discerning listener up the wall  (a friend who plays guitar once listened to this album with me, and  somewhere around the twelfth minute he remarked, &quot;Do you realize that  all they're doing is sliding their fingers up and down the guitar  neck?&quot;) its opening rocks, and rocks hard, with genuine tension and  release. The next section, largely guitar solo, is genuinely skilled  without being pretentious--a rare combination in rock.  What makes QMS  still listenable is that, unlike other San Francisco bands, they never  forgot how to rock, and while they may have dreamed of Coleman and  Paganini, they did so without ever quite detatching from good,  old-fashioned Chuck Berry. Side Two, with its more succinct Bo Diddley  cover (&quot;Mona&quot;) and its funny ending (which beat Van Halen to the  punch by ten years) is, if anything, even better.
B000002BSV|5.0|Those of you who do not have this album in your collection are depriving yourselves of a sublime experience.  Simply put, &quot;Coming Up&quot; is a superlative album from beginning to end.  If you are curious as to what a  &quot;perfect&quot; song sounds like, then listen to &quot;The Chemistry  Between Us.&quot;  Buy this album, you'll thank me later.
B000002KKD|5.0|The B's could barely play their instruments when they made this but it doesn't matter. This is a great album. These people knew how to write dance music with an oddball twist that make them as endearing as a lava lamp.  It's primitive, campy, and wonderful.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill has successfully combined hip-hop &amp; R&amp;B to forge a path that easily understand and accessible to all those who care to partake in truths that trasend class, culture, time &amp; space. She has acheived  what no other woman in the genre of hip-hop have been unable to do.  She  does not engage in unnecessary name calling, nor the debasement of the  sexes.  She has without questioned presented the not so familiar side of  hip-hop, the longing for love, being in love, spiritual enlightment and the  continuous development of the human spirit
B000002OOY|5.0|When Williams is put in his prime area of music he soars higher than any other.  Here we see another version of his undying ability to engross us in a film.  From the subtle things to the large bombastic cues everything in  this soundtrack is a joy.
B000002J1F|5.0|YES:FRAGILE - The release of their fourth album sees another change in personnel that, at the same time, facilitates yet another expansion in the band's repertoire and technical amplitude. They are now Jon  Anderson(vocals), Chris Squire(bass), Bill Bruford(percussion), Steve  Howe(guitars) and finally Rick Wakeman(replacing Tony Kaye) joins the fold  injecting a slick but cultivated savour throughout the arrangements, thus  bringing to a conclusion the evolution of a classic YES line-up. The album  contrasts five shorter individual impressions(an idea that I suspect is an  expansion on the success of Steve Howe's solo effort from THE YES ALBUM  previously)with four generally longer group collaborations. The solo works  are clever but not exhaustive examples of each member's virtuosity and  encompass themes from the overtly academic to the abstract and sublime,  including an inspiring example of Steve Howe's musical accomplishment,  &quot;Mood For A Day&quot;. The four group collaborations are superbly  crafted pieces that display impeccable musicianship circumscripted around  stimulating arrangements that ebb and flow, are now melodious and now  abstruse, that surge to powerful crescendos before suddenly subsiding, an  engrossing experience for the listener. The Anderson vocals and YES  harmonies are once again lush, graceful and majestic, highlighting an  increasingly metaphysical lyric base that, in me, evoked feelings of  elation and insecurity while building on a themes of earthly and universal  affiliation. Whatever the meaning of these lyrics they all warrant intense  discussion and debate. Overall FRAGILE has a palpable artistic flavour that  counterpoints with intense, importunate group collusions giving the  impression that the band is moving in a more ambitious and adventurous  direction. In contrast to THE YES ALBUM, with its slightly more accessible  slant, FRAGILE is perhaps a little more abstract and difficult but is  nevertheless an essential inclusion in any progressive library. Rod.
6302800420|4.0|This movie won't upset fans at all it has everything from humor to to parts that will make you cry. It was altogether a great movie. Lange isn't as great as people say she is. I don't think she deserved an oscar. But  never mind that. She still did a good job. Hoffman did an awesome job. If  any one deserved an oscar it was him. The movie came out great it was nice  to see a prow copy. All I had was a ten year old HBO tape.
B00000JCOV|5.0|this cd rules!! slipknot is definately one of, if not the, best new metal bands. i've been waiting a long time for a really good metal band to come out, and here they are. if you love heavy metal, this album will not  dissapoint you.
B000006FNX|4.0|It has a stupid title. but honestly I think its better than the origional Thunderball. Actually its a remake of it. Kim Basinger did a wonderful job as &quot;Domino&quot;. I liked how the director toyed with the fact that  James Bond is older than he was in the 60's. It all together turned out to  be a wild, thrilling, action packed Connery film.
6301025083|5.0|It's pretty hard to explain what is so great about the story in the film. I think what attracts me to the film is the way I can relate to the story in so many inexplicable ways. The weave of dream sequences, to the past, to  the present in this film is perfect! On top of that, if you appreciate  movies shot in black and white then this one is a must. You will be  impressed with the aesthetic quality and the story of this film right from  the start. Also, if you like this film then definetly see  &quot;Stardust&quot; memories.
6301966988|5.0|A fromantic yet classic tale of what true love means. Fans of Swayze will not be disappointed. Demi Moore was good. But Whoopi Goldberg was the best! She definutely deserved the oscar she won for this thriller and romance  tale. this one is a big tear jerker.
B00001U03Q|1.0|How many times can Mr Clapton (try to) rape his fans by offering up the same tired, repackaged music.  This set is especially offensive as it compiled all of the MOR product this former guitar great has thrown at us  in the last decade or so.  Great for soccer moms to blast from their SUVs,  just a huge disappointment for the rest of us.
B000002H6C|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST ALBUM THAT I HAVE EVER HEARD!  METALICA HAS A WAS OF COMBINING  R E A L MUSIC WITH MIND BLOWING LYRICS AND THE FINAL RESULT IS LIKE AN OPERA!! (EXCEPT YOU WONT FALL ASLEEP) DEFINATLY DESEARVS MUCH  RESPECT, THEY BROUGHT BACK REAL MUSIC ,  NOT SCREAMING !
6305587159|5.0|I thought this Star Trek movie had it all.  Action, humor, GREAT special effects, and even a love story.  In my opinion, this is by far the best Star Trek movie to have the Star Trek: The Next Generation cast in it.   This movie is more in the style of Star Trek: The Next Generation, than  Star Trek: First Contact was.  This movie is one the whole family can  enjoy.  It's non-gory, and still has a good, refreshing story.  If you want  a good Star Trek movie, I highly recommend this movie:)
0380778556|2.0|This book is very dry, and dull until you reach chapter 22, then it gets more intersting.  But unless you want to read that much, I don't recamand this book.
B000002UVZ|5.0|&quot;Begin the Begin&quot; kicks off one of the best rock albums ever, and that song may be REM's best.  Every song is great...even the hidden one!  I don't usually comment on these boards, but this one has forced me  to let others know about this CD!  Typical Stipe lyrics mixed with Buck's  pounding...just get it already!!!  You won't be sorry!
0156907399|5.0|Literature is the key word here. If you're just looking for a good story, stick to the bestseller lists. This book, like all real literature, &quot;pushes the light of ... language a bit further against darkness&quot;  (E. M. Forster). Open your mind; give it a chance-- 50 pages at least. It  is a transcendent experience!
6305627401|5.0|Those geniuses Matt and Trey have done it again!  This film manages to take the biting self-parody which is South Park to new heights.  Somehow, the longform medium of feature film seems almost a superior canvas for  these artists' cardboard cut out &quot;painting&quot; to the weekly 23  minutes they get on Comedy Central.  No group, sacred cow or religious  belief is spared in &quot;Bigger, longer and Uncut&quot;.  It'll have the  most ardent anti-South Park bunch even rethinking their position as, by  about the first 30 minutes of the film, even THEY get the joke!
0783235666|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock is the greatest movie director of all time. Period. He directed so many masterpieces that is hard to choose his best movie, but i think &quot;The Birds&quot; deserves the title. This movie is unbelievable.  Its a nightmare put into celluloid. For those who think that the special  effects of the movie are dated, i like to say that this is not a  &quot;realistic&quot; movie. This movie is about the unpredictability and  the fragility of life. Its a fantastic display of images and sounds -  Hitch uses the silence brilliantly here. A masterpiece.
B00000J2KT|1.0|I was sadly disappointed by this film.  The acting was weak, the scenes predictable, and the soundtrack disappointing.  For a &quot;shorter&quot; movie, I found this painfully long and simplistic.  &quot;Deer Hunter&quot;  is time much better spent.
B00001U03Q|5.0|I think this compilation shows the incredible diversity of Clapton. It includes the hard driving &quot;She's Waiting&quot; to the soulful ballads &quot;Tears in Heaven&quot; and &quot;Father's Eyes&quot;. What a  remarkable career!! He has given us some of the greatest music of the rock  era. I admire his ability to adjust and change as he grows older. Remember,  he isn't 25 and jammin with Ginger Baker. I hope he keeps bringing us his  brilliant music for many years.
014028009X|5.0|I really liked this book - so funny, so smart, and so real.  If you are looking for something a little on the lighter side and want to be entertained - this is it.
B0000004V2|5.0|On first listening to this album I was blown away with its intense individuality of sound and its mind blowing sucession of excellency, track after track. There truly never has been nor will there ever again be an  album which surpasses the magnificence of this, the greatest album ever.
068484267X|5.0|A review this short could never do justice to Mr. McCourt's story. It is tragic, funny, and completely honest, and most amazing of all, based on the author's actual childhood.  Told from a child's perspective, it is a  sometimes brutally honest view of the world and human imperfections, and  yet it never descends into bathos, never becomes judgemental nor  condemnatory.<br />The storyteller is Frankie, an old soul of a child,  grappling with the deprivation and strange magic of poverty in Ireland. Mr.  Mc Court leads the reader by the hand quite matter-of-factly, weaves his  spell, and doesn't let go until the end. <br />The abject poverty of Frankie's  childhood Ireland will shake up the complacent reader. Living in the  Philippines I can identify somewhat with the desperate living conditions  that Frankie lived through. A searingly honest wake-up call.
0671578278|5.0|I would not recommend this book as a starting point for those who have not read any of the other volumes in the Vorkosigan saga.  At the minimum you should read the previous book, Komar.  But for those who, like me, have  read all the previous books (in my case several times)I don't see how this  book can fail to entertain.  Although it has very little action (one brief  gunbattle with stun guns, it is highly entertaining in all other respects.   I laughed out loud so many times I lost count, and there were occasionally  tears in my eyes that I could not ascribe to the laughter.  If you know and  love Miles, his friends, and his family, you can't help but be amused and  moved by this story.  My only complaint is that now I have to wait untold  months before another volume of the saga comes out.  Meanwhile I will go  back and reread the entire series from start to finish once more.  And  here's hoping ImpSec is keeping close watch to make sure nothing stops the  delightful Ms. Bujold from the swift completion of the next book, and the  next, and...
0800193334|5.0|My entire family loved this movie -- mom, dad, daughter age 9, son age 6-1/2, and daughter age 3-1/2.  (Although it's a little too scary in parts for the 3-year-old).  After renting the video, we had to buy a copy to  keep.  The movie is way better than the book.
6305562474|5.0|It doesn't get any better than this, this has it all; flawless performances, a perfectly crafted script, and Glenn Close!
0440224764|5.0|Although I'd read this book well over a year ago, I still remember the thrill of turning each and every page. This is the best Grisham book to date and I've read them all and will continue to read his books until the  day he puts his pen down...heaven forbid!  I can't say enough great things  about this book. I recommend it to everyone. At work, several people have  read it and we still discuss the book to this day. Way to go, John.  Looking forward to your next one as always!
B00001P4RI|3.0|I have to admit, anything he would have done would be a letdown after the brilliance of his contributions to Dead Can Dance, but this cd is a real downer. I have always been a huge fan of his voice, and he does not  disapoint there, but these songs lack something. Where is the exotic rythms  that he displayed on Toward the Within, or Spiritchaser? I realize this is  a new beginning for Brendan,but this cd puts me to sleep. Hopefully he will  come out of his coma in future releases. Sorry fans(which im one of the  biggest), but this only deserves 3 stars.... barely!!!
B00000K0E5|5.0|If so I'm picking up (yet again) this latest 007 thriller.   From the sounds of it they've taken all the cool features from the laserdisk and transferred them over to DVD.  Can anyone confirm that all these trailers /  spots are on the new DVD?
6305524866|1.0|This movie had a few cute lines in the beginning, but than it dragged. This movie was not worth it.
B000003BF1|5.0|One of the best albums of the 1960s and of all time...and the Stones are still going strong.
B00000273P|5.0|It's hard to believe that anyone will ever top this masterpiece.  Paddy McAloon goes straight for the head, heart and soul with this astonishing group of songs about life, love, death and hope.  The final set is the only  truly great synthesis of thoughtful theology, mystical spiritualism and pop  music that any contemporary artist has yet to produce.  The ode to Jesse  James/Elvis is the best narrative set of pop songs ever recorded, unique in  terms of structure, sophistication and subtlty. McAloon's take on love is  both wry and romantic:  he'll fall for the girl every time, no matter how  it's bound to end. And Carnival 2000 is the ultimate millenium song -- a  prayer for forgiveness coupled with an anthem of hope for the future.<br />One  of the best groups in pop history at peak form -- even if you've never  heard these of guys, you owe yourself a listen.  There's nothing else like  Prefab Spout.
0446525537|5.0|You may know the guy gets the girl, but as the story unfolds you are reminded of your own thoughts and feeling when you were in high school. You laugh as Landon relives his high school years and remembers the crazy  things he felt and did.  Then Landon learns the secret and you become sad,  angry, then hopeful right along with him.
B00000IQBL|5.0|Best movie I ever saw on what Marine boot camp is all about, the good, the bad, and the ugly. Enjoyed it!
B000005S31|5.0|After &quot;Metal Machine Music,&quot; Lou Reed came back with what is probably his best, most accessible and most unified album of his solo career.  Aside from &quot;Berlin&quot; and &quot;Transformer,&quot; this is  THE Lou Reed album you need to own.
B000002U8G|5.0|The one or two times I heard &quot;Echoes&quot; on local Philly radio changed my life. This was music I needed to OWN,a song I needed to HEAR,whenever I wanted to hear it.This was one of the first records I ever  bought and I STILL need to listen to it in its entirety from track 1 to the  very last &quot;beep&quot; of Echoes.Fearless has got to be one of the most  beautiful songs Pink Floyd ever did.One of these days still scares the hell  out of me.All of side one used to be considered by some people as necessary  as side one of the &quot;In a gadda da vida&quot; album.I say the first 5  songs are actually building you up for the greatest 23 minutes of music  you'll ever hear...and love.
6303257844|5.0|Speed is a breakneck, thrill-a-minute ride. Every time you think it's over, something else happens! This is a fantastic movie, it keeps you on the edge of your seat until the very last minute. Keanu Reeves gives a  riveting performance as L.A cop Jack Traven, especially when he pounds on  the window of the bus and breaks it while trying to warn the driver about  the bomb. I loved Sandra Bullock saying 'Don't let him on!'. The scene at  the subway is terrific too. Go Jack! You will bite your nails for this one,  I promise.
6302968143|5.0|This movie is totally great.  I loved it, and it was even more fun to perform it in drama class.  Making the sisters come to life on the stage was hilarious.  Granted I would have rather been Sarah than Winnie, but it  turns out Winnie's the better part.  If you like Thora Birch, I highly  suggest the movie 'American Beauty'.  This movie, as I said before was  awsome!  I recomend it to anyone!
B00000IQC8|5.0|I have to disagree with the previous reviewer in their complaint about the extra cost of the special edition of CLERKS.  Simply put, if you enjoyed the movie, then the extra scenes and commentary is definitly worth the  added cost.
6302581907|5.0|This movie took a while to get going, but once the sisters began singing, we loved it.  We have watched this movie a zillion times and it still makes us smile.
B000002PCS|5.0|Back in 1989 I fell in love with a much younger man who played the violin. I had recently seen the movie &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot; and just had to have the soundtrack. My beautiful lover gave it to me as a birthday  present. As I was listening to it, I heard the song behind me. As I turned  I saw him playing along with the music on his violin. He had learned to  play it as a special surprise to me. He did it so beautifully I cried. To  this day, I still think of this wonderful man and his very special gift of  Love everytime I listen to the haunting sounds from my cassette. It is  almost worn out so I had to purchase a CD from Amazon.com. I can hardly  wait for it to arrive. It is by far my most favorite musical score ever.
B00000JJSK|5.0|I've been waiting for this one to come for a long time, and it didn't disapoint me. UNIDA has made an outstanding hard rockin' album. This is only the beginning of a soon-to-be great band.
6303942830|5.0|I loved this movie. The only thing that bothers me about is the fact that people say it's violent and gory.That's not true. Even when guys do get chopped in the stomach with in axe they don't show much blood. I know  someone who hated the movie for the violence. What do you expect, people  throwing sticks and pebbles at each other. I'm sure that would of stopped a  war. Anyway, I liked this movie. I'm 11 years old.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Absent mental illness or the onset of senility, true genius does not diminish with time or advancing years...<br />You don't hear people say, &quot;That was Beethoven's best symphony since the 5th.&quot;  Every work  is new and fresh.  Comparisons to Hunky Dory and other past works are  missing the point--that point being: this is something entirely different  and something extraordinary.  Just because it is melodic, does not make it  the same as the album Hunky Dory.  Thank God.  While I truly love Hunky  Dory, as well as most of Bowie's earlier work, I have longed for something  new, something better ... This CD is it.  It is so good, so obvioulsy  genius, I don't understand the critics of it ... But what can I say?  Perhaps its just a matter of taste, as I am sure some people do not like  Beethoven; and Paul McCarney's new album has posted higher in the U.S.  charts?<br />As I said, true genius does not diminish just because someone  happens to be 51 or 61 for that matter.  A lifetime of creative experiences  improves and adds depth to new and better material.  <br />David Bowie is most  certainly not mentally ill or senile, his family history not withstanding.   That leaves only one remaining conclusion: listen to the  &quot;hours...&quot; CD, forget the past, and that conclusion should be  obvious to you.  <br />Keep up the outstanding work Mr. Bowie.  We await your  next adventure.
B00000K19E|5.0|I wish there were ten stars availiable to give this action packed thriller!  I don't really care for Keanu, but in this movie, it doesn't matter.  I would have been great no matter who was in the cast.  But on  another note, the cast did an excellent job in this film.  The effects  alone are worth the your time.  I cant wait to see the second one!  I give  this movie a ten!
B00000K19E|5.0|it is really a revolution of the new world. It is not a re-construction of any film that I've ever seen.
B0000028UK|5.0|Along with Live on two legs it's Pearl Jam's best album
B000002VJH|5.0|album has a flow of continuity. This, Mars Hotel and Wake of the Flood are the Dead's three strongest improvisational studio albums. Crazy Fingers is absolutely beautiful. Help On the Way&gt; Slpiknot! are the Dead at their  jazziest and I dare you to try to not smile during Franklin's Tower. The  Music Never Stopped is a great rocker with great intro bass and guitar  licks. Sage &amp; Spirit is a lesser known Bobby instrumental that mimics  children's laughter. King's Solomon's Marbles is an innovative number  adding more credibility to the Dead's jazzy side. And Blues For Allah  closes out the album with studio weirdness and sound effects.  Give it a  try, you won't regret it.
B000003TA4|4.0|Nirvana is a great band, but not as great as Pearl Jam. After you listen to Vs., you can't give Nevermind a 5 stars, although it is one of my favorite CDs.
B000002C25|4.0|Generally excellent collection of songs, with occasional over-indulgence (e.g. Magic Pie). Contains standard rock 'n' roll classics such as Stand By Me and All Around The World and features some grossley underrated gems (Be  Here Now, It's Gettin' Better Man!). Probably their least inspired album,  but hey it's still better than 90% of the music out there.
B00000K19E|5.0|I would have to say that this movie points out some of the little &quot;unknowns&quot; that we all wonder and fantasize about.  A great thriller with awesome special effects.  A deffinate &quot;buy-it-now&quot;  kind of movie!
0783228007|5.0|This is one of Eastwood's best movies, and one of the best westerns I've ever seen. It's a straight adventure piece, and a great one. It's one that, when it comes on TV, I sit down to watch five minutes of it, and end up  watching the whole thing.
B000002H2H|4.0|&quot;Ride the Lightning&quot; is one of the best albums of the 80's. I personally bought it for &quot;Fade To Black&quot; and &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; but it's all really good. It's been a long time since I've  heard it, but it's all coming back to me now!!!  A must for all fans of  Metallica!!!
B000001DYY|4.0|1993 saw the release of this album, &quot;Elemental&quot;. The sound and production is smooth as their previous effort &quot;The Seeds of Love&quot;, which is remarkable as well. The best tracks are &quot;Break It  Down Again&quot;, &quot;Fish Out of Water&quot; (a jab at Curt),  &quot;Elemental&quot;, &quot;Mr. Pessimist&quot; (I love that piano outro),  and perhaps the best track, &quot;Goodnight Song&quot; which has a superb  melody. &quot;Power&quot; is probably the only weak tune. This was a strong  release by TFF, even though Curt was not involved, and showed Roland  evolving the sound somewhat without losing TFF's earlier influence.
B00000IOSU|3.0|The only thing preventing me from giving this a 5 is the fact that it is live and I don't like the noise of the crowd.  The songs themselves are good, but I am not a fan of live recordings.  I don't think I would have  purchased this if I'd known it was live.
0792152328|1.0|I have had an uneasy feeling for some time that filmgoers are not interested in history, which would doom the lavish period epics I love and which must draw huge crowds to be profitable.  Even being set in the past  seems to hurt a classic movie.  James Cameron cast aside the fascinating,  true story of the Titanic, to tell a fictional tale about a young woman in  love with a freespirited bohemian artist (oh brother).  He doesn't try to  evoke the time period.  The main character doesn't act like a woman of that  time period, and nearly all the supporting characters seem unlike real people  of any time period.  Winslet and Stuart are dreadful, charmless and the script  defeats all the other performers with the exception of two of my old favorites,  David Warner and Bernard Fox.  James Horner, who did the marvelous score for  Braveheart, offers negligible help, and the huge budget can't make the sinking  as exciting as it was in the infinitely superior A Night To Remember.  If I  had written the scene in which Rose and Cal discuss Picasso, I would be deeply  ashamed.  With this much money, Hollywood once made Cleopatra, a flawed movie,  but one which at least looks expensive and boasts classy actors like Richard  Burton, Roddy McDowell and John Hoyt.  The succcess of this movie is depressing.
B000002UVZ|5.0|Superman, the first time I heard it -- knocked me over.  Of course, it was played on some cranking fraternity house speakers, but still it is one awesome song.   Objectively, this is the best REM album.  The only thing  holding it back are Hyena and Just a Touch.  Listen to the small details  though, and you'll agree this is a masterpiece lyrically and musically.   For instance, every song doesn't end in a fade-out where the band can't  think of a decent ending.   So, &quot;explain the change -- the difference  between, what you want and what you mean&quot; It's just the best rock  album of the late 80's.
6304056958|5.0|I think this film is one of the best.  On top of having an incredible cast, the film is acted, directed, and filmed perfectly.  The characters are hilarious.  Norma Shearer (once the queen of Hollywood) is WONDERFUL!   Paulette Goddard (once Mrs. Charlie Chaplin) is so funny.  She is at her  best in this film, exhibiting comic talents that are just as good as her  former husband's.  Joan Crawford is even good, and truly amusing.  The gem  s in this film are Rosalind Russell and Joan Fontaine.  Nobody talks as  fast and as furiously as Russell, nobody!
B000002PGM|5.0|I agree with the reviewer from March 2, 1999.  This is the last great REM album.  They are still true to the form created on Chronic Town and Murmur (no experimenting with instruments like in Green, etc.).  The more I listen  to this one, the more impressive it becomes.  Nobody talks about some of  the greatest songs on this albums, like Oldfellows Local 151 -- a rocking  lament on alcoholism.  I've written these guys off after the last two  albums (Hi-Fi and Up), but buy them in this order:  Murmur, Reckoning,  Fables, Life's Rich Pageant, Document, Green, Dead Letter Office, Green,  Monster.  Forget the rest.
0553562355|5.0|All around great book.  Highly recommended.  This book brings you right into it and makes you want it to keep on going.
0446310786|5.0|I just finished reading of Lee` s book in a very  good czech translation. I admire her abbility to see the life and relations through the eyes of a eight year old girl. It has a lot to say to people even in our country.
0790729652|5.0|This film proved to the world that comic book films could be much more than action-packed carnage festivals.  This film (and the first sequel &quot;Batman Returns&quot;) have so much more to it than that.  &quot;Batman&quot; is a gripping and very moving exploration of the psyche;  it peers into the souls of not only the Dark Knight, but also those of the  people whose lives he changes with his presence.  The film is brilliantly  acted by its perfectly-chosen cast, which includes Jack Nicholson (the  Joker), Michael Keaton (the Batman), Kim Basinger (Vicki Vale), Micheal  Gough (Alfred Pennyworth), and Robert Wuhl (Alexander Knox).  Tim Burton  makes perfect use of his wonderful directorial talents, Anton Furst designs  a gothic, beautiful Gotham City, and Danny Elfman's classic musical score  further help make this a unique, thought-provoking, and very powerful  modern classic, a masterpiece of film noir and grand opera.  &quot;Batman  Returns shares these wonderful qualities, but, sadly, Joel Schumacher's  &quot;Batman Forever&quot; and &quot;Batman and Robin&quot; lose all of  that depth and meaning, and become little more than standard mindless  action.  But, we'll always have Burton's dark vision of a haunted and  brooding Batman.
006092988X|5.0|I first read this book when I was in Jr. High and it hasn't lost any of it's poignancy since.  This book has everything anyone would ever expect from a story.  I look forward to passing it on to future generations.
6305627401|5.0|Despite all the profanity and Raunchiness (which I enjoy :) ), this movie breaks all barriers for the movie industry, and made the funniest movie ever made.  Go D.V.D.A.
0790733226|4.0|The first part of the movie is pretty slow, but it escalates in a frenzy of action later on.  The sound and picture quality is superb.  I reccommend this movie to anyone who like sci-fi type movies.  Life is out there.
068484267X|5.0|Funny, touching, sad.  This book about Frank McCourt's life as a child is excellent.  The writing style is wonderful.   You just want to reach out and give this family a big hug!
6304007523|5.0|It is terrific film and enjoyed every minute of this film.  It surely is inspiration film and Stallone gives brilliant performance.  Wish that he would win an Oscar for Best Actor in 1976, but he got an oscar nomination  as Best Actor.  Highly recommend you to check it out.  Not like another  Rocky films.
B000005RFQ|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums, not just of Sabbath but of all time. Even though the band was kinda thrown together at the last minute, they really pulled it off. Zero the Hero, Disturbing the Priest, Hotline,  Digital ***, hell they're all great. I think Ian should have tried  another album with Sabbath after this one, but Geezer departed after the  Born Again tour, and Sabbath's long slow decline began there.
0451191153|5.0|For a long time I've often wondered why I felt so at odds with people and how they interact with life and other people. Everything from religion, to entertainment. I'm surprised to learn that perhaps you were athiest. I'm  not. I certainly acknowledge that YHWH is. This obviously has become  palpable for you now. I would like to thank you. I'm sure that your work  was part of the plan to enlighten our age. <br />The Fountainhead was an  answer, that we are not in control. We have only to nourish and become what  we are to become. Whether as you describe the second-handers or  originators, equally play an important part in the evolution of man.  <br />I've found such spiritual soundness in this work, that although you  perhaps didn't believe. It is everpresent in your work.
0920236251|5.0|This book is great I read it for an english project on censorship and found myself buying a copy, because I enjoyed it so much
B00000IP2L|5.0|Holy Smokes this thing rocks, to put it mildly.You may not like his vocal sound and it sure as hell didnt need to be overproduced but the energy from this cd is raw and powerful.Zakk is extremely underated as a guitar  player.If you dont like this cd, you dont like rock-n-roll.
B000002BSV|3.0|With Bernard Butler out of the way Brett Anderson is free to indulge himself in delusions of stardom and rock star glory . . . and this is what happens: a directionless album that sounds like nothing so much as an  imitation of Brit-pop (and early Suede) cliches.  Though it lacks the grace  and fury of earlier Suede, Coming Up still manages to amuse and entertain  with the ecstasy-driven &quot;Beautiful Ones&quot; and the self-mocking  &quot;Filmstar&quot;.  And in spite of the album's overall soul-lessness  the closing song &quot;Saturday Night&quot; is definitely up to par with  anything off of Dog Man Star.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I refused to buy Jagged Little Pill because every song on it was totally overplayed on the radio.  I got so sick of them.  Not the case with this one.  I bought it on a whim and I'm so glad I did.  I love it!  While  &quot;Thank U&quot; and &quot;Dear Matthew&quot; are good, the best cuts  are &quot;That I Would Be Good&quot; and &quot;One.&quot;  These really  show Morrisette's vocal range.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Many folks are put off by Tom Waits vocals.  For me, they are as smooth as Elvis but in a world that accepts Whintey Houston and Celine Dion I can see the point of that criticism.  Additionally, from work-to-work, Tom Waits  can get a bit uneven, though it has been a while since he dropped a real  artisitic bomb on the scene.<br />The typical qualifiers said, this album is a  stunning collection of songs that has been too long coming.  Waits doesn't  really cover any new ground here but he does it so much better than he has  in a long, long time.  It is as fresh as &quot;Swordfishtrombones&quot; in  that respect.<br />The slight difference here is a tenderness that has only  been hinted at previously.  &quot;Pony&quot; and &quot;Ever Since I Put  Your Picture In A Frame&quot; are as sweet and loving as any Carpenters  ballad and have the edge only a real life fully lived can display...Air  Supply by and for the treadworn.<br />The typical sordid stories, clanking  percussion and howling are here but something as subtle as the instruments  being tuned for a change go a long, long way.  Waits, the anti-musician,  has bottled the right mix.<br />While nothing here suggests Waits will be  heard next to Pearl Jam on your local radio station the current crop of  upstarts could learn a thing or two from his sincerity and emotion.  God  bless Tom Waits.
B000002BPS|5.0|if you like punk-rock u will love thi
B00001QGPR|5.0|It's good to have good old Bowie back - doing what he knows best. From the opener Thursday's Child through to the final track, Bowie shows he's still got years of quality stuff to give. Even though the album is highly  listenable it is however sadly shorn of a classic track . It might not be  Hunky Dory - but it's certainly the Thin White Duke's best stuff since  Let's Dance - and by today's standards that means it is nothing short of  five star material. Oh cool hairstyle as well! What about a Low inspired  album next time Dave?
B00001MXXG|2.0|I like Matthew Broderick very much and the other actors here are quite good, too, but this movie is as irritating as they come.  It's a &quot;rich-kid fantasy cartoon&quot; of a movie, firing at easy targets and  reminding me of the many reasons I hated growing up in the comfortable  suburbs.  If your idea of compelling characters is spoiled, obnoxious brats  who think the world owes them everything, help yourself.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you like movies like Jacob's Ladder, where you have to see it a few times to really get it, then you will LOVE this movie.  Trust me.  If you don't get it, then you hate it, just read the 1 star reviews here.  But  beyond the plot line, the direction and cinamatography are ground breaking!
0449004589|1.0|I have found that there are very few authors whose new works I await with great anticipation.  Ken Follett has always been one of those authors.  From the impassioned Eye of the Needle to the epic Pillars of the Earth, he  has shown he can immerse a reader completely in the time and locale of his  stories.  Somewhere along the way, however, he decided to change his  direction. . . Upon beginning Hammer of Eden, I was, once again,  disappointed to find a present day story line.  Follett's historical  fiction works have been, in my opinion, his greatest works.  But with the  publication of The Third Twin and The Hammer of Eden, I feel as though he  is just cranking out books with shallow and non-plausible story lines.  The actions of both the protagonist and the antagonist (who we are  initially set up to be compassionate toward) are baffoonish almost to the  point of being comical.  The book is laid out like an outline for a screen  play.  (Let's see, James Earl Jones as Mr. Honeymoon, perhaps?)In the movie  adaptation, I could see Bruce Willis trudging across the California  countryside as he practised his 'Svengali-like' routine on the inferior  women of his commune. PLEASE, Mr. Follett, spend the time to dive into the  research for another epic, heart warming, passionate novel about the lives  and struggles of people who have changed the path of history.  That is by  far your strongest genre. Can I put my hard cover copy up for sale on the  auction block?
B000002U82|5.0|This album is extremely, extremely good.  All the naysayers who claim that the album is boring have only to here the lyrics, which, albeit depressing, contain truisms of everyday life.  David Gilmour's guitar rifs are superb,  and Roger Waters is a poet that rivals even the great Jim Morrison. Just  because the album lacks the catchy phrases of The Wall, does not make it a  bad album. I do not, in any way, think that this is their best album, but  all their albums deserve five stars for their unmatched honesty and  insight.
0790736314|5.0|I have seen this movie numerous times.  Each time, I have problems sleeping afterwards.  This is an excellent horror movie in every sense of the word.  The 25th Anniversary Edition was especially excellent due to the  fact that there was a documentary on the making of the film.  This  documentary was, in my opinion, about as scary as the movie  itself.<br />Excellent movie..  One to watch for a good scare every now and  again!
B00000F12O|4.0|It is a great horror movie. But It drags some in the middle and sometimes gets boring but if you like horror see It.
6303149200|5.0|Just one of the best movies ever made...and it gets better with repeat viewing, as great movies do.  This is one of the most beloved films in the Pagan community but all sentient beings can enjoy it: gorgeous to look at,  strangely fetching tunes (the first Pagan musical!?), amazing dialogue and  an ending you may find deeply disturbing no matter what your faith or your  sympathies...so what's not to love?  ;-) It makes you think, too, and  that's never a bad thing.  So settle in Gently, Johnny...enjoy the ride.
6304613199|5.0|Absolutely BRILLIANT,EXCITING,SUPERB,MAGNIFICENT,GOOD and well just generally WOW. This film is really good you should get it.
078322608X|5.0|In a film genre dominated by the saccharine fantasies of Lucas and Spielberg, it is refreshing to come across a movie that is visually stunning and logically constructed.<br />We see Willis and Pitt at the top  of their game, playing characters who might or might not be crazy.  We  glimpse a depopulated future only slightly less run-down than the present.  We observe events that might or might not help humanity repopulate the  earth.  (Think of the conversation on the airplane.)  And it's all viewed  through the surreal lens of Gilliam, part Fellini, part Bosch, part Philip  K. Dick.<br />A masterpiece.
6303148352|5.0|THIS FILM IS JUST MAGNIFICENT, I LOVED IT IN EVERYWAY AND I STILL DO. IT IS FANTASTIC THE EFFECTS ARE GREAT AND SO IS THE STORY. GET THIS IF YOU HAVEN'T GOT IT.
B00000I952|4.0|One should have guessed when this album was released that it would be their last studio project.  The cover alone demonstrates this better than anything else and was a far cry from the good time feeling of the Super  Trouper project.   They went out with a &quot;bang&quot; though.  Lyrically  it was their most mature project.  &quot;The Visitors&quot;, &quot;When All  Is Said And Done&quot;, &quot;Soldiers&quot;, &quot;I Let The Music  Speak&quot; all clearly demonstrate this.   The songs on this project were  of a much more serious nature than previous 70's releases.  ABBA has always  been referred to as the ultimate &quot;singles&quot; band, but this album  is a far cry from that.  My favorite track is &quot;When All Is Said And  Done&quot;.  This track is the Frida-Benny end of relationship track much  like Bjorn-Agnetha's &quot;The Winner Takes It All&quot;.   At least they  went out on high note!!
6302759110|5.0|This film is exerlant. It is the real story of dracula and one hell of a masterpiece. I was very impressed when I first saw this film, I have got because when I saw I loved it and neede it for the cllection of films I've  got. This film in no way can be improved, it is a classic horror movie  masterpiece.
B000005RXF|4.0|although not their best CD it still comes across as hard hitting and profound - which may be mis-understood to the world audience who expects the same U2.  For a band to grow it needs to change.  It has.  Look for  them to go back to the  WAR days in their next CD, meaning the music not  the words.
B000002I25|2.0|The Doors made a beautiful noise, but Jim Morrison was perhaps the most pretentious person ever to have lived, and his presence ruins the proceedings.  He has been made into a god by the faceless rock followers  who worship his preening and semi-mythological, pedestrian psychological  constructs, but in fact he was an almost talentless lyricist and a very  limited vocalist to say the least.  Take this band right out of the  so-called &quot;Rock n Roll Pantheon,&quot; and put them straight into the  gutter where they belong.  A sort of sixties Duran Duran.
1559408758|5.0|WHY OH WHY is this currently not available?  My VHS copy is worn out from protracted viewing and I was looking forward to having a sparkly new DVD of this funniest of mockumentaries.  Things don't get none more black than  this...
B00000J2SO|5.0|By the time Rainbow began in the mid-seventies, many of heavy metal's prime architects began to ape the habits of their progressive-rock brethren by becoming an institution of traveling, revolving-door musicians, all of  whom have played on albums by other top-tier bands.  As such, Rainbow could  be considered the ultimate supergroup because it became a pit stop or even  a launching pad for the careers of many of the most lauded names in heavy  metal history.  By the time Richie Blackmore and Company released  &quot;Down to Earth,&quot; Rainbow was at the pinnacle of its  revolving-door policy and in a period of relative transition.<br />Exit Ronnie  James Dio, the diminutive frontman who gave operatic voice to Blackmore's  magically gothic and netherworld vision.  Enter Graham Bonnett, former pop  singer and neo-metal James Dean with flat top and shades to match.  Fans  expecting another Dio must have been quite surprised by the almost pop and  r&amp;b leanings of this street-tough posing with open shirt on the album  sleeve.  Gone were the stargazers and men on silver mountains.  Blackmore,  together with former Deep Purple bassist Roger Glover, incorporated some  pop and r&amp;b into their philosophies and provided a vehicle for Bonnett  to front a leaner, meaner and more concise Rainbow.<br />And it is good.   &quot;All Nite Long&quot; is the love song at its most anthemic with the  kind of sing-along chorus Blackmore would never have dared before.   &quot;No Time To Lose&quot; is a dirty, fast little rocker reminiscent of  Deep Purple's &quot;Speed King,&quot; while &quot;Makin' Love&quot; sounds  like the kind of pop metal that became a chart topper less than a decade  later.  The surprise here is &quot;Since You Been Gone,&quot; pure pop  penned by Russ Ballard (&quot;Into the Night&quot; by Ace Frehley and  &quot;You Not Me&quot; by Dream Theater among many others) with a Louie  Louie-like riff and another sing-along chorus.  &quot;Love's No  Friend&quot; returns Blackmore to the blues, where Bonnett soars with  heartfelt emotion and rage never before heard in a Rainbow song.  In  between is a Bach-like break that reminds you, yes, this is still Richie  Blackmore's music.<br />The other three selections reflect more typical  Rainbow fare.  &quot;Danger Zone&quot; takes Bonnett's fast-talking fury  into the kind of driving rocker that soon became Rainbow's trademark.   &quot;Lost in Hollywood,&quot; for which Cozy Powell received a co-writing  credit, sounds like a pared-down, commercialized &quot;Light in the  Black&quot; with its fast rhythms and a Bach-rock break courtesy of  keyboardist Don Airey.  Airey saved his best for the album's finest cut,  &quot;Eyes of the World.&quot;  Perhaps the only cut that sounds closest to  what Blackmore would have written in the old days, &quot;Eyes of the  World&quot; takes Airey's eerie &quot;Tarot Woman&quot;-type keyboard  introduction into a blistering riff and a Bonnett vocal piercing with  intensity and urgency.  Bonnett, the bluesy, pop-wailer, shines with power  and conviction.<br />Unfortunately, behind all of this activity is a flat  production with as much resonance as a shoebox.  Roger Glover, skilled  bassist and gifted songwriter, has proved time and again that for much of  his career he could hardly produce himself out of a paper bag.  Listen to  the drums for instance.  Powell could bash his drums like John Bonham, but  Glover took the drums as well as every other element of the band's  recording and stuffed it into a padded cell.  Second only to Mike Stone  (who has desecrated the sounds of Journey, Asia and Whitesnake), Glover for  many years has underproduced what should have been many groups' finest  efforts, like Judas Priest (Sin After Sin) and Nazareth  (Razamanaz).<br />Sadly, the Airey-Blackmore-Bonnett-Glover-Powell lineup  would last only one album.  Airey left to play for the Michael Schenker  Group's first album and Ozzy Osbourne's Blizzard of Ozz.  Powell joined MSG  for an album and a tour.  Bonnett resurfaced with - alas - MSG a little  while later. Blackmore - always prolific, always progressive - and Glover  revealed a new Rainbow with at-the-time  unknowns; however, because of  their experience with Rainbow, these relative unknowns became  revolving-door superstars in their own right with bands such as Deep  Purple, Black Sabbath and Yngwie Malmsteen.  Blackmore, though he  maintained his classical and baroque stylings, continued to mold the  Rainbow style in search of commercial legitimacy.  &quot;Difficult to  Cure&quot; and &quot;Straight Between the Eyes&quot; offer incredible  insights into the mind of Blackmore and the many facets of his vision, but  never again has he, nor his bandmates, ever sounded so fresh and so wild as  they did on &quot;Down to Earth.&quot;
0425152251|1.0|Unfortunately I was stuck on a tropical island with this book, and all the other books on the island were in french.  This book is merely a lecture about what the author's perception of philosophy for a 12 yr old.  Its  tough to read a &quot;novel&quot; that is even condescending to 6th grader.   If you think this would have been helpful in college, you would have been  mislead.
6304080921|5.0|This movie made me fall a little in love with Bruce Willis and made me take Brad Pitt more seriously as an actor. If you're looking for the basic sci-fi time travel flick to kill a couple of hours, this isn't the movie  for it. There's a strange sense of hopelessness that will stay with you for  days in this well-crafted piece of science and-dare i say-romance.
B00001QGPR|4.0|I didn't like this album very much at first, but then I listened to it again. . .and again, and it gets better every time.  This kind of music is very different from what I normally listen to, but it's great.  Love the  lyrics and the music.  Thursday's Child is a beautiful song.
B000002MJC|4.0|Depeche Mode redefined themselves once again with this release, adopting &quot;real&quot; instruments, going so far as Alan Wilder's learning to play the drums.   While this release doesn't pack the song for song punch  as it's predecessor &quot;Violator&quot; did, the style makes this a more  interesting album.  It's this constant reinvention that has kept Depeche  Mode around for nearly 20 years.  <br />As for the songs, my current favorites  are &quot;Condemnation&quot;, &quot;Mercy in You&quot;, &quot;One  Caress&quot;, and &quot;Walking in my Shoes&quot;.  This, to me, is the  third major turning point in the band (the first being after &quot;Speak  and Spell&quot; and the second being around &quot;Some Great Reward&quot;  and &quot;Black Celebration&quot;).  While this album is good, their  subsequent release, &quot;Ultra&quot;, is superior in almost every way and  a strong contender with &quot;Violator&quot; for DM's top album.  <br />I like  all of DM's music and it's this varying style that makes them one of the  most interesting bands of the era.
0446525537|4.0|A Walk To Remember starts out like a high school essay, but then pulls you into a beautiful story of life, love, growing up and learning to make the RIGHT decisions.  I think  the book teaches us all a lesson about human  nature and looking past our &quot;illusions&quot; of WHAT we think people  are about and taking the time to learn WHO someone really is.  A touching  story and entertaining read.
6303394000|5.0|Nearly 20 years later, nothing compares to the peculiar, get-wrenching honesty that we view in Bob Fosse's masterwork ALL THAT JAZZ.  He reinvents the rules of cinematography as well as the rules of the movie musical.    This is a film constructed of beautiful pictures.  Each a photograph that  could be removed from it's cell and framed.  Every shot is masterfully  considered and constructed. On this film, more than any other, Fosse knew  the material.  Any writer will tell you &quot;write what you know.&quot;   The reason this film excells on so many levels is that Bob Fosse looks at  himself with teeth bared, sparing nothing.  He strips himself, his life,  his work bare, leaving the viewer conciously aware of viewing a  surgery...both metaphorically and actually. This film is not for anyone.   Only the truly educated can appreciate the overwhelming truth and power of  this film.  I have seen it a dozen times, and with each viewing  new things  appear.  For those that want to learn, Fosse left his lesson book open on  the table.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I bought this CD the day it came out and I have not stopped listening to it yet. This is a great CD from that great naked band!! If you dont have this CD yet what are you waiting for? Your life is boring with out it! Buy  Enema of the State now you boring people..
0684135051|4.0|If you are looking for a good how to knit book, with step-by-step instructions on the basics this book isn't it. It is a wonderful book--take a look at it once you've mastered the basics and are ready to move past  patterns and create something entirely your own.
B000002VCU|5.0|This is a beautiful album. My personal favorites are &quot;Time&quot; and &quot;Turn of a Friendly Card.&quot;
B000002KXO|5.0|This album is clearly a pop effort, but what's wrong with that? It's a far more consistent and enjoyable album than its uneven follow-up &quot;Tango in the night&quot;. &quot;Gypsy&quot;, &quot;Hold me&quot;, &quot;Oh  Diane&quot;, &quot;Love in store&quot;,..., all these songs are polished  pearls of '80s pop music. This album is delightful from the first to the  last track, and there's not a bad song on it. I'm glad to see that I'm not  the only one who thinks this album is definetely underrated.
B000002NIW|5.0|This album is well worth the price of admission.Amazing stuff.Chino is a much better singer than most of metal bands out their.A very talented band.My favorite track is &quot;Be quiet and drive [far away]&quot; it's  beautiful and Feels like the Foo Fighters &quot;Everlong&quot; but even  better.I really can't wait for there new album but I know it's gonna be  sweet!
B00001NFCY|5.0|My Own Prison was awfully good, but this album is even stronger as a whole.  Creed's music writing style hasn't changed much, but if anything they've slowed down the tempos and stepped up the metal furnace a couple  notches to create truly powerful epic songs.  There are no weak spots on  this album, and most of the songs could easily be played on the radio.   &quot;Are You Ready&quot;, &quot;What If&quot;, &quot;Wrong Way&quot;, and  &quot;Higher&quot; are standout pieces, but the others are tremendously  good as well.  Scott Strap's sincerity sells lyrics that would seem  melodramatic from anyone else.  If you like rock music at all, get this  album!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I received this cd as a gift from my sister.  It was the perfect gift for me because I was dealing with a breakup.  Songs like &quot;Hunter&quot; and &quot;Don't think of me&quot; actually helped me get over my situation more  easily - made me see the breakup in a different light and (though this may  sound exaggerated) I gained strenth through listening to this cd.  The  other songs on this cd are also very melodic and the lyrics are  interesting.  You won't regret spending your money on it.
0792156684|1.0|Everything sucks. The iceberg looked fake. The acting would be laughable if it weren't so earnest. The story isn't even a story. Any episode of &quot;Scooby Doo&quot; has a better (and more unpredictable) storyline.  It's a tragic shame that so many people have wasted so many hours watching  it. Glad to see there's a lot of negative reviews here; gives me hope in  human intelligence.
0451450523|5.0|I remember the animated motion picture from my childhood but read this book for the first time as an adult.  It is one of the most beautifully written books I have ever read.  The metaphors that Peter S. Beagle uses  are rich and poetic, transporting the reader to another place in time. The  beauty of this story brought tears to my eyes.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This CD is terrific.  Though I feel that the first six songs are the best, the others have their good points too.  I was never into the Chili Peppers before, though I did enjoy their music, but this album cannot be ignored.   I just have a warning for some of their fans who complain about the more  mellow and meaningful songs:  If you can't handle soul in lyrics, and  maturity in a band, you'd better not get this CD, it is way over your head.
B00000K19E|5.0|I didn't get to see this movie in the theatres (did I blow chunks). I bought this on DVD and haven't been able to put it done since. It is now one of my favorite movies of all time.
B000005H55|5.0|Who would dare make such an album. This ranks among the truly great ones; A love Supreme, Shape of Jazz to Come, Unit Structures... The playing is impeccable, I espesially love the rythm section (Davis and Williams), but  the improvisations are nothing short of magnificent. The albums strength is  it's motion, using stumbelig rythms rather than complete start/stop, and  therefore not quite releasing the tension it quickly builds, but keeping it  throughout the compositions. A classic.
6301942647|5.0|If God made movies, this is what they would look like.  Words cannot do it justice.
0393312836|5.0|I loved A Clockwork Orange.  I couldn't put it down!  I definately reccomend doing the way I did.  If you want to see the movie, read the book first.  You kind of have to have your own ideas set before a movie  visualizes it for you.  This book is pretty relevant to society today.   There's all this violence, and everyone wants to do anything to stop it.   This book really explores that.  What would we be willing to do?  Would we  be willing to change the way a person thinks, and change their basic  nature?  What would that actually do?  I really reccomend this book.
6304118406|5.0|Oliver Stone's &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is not just a movie, it is an experience. It is a wild, dark ride that serves as a study of today's culture and it's fascination with violence. This movie is not so much about  the killers, but about how the killers capture the public. The screenplay  is masterfully structured with moments of vicious rage, deepness, dark  comedy and powerful visual images. The film is hypnotically watchable due  to the great mixing of different film formats, camera angles, colors and  the breathtaking cinematography of Robert Richardson. &quot;Natural Born  Killers&quot; is a great study of where our culture is going. Stone is a  genius of cinema, one of the greatest directors there has ever been. This  movie is effective, provocative, feverish and driven. It's electrifying. In  fact, it's not as violent as you may think it is. It's the break neck speed  it goes at and it's intense feeling. &quot;Natural Born Killers&quot; is  both intense and brilliantly nightmarish. It's disturbing, as it should be.  This serves as a slap on America's face, to wake it up. &quot;Natural Born  Killers&quot; is a masterpiece, as Roger Ebert said: &quot;Seeing this  movie once is not enough.&quot;
0792839625|1.0|Please avoid this film at all costs!  Even a second-rate touring company would be a better bet for experiencing this classic musical.  Having nary a clue about the larger themes of this drama, director Attenborough  thoroughly pummelled this show into a dreadful, hammy production.
6304578482|5.0|If you like dumb humor or are looking for a great movie buy this one. It is the best movie of the year! I GIVE IT 5 STARS!!!!
B00000JCB2|2.0|Yeah, it's happening again.  Remember the late 80's when bad hair metal ruled the land?  Nirvana and others in the Seattle scene then kicked their butts into oblivion.<br />Fast forward to the present day.<br />The  &quot;alternative&quot; revolution is long gone.  Left in its stagnant wake  is an industry where looks and clothing style count for as much or more  than the music does.  Slap a pretty face on the music and you've got a hit.   Industry executives exploit this fact and push loads of talentless drivel  highly derivative of those that have come not too long before them.  In  other words, they haven't learned anything from the death of hair metal.   You have acts right now unknowingly causing their own future demise.  Limp  Bizkit is at the head of this group.  <br />We in the know can see what's  coming.  The current incarnation of modern rock alternative radio's days  are numbered.  It's death can't come too soon.  What/who will be the new  millennim's Nirvana?  Who knows.  But it sure will be fun to watch, don't  you think?<br />Hot damn the future looks bright!!!
0553274503|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read. Instead of giving a general reveiw and synopsis here, I'm just going to highlight the parts of the novel I particularly enjoyed. First is the relationship Charlie has  with Alice. I love the passage where he and Alice make love and he  describes it as the act of binding and holding and as being washed under a  strange baptism. His story is a painful one to read as you follow him in  his development and discoveries. I think it is a wonderful novel that  everyone should read.
0385424736|4.0|Even though I am an avid reader, this was my first Grisham read.  I don't know why I waited so long! I enjoyed The Rainmaker very much. I especially  liked rooting for Rudy (the underdog) and how he messed with the high  powered lawyers. I didn't particuarly like the end, (you know, in the  apartment) but still liked the book. It caused me to stay up way too late  at night!
6304795254|5.0|It`s a really god film, on of the best i have seen. There are lots of moments where you can`t see what will happen, like you can in much other movies. It`s a film about to think of, with some moments of action. But I  think it`s the best of you watch the movie and make your own judgement.
B000002GG0|5.0|When I first purchased this album I hated it.  I was (and still am) a huge Cat Stevens fan, and this was so different that I felt let down.  I forced myself to listen to it while I was doing homework and it worked it's way  into to my soul so that I never was able to get enough of it.  I am  purchasing it on CD and haven't heard it in a long time but know that when  I do hear it again I will feel a peace that in my heart.
0394721780|5.0|What can anyone really say about these fabuolous books? I've used these volumes since I was a college student in the 1970's.  Fashions have come and gone, and some trendy chefs like to call these recipes &quot;old  fashined.&quot;  That's amusing to me, because when today's (usually  idiotic) trends are forgotten, American cooks will still be using these  wonderful, wonderful books.  There really has never been anything like them  for an American cook.
0896762173|5.0|I am a dollmaker and this is a wonderful book for costuming dolls if you have the ability to draft patterns.  You can see the shape and construction of the vintage garments and the drawings and notes alongside are inspiring  in themselves.  I just love this book for both information and pure visual  enjoyment.
079070546X|5.0|Chevy Chase is an incredibly hilarious actor and his National Lampoon movies are by far some of the funniest things I could ever watch. My favorite one of all time is of course Christmas Vacation. I highly  recommend that if you are ready to be in the Christmas spirit, that you buy  this movie to add to your collection. It's what I like to call...a classic.
6300215717|5.0|Well, most of you have already summed it up.  I just wanted to add that I think that it definitly says something when every single person who wrote a review for this movie ranked it as 5 stars with only one exception (who  ranked 4).  This movie is so good that I can't even think of an adjective  for it.
0446525537|5.0|After having met Nicholas Sparks today at a signing and hearing him talk about the inspirations for his books I am even more moved by them.  He commented today that Jamie is based on his sister although he has taken  literary liberties in changing the time to the 1950's among other things.   Nicholas Sparks has a gift that allows one to escape to a place where love  is true and everlasting. Thanks Nicholas.  Meet him at a signing if you  have a chance.. you won't soon forget him or his wonderful love stories.
B0000085N4|1.0|This album represents Ian Astbury's utter abandonment of his artistic integrity.  We're faced with the spectacle of the band that was Southern  Death Cult and Death Cult pandering to metal lunkheads for dollars.  Memo  turf.
B000002UE1|4.0|Everyone reading these reviews already knows &quot;I'm Your Captain&quot; but to stop there you would be missing two of Grand Funk's heaviest tunes ever: &quot;Sin's A Good Man's Brother&quot; and &quot;Nothing Is The  Same&quot;. These make the purchase of this CD worthwhile alone.  However,  be forewarned; the sound quality sounds barely above AM radio quality on  this Capitol domestic release.  It is very muddy and wooden sounding-I  wouldn't make such a fuss except my old album copy of this sounds MUCH  cleaner! If Capitol would remaster this CD as they did on the new box set,  it would become an instant 5-star rating!
B000002LH5|1.0|This album represents Ian Astbury's utter abandonment of his artistic  integrity.  We're faced with the spectacle of the band that was Southern  Death Cult and Death Cult pandering to metal lunkheads for dollars.  Memo  to Ian and Billy: give it up, RATT and W.A.S.P will blow you away on their  turf.
B00000J7SO|4.0|It's like having a brand new Dylan disc, with a wonderful opportunity to enjoy Dylan's now-lost gift for magnificent phrasing. His vocals then were a thing of wonder. The big treat is the newly-discovered presence of the  band on the remaster. All of a sudden, they're truly there. In Baby Stop  Cryin', they used to disappear entirely for a couple of seconds at the  begining. Now you can hear them slide it down as Dylan's vocal coasts in.  On New Pony, they are rocking harder than we ever knew. A joy.
0780622553|5.0|This film shares similar plot aspects with &quot;The Matrix&quot; but unlike that film, it has exceptional character and plot development.  The truth of the characters' situation is gradually revealed and synthesized  into the plot and the action, (unlike The Matrix, which grinds to a halt to  explain every little boring detail about the matrix).  Although it could be  argued that the look of the film owes a lot to Blade Runner, Dark City is  an excellent and original film.<br />Also, someone said earlier that this was  Siskel's favorite of the year before he died.  Not true.  It was Ebert's  No.1 film of 1998, and not on Siskel's top ten.<br />The DVD quality is  excellent (as can be expected of all New Line DVDs).
0451191153|4.0|I think the Fountainhead is inspiring and capable of actually changing one's entire attitude towards life.  However, it can also be a bit damaging in that it makes unrealistic demands of its &quot;converts.&quot; One thing  that really bothers me: Ayn Rand seems to believe that repressing all  emotion, even the deepest pain, is &quot;heroic&quot; while allowing  emotion to show is a sign of &quot;weakness.&quot; Howard Roark seems to be  completely untouched, emotionally, by the setbacks and attacks he suffers.  To me, this seems inhuman, but the message in the book is clear: He's  superior to those of us who spinelessly exhibit emotion. In fact, in Atlas  Shrugged, one of the good guys is actually physically tortured and barely  exhibits discomfort! Does this mean that to be a true &quot;hero&quot; of  your life you - almost literally - must not feel pain? <br />I still think  this is one of the greatest books ever and it influenced me deeply in a lot  of positive ways. However, be alert for the flaws. Ayn Rand and her  philosophy were not quite perfect. I spent a few years after the first time  I read her works believing that if I got &quot;too emotional&quot; over a  situation, or preferred a folk song to a symphony, that I had serious  character defects. <br />Still and all, I'm glad after all these years people  are still reading and being inspired by her works.
0792838084|5.0|What has to be David Lynch's best film, but Lost Highway is a close contender, is the best study of suburbia ever seen in movies up till AMERICAN BEAUTY. With beautiful shots of the Midwestern countryside and  great performances from Rossellini and Hopper, this movie is undeniably  weird but undeniably great.
6300271285|5.0|Being a great fan of the original Roger Corman dark comedy, I was thoroughly prepared to dislike this film, particularly as a musical.  Every film buff remembers the original classic &quot;Lost Horizon&quot; and the  unspeakable musical disaster they tried as a remake in the '70's.  I was  convinced that this would be a similar embarrassment.  I could not have  been more wrong.  The casting was absolutely inspired, particularly Rick  Moranis and Steve Martin.  The music was masterfully done  and impeccably  performed.  Levi Stubbs and Ellen Greene were no surprise, since their  voices are widely known and admired, but Rick Moranis?  You won't believe  just how well he pulls this off --  I'm reminded of the great surprise  performance of Rod Steiger as &quot;Poor Jud&quot; in &quot;Carousel.&quot;   I have watched this gem perhaps twelve or fifteen times and still look  foward to &quot;Suddenly Seymour&quot; and &quot;Mean Green Mother.&quot;   And I am not, strictly speaking, a big fan of musicals.   This should have  taken home at least four Oscars: Best Musical,  Best Song (either of the  two I listed above),  Best Supporting Actor (Steve Martin or the Plant),  and Best Score.  You should NOT miss this flick.
B00001MXXG|5.0|Heartwarming story of community rallying around a sick school child. Contrary to the Amazon.com review, I still think that this movie will be funny and creative to first-time viewers. Jeffrey Jones is always hilarious  and I liked Edie McClurg as his secretary. Don't stop watching until the  final credits are over.
6302824613|4.0|This spoof of the James Bond films is a classic case of the parts being MUCH better than the whole.  It had four? six? directors?  And it looks it. Some of the material is astoundingly bad.  But where it works, it's brilliant,  stylish and quite funny.  I'd trim off about 30-40 minutes of the groaners,  cheap shots and filler.  Some of the sequences, though, apart from occasional  lapses into disconcerting yuk-yuk (and yecch) jokes, are really wonderful.  The  opening sequences in Sir James' mansion tucked away (in Wales? The Lake District?  Dartmoor?), the Scottish sequence in McTarry's castle, where the beautiful  Deborah Kerr shows a flair for comedy, the sequence with Peter Sellers and Ursula  Andress (to &quot;The Look of Love&quot;), the memorable sequence in the Berlin  spy school, with sets so expressionistic, they look straight out of &quot;The  cabinet of Dr. Caligari&quot;, the wonderful sequences at the headquarters of  Smersh and its leader, Dr Noah, who turns out to be Bond's nephew, played by  Woody Allen.  He tries to impress Daliah Lavi with a pill that turns a person  into a walking atomic bomb.  When she tricks him into swallowing it, he yells,  hilariously, &quot;Ooooooh-- Alka Seltzer!&quot;  One also has to mention the  delightful music by Herb Alpert and the Tijuana Brass and the delightful opening  and closing credits.  Watch the movie-- just not all at one sitting!
0375707972|4.0|I found this to be a quick read.  It was not a book I would have chosen, had I not just joined a book club that was reading it.  I enjoyed the questions it raised.  But, felt too many thoughts were left unanswered.   I'm very glad that I read it.
0767830520|5.0|Remarkable,powerful,poignant film about Man's decent into madness as seen through the eyes of a vengeful N.Y.C. taxi driver/Vietnam vet who tries to protect a 15 year old prostitute from an evil Harvey Keitel. Great  writing,directing and acting highlight this disturbing film.
B000002UAF|5.0|I'm amused by people who find the Beatles boring. They say that all their song sound the same etc.etc.etc. Well most of what is passed off as pop music these days truly is boring. How many artists these days will be  remembered by anyone 20 or 30 years from now? And for Pete's sake folks  learn how to spell!
B00000K19E|5.0|This blew me away.  The final confrontation with the agents in which neo finally masters his abilities is one of those special movie moments you remember for a long long time.<br />If you really liked the ideas in this  film, you will DEFINETLY want to learn about lucid dreaming,  which also  allows you to explore a different reality, just like the matrix does.   Amazon.com has several books on this topic.
0805062971|5.0|Chuck writes deeper than I can think.  Its a book that should not be read if the person is mentally unbalanced.
B00000J2L7|5.0|What is Stanley Kubrick's best film is one of the funniest dark comedies ever made. Peter Sellers as Dr. Strangelove,one of three roles,is hilarious and the rest of the film is just great.
0783235666|5.0|Why are you landlovers so blind this is an great movie
B00001U0E1|1.0|What was supposed to be a romantic comedy it lacked one major ingredient.  HUMOR!  Sure, it was romantic, but it wasn't funny.  <br />I like to think of this movie as SCREAM for the intellectual set.  It references so many other  plays and playwrites that you need a degree to understand what they are  talking about.  <br />I am a huge Shakespeare fan.  I love his plays, but when  done right.  This was just a lame adaption of ROMEO &amp; JULIET.
0140186395|5.0|This is one of the best books ever!  I enjoyed it from cover to cover.  It was amazing.  I really loved the plot and I identified with the characters.  The whole theme of forgiveness really touched me and it really made me  think about everything.  I would recommend this book to anyone.
B000000WCX|4.0|I have listened to this recording quite often over the past few years and I must say it stands on its own two feet even still. I believe any of Bowie's further endeavours are going to take great effort to top this one.  Having listened to his new recording &quot;Hours&quot;, I think I'd better  wait a while before I give word to it.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I LIKE ALL KEANU'S MOVIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I REALLY LIKE BILL &amp; TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE .  CHECK  OUT BILL &amp; TED'S EXCELLENT ADVENTURE. IT STARS KEANU REEVES.
6304467540|5.0|Of course all three of these films are classic, unforgettable, etc. films, especially the first two- but like the other reviewers below, I would really like to see &quot;The Godfather Epic&quot; or &quot;Godfather  Saga&quot; again.  Our local video rental store used to have it available  for rent, but it's not there anymore - probably wore out!  I just saw it on  USA Network a couple of weeks ago.  I believe the video version (which now  appears to be out of print) was called &quot;The Godfather Epic&quot; and  is rated &quot;R&quot; rather than the &quot;PG&quot; version on TV.  I  can't see this being out of print forever, though - perhaps Francis Coppola  will release it with the addition of Godfather III?  That would be  excellent!  The &quot;Epic/Saga&quot; features an especially great  performance by Bruno Kirby as the young Clemenza, among other things, so  let's keep our fingers crossed that Paramount will re-release this video.   Meanwhile, if you don't have the original three films, this is a great  deal!
6301768809|5.0|Stallone gives one of his best performances in what is arguably the best film he ever made. Dennehy is great as the local cop that Rambo takes to war while Richard Crenna shines as Rambo's former CO. David Caruso, who  would later star on TV's NYPD Blue, makes an appearance as one of Dennehy's  deputies. This movie has one of the greatest &quot;chase scenes&quot; ever  made that is still believable. Great non-stop action throughout culminates  in the &quot;Vietnam speech&quot; scene which can rate from  &quot;Brilliant&quot; to &quot;Embarrassing&quot; depending on your  viewpoint. Must have movie for Stallone or Dennehy fans!
006092988X|5.0|A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a deep understanding of a girl living in the early 1900's. It forces you to want to read more. I mean, it's almost as if you're  right there....experiencing every moment
6305169195|1.0|This movie stunk worse than any movie I've seen. From the story to the acting this movie was incredibly cheesy. I think the move directers were a sleep during the making of this flim. The only thing good in the movie are  the effects.
0784010188|5.0|This is a great movie for both DVD and VHS. It reprises the roll of Schwarzenegger this time he is hear to protect the fututre from a better Terminator. This beats the original in almost every way except for  atmosphere. Though it still keeps you on the edge of your seat.
B00000K2SC|5.0|i can only say wow because I cannot think of any words to do this movie justice.  It was totally great, the best action movie in a while.  It really sort of makes you wonder is it possible for it to be true?  I hope  not.  I encourage everyone who has not seen the movie to do so asap.  You  will love it, like I do.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Jim Henson did a great job on this movie. God rest his soul. The first time I saw this it scared me (I was a kid). Ever since I saw this movie a second time I loved it. At one point I tape it off T.V. then I lost it. I  haven't been able to find it untill now. I had to buy it.  I glad Amazon  carried it. David Bowie is a hotty in tights. &quot;Faint&quot; He rocks my  world. This movie need more than 5 stars. This is a great movie kids and  kids at heart.   =)
0790729652|4.0|This is a great film on DVD. The best one yet. This a movie that may have even let you root for the bad guy. So I give this 4 stars out of 5.
6305372411|5.0|This is great for family viewing.  There is a great order to viewing these tapes.  Watch tape one and two then watch the movie &quot;October Skys&quot; then watch tape three, four, five, and six.
1558807381|5.0|This movie rocks. Like it, Love it, You need to get it
B00000JMOF|5.0|This and Bride of Frankenstien together are by far the best version of the story of all time. Show me another frankenstien movie that has more balls than these do.
6304618344|5.0|iT MAY HVE ALOT OF CURSING BUT STILL YOU SHOULD BUY IT !  =
0792838068|5.0|There is no competition when it comes to greatest actors.  Nicolas Cage is THE best.  Now of course that's just my opinion, but i feel strongly about it.  The reason?...this movie.  This is one of the most beautifully  touching movies of all time.  You can tell that the Cage and Shue  characters are really in love..and would do anything for each other..except  he just couldn't and wouldnt....stop drinking.  There are several  disturbing parts in this film, that are extremely tastelfully done.  The  love scenes, are very touching.  Cage is in top form for this film, and it  shows.  Ater all, it was said that he actually would get drunk and  videotape himself, in order to study for playing the character of Ben  Sanderson.  THAT is pure dedication to acting.  So, feel free to check this  film out.  Sure, you may not like it..but you'll never know unless you try.
B000002UAU|5.0|Whoever called this album 'enjoyably silly' hit the nail right on the head. The Beatles might have absorbed the same American influences as their British peers in the early 60's, but they never lost their Englishness -  and hence, their love of whimsy, absurdity and parody. In a very real  sense, the band are spiritual counterparts of Monty Python (it's no  accident that Lennon and McCartney were great fans of the Goon Show.) A  song like 'When I'm Sixty-Four' can only be fully felt (as opposed to  understood) by someone from their homeland (if I hadn't spent years of my  life in England, I don't think I would have 'got it'.) 'Lovely Rita', 'Mr.  Kite' - all songs that have a peculiarly English flavour of nostalgia about  them. But it's on this album too that the Beatles demonstrated their  ability to defy classification - 'A Day in The Life', one of the most  potent statements ever made about human indifference, has no parallel in  the history of music, unless one hears faint echoes of Lennon's  subconscious mentor, Bob Dylan. 'With a Little Help...' the perfect song  for Everyman. So is this the greatest album of all time? Who knows? Who  cares?
B00000JZC4|3.0|This is the kind of music that destroys your speakers.  The music is furious, pounding, and sharp.  The tunes are catchy and there's enough layers of instruments to keep each listening as good as the first.  My only  complaint is that the lyrics are weak enough to be annoying.  Think REM  lyrics.
B00001NFCY|3.0|I heard the song &quot;Higher&quot; and couldn''t wait to pick this CD up. I bought it on the day it came out, in fact. When I got it, it was way different than what I had expected. The songs tend to drone together as one  big groan-fest. Higher is definitely the best on the CD. I'd rather but the  single, if I were you.
0780626966|5.0|Well, if you like the Nightmare films, your DVD collection is uncomplete without this boxed set, buy it!
6304639457|5.0|I've always been captivated by the magic that is Fleetwood Mac, but this concert simply blew me away!!!!  I've never heard such musicianship, such showmanship, and so many memorable points in one show (the final number is  simply amazing, but I won't march over anyone's feet and give it  away...hehehe)  It's too bad more of today's artists can't perform  live(ie-Janet Jackson's Velvet Rope video) or provide this much of a show  so sincerely and artfully.  This is a MUST-HAVE for any Mac fan, or those  who are interested in hearing them for the first time!!!!!
B00000F5KH|5.0|This movie &quot;reads&quot; like a novel.  It is a journey that takes the viewer from the train station of Brazil, to the slums, and all the way to &quot;Anonymous Paradise&quot;--where houses are no different from each  other.<br />I watched this film at a film festival here in Manila.  This is an  amazing piece of work.  The main protagonists (Dora and Josue) are both  flawed and real.<br />Some would probably complain that the subtitles tend to  become obtrusive.  However, I wouldn't want this dubbed because it might  take away the value of Montenegra's performance.<br />Rent this, buy  this--hell, steal this!!!
B00001U03Q|4.0|Every veteran Clapton fan ought to know better: As label compilations go, &quot;Chronicles&quot; is about as well as Warner Bros could have done for Clapton on a single disc, and it's not a bad one.  It collects almost all  of his radio successes since he signed with WB in '81, including his  soundtrack contributions -- a fine approach for introducing casual fans and  encouraging further exploration of the guitarist's incindiery talents.  If  there are omissions here from the WB years, I'd cite singles from the two  overlooked albums: &quot;R&amp;R Heart&quot; from &quot;Money &amp;  Cigarettes,&quot; and &quot;Motherless Child&quot; from &quot;From the  Cradle.&quot;  Otherwise, hard-core fans ought to know this is a lark for  their hopefully ever-expanding collection.  If you want rare live  performances and outtakes, hit the internet for bootlegs or wait for the  next boxed set.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This has been my ultimate favorite move since i was like 4 years old.  I always had the biggest crush on David Bowie and always wanted to be just like Sarah(Jennifer Connely).  Do yourself a huge favor, rent or buy this  movie no mattah what!
0783225903|4.0|I hesitate to say &quot;flawed&quot; because what it really amounts to is  a personal judgement call. I like this movie a lot and own it in VHS and DVD. I love the jabs at retro-future. It's as though technical innovation  stopped around 1968, but refinement of existing technology continued. I  love the way that the characters accept their surroundings -- some  resentfully and some happily naive.<br />The scene in the fancy restaraunt is  absolutely full of memorable vignettes, but what strikes me most is after  the bomb goes off and most of the diners simply choose not to acknowledge  that everything is not perfectly fine. The orchestra members -- some of  them a little charred -- pick up their instruments and continue playing a  nice upbeat melody. The staff bring ready-at-hand screens so the diners  need not be upset by the sight of the dead and dying.<br />But the dream  fights with the Asian metal monster (representing what, exactly?) instantly  put me straight into a narcoleptic sleep. Gilliam uses similar sequences in  (all?) of his movies -- the lead character fighting with his demons. Note  to Terry Gilliam: There has GOT to be a better way for you to show inner  struggle / insanity. Please! Even the flight sequences are too much.  Jonathan Pryce's facial expressions are sufficiant.  Oh well... like I say,  I truely love this movie... but...
6300214753|5.0|I only saw this movie the first time last year, I knew it was great. Ferris was cool, His girlfriend  was hot, And who wouldn't want to be Cameron after the pool scene! It was just a hillarious film, it captures  the feeling of being a senior in High School.
6305627401|5.0|Tying such diverse elements together as a musical, the Geniuses behind South Park have struck again.  I heartily reccomend this movie to anyone who thinks that censorship has gotten ridiculous. This is also a great film  for people who love to pick &quot;stolen&quot; gags or scenes from other  movies, as there are lines and scenes from such movies as &quot;Star trek:  the search for Spock&quot; and such musicals as &quot;Les Miserables&quot;.  A warm, witty and sometimes hard edged film, It is assembled in the form of  a broadway musical and remains true to what fans have expected from a South  Park cartoon.
6302973724|5.0|sound is excellent, songs great atmosphere is amazing...fabulous vide
0553213105|5.0|I have always loved classic literature, and belive Jane Austen to be one of the best classic authors! &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; and &quot;Jane Eyre&quot; are my two favorite books of all time. I think Austen was  brilliant in this book because she is able to write so well about (and  let's face it, fellow Austen fans--) such a mundane story line! The plot is  very simply the story of five un-wed sisters and their very normal life at  trying to get engaged. That's all there is to it. Why, then do we find this  work so intoxicatingly enchanting? It is because of Austen's brilliant way  with words...her descriptions of her witty heroine and handsome hero.<br />If  you like this book, I highly recommend reading Emma by Jane Austen and my  other fave-- Jane Eyre. :) I give this book six stars!
0515123447|2.0|What a major let down.  The main character, Jack Reacher, is superhuman.  He can do anything - including destroying the bad guys - no matter what.  Thank God for all that militiary training;otherwise poor Jack would never  be able to kill all those bad guys.  It takes no effort to   ice  four,five,six slugs all at once and then return to his lover's arms for a  little TLC.
0451169514|3.0|This book was interesting , scary , it was an edge of your seat thriller that kept you wanting to read it.
0440178002|5.0|i truely reccomend this novel to any person in or above the highschool reading level!
B00000J2KX|5.0|Despite the obvious limitations inherent to this DVD, this  film &quot;shines&quot; through. Kubrick delivers an absolutely brilliant interpretation of King's novel. The film itself continues to be a personal  cult favorite, but the Kubrick touches should cement this opus in the  pyschological horror hall of fame. Kubrick manages to film at  simultaneously alternative depths. The soundtrack is superb -  excrutiatingly effective. Casting is sublime. Jack 's role requires no  comment: what scene has been more memorable in this actor's entire  repertoire than his axe wielding confrontation with Wendy? Ms. Duvall,  while mildly abrasive, is effective at creating support for Jack as the  anti-protangonist. Danny Lloyd nearly steals the show (if it weren't for  Jack) as the innocently attuned lad who survives the madness. Scatman  Crothers also delivers a memorable performance as Danny's extra-sensory  mentor. This DVD's faults include a lame audio/video duplication and no  option, at least, for the 1:66 to 1 format; nonetheless, I am thrilled to  own this film on DVD and am infintiely pleased with the inclusion of Vivian  Kubrick's &quot;The Making of...&quot; which will prove incredibly  insightful for any Kubrick fan or The Shining fanatic.
6302518423|5.0|Unlike most films, wherein the sole purpose is to lull the viewer into various stages of stupor, &quot;Prospero's Books&quot; is a true work of Art (note the capital &quot;A&quot;), which places great demands upon the  viewer. I'm not surprised, reading other viewers' reviews, that some found  it so wretched...clearly, these are people who come to a movie for  entertainment, not to be challenged or deeply moved. For &quot;Prospero's  Books&quot; is difficult--visually dazzling, yes, but difficult, and can  probably not be comprehended without first seeing Shakespeare's &quot;The  Tempest&quot; performed live...and recently! The viewer must WORK, but it's  time well-spent. The film will remain vividly in your memory for years to  come. &quot;Caliban's Dance&quot; is, in and of itself, worth the purchase  price for the video. Buy it now if your mind is receptive to great and  terrible beauty.
B00000DMJF|5.0|About all these Band vs band comparisons... if you hate this album so much, why are you here in the first place?
B00000ILBK|4.0|Whereas, Wrath of Khan and First Contact stand on their own as terrific films, whether you're a ST fan or not, Insurrection, has to rank up there with Final Frontier and Generations:  films that despite their plot holes  and somewhat disappointing special effects, succeed because we Trekkers  love the characters, and they stay true to the original Trek concepts.   <br />However, I must say that Paramount has really missed the boat on these  DVDs.  Insurrection comes with a lame 10 minute making-of featurette, but  that's it.  Let's face it, we Trekkers are the ones who WOULD sit through a  two hour director's commentary, or 5 theatrical trailers, or real  behind-the-scenes documentaries, etc.  <br />If you liked the film, then by  all means buy the DVD, but I suspect that down the road, Paramount will  release a Special Edition box set with all of the extra crap.  Until then,  my widescreen video editions of Star Treks 1-8 will have to do.
B00000K2SC|5.0|It was the best movie I ever saw. The graghic were great. It some times was a little confusing but if you stick with it you will think it is great too. It was, overall, the best movie.
0446310786|2.0|But I think someone needs to hear both opinions. I read this book because I heard it was so good, a classic, etc. In fact, I was less than impressed. It was slow, and at certain parts I found myself wanting to skip ahead or  even stop reading it. If you have any idea that this book is about racism  and the unfairness of our courts, you will be dissapointed when you wait  through half the book just to get to the five or six chapters dealing with  the actual case. Most of this book is the story or Scout and her family,  and doesn't make for what I call a gripping novel.
0446310786|5.0|Just read it-you'll see
B0000025BL|5.0|Meatloaf put together one of his best albums in &quot;Bat out of Hell&quot;
6305627401|5.0|This is the funniest movie ever made in my opinion.  The jokes are great, the plot is one of the best I've ever seen, and it's just great all around.       Yes it is extremely vulgar, but without the cursing the movie would  just be some stupid kids trying to save two guys.  Well whoopidy do da  another stupid drama!  Who cares!     I highly recommend this movie to  anyone who has the slightest sense of huumor.
B00000064G|5.0|I first came to grips with how great Pink Moon is about 12 years ago. I was recording a bunch of my vinyl on to cassettes to play in the car. When it came time to make a Nick Drake compilation I played all his albums to  pick out the songs I wanted. About 4 songs in I realized what a damn shame  it would be to break it up at all. Pink Moon grabs you from the opening  notes and doesn't let up until the very end. It's an absolutely absorbing  song cycle, a truly absorbing and hypnotic piece of work.
006017322X|5.0|If trapped on a deserted island with only two books with me, this would be one of them. I first read this book in 5th grade and it became on instant favorite for me. If you don't have this book, get it. It belongs on  everyones bookcase.
6305064490|5.0|THIS MOVIE CAN MOVE MOUNTANS ANYWHERE, IT WILL MAKE YOUR HEART BEAT WIYH HAPPINESS,SADNESS,AND EXCITMENT. YOU WILL FEEL THE JOY'S, THE PAIN, AND THE THRILL OF NOT KNOWING WHO YOU ARE, AND AT THE END YOU WILL BELIEVE IN  ANGELS.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I bought the CD, went to the concert and bought the video! Her concert was fabulous with standing ovations before she even finished singing a song. The CD will grow on you the more you listen to it.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time years ago and its been my favorite ever since. i love the songs. i am so glad i was able to find it to buy.
6300248550|5.0|I just recently watched this version for the first time. I had begun to despair of ever seeing adequate portrayals of Jane and Mr. Rochester on film. Here it is. Zelah Clarke is amazing as Jane, and Timothy Dalton  completely becomes Mr. Rochester. Yes, some say he's too tall and too  handsome for the role. But those eyes! That voice! He's such a mesmerizing  actor that one doesn't hold his good looks against him. Also this version  is very faithful to the book, more so than any of the other versions I've  seen, and I've seen them all. This is the &quot;sine qua non&quot; of Jane  Eyres. Don't miss it!
630508999X|1.0|Hip. I hate that word. Any time you read a professional review of Scream it will tell you how hip this movie is. Well who cares, I want to be scared and watch teenagers die not be entertained with how cool everything is (If  I want cool, I'll watch Happy Days). Well the teens do die. Just not very  well. As for being scared. Forget it. You'd be just as scared watching Milo  and Otis or the Care Bears. I am not a big fan of any one in this film so  all the big names don't impress me. The story is o.k. infact it's the best  part of the film. It's just that without being scared and/ or entertained  then it fails. BTW Was I the only one who got annoyed watching Cox and  Campbell shoot one of the killer's Pulp Fiction style. A. It didn't look  right. B. Travolta and Jackson did it ten times cooler.
B00000K31Q|5.0|Shakespeare is, like, the best playwrite ever. This adaption is not only true to teens, but also to the base of &quot;Taming of the Shrew&quot;! To the one who said sexual inuendo every three minutes - i hate to tell you,  thats only at the beginning, and then it is hillarous! And definitly  &quot;true&quot; to teen's interpriatations of life!<br />If you don't buy  this movie, then you missed out on something great.
B000002HH2|4.0|Bjork might be somewhat of an acquired taste, but even if you don't like her you have to admit that she is completely original and unlike any other artist out there. Bjork is always ahead of her time! Not all the songs on  Post blew my mind but the ones that did (HyperBallad especially) make this  album one of my favorites. Become a Bjork fan, you can always wow  non-Bjorkers with her wonderful voice and melodic weirdness :) (Plus, Bjork  is so adorable! I love seeing her in interviews just to hear her talk! :)
6304056818|5.0|The Synopsis and video description are false... Not about two killers or a guy getting shot and looking for vengence..     This is what it should say...     In the year 2200, a spaceship venture to the planet Altair-4  where an earth colony had myteriously vanished years before.... Only by  harnessing the technology of an ancient civilization can the psace  explorers solve the mystery that plagues this remote planet.    I'm a big  Robby the Robot fan so I love this film.. That that isn't the only reason..  It's a great film for '58.. ...  Also I'd like to add - the Amazon review is off. The robot in this film is Robby, the one and only. The robot in Lost in Space was B9/The Robot. There are big difference between the two robots. Though they are often confused. Robby was. in fact, in two episodes of the 1st season of Lost in Space interacting with B9/The Robot.
6304458894|1.0|I saw the movie 2 years ago when I was in the States. When I heard about it the critics were full of praise for it, so I thought that it has got to be good and was even considering to buy it without having seen it first.  When I saw the movie I was greatly disappointed, it truly was a waste of my  time. The story is so lame and the acting is more than just bad. There were  some moments that made me laugh but that happened only rarely. One can  watch the movie once but then you will have had enough of it. It is bad and  will Never be part of my video collection
B000002C1Z|5.0|There appears to be an unfortunately divisive element in the Pink Floyd fan club - those who followed Roger Waters to his solo career, and those who breathed a sigh of relief when Dave Gilmour and his pals (don't forget  the brilliant compositional skills of Nick Mason - Speak to Me?  Inspired...And John Bonham learned how to play the drums from Ummagumma)  were left alone to make Division Bell etc.<br />It might be expected, as a  big fan of Page, Clapton and Hendrix, that I would follow the Gilmour camp  with a disgusted sneer at Waters and his &quot;pretentious&quot; lyrics.  Well...no. And part of the reason is this album - for me Animals represents  the transition of Pink Floyd from Obscured By Clouds rock band to The Wall  rock icons, [not particularly inspirational] self-professed political  spokespersons, and, most importantly, pioneering and archetypal musicians.  It was not the first concept album, not the first time Dylaneque brilliance  shone through in lyrics (obviously), not the first time even that excellent  music had been combined with these two.<br />However - and forgetting that  Dave Gilmour is a superb guitarist, as the solo on Pigs and, more  importantly for me, the Dogs performance, demonstrates - what this mid-life  Pink Floyd reached was the sublime: Gilmour was given the chance to touch  the stars by his visionary partner...For me, the most memorable words in  music, if only for as simple a reason as the way they are sung, are  &quot;After a while you can work on points for style...the firm handshake,/  A certain look in the eye and an eeeaaasy smile&quot;.<br />And to those who  complain about Roger Waters' increasing influence over the band - I wonder  that so many plaudits were thrown at the Smashing Pumpkins, an accomplished  band that managed to produce Mellon Collie and The Infinite Sadness, a  highly recommended album, but one with almost deafening limitations...sorry  Billy Corgan - but you don't even have a good voice.<br />I am not going to  argue whether this is one of Pink Floyd's best album. But whether you are a  Beatles, Stones, Who, Zeppelin, Pumpkins, Radiohead or Beautiful South fan  - if you appreciate these bands for their musical qualities and lyricism  (OK - not Zeppelin!), not their populism or image, then surely this album  must stick out for its simplicity as much as its complexity.<br />If you've  read this far, congratulations, and send me an email.ot going to  argue whether this is one of Pink Floyd's best album. But whether you are a  Beatles, Stones, Who, Zeppelin, Pumpkins, Radiohead or Beautiful South fan  - if you appreciate these bands for their musical qualities and lyricism  (OK - not Zeppelin!), not their populism or image, then surely this album  must stick out for its simplicity as much as its complexity.<br />If you've  read this far, congratulations, and send me an email.
B00002E285|5.0|I LOVE THIS MOVIE.IT MAKES ALOT OF SENSE ON MANY DIFFERENT LEVELS.PINK FLOYD REALLY KNEW HOW TO EXPRESS IN MUSIC AND VIDEO HOW CERTAIN EVENTS IN LIFE CAN SCREW YOU UP.NOTHING COMPARES..........
B00000JCOV|5.0|this is the heaviest band i've heard in ages, with great riffs and an octopus for a drummer.  and a great live band.  buy this.
0385493800|5.0|I just finished reading Scott Turow's latest, and I wasn't sure if I was ready for another legal page-turner (the Turow, btw, truly sucked lemons!).  I certainly enjoyed this one.  I was pleased to see a Christian theme of  redemption as the centerpiece of a contemporary novel.  This seems to be a  growing phenomenon in American culture: more and more of us baby boomers  are beginning to acknowledge our old-time religion in order to make sense  of our lives.  See &quot;Three Kings&quot; in the theaters for other  examples of characters who find the strength to do heroic deeds through  Christian faith.  I'm encouraged.<br />This was just a great book.  I think  the heirs could have been drawn a little more sympathetically, but their  materialism and greed  ring true to life.  The sharpie lawyer Hark Gettys  was fascinating; I hope to see him again sometime, Mr. Grisham.
B000003TA4|4.0|Nirvana brought the PIXIES sound to the mainstream listening public. And for this accomplishment alone, this cd is worthy of 4 stars.
0385495315|5.0|This is a subject I have had interest in for many years but the first time I've read a book about codes and ciphers. I recommend it. It clarified a lot of things about this facinating subject. Get it, the price in right.
B00000IL1K|4.0|I've looked through some of these innane comments from so many different listeners. Some say mean things who don't like it, and some try to describe it as music from the heavens. Gawd! Just take it for what it is. Lovely  music from a very talented woman. Why so many adjectives!
6303972810|5.0|I own the VHS version of this movie, but I would still like to get my hands on the DVD version (if it existed).  You'd think they'd be willing to make quite a few extra bucks by releasing it again.  I have never seen this  movie in letterbox format, and am sure it's an even better experiance that  way. This moview should be released in theathres again as well!
1573301043|5.0|&quot;MY ALL&quot; AND &quot;MAKE IT HAPPEN&quot; WERE THE BEST SONGS IN THIS... TOO BAD CELINE DION WAS THERE TO RUIN THE CONCERT.
B00000BKI4|5.0|If Brian Wilson and John Lennon had co-written a record and allowed Tom Waits to produce it, Deserter's Songs is what it might sound like.  It has a retro feel but the songs themselves are haunting, repetative, and shimmer  in the distance.  I guess the musical saw is a cliche, but I haven't heard  too much of it, and I think that here it works.  However, if you are  expecting rock and roll, go far elseware. This has more in common with  classical leider and Brecht-Weil songs than it does Indie rock.
0060207051|5.0|There never has been, and never will be, a children's book quite as wonderful as GOODNIGHT MOON. My mom read this to me when I was little, and I've bought it for other young ones since then because it was my favorite  as a child. The pictures and words alone are more soothing than a thousand  nighttime rockings. <br />This is an American classic, and it's not hard to  see why. It's simple, it's lovely and it's downright perfect. Buy it for  anyone expecting a child. They'll thank you for it.
630349255X|5.0|Look for it first quarter of 2000 - it's already available packaged w/ certain DVD Players - worth every penny!
0767836286|5.0|Arlington road is an absolutely amazing film.  The opening sequence will suck you right in.  The film continues to keep you interested until it knocks you off your feet in the end.  The camera work is absolutely  brillant and the lighting is superb. It also happens to be brillantly  acted.  This is a shocker that shouldn't be missed.   Give this film a  chance.
B00001OH80|5.0|a great album. not bowies best. if I rated it and compared it to his others it would get a 3 or 4. But on its own, as an album its really good.
B000002UAU|5.0|Some of the people here are really trying to find this album not good. And saying this album is overrated is so much nonsense. How can that be?  Can somebody tell me that! :)
B00000DFTG|4.0|I enjoyed the two new studio tracks quite a bit, but as far as the actual concert I had a few problems.  First of all I was very surprised to hear very little talk about the reunion from the band during the show.   Secondly, Ozzy for some reason decided to go off on an uncalled for evening  of  filth mouth that I never heard on his tribute album or speak of the  devil.  It was dissapointing to say the least,  The good side was definetly  the selection of music.  Ozzy is very good at sounding very similiar to the  studio songs live.  I liked the fact that they played Dirty Women and  included a number of other tracks that you would not expect.  Not bad  overall and in my opinion they actually sounded just as good as ever!
0201626632|4.0|This is a sobering book, admonishing its readers that they can't just float along through school and expect everything to turn out just peachy without some serious forethought and action early on. I first read this  book before I had started my doctoral work, then re-read it the year I  graduated, and learned new information for success as a scientist. While  some of the information seems to be common sense (such as the invaluable  skill of networking), I have seen many a postdoc with their eyes on their  lab bench and a &quot;leave me alone&quot; attitude, then they wonder why  they can't find a &quot;real&quot; job... If only they had read this book!
0780625633|5.0|Norton makes you double think about your actions towards others. This movie is a great wake up call to all.
B000002V07|5.0|if you like depressing romantic music this is for you. it's a perfect Cd for a rainy day.  There is nothing like this group. they are awesome
B000002UAX|5.0|What are the limits of rock music? The Beatles set out to find them on this expansive effort, and lead us through an amazing barrage of styles, including tongue-in-cheek parody, surrealism and haunting sincere beauty.  God, they were versatile. I've not seen the like since.
B00000K19E|5.0|Saw it three times in the theatre - something I've never done before
B00000IL1K|5.0|This is my first Sarah Brightman purchase and I'm totally blown away.  What an incredible voice!  I'm listening to it right now and I can not say enough good things about this CD. If you enjoy female vocals in general  (I'm a fan of Enya, Annie Lennox, Sarah McLachlan and Loreena McKennit),  this will be a great addition to your collection.  I especially like track  4 &quot;Anytime, Anywhere.&quot;  Just amazing.  This is the kind of music  I can't play while driving because I get too caught up in the music.  I am  almost brought to tears.  This is just excellent.
0767821629|5.0|When Dark City came out in 1998, it wasn't very popular because of its dark themes and plot that was confusing and lacked the luster of regular Hollywood thrillers.  Nevertheless, it is a brilliant psychological movie  that blows away Bladerunner by comparison.   I first encountered Craig  Bierko (Douglas Hall) in The Long Kiss Goodnight in 1996.  I had no idea  that his role in that movie was his film premiere, but I said to myself  that this guy was a great actor.  Sure enough, I was right.   The  Thirteenth Floor is a complicated story about a software executive named  Hannon Fuller, who is murdered because of a secret he mistakenly uncovered.   But he left a note to his right hand man, Hall, telling him the  information.  But Hall has to find the letter in the computer dreamworld  created by Fuller, and he has to find it fast because the police have named  him the prime suspect in Fuller's murder.   With a dazzling storyline, and  acting that far exceeds the Long Kiss Goodnight, Bierko, Gretchen Mol, and  Vincent D'onofrio light up the screen as they each have to play multiple  roles (Bierko plays three different personalities!).   After watching this  movie, you will appreciate good acting, along-side a solid story in front  of a good director.
B000005JXG|5.0|While &quot;Rum, Sodomy, and the Lash&quot; may be my favorite overall Pogues album, there are several songs on this album that are as great as any music I've ever heard, particularly &quot;Lullaby of London&quot;,  &quot;Fairytale of New York&quot; and the raging title track.  The whole  album is wonderful, though, and further evidence of Shane Macgowan's  peerless gift as a lyricist.
0140186395|5.0|I am amazed by critics here ripping apart Steinbeck's writing ability.  my only previous exposure was &quot;The Pearl&quot; and &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot; in high school years ago.  I read this book on a friend's  recommendation and was moved by Steinbeck's powerful use of language.  The  Chinese cook Lee and his commentary on the Cain and Abel story helped me  understand the importance of man's free will in ways I never had before.  What more can we ask of great literature beyond a new understanding?
6303212379|5.0|This is a wonderful children's fantasy/adventure about a group of young kids who go out searching for buried treasure in hopes to save their homes and town and end up on an adventure of their lives.  This is a gallery  who's who of young talent, all whom develop characters to make you relive  being young and adventurous.  This movie works best with the adolescents to  young teens, but is in no way out of touch for us grown-ups.
6305537798|5.0|I didn't want to see this movie.  I rented it because my friend wanted to see it and the guys were cute.  Once I saw it I LOVED it.  I have watched it 3 times in 2 days.  Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger are great.  I loved  Heath in Roar and I love him in this.  I can't wait to see his next movie.   It was great, not another stupid teen flick.  It is a must see and I would  add it to my DVD collection if it came in standard format.  When that day  happens it will be mine.  Until then I will look for it on VSH as should  you.  You'll love it.  Go rent or buy it today.
6304994540|5.0|Could this movie be the funniest of all time?  Maybe.  It's extremely hilarious!  It does seem to be more of a &quot;guy&quot; flick, and you do have to watch it a couple times, but it is a real belly laugh. I've always  like Jeff Bridges, but he earns new respect here. Goodman is classic and  Buesmi isn't seen enough.  All star cast. Hilarious fun!   Don't miss it.
0316286850|5.0|This is a great book that has tons of great looks and tips on makeup....the best part is the made-over celebrities, such as Lisa Marie Presley as Marilyn Monroe.
0140544518|5.0|This story is from the Wolf's point of view.  Now who should we believe?  Maybe we have had the story wrong all of these years, maybe not!  11 of us think the Pigs are telling the truth, 9 of us believe the Wolf.  Read this  book and see what you think.
B000002UEB|5.0|A friend of mine turned me onto Queensryche in 1988 when this album first came out. It took the rest of the country about a year to &quot;discover&quot; it. I also saw them on tour opening for Metallica that  year. It was a phenomenol show! This is far and away their best album. It  is like &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; but with balls.
B00000F5KH|5.0|I was browsing this category and found this excellent movie, but in the wrong category.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie will become a obligatory reference for future action/thriller moviemakers all over the world.  It certainly lets you see Hollywood at its best, but then again, so did Titanic, and other than the special effects  when the ship sinks, the story could have been told inland.  The Matrix is  THE PERFECT action/thriller/special FX movie!  I can't wait for no matter  how many more they make! I do resent, however, the fact that the DVD  version comes only in a mini widescreen version (not even the standard  widescreen)...
B00000K19E|4.0|Great Special FX! and I don't like science fiction all that much either. But The Matrix hit the spot.  The little romance at the end didn't quite fit in but all in all, it was a fab movie. This movie evokes thought as well as entertains.
B00000634J|5.0|Really good CD with most of Lennon's best. One problem I have with all the compilations of Lennon's &quot;Greatest Hits&quot;: why do they always leave out his Beatles stuff ? Is this because of copyright issues ?    Anyway, it's good to see 'Nobody Told Me' get included. Such a good song.   My favorite song in the CD is (Just Like) Starting Over. Also Woman,  Imagine and Mind Games are incredible.<br />John Lennon is my personal musical  god!!
B00000JCB3|5.0|this cd is much better than their first.  breakstuff is the best.<br />who ever gave one star is wacked it rocks who ever said fred durst dosen't sing was right he more or less raps so, shut up!!
B00001QGPR|1.0|What the hell happened?  I was misled into thinking this album was going to be great.  I hope Bowie doesn't sing these songs tousher in the new year.  I really have to question themajority of Bowie fans who thought this  album was his best work in twenty years.  Depression must be popular again!      And that's the bottom line cuz stone cold and the future world series  champions &quot;the atlanta braves&quot; said so!
0446525537|5.0|Sparks touches every emotion of the human race in this touching novel.  I recommend this book to all ages. Good wholesome writing.
068484267X|4.0|I enjoyed reading Angela's Ashes, however, I was rather annoyed by the ending.  Never have I seen such a blatant attempt to &quot;force&quot; a sequel!  I mean, Frank is on the boat, he's coming to America, and  then....that's it!  What sort of a denouement is that!  None!  It's as if  Frank McCourt said, &quot;OK, now you have to buy my next book!&quot;<br />Two  other comments/questions: 1)  How in the world was Angela able to afford  Frank's dancing lessons when her children were dying of  starvation/malnutrition? 2)  Why is the book called Angela's Ashes?  (Does  anyone know?  Has the author ever said?)
B000001EHS|5.0|A sensational cd full of the best melodies and hooks you could ever wish to listen to. <br />It still sounds great after repeated listening.<br />Even if you only know a few of the tunes, go out and BUY IT NOW!!! Every track is a  winner.<br />Cannot recommend it any higher (It got my vote as cd of the  millenium)...<br />P.S For anyone that cares, the Australian version differs  from this in that Heaven Is, Action and Make love like a mean replace  Foolin' and Miss you in a heatbeat.
B000002AS1|5.0|This is one of those rare soundtracks that can bring someone like me, a 18 year old teen to tears in some parts of the score. I believe this to be silvestri's best work since his Back to The future Series . You can really  always tell a good soundtrack, by its ability to be heard over and over  again and to still move you in new ways. Like when jennifer is a little  girl and prays to god to be made into a bird to hide from her father with  forest in the fields is just so beautiful, you will feel so tingly and  tearful all of a sudden!<br />What a triumph! Anyone who loves this film is in  for a real treat and even those who dont will be able to admire silvestris  emense talent to capture human emotion in such an artistic and warming  manner :) Silvestri you have done it again mate :)
B0000071ZV|5.0|I got the album, just thinking that I knew only one or two tracks, but I knew most of them. I haven't stopped playing it in over a forthnight. It's fantastic.
6303332609|3.0|I enjoyed this movie.  I am unable to find it anywhere.  Its a mixture of comedy and horror.  The exagerated clown faces are humerous along with their other props and toys.
B00001MXWX|4.0|As a Star Trek fan I was curious about the so called curse of the odd numbered Treks. I think this one finally broke that. This film was everything one could expect from Star Trek. I liked that it was a light  outing as the last one was intense. This one was like a taking a breather  without compromising the series themes. The idea of slowing down, that each  moment is a universe in itself appealed to my Zen sensibilities.We should  take this to heart in our fast paced lifestyle with all its stresses and  crisis. Once again Star Trek gives a message to our culture . Perhaps we  should listen closer. A worthy entry in the series. I can't wait to see  what lies ahead in this series.
6305603847|3.0|The album is a masterpiece.  The film is like a really good film student project.  That is not to say it is bad really, rather it lacks the same groundbreaking production quality and innovation heard in the album.  A  much more satisfying music/movie experience is Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii.   Now that is something extraordinary.
0553278355|4.0|I am 42 years old and have just read The Bell Jar for the first time.  This is the story of a young woman in the 50's who did not fit the mold of what society at that time dictated that a woman should be.  She could not  accept this, and in the beginning, it was hard to feel sorry for her  because it seemed she gave up too easily.  She wanted to be a writer, she  didn't get into the writing class, and instead of taking some other course  and trying the writing course again later, she gave up and slipped into  depression.  Esther's character was starkly contrasted by the other  successful women characters. There were women doctors, women psychiatrists,  women editors.  Surely these characters also had gone up against the same  pressures and societal dictate that Esther experienced.  Yet they overcame  their obstacles whereas Esther succumbed to defeat.  The book was  fascinating and every well written.  I highly recommend it.
B00000K19E|4.0|DVD's like this one need to be available in full screen format not just wide screen. The wide screen format is not for everyone.I like the DVD quality but would like it without the black boarders.
B000002H33|5.0|Great cd. The songs &quot;master of puppets&quot; and &quot;battery&quot; are the best. One of metallicas best albums on which only 2 or 1 songs are not good. Here at amazon its a great price and they ship it in a fast and  safe way. BUY IT! IN MEMORY OF CLIFF BURTON OF METALLICA
B00000J7J4|5.0|I'd heard and liked his music before (I'm 55 now!)but I hadn't really paid attention to him...until I heard the #1 song a few weeks ago. I bought the cassette and I don't take it out of the player!! Now I bought 2 of his  videos and just taped the VH1 special on him.  I'm losing my marbles...  please make it stop!!!
B000002UKS|5.0|I just have to say that the third verse rant in Wind Up is superb--it catches the essence of the entire album. Although the harder songs are what drive this CD (Everlong and Monkey Wrench are the best), the soft songs  aren't lame and can be appreciated as suitable breaks in an otherwise  superbly constructed hard rock hour.
0790729725|5.0|Director: Martin Scorsese's The God of The Cinema, he's a gift from christ himself, this guy is gifted, and he and deniro, pesci, grew up in N.Y. coincidence? I think not.. this is the apitome of the ultimate mob  experience..if you wan't to live the life..but aren't involved..or are  considering it..then watch this film..it's an eye opener..you feel as if  your part of the crew..experieincing what they experience..this is the  greatest movie of all time..deniro's best role(and there are many) pesci's  Greatest Role..and Liotta's Shining Moment..there is absolutely nothing  wrong with this film.. so you gotta flip it, don't whine, it's not a  problem, takes a second, it's like back in the day, with the intermissions  in the theatre's, gives me a nostolgic feeling, doesn't bother me..long  live scorsese...and rest in peace with much respect to &quot;Mario  Puzo&quot; - The Godfather Trilogy,The Last Don Series, and of course his  published works..<br />~ Michael &quot;The Saint&quot;
B000002LEE|3.0|Let me say that I think Ritual de lo Habitual is my favorite CD in my entire collection. Nothing's Shocking just doesn't have that much on it. Although not a bad CD, it has 3 or so good songs. Ritual has 9, all 9,  without reservation. If you own Ritual and are looking for more of the  same, you won't find much here, as you will be shocked to find out.
B00000K19E|5.0|I just wanted ot add to the reams of people who feel as I do that it is an amazing film. It was a refreshing change to standard action movies, it has something new and I think many films will seek to copy it's style in the  years to come. If you've not seen it, then stop reading this, click on the  BUY button and don't even leae your house until it arrives and you can  watch it
6305079900|2.0|nothing spectacular about this dvd.  sound track is in mono. no special features. i suggest you spend your money on a production that offers more value for the dollar.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Fantastic. It's has wonderful lyrics and a great dance theme.  Cher has truly out done herself this time around.  Her voice is as powerful and wonderful as ever. This has made me a fan forever. Buy it! You won't regret  it. Long live the Diva!
B000002VMH|5.0|I do deep tissue body work, and this CD is incredibly inspiring.  Several of the high-powered tracks are not only beautiful to listen to, but keep me focused in my work.  She is still the diva.
B000001FG5|5.0|This album spawned three #1 hits(Tragedy,Too Much Heaven,Love You Inside Out[strangely missing here]),but it's no hits-plus filler package.Its got excellent R&amp;B falsetto ballads(Reaching Out,Stop Think Again,I'm  Satisfied), funky midtempo dance tracks(Search Find,Living Together),and  the gorgeous tropical-sounding title song that ranks it as their most  accomplised efforts.It also sounds less dated than most disco product of  that year because its more rooted in R&amp;B/pop.One of my favorite Bee  Gees albums!
0446525537|5.0|&quot;A Walk To Remeber&quot; is the best book I have read all year. I finished it in one day, I just could not put it down. As soon as I finished it I told everyone that they should read it. It was just as good as  &quot;Message In A Bottle&quot;, if not better. Mr. Sparks is an excellent  writer and I recommend everything he's ever written.
0486295559|5.0|In Mrs. Croft's statement &quot;we women don't want to be in calm waters all our lives&quot; Jane Austen and her heroine, Anne Elliott, move beyond the domestic, from the bracing sea air of Lyme, to glimpses into the  seafaring adventures of the Navy brethren.  This to me is the predominate  appeal of Persuasion - Anne, in her approaching maturity, is reunited with  her former suitor in what we may expect is a deeper, more heartfelt love,  having endured separation for so many years and she has the prospect of  joining him at sea.  My heart leaps to see her escaping domesticity and the  dull social duties as exemplified by Sir Walter and her sister Elizabeth.   Of course, Austen's use of language is perfect.  My favourite Austen novel.   The film adaptation with Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds exquisitely captures  the mood and characters of this book.
B0000047CX|5.0|Such an emotional piece of work, it makes me want to laugh and cry at the same time. Put it on, have a tumbler of Cointreau on the rocks handy, and let the music take you to the other places that exist in the world.<br /><br />So  right for certain moods, and brilliant in execution. There's hardly a  better way to spend such a small amount of money.
B000008FNB|2.0|I bought this set when it first came out, and I have barely listened to it since.  It's hard to imagine a more uninspired and generally disappointing tribute to this legendary band.  First, there is very little here that  hasn't been heard--often--before.  There are no B-sides--save for  &quot;Silver Springs,&quot; which any self-respecting fan had already  tracked down--and only a few unreleased live performances (none of them  particularly impressive).  According to the liner notes, several album  tracks are &quot;alternate mixes,&quot; but don't be fooled--they are  virtually indistinguishable from the originals.  Basically, we get a nearly  complete rehash of the material contained on their late-70s albums  (Fleetwood Mac, Rumours and Tusk), a smattering of stuff from the 80s, and  one token disc of pre-Buckingham/Nicks tunes.  Where are the unreleased  songs from the Rumours and Mirage sessions, or live material from the early  70s?  In short, where's stuff that isn't already eminently  familiar?<br />There are a few (a precious few) surprises.  For example, an  unedited version of &quot;Gypsy&quot; appears on Disc 2, confirming the  song's status as one of Stevie's finest moments.  And there's an  interesting, if not great, instrumental from Buckingham called &quot;Teen  Beat.&quot;<br />On the other hand, Danny Kirwan, the early Mac's most  interesting songwriter and a great guitarist, is criminally  under-represented.  And the four new songs (by Nicks, McVie and  Buckingham), while passable, are by no means essential.<br />For this kind of  money, all but the most die-hard completists would be best off buying  &quot;Fleetwood Mac,&quot; &quot;Rumours&quot; and &quot;Tusk,&quot; plus  one or two of the earlier albums--perhaps &quot;Then Play On,&quot;  &quot;Bare Trees&quot; or &quot;Future Games.&quot;<br />Those are the discs  that constitute the Mac's true legacy.  &quot;25 Years: The Chain,&quot;  meanwhile, comes off mostly as a lazily missed opportunity.
6300213714|5.0|This is my favourite movie of all time for many reasons.  The movie is obviously sensationalized and embellished to keep the majority interested, but is timeless.  I never get tired of seeing ajax, snow, cowboy, and swan  run out of 96th street station and encounter the furies....&quot;where are  they&quot;!!  I remember seeing these extra scenes that people are talking  about that were only shown on tv.  This situation has to be rectified....a  remastered version of this movie with the extra scenes!  The characters are  great, the one-liners classic,  the furies chilling.  The opening shot of  the wonder wheel always gets me.  &quot;Did we lose these *** clowns or  what&quot;!
0684867621|1.0|I have been a Stephen King fan for over 12 years now and have read every single book, I make a special trip to the nearest book store when a new book comes out--I did the same with this, drove 40 minutes to buy this  book. I was surprised it wasn't thick but it was Stephen King so I bought  it. I read this book in 1 day, I think I kept reading because I was waiting  for the &quot;good part&quot;. I'm still waiting. I've read some of the  other reviews and Stephen King is labeled a &quot;horror&quot; novelist  because that is what he is and for all of you who say this is a nice change  then you are not true Stephen King fans. I'm hoping his next book is like  the old stuff, I'm sure he has grown as a writer but that doesn't mean he  should change what he writes--just like the saying--&quot;If it ain't  broke, don't fix it&quot;
6304806469|5.0|I find this movie one of many G rated family entertainment movies. I have the VHS tape, I'm buying this one so I won't have to worry about loosing it quality color.  A GREAT family movie
0446525537|5.0|I stayed in the tub two hours because I could not stop reading until it was done.  Definately worth your time.  So short, but sweet.  A real tear jerker.  Not to mention making me want to volunteer at an orphanage right  away.
0425156842|5.0|A book inside a book, it describes Philosophy interms a child (me) can understand.
0790729369|5.0|Yes, it is a love story. A wonderfully moving and touching and heart wrenching love story. But also, and very importantly, it is the story of how women, mothers, give themselves up for their families. Many women feel  the way francesca felt. They bury their dreams and no one ever knows who  they really were. As a mother myself, although I am married to my  &quot;robert kincaid&quot;, (my true love) I could relate to that feeling  of having stopped so your children can move on. We must not do this to  ourselves or to our families. This movie made me realize that I, as a  person, deserve to have my own and separate existence so my children do not  find journals after my death and only then discover who their mother really  was. EXCELLENT MOVIE! and now I must read the book.
B000002MFN|5.0|In an album that should be hailed as a masterpiece, listeners can find Madonna at her most wickedly delicious.  From the low growl of the sexually hip title track to the starry eyed lover in &quot;Rain&quot;, Madonna  allows listeners to experince the highs and lows of just living. While  enjoying a rare cover of the cabaret standard &quot;Fever&quot;, listeners  can learn of Madonna's sorrow over bad habits in &quot;Bad Girl&quot;, and  listen as she professes self love, acceptence, and joy in  &quot;Waiting&quot;, &quot;Words&quot;, and the ultra jazzy &quot;Secret  Garden&quot;.  This is a disc that has received bad press( and still  continues to) due to the equally liberal( yet still yummy) art book  &quot;SEX&quot;.  Pay it no mind, &quot;EROTICA&quot; is an incredible  album, filled with impressive music that is definately amoung her greatest  work.
6304082428|5.0|This A&amp;E/BBC miniseries is a true masterpiece, bringing Jane Austen's most popular novel to life in a near perfect production. It has everything: authentic Regency Period atmosphere, costumes, settings, a beautiful  musical score, excellent performances by a well-chosen cast. Andrew Davis's  script does full justice to Austen's original. Colin Firth is excellent as  Mr. Darcy, but Jennifer Ehle just takes my breath away with her magnificent  performance, which catches every nuance of Elizabeth Bennet's character  exactly right in every scene. It is a pleasure to watch all 4 1/2 hours  straight through again and again. As a longtime devoted admirer of Jane  Austen's works, I am very critical of any movies based upon her novels, but  this has to be one of the very best adaptations of any major literary work.
0789423952|4.0|This book is good for all but it is great for first timers.  Has most of the knots you could want...but of course not all.  I'm still looking for a knot book to compliment this one.  I've been looking at a lot of knot books  and this one is a very well rounded book. If your going to only have one  knot book..this is the one
6300267881|5.0|this movie made me keep a light on in my room when i was 10.when I watch the movie today i still get a little freaked out but at the same time laugh my head off.there are not to many scary movies these days and I have to say  this is probably one of the scarest ive seen and ive seen to many horror  movies.The second exorist was just weird there was this fly flying around  and an i just keep laughing over that the movie itself wasnt scary at  all.the third one was alright it was kind of scary but not as good as the  first.
B000002LVB|3.0|this album starts out with one of the most incredible 1-2-3 punches of all time. the first three songs (who loves the sun, sweet jane, and rock and roll) will all blow you away. the song new age is also incredible, but  after that the album has a bunch of weird or bad songs. i don't like the  song lonesome cowboy bill at all. if you get the version with the studio  out-takes has some amazing songs on it. the early versions of satelite of  love and sad song are much better than the versions on lou's solo albums.
B00001QGPS|5.0|As solo hip-hop artists, both Redman and Method-Man are great.  However, ever since &quot;How High&quot;, it's been clear that together they are on a   whole different level.  The beats are off the  meat rack, but it's  their rapping that makes this album a must buy.  The fact that they not  only have a long standing working relationship, but are  truly partners in  crime is obvious.  This album has been a long time coming, and has been  truly worth the wait.  Nuff said!
B000001Y2U|5.0|This is the first marilyn manson album I got.  It blew me away.  Any marilyn manson fan must have this album.
6304539282|5.0|The Star Wars films make up the greatest continuing saga in movie history. It is amazing that I enjoyed them so much when originally released while in high school and college...and now my 9-year old son, Cooper, enjoys them as  much if not more than me. Keep on keepin' on, George Lucas!!
B00000JZIK|5.0|I was skeptical of this movie at first.  I was a little unsure of the timeline.  Many movies get you lost jumping back and forth between times.  The Usual Suspects gives you the time line quickly and with little wasted  time.  The story is a masterpiece and the acting is spectacular.  The  ending is the absolute best.  Bottom line: watch it.
B00000JZIK|5.0|This has to be one of my favorite movies.  I'm not really sure where some of the negative comments out here are coming from, but each to his own.  I think Kevin Spacey did an amazing job, and the rest of the cast worked well  together.
B00000IOSU|5.0|She has an incredible voice and her songs carry a great deal of emotional power behind them.  She is by far my favorite female vocalist and this CD is full of great songs.  Every track is awesome!  I think some of the other  performers, especially up and coming pop artists today should start taking  pages out of her book.  This could be the best CD you have ever bought.
0790738139|5.0|This Movie has all the charm of The Usual Suspects but has its own originality. It has action, suspence, suprises (a bunch), and romance.  If you're sick of shallow action, repetitive comedy and soppy romance, rent  (later on probably buy) this movie. You'll not be sorry.
6300246787|2.0|You would have to have some other reason to watch this than entertainment. It was long and draggy with very few high points. One was, of course, Louis Armstrong.  Even that wasn't his best.  Michael Crawford is always a joy.  How he has changed!  I own just about everything he ever did but I probably  won't buy this.
B00000ADG2|1.0|It's funny, I can never figure out the music business and MTV any more.  This is the most overrated, overhyped album I have ever heard, and yet they talk about it like it's gods gift to music fans.  I admit there are a couple  of tracks on this album that I like, but the rest forget about it.  Being a  somewhat introspective person myself, I understand that this album is a personal  expression of sort, but where is the melody on most of these tracks?  I love  soulful, heartfelt music as much as the next guy, and I think maybe some other  artists out there can learn that from Lauryn; however there isn't much else in  this album.  I think Brandy is much better than Lauryn, but doesn't get nearly  the credit she deserves.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|the offspring produce another great cd.''shes got issues'' and ''why dont you get a job are really funny.and for all the people that ask what is the secret track.it is a viloin, slow-motion version of pretty fly for a white  guy.one minute after pay the man.If you like blink-182 youll like this cd
B00001NFCY|4.0|some good songs but not a very original sound, if you like this then you should get some alice in chains, pearl jam, or soundgardan, which by the way are the bands that creed trys to sound like.
B000001IPL|4.0|I wouldnt give this cd 5 stars. Beacause i dont like some of the songs on the cd.the best tracks are ''come out and play'' and ''smash''.I think the offspring definitly improved on americana.I would reccomend both cds to  anyone who likes alternative.
0800196341|5.0|Hands down, Kenneth Branaugh is THE Shakespearean actor- of all time.  I have seen many a Shakespeare adaptation and, without a doubt, his interpretation of &quot;Hamlet,&quot; alone, has totally captivated &amp;  convinced me.  His passion is so intense, his speech so intricate, his  feeling so dramatic.  He is truly gifted.        I believe that even the  most confused and furthest from even pondering the works of Shakespeare  will be charmed into the linguistically artful world by simply viewing this  production.  Every last detail is covered; the setting alone speaks to you;  the costumes are beautiful.  I can't say enough in support of Kenneth  Branaugh's glorious film that will ever measure up to its deserved majesty.   So, all I can tell you is....GO SEE IT- period.  :)  <br />P.S. Once you've  fallen in love with this movie, make sure you catch Branaugh in &quot;Much  Ado About Nothing&quot; !  I highly recommend it!
B00000I0XW|5.0|The voice - clear as a bell! She makes you stop and truly listen and enjoy the music. These are all of my favorite A.L.W. songs and my children's too. My son has been listening to Cats and Phantom since he was four.But of all  the recordings we've heard and seeing the musicals live, only Sarah  Brightman has captured the magic and given justice to the words and music.  We will definently wear this CD out - better order 2!!
6303921248|5.0|One of my favorite movies of ALL time!  You fall in and out of love with the charcters and their situations.  Jane Austin is a suberb writer, I love all of her books.  This film is for any one who likes movies at all!
B000021Y74|5.0|to those who are praising this movie.  It is fun, it is profound, it is whimsical, it is confrontational--everything that Hollywood movies are not.  It is the kind of movie that demands repeated viewings.   A MUST  BUY!
B00001OH7P|5.0|Heard Starman on the radio in 1972 on my way to work - I was 17. I've been a fan ever since and have everything on vinyl and cd. This album has not aged in all these years. Ronson is great, brilliant mixture of songs.Bowie  was just brimming with ideas in the 70's but this remains my favourite.  Starman, Ziggy, Rock'n'Roll Suicide plus the rest were way ahead of their  time.
B00002E285|5.0|I have seen this movie countless of times.  It tells a story of a culture far removed from our own.  One exposed to the drama of war and hate.  It tries to remind us of something we have never known.  A classic  masterpiece.  No collection is complete without this one.
6304286961|3.0|I find it highly comical that so many people complain that this film &quot;doesn't capture the true soul&quot; of Jim Morrisson, or words to that effect.  Am I to assume that all of those who wrote such reviews were  close friends of Jim, and thus KNOW what his &quot;true soul&quot; was  like?  Or is it just that various people have read various accounts of the  band, and the film doesn't jive with their preconceived notions based on  said books?  Let's face it, folks: there's no way for any of us who didn't  know the band members personally to know how accurate this film is.  Yes,  it undoubtedly contains numerous inaccuracies.  Yes, it's undoubtedly  highly sensationalized.  A lot of people like to cite Ray Manzarek's book  as a place to go to get &quot;the truth.&quot;  Well aren't we almost  touchingly naive--what Ray says is what happened, happened; is that it?   Nobody has any ulterior motives whatsoever; what they say can always be  absolutely believed?  You're going to get into major trouble if you go  through life with an attitude like that... <br />Personally, I think this film  seems as accurate as any other account of the band I've seen, always  keeping in mind, of course, that there's really no way to tell.  And hey,  it features Echo and the Bunnymen's kickass cover of People are Strange.   Can't miss that!
B000002JKA|5.0|DT is without a doubt a musician's band, in that a person would have to be a player of guitar or  drums to fully enjoy or appreciate this CD. Besides, you gotta love anybody who lists and thanks the great Frank Zappa in their  liner notes!<br />The track &quot;Erotmania&quot; is a guitarist's challenge  of the year.
B00000J8EK|4.0|The now present electronica scene is ever growing month by month. The so called X culture of Rave  music has found a mainstream duo that can take the combination of block rocking beats and psychedelic imagery out of the  sunshine underground to bring us a exxentric powerful third album. After  the release of &quot;Dig your own hole&quot; the Chemical Brothers achieved  what few electronica artists had done, brake open what the London ravers  knew for quite a while, this is some trippy music.This album is even  better. They captured in one album the spirit of acid fueled 60's, the DJ  vibe of the 70's, the nonsence of the 80's and the ever needed step toward  the future of the 90's.One word:Brilliant.
B00000K0EA|1.0|This Bond Movie wasn't as good as the Connery one's or even the Dalton Yes I liked him. I have all the bond movies this one had a great story but by the end the story takes a back seat to the action. Maybe next time for the  band films. If you like you action fast and loud by this film.
0671578278|5.0|All these people who complain or warn that this isn't a shoot-'em-up book...  For goodness sake.  Is there only one kind of book in the world?  Lois McMaster Bujold has written several hilarious action books and now  she's written a hilarious peacetime book.  It's still got the same great  writing, the same Barrayaran politics, and would any of these books be the  same without the unique characters?
B00000ILDF|3.0|Many people don't like this film because of its change of pace from the harried second installment.  This one really should've been the end of the series.  I can't believe 20th Century Fox allowed this to keep going.   Alien 4 was ridiculous and I can't believe they're contemplating a #5!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie kept me on the edge of my seat all the time it has great special effects and it has a ton of fighting sceenes.
B00001ODHL|4.0|I have loved this movied since the first time I seen it, from Ash's one liners to...well the one liners are just so great.  So that is why it pulls my heart that in the Director's cut of this movie they take out my favorite  one liner.  &quot;Good...Bad...I'm the guy with the gun.&quot;  Now what's  with that.  Besides that the set is beyond  belief.
B000002UCQ|5.0|How confining it must have been in the shadow of John Lennon and Paul McCartney!  This album, George Harrison's first after the breakup of the Beatles, bursts with the energy of sheer liberation.  It has been for years  and remains my favorite album of all time.  The grand scale of the  production matches perfectly the music itself, creating what might be  called Cathedral Rock.<br />If you own the LP but not the CD, you may be  somewhat disappointed.  The sound quality is a bit lacking.  Wouldn't it be  nice if this album got the YELLOW SUBMARINE treatment (if anyone from EMI  Records is reading this, that was a hint)?  But the music shines as  brightly as it did all those years ago.  And in response to Dave E. (review  dated 5/5/99), George Harrison did in fact have other hit albums following  this one:  1973's LIVING IN THE MATERIAL WORLD went to No. 1 on Billboard,  as did the album's single, &quot;Give Me Love&quot;.  DARK HORSE and EXTRA  TEXTURE were Top 10s, and he had another No. 1 in 1987 with CLOUD NINE.   Fluke?  Hardly.<br />Simply put, if you like music at all, own this album.
0553573403|5.0|You cannot dislike this book. It's beautifully written, intricately detailed, packed with plot twists, and intriguing characters. Your soul will melt into this ice-filled world, and never want to return. . . What a  find!
0792833260|5.0|A touching story about coming to terms with money and brotherly love, Rain Man is one of the best films I have ever seen.  It's unfortunate that present-day studios can't touch it.  Tom Cruise and Dustin Hoffman deliver  career-best performances.
B00000K19E|5.0|I didn't catch this movie in the theater, but bought it as my first DVD for my new Macintosh G3 Powerbook. (hold down command+option+i when loading the disk!). The options in this DVD make it something more than just  another movie playing from a disk; it's a multimedia experience. People on  the airplane where I was watching it were amazed. And I'm not even a sci-fi  fan....
B000002BBY|2.0|What the hell?!?! Here are two simple exercises for you to do: 1.) Listen to the end of &quot;She's Electric&quot; and then listen to the end of &quot;With A Little Help From My Friends&quot; on Sgt. Pepper. A more  blatent rip-off I cannot imagine. Oh, and speaking of  &quot;Imagine&quot;... 2.) Listen to the intro to &quot;Don't Look Back In  Anger&quot; and then listen to the intro to &quot;Imagine,&quot; by John  Lennon. Hmmm... rip-off artists? Definately Maybe. As a huge Beatles fan,  the only reason I gave this 2 stars was because what they do is out of  respect for the Beatles and also because Liam Gallagher named his baby  Lennon.
6305537798|5.0|This movie is good its beyond words.  Come on!!!  This is based on Shakespeare (one of the best writers I've ever known).  I love this movie so much!!!  The books good, the movies the best, and the music is  awesome!!!  Who wouldn't love this movie?????
B000001FVL|5.0|It's interesting to think that after making this album these guys (Trever Horn &amp; Geoff Downes) joined Yes!  The Buggles and Yes were usually pretty different from eachother.  Both bands were, however, managed by  Brian Lane.  When Trev &amp; Geoff wrote a particularly non-Buggleish song,  &quot;Fly from Here,&quot; they wanted Yes to perform it.  By that time  (late '70s / early '80s), Yes was in the habit of writing all their own  material, but since Yes was down by two (singer Jon Anderson and  keyboardist Rick Wakeman), they convinced the Buggles to join them for a  time.  <br />_Plastic Age_ is an album typical of a sound in the early '80s  which offered a sharp contrast to what was typical radio fare in the '70s.   Everything got very tinny, antiseptic, electronic, even quirky.  This  sharply contrasted with the earthy, soulful sounds of the '70s like Grand  Funk, Doobie Brothers, and Seals &amp; Crofts.  I like either sort of  sound, though.  <br />Trevor provides good singing, bass, and guitar, while  Geoff provides very neat keyboard parts and some additional vocals.  The  lyrics tend to be funny, interesting, and clever.  I liked this album to  begin with, and grew to like it even better with additional listenings.   It's beautiful, really.
6305627401|5.0|I was expecting Bigger Longer and Uncut to be funny, but one of the most ingenius satires of the year? Wasn't expecting that. To my surprise, for every hilariously raunchy &quot;Uncle F**ka&quot; routine, there was a  great subtle joke about everything from religon to politics to the media.  Absolute perfection and brilliant obscentiy....yes brilliant  obsenity....while maintaining a sense of youthful innocence and classic  musical showmanship not seen in cinema in a while. South Park: Biggger  Longer and Uncut is the funniest film this year
B00000K19E|4.0|The Matrix turned out to meet most of my expectations after hearing so much from friends about this film.  Special effects were fantastic.  Acting was pretty good as well, even for some &quot;unheard of&quot; actors in the  suppoting roles.  Reeves and Fishbourne were on par, although I wanted to  see more action out of Fishbourne.<br />On the whole, the movie will not sit  well with folks who cannot let their minds wander into the complex realm of  sci-fi.  If you do not want to slip into this format of entertainment for  even a few minutes, let alone the whole two hours, don't even hit the play  button.<br />For those of us who appreciate the genre, The Matrix has a  creative premise supported by well known sci-fi elements and gimmicks (i.e.  AI vs. humans, high-tech hackers taking on the world, icky buglike robots,  etc.)  Packing the film with action (guns and kung-fu) was merely icing on  the cake.  The entertainment of this movie comes from the intriguing and  deep thought involved in the story.
6305513406|4.0|First of all - the picture and sound quality of these two episodes are both excellent. Some people have criticised the soundtracks but I think they must be the same people who prefer vinyl over CD.<br />As to the two  stories on this tape. &quot;Where No Man...&quot; is an excellent episode  featuring some brilliant acting from William Shatner - eg when he speaks to  Dehner about the frailties of a human god. This episode, more than any  other, possesses a sense of wonder that was prevalent in the Original  series and even in TNG, but is now sadly lacking in DS9 and Voyager. There  is imagination, intelligence and that little bit extra which makes it easy  to see why Star Trek has become so enduring.<br />&quot;Corbomite...&quot; is  another good episode which again features some good moments, especially a  thinking reasoning Captain Kirk rather than the smooth operator of the  third season.<br />If you only ever buy one Star Trek DVD then buy this one,  but I would suggest buying the others too, especially if you like good  storytelling rather than explosion of the week.
0553573403|5.0|This is just a super book.  While you'll need a score card to sort the characters at first.  The plot and pace are just excellent.  I can't wait for the sequel.
0440214041|5.0|This is one of Grisham's finest works and superior by far to 99% of his competition.  The book is suspenseful, well-written, had great character development, and is a must-read!
6301777387|4.0|This was one of the most brilliant, insightful, funny, poignant, compelling and sad movies I have ever seen.  Every scene, which was a fragment, was much like Vietnam itself, fragmented, something to get  through one day at a time, hopefully. One then hopes they have no  recollection of the day before. (I am aware that the movie takes place in  Korea, but it is a social commentary on Vietnam). Another thing that  strikes me is how sensitive and touched the characters are; even though  they try not to feel [or convey a sense of emotionlessness] and comedy is  the release for all the emotions pent up during the day.  There is no other  way to describe it but as a satire of survival, (emotional, mental,  physical).  The only thing that may have made it better would have been to  include another fragment on the end.  You must rent it and savor it.
0385493800|5.0|This was my first Grisham read and was so good I immediately ordered all of his books from Amazon.com. I have now finished all of them and only Street Lawyer and The Partner are comparable in quality.  Grisham holds you  attention from the first paragraph to the last.  I hated to see the book  end--I wanted more!
0553108034|5.0|George Martin did a fantastic job with this one. Fluent, connects wonderfuly with the first book in the series, immensely interesting. A beautiful continuation, well written and intriguing.  &quot;For when rulers  clash, all of the land feels the tremors&quot;...
044022165X|3.0|This is not Grisham's finest work but it is a good read.  His writing is not a precise as usual nor as compelling.  It took me longer to read because it didn't command my attention as did The Partner, The Testament,  and The Client. Worth price at Amazon.com!
6303148352|5.0|i love dinosaurs, and as a result, i love jurassic park. not only are the dinosaurs realistic and all, but a great story and awesome music. definitely my favorite of all-time.
0440224764|5.0|This is a terrific read until the last page!  I hated the surprise ending but the books still was so good I did not want it to end.  I wish he would rewrite the ending and about 500 more pages of follow-up!
B00000JMLA|5.0|This cd rocks. I won it from the local radio station, along with tickets to their show. From that day on I was hooked. It is all I ever listen to. Limp Bizkit rules. This IS real music. Great bass and guitar on every song.  Callaborations with people we have actually heard of before. If you buy one  CD this year, buy this one. If you buy two, buy this one and 3 dollar bill  y'all$. This CD rocks
6303022901|5.0|The Joy Luck Club was a great movie. I own it and I have watched it many times. I found this movie to be very informal about Chinese culture. The storyline is excellent. The musical score truly made this film and was  meant for this film. I even went out and bought the soundtrack by Rachel  Portman. If you haven't seen it, then buy or rent it as soon as possible.
B00000K2SE|5.0|This film has to be one of the all-time great. The Wachowshi Brothers sure did some experimenting throughout the film and it paid off big time. Carrie-Anne Moss was gorgeous as Reeves' romantic love interest whilst  Fishburne's Morpheous was just excellent, even haunting at times, when he  floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee with his outrageous one  liners.<br />Reeves, however, I feel, has redeemed himself. After the disaster  of Johnny Nemonic, he has realised that this was one film he had to give a  performance of his career.<br />Roll on The Matrix!! Bring on the sequel!!
0964385619|5.0|This book provided the basic principles by which we can begin to start thinking about investments. The guidelines provided by the author certainly prompted me to start rethinking how I can improve on my own financial  portfolio. It is an excellent little book.
6304806434|1.0|I know action films are supposed to be unrealistic, but this is absolute trash. This is the worse action film I have seen from Hollywood. Nicholas Cage's voice is so annoying the whole film, he sounds like he's on drugs or  something. The Amazon film reviewer got it right with this one, it is  absolutely terrible.<br />Avoid like the plague. Unless you like  self-mutilation
B0000025DV|4.0|this record and &quot;wind &amp; wuthering&quot; were what spoiled me for all respectable music. if you don't already own it, and you're over fifteen i don't know what there is to say, you had to be there i guess. anyway, a  silly, shameless masterpiece.
0060926317|1.0|If you find inspriation in this poorly written piece of garbage, I suggest you try some of the true masters of the spiritual genre. Poets such as Kabir, Lao Tsu, Rumi, the Psalms, Rilke, etc. If your just looking to feel  better about your life try Tony Robbins or some of the other feel good type  gurus. I found this to be rather insulting and I'm not sure if it's the  hippie new age shallowness or if it, or if it is the utter ignorance and  condescending attitude she has towards the Aboriginal people. JJ Rousseau  tried that whole noble savage thing about 200 years ago, this is a worn out  idea and has proved to be nothing more than an idealization of a way of  life that most people are totally ignorant of. This white trash Marlo  hoosier woman is exploiting people's ignorance of both Australia and  Aboriginal society. I applaud her marketing strategy with her statement  that this is based on an actual account and is called fiction because she  wants to protect the people she met. Yeah, right. I've blessed this book  and have released it back into the library. If it were mine this would be  one of the few books that I would actually throw in the garbage. uggh good  riddance.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I received this CD the first week it was out and loved it the minute I heard it.  I have been a Santana fan all of my 34 years and he still keeps rocking.  The passion that Carlos plays with is so addicting and to see him  play live is a spiritual movement.  I am glad to see him rise again.  A few  people are complaining that he might have SOLD OUT cause the CD  incorporates a younger feel, but if this gets them intereste they may be  inclined to look back at his earlier work, all the instrumentals, and learn  to appreciate REAL, HEART FELT, PASSIONATE music.
B000002OZY|5.0|I was re-listening to this CD recently (I purchased the album when it was originally released and the CD in the past couple of years) and found myself wondering if any band, local or national, has ever covered these  songs.  Somehow I can't imagine it.  And yes, I think many of the songs are  timeless, especially Pinball Wizard and I'm Free.
B00000K19E|5.0|This has to be the best movie I have seen Yet.  Great Special Effects. Great Actors Great Plot Leaves You thinking.
1558908382|3.0|It thrives between social satire - without becoming tiresome, like most of Woody Allen's films - and a feel for life's ironies, without becoming silly. The romance avoids sentiment. In all, a better film than average.  The DVD unfortunately lacks any substantive extras, lowering the overall  grade by 1 star.. Given all the little Cusacks in the film, a commentary by  John would have made this a 4-star DVD.
B000002KFJ|5.0|One of My favorite old Sabbath albums I have them all
0380796090|4.0|I love books that make me laugh out loud and this one certainly did.  Marian Keyes has created a wonderful story that makes you care about what really happens to Claire.  So much so that I was truly sitting there with  bated breath when James came to Dublin to bring her home and then elated at  the very end with the right-on conclusion.  I'm waiting on Lucy Sullivan  Gets Married from the libary right now.
0897500482|5.0|The book is the mental bible of martial arts with a lot of technique added.  For the people that are commenting about Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu and JKD you truly don't understand the book.  I suggest you read it again.  TO  FIND WHAT IS USEFUL!        Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is great however there is  now JEET KUNE DO GROUNDFIGHTING.  So Jeet Kune Do students will be well  equipped on the ground.  Whatever you find useful, whether it is Brazilian  Jiu Jitsu or any technique from any art.  This book is the pathway to  success.        The Book Jeet Kune Do, A New Era, Ground fighting and  counters to Brazilian Jiu Jitsu is also available on Amazon.com
B000002LK1|5.0|Lets make it short: Good songwriting, good sound and a great singer. Tell me, what more do you need???
1573225517|5.0|This is the most laugh-out-loud funny book I've read since the Adrian Mole diaries. Just brilliant, and great for anyone obsessed with pop culture.
B00000JLX0|5.0|For everyone that loved Titanic,this beautiful boxed gift set is a wonderful memento of a very special and touching motion picture. The only thing that was missing was a box of tissues for the end of the film. If you  loved titanic, you'll love this gift set!
B00001OH82|4.0|Yes,Reeves Gabrels strangles his guitar all through the album.Yes,David's voice is buried in the mix.Yes,the rhythm section,the Sales brothers,is solid and tight.Yes the lyrics are a little on the weak side.Well guess  what ? It's still one great rock album,I don't know why but it reminds me  of David's Station To Station album,but less funky.It doesn't try to be  Ziggy-metal and it doesn't suggest &quot;let's dance&quot;.I am not  familiar with Tin Machine 2,so I can't say it's better or worse,but I will  say this is a great attempt at hard rock by Mr. Bowie and if you go back  through all of his records,you'll find that the music he made with the late  great Mick Ronson was the best of his career.This is a great album of  actual rock music that unfortunately got lost in the shuffle in 1989.Why  Paula Abdul and Milli Vanilli made it big I don't know.If you like honest  and simple rock music then I am honored to be the first person (and Bowie  fan) to recommend this to you.
B000002572|5.0|I can't believe it's been nearly 25 years since this album was first released.  Pretty soon Boston will be inducted into the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame as they should be for making this historical album. &quot;Hitch A  Ride&quot; is one of my all time favorite songs.
B000002OX7|5.0|Pete's fellow band members rose to the occasion of  his innovative writing on this album(of course, except for &quot;My Wife&quot;).  It could be argued that after this and Quadrophenia, Pete started to hoard his best  work for himself.  Even if this were true, he was more than generous to his  bandmates on &quot;Who's Next&quot;. &quot;Behind Blue Eyes&quot; should  have been the single with &quot;The Bargain&quot; on the flip side.   Crunchy Les Paul sounds coalesce perfectly with acoustic strumming  throughout the album. The reader is left dizzy with this dazzling array of  sounds. The album is passionate and humorous (note the album cover of the  collective &quot;piss on the wall&quot;) and, at the same time, is intended  to be taken seriously. This is a top ten &quot;lost on a desert  island&quot; disc.
6302968143|5.0|I love this movie! When I first saw it on the &quot;big screen&quot; in 93' I fell in under it's spell. ALL the acting in this film is delightful, they couldn't have picked a better cast. (But I'm sure it doesn't hurt that  I love witches either!)
B000000W5N|5.0|That was by 1971 standards, which many people believe to be a yr. of unparalleled accomplishment in rock.  In 50 yrs. they will still be playing this album at college dorm parties.&quot;Sway&quot; is probably the most  overlooked track on the album and, in my view, is much more interesting  than the  single, &quot;Brown Sugar&quot;. Mick Taylor's guitar break  defines the song. Blues, soul, R&amp;B all combined into an English  sensibility.  Author's opinion, Bill Wymann's bass playing style suits the  album perfectly.  These are his best days as a bass player. &quot;Wild  Horses&quot; demonstrates that Mick/Keith can create melodies as powerful  as their brethren from Liverpool.
0375707972|4.0|The Reader is a marvellous book by Bernhard Schlink who brings his personal experiences into this very comprehensive piece of writing. As a German writer, he brings a new aspect and view of writing into German  Literature.
0440213525|5.0|I think that The Client is a great book for all ages. I like the book because it has adventure and it keeps you at the front of your seat. I couldn't put the book down. It was the first book I ever found very  interesting. Now I own more of the John Grisham books: The Firm, The  Chamber, The Runaway Jury, and The Rainmaker. I'm going to order the rest  through amazon.com and read them. It is a thrilling story and it will keep  you reading.
6305278016|5.0|This is an excellent action movie, which the plot line keeps you guessing until the end.  Ironically it stars a lesser known action star Douglas, who really makes this an excellent movie.
6301978587|5.0|Streisand's stunning directoral debut still stands the test of time.  The performances, the costumes, the score, and the direction are all superb.  It is clear that Barbra, who lovingly dedicated this film to her late  father, really believed in the story.  Her love and dedication shine  through in every scene.<br />A film that would be perfect for special edition  DVD treatment.  MGM, can you hear me?
0792156684|4.0|It's nice to see that this film not only is the largest grossing of all time, but has spurred the most debate of all time. I won't bother to restate what has already been said. If you're one of the few that has not  seen this movie, suffice it to say, it's silly, it's startling, and will  succeed in entrancing all but the most close-minded of individuals.
0385484518|5.0|This book was great.  I read it in 2 days.  It was refreshing to read about Morrie, too bad there aren't more people like him in this world.  It made me laugh and cry.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Wow,I can still remember the first time I listened to Santana's second album &quot;ABRAXAS&quot; in 1970.It blew me away,and solidified my long lasting admiration for Santana's style of music.Now,some 30 years  later,it's great to hear a new generation of music lover's  &quot;discovering&quot; Carlos all over again.We are all at different ages  and stages of our lives,but the common thread that binds is our  man....Santana.Long live the king!!!
0449002632|4.0|A little slow in spots.  Many charachters to keep track of.  I am amazed at the prdominant role that religion has played in shaping history.  the book did a wonderful job of presenting the kinds of issues, attitudes, and  struggles that the people of england faced for two centuries.
6301868684|5.0|I watch the movie religiously.  I should just go ahead and buy it since I watch it at least twice a year.<br />It truly is magical.
B00000IO4J|5.0|I had 3 chances to see this in the movie theater but I passed them up (as did most of my friends) because of the tommy hillfigure ads on TV featuring the actors from this movie.  Plus it has Usher in it -- who I do not like,  at all.  About a week ago I was at a sleep over and we rented this film, I  must admit it is a good movie.  Despite it's selling out to Tommy  Hillfigure, Pepsi, Apple Computers, and Adidas this movie has a good plot  line.  And on an even better note, Usher is bearly in this movie!  It's a  &quot;breakfast club&quot; for the 90s. If your a teenager, no matter how  cynical you are, you'll like this movie... Trust me...
B000001FDI|4.0|...as well as the last groove-oriented Clapton appearance. Winwood's voice sounds strained and a bit out of tune here, in a way he had never been with Spencer Davis, and fortunately bounced back from in Traffic and his later  solo career. His main contribution here is his organ playing and some  pretty decent duet guitar leads with Clapton (especially in &quot;Had To  Cry Today&quot;--maybe that's what gave Clapton a taste for the duet work  he later did with Duane Allman in Derek &amp; the Dominos). For Clapton,  this was the last time we were to hear his talent for extended  jamming--from here on in, his vocals were what he focused on. As for Rick  Grech, another reviewer dissed his guitar work on this page--maybe that's  because he doesn't PLAY guitar here. He's the bassist on this set except  for his violin work in &quot;Sea Of Joy&quot;.
1567184855|5.0|This book not only opened up my eyes to how special and how tremendously important we all are, but it has also changed my decision in college. I was studing International Business for four years, however I always had an  interest in religion and theology.  This book helped me change my major to  Theology for good.  And my main focus will be in Past Lives and  Reincarnation.  THANK YOU DR. NEWTON!!!!!!! P.S. It's also deepened my  relationship with God and my spirit guide.
B00000K31V|1.0|The premise of this film is rather interesting but unfortunately it was not executed very well. The visual effects look like they had a budget of $50 and the pods are sick looking. There are too many parts that are  suppose to be serious that end up being funny. Forget this film and watch a  truely great film called The Matrix.
B00000AFHM|4.0|I'm not sure if the melodies are so catchy and familiar because they're so basic and natural or because they've been lifted from other songs. I guess it doesn't matter. Most of this album is really good and there's some  incomparable moments (the instrumental break in &quot;Is it Wicked Not to  Care?&quot;). I'm not too fond of &quot;Seymour Stein&quot; or  &quot;Rollercoaster Ride.&quot;
B00000K2SC|3.0|An interesting idea for a movie, with dazzling special effects, degenerates as quickly as possible to a tedious barrage of noise and action movie cliches for those with short attention spans. It's as if the script  writers have fallen asleep while this work was in process. But not the  special effects people and artists. The visuals do a good job of  distracting you from how lame, one-sided, inconsistant, and un-inspired the  story really is.  Finally, in the last five minutes, the movie completely  falls appart, making no attempt at logic whatsoever, leaving you with  countless unanswered questions. The very last scene is incongruous to the  rest of the movie. If a sequel is made, let's hope it's more consistant and  thoughtful than this one. You could do a lot worse than the Matrix, but it  failed to live up to it's hype.
B000001EAQ|1.0|To think that the current 4 star average might convince someone to purchase this album appals me. Many people seem to think that U2's style change for Achtung Baby was a daring move and an example of how creative  the band truly is. The truth, I suspect, is that the change was motivated  solely by Bono losing his voice. Few people seem willing to admit this. But  it's clear that when he lost the quality of his &quot;heavenly pipes,&quot;  Bono retreated into an &quot;ironic&quot; parody of his former self. Think  of how forward the soaring vocals used to be in the mix. Now, they are  usually tweaked with effects, buried under the music, or worst of all, Bono  resorts to an unpleasant falsetto in order to convince us he can still  sing. U2 has always been about Bono and the Edge, and with one half of the  equation missing, I doubt they will ever make another great album. While  the excursions on Achtung and Zooropa were entertaining (especially on the  latter, IMHO), POP is much worse because Bono has adopted a  &quot;serious&quot; persona again, without the voice or the conviction to  back it up. Please, whether you like their &quot;new&quot;, or their  &quot;old&quot; style, buy any album but this one...
0790729628|2.0|This film is one of the biggest sleep inducers I've seen so far. I rented it, hearing it was a sci-fi classic of some sort, and found myself constantly wondering why. I first must admit that I really loved the  visuals. The special effects and excellent photography are a delight. This  film  demostrates Scott's trademark gloomy photography and snail pace. The  film is shot almost entirely at night, and everything looks as gothic as  you can get in a 21st century setting. This is all arresting at first, but  as the movie settles down for it's overlong, confusing, feckless, and  totally BORING story, not even the visuals are able to save it. I had read  once that Ridley Scott had originally planned to direct TOTAL RECALL,  another short story by Philip K. Dick, when the screenplay was still in the  works. I felt relieved that he hadden't. It also made me wonder what Paul  Verhoven would have done with this movie. That thought leaves a lot to be  desired.
B000001E18|4.0|I can already hear the indignant cries: &quot;What about Achtung Baby?!&quot; Well,to be honest, I felt that that album was something of an ugly-duckling hybrid between their &quot;old&quot; and &quot;new&quot;  sound. Maybe having Daniel Lanois still around was holding them back.<br />The  most noticeable thing to me about the &quot;new&quot; post Rattle and Hum  U2 is not the music, but Bono's voice. In short, he seems to have lost it  (too many cigarettes?). So, he resorts to a self-mocking, absurd falsetto.  The ONLY music to accompany this new Bono is space-age lounge music, which  Zooropa offers in spades (witness the brilliant &quot;lemon.&quot;)  Thankfully, he doesn't burden Zooropa with the pretentious  god-searching/tortured-love anthems of Ach Baby or the awful POP. These  themes were fine when he had a voice to deliver them (ie., back in the  Joshua Tree days), but not with his new raspy, slightly whiny delivery. In  short, this album finds the band striking off in an eccentric new  direction,quite successfully.It's the most relaxed, playful album the band  has ever made, and for a band containing Bono's massive ego, that's saying  alot. Unfortunately, it was an ephemeral success; the follow-up POP  reeks...
6305627401|5.0|To all those who claim that the movie diverges from the spirit of the TV show, I have this to say: The movie was made for fans of Parker and Stone's original &quot;Spirit of Christmas&quot; short, NOT so much for fans of the  South Park TV show. &quot;Spirit of Christmas&quot; was just as vulgar as  the movie is, and therein was the spark that shot it across the Internet in  a hundred different formats in the summer of 1997, and turned it into the  cult hit that Comedy Central couldn't resist making into a series. BUT...  to make a series out of it, they HAD to tone it down. If the toned-down  series is what you're a fan of, you'll certainly be taken aback by the  movie, and you might not appreciate so well where the humor comes from. But  to fans who have been with Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny since the very  first duel between Santa Claus and Jesus, this film revisits the exuberance  of South Park's genesis in a million little nods to the original (Brian  Boitano is back with a vengeance!) and shows that Parker &amp; Stone were  just waiting their chance to unleash the full force of their genius on  us.<br />And to those who claim there are too many songs: Yes, Virginia, it IS  a musical. And what's more, it may be the best musical of  1999.<br />Delectably crafted and sure to cause unaccustomed thought in many  an atrophied mind, the South Park movie is a better tribute to its twisted  origins than anyone whose only exposure to South Park is through the TV  series will likely appreciate. Hats off to Parker &amp; Stone for a true  masterpiece.
B000002UAR|3.0|The Beatles was/is the worlds most famous band,  and this record is often named the greatest of all time. Granted, and noone can take that away from them, they where brilliant craftsmen, pop-craftsmen. They had an  unbelieveable ear for \\"the tune\\". Music as an art-form is often best when it combines meaning/purpose and craftmanship. Revolver has many great  pop-tunes, and is often regarded as the Beatles' best work. I disagree. An  album containg such a silly and annoying song as \\"Yellow Submarine\\" does  not deserve to be called \\"The Greatest Album of All Time\\". The  other songs rate from brilliant to very good, though they can't make up for the mistake. The lyrics are getting far better, much thanks to new influences, but they still lack the bite of some of their contemporaries. Still, the Beatles was a great band at times, but I hold that they made better albums than this.
B000005DQR|5.0|This is one of my top 10 favorite albums. Its amazing continuity and trip-hop feel make it louder to your soul, than to your ears.<br />It mixes  samples with soundscapes. It carves out a 'feeling' and leaves it out in  the open. <br />So buy this album and watch the rain. Buy this album, stare  into the night sky and dream of your time to shine. Buy this album and  relax with someone close. Buy the album and play it on your 'off' days, to  get you back in. <br />But..'buy' this album.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I love metallica since 1993, have all the albums. This 2 CD-Pack is great. I love the first CD more then the second, though. Mr. Loverman gives you shivers down the spine. Turn the page and tuesdays gone, wonderful songs.  Its just good old metallica. Load was an unsusal sound, then ReLoad already  better defined style, which i like.  Anyway, they shouldnt make the same  music, they did in the eighties, because the world goes on and so do we.  There is renewal. Thanx to the metallicats!
B000002MG1|4.0|I need to say this: Automatic for the People is slightly overrated as an album. But before everyone jumps on me, I remind you that I only say  &quot;slightly.&quot; It has some filler, some merely-ok songs that just  don't belong next to emotive masterpieces like &quot;Sweetness  Follows&quot;, &quot;Nightswimming&quot;, &quot;Drive&quot;, and  &quot;Ignoreland&quot;. Once could argue that the unremarkable songs  provide relief from the more staggering creations...but they just don't  click in my humble opinion. OK enough scrutiny now on to the good stuff:  &quot;Sweetness Follows&quot; in particular brings a lump to my throat.  Even without having suffered a family tragedy recently, I was having to  fight back the tears--strange, and it sounds like BS...but it's completely  true and you have only to hear this song in a quiet room to understand. The  way Stipe's dear, honest voice cuts through the strings on this and  &quot;Nightswimming&quot; is a kind of magic that only his musical  genius--and artistic integrity--could achieve. New Adventures in Hi-Fi is a  better, more mature work as whole--but the individual songs I've mentioned  are timeless classics, unlike anything you've ever heard or likely ever  will.<br />Now, people, can we stop fussing automatically over the five stars?   Stars only reflect the bigger picture...I have many &quot;3 star&quot; or  &quot;4 star&quot; albums.  It's the good songs--whether a few, most, or  all--that make an album worthwhile...and I'll be a darned if AFTP doesn't  have some of the best music I've ever experienced.
0671045792|4.0|I really enjoyed listening to this book on tape.  This one is actually read by Ambrose.  In this book he draws upon all his previous works and experiences to talk about friendship.
B00000ILDF|3.0|It has the definite, captivating style of David Fincher, no question about that, and there really isn't anything all *that* bad about the movie in and of itself, but really, I can't help but say it never should've been made.  Alien. Aliens. Alien 3? Mm. It's just bad ... if they *had* to do it, they  should've done something new with it. I was tired of Sigourney Weaver's  &quot;bitch&quot; character by the time I saw this ... getting to be more  of a caricture than a character, really. So ... not bad, but ... there are  more worthwhile things that could've been given life in its place.
B00000J7J4|1.0|Greetings,<br />Track 2 of the album starts with a rapper introducing our friend Carlos. Like if Carlos needed any introduction, or approval, especially from a rapper!<br />Oh man!<br />Anyone's into skeet shooting  here?<br />moontan
B000002GAF|5.0|My first Gino Vannelli album and still my favorite.  The first time I heard his outstanding 'I Just Wanna Stop' I was captured by his soaring vocals.  I've just recently purchased the CD and it has taken me back to  younger days when I would lie under the stars on the cool grass of Lake  Park with my boyfriend and plan the future.  Twenty years later, 'The  Wheels of Life' speak to me in a different, more poignant way.  My 'future'  has turned out quite differently but Gino's music is magic just the same.
6303961665|4.0|There are several major points about this film that must be understood before approaching it.  <br />First, as analyzed by Derek Kelly in his book, \\"The Epic Film,\\" George Stevens composed \\"The Greatest Story Ever Told\\" to resemble a Greek trajedy.  There is the understatement of costumes and sets along with the composition of the scenes as almost tableaux.  The photography is absolutely exquisite. Max von Sydow's performance is haunting and remains with you forever. <br />Second, the film moves slowly, very slowly.  This was always a mystery to me.  Was it an interminable march to destruction, reinforcing the idea of Greek trajedy?  But, I think I may have discovered why.  This film was initially presented in Cinerama.  Cinerama started as a three camera process which photographed peripheral vision and was projected on a massive curved screen, a precursor to IMAX.  By the time George Stevens used it however, it was reduced to regular 70mm projected on the same massive curved screen.  It left the illusion of three dimensions to the director's composition.  The program for the film was unusual.  Instead of describing how the film was made, it contained a list of the cast and crew in the back with a philosophical treatise in the front as to the objective of art in the reproduction of the Christ figure.  The point was that art was supposed to give the audience the experience of meeting Christ.  Cinerama is experential cinema.  It began with travelogues taking audiences around the world followed by stories that placed the viewer in the center of action by having very long, protracted scenes.  This conveyed the sense of \\"you are there.\\"  Mr. Stevens had experimented with CinemaScope and three-camera Cinerama to film his life of Christ.  When three-camera Cinerama was replaced by 70mm Super Cinerama, he used it instead.  The lingering scenes brought you into Christ's milieu.  <br />No where is this more dramatically used, then his two incredibly emotional points: the raising of Lazarus and the crucifixion. I saw the film when it first came out at the 225 minute version in Cinerama before it was chopped to little over three hours. There is now choppiness in these major scenes, especially in the crucifixion, which dilute the emotional power. In the original, Christ dies slowly before your eyes and does not just drop his head. This element reduced the entire audience to tears, almost eliminating the jarring delivery of John Wayne.  Also, the extended raising of Lazarus sequence turned it into one of the scariest yet moving experiences in motion pictures.  The title credits which are unreadable on a television screen were perfectly readable on the large Cinerama screen, thereby emphasizing the importance of Cinerama to the experience.  <br />The film does has its faults, sometimes corny dialogue, the switching to an obvious indoor set for the crucifixion, John Wayne's utterance after Christ's death, but the original has a power that few film achieve.  <br />I applaud MGM for releasing the new DVD from the original 70mm materials providing a beautiful image.  And it was a great idea to create a documentary about the film.  But this is not the restored version.  In fact, it has been stated that there is even a 4 hour and 20 minute version, longer than the one I saw in the initial month of its release.  I pose this question to MGM:  Does the original exist within your vaults?  Rumours say that it does.  If so, let us release Mr. Stevens' original vision.  It would be the first time since the second month of its release, that the full emotional impact of \\"The Greatest Story Ever Told\\" would be felt.  It would allow new audiences to experience Christ's passage on earth.
B00000J7JO|2.0|I am a hard core RHCP fan and have listened to their previous 2 cds hundreds of times, particularly bssm.  I doubt that I'll listen to this one more than a dozen times.  It's just not that compelling, clever or complex.  I was tired of most of these songs after the third or fourth listen.  I'd  listen to it first before buying it.
B000003AEB|5.0|snoop is the best rapper of all time next to tupac but this cd tops all cd I've ever heard it has the original deathrow cast of people which are all worth 5 stars 'cause deathrow rules,snoop rules and 2pac rules!
0780622642|1.0|Thankfully, it barely seems necessary to insist that this is a terrible movie, but I will happily add my two cents to the trashing of it. Because in addition to all of the bad things already cited about this film, I for  one didn't even like the special effects. Honestly -- I thought they were  terrible. This disappointed me because I was at least hoping for eye candy,  but the effects struck me as terribly, painfully computer-generated and  tacky. And that stupid little cute creature they bring in, which serves  absolutely no purpose other than introducing &quot;the mandatory&quot; cute  creature, and which seems so pitifully superimposed on the screen ... geh.  A waste of talent, money, film, and most imporantly, my time.  : )
0152465030|5.0|I would like to join everyone who mentioned this book as their favorite, and I may answer some question. Those who asked a question like &quot;When he entered Earth, how come he didn't burn in the atmosphere?&quot; probably  never heard the word &quot;literature&quot;. I really feel sorry for them.  Novels of this genre are rarely based on the laws of phisics and other  nature sciences. &quot;How could Dante meet Vergilius, who actually died  ages before Dante was born?&quot;: the same stupid question never asked. We  are talking about literature and philosophy. If it's too hard to understand  to someone, he misses a lot of great work of world literature. Sorry about  the bad English.
0780626966|5.0|I got these for my Birthday, and so far I haven't been dissapointed by them! Some people feel it gets &quot; worse &quot; after part 3, but THEY'RE WRONG!!!  Scary, but great fun!
B000002H97|5.0|My personal opinion is no, they haven't &quot;sold out&quot;. They continue to push the metal envelope, setting a new standard for the genre with each album. They also bring much needed publicity to a musical form  that has been recently all too hidden from the general public. Heavy Metal  needs Metallica to stay at the forefront of it's rebirth on the music  scene.
B000002OZY|5.0|This album is awsome its raw power was not done justace in that the technology that we have today would have made it even better. Anyway this is THE WHO I know it doesn't sound like the rockers abby road and let it  bleed but when this album was performed live no group not even Led Zep  could match the volume , plus the Beatles were basicaly finshed and the  Stones didn't know what the hell hit them. Plus they could blow the Stones  and Beatles together off the stage
B000005ITX|5.0|Forget what they told you about John,Paul,George and Ringo:  Arthur Lee woke up one morning and wrote eleven masterpieces that became the best album ever to be released .
B00000INEX|4.0|My 15 month old daughter is in love with Baby Bach.  She brings the box to us so that we'll put it in the VCR for her.  I love the music as much as she does, and the whole family finds the video very uplifting and  enjoyable.  I can understand, however, why people don't want to see the  little girls jumping around - it is a little strange.  However, when those  girls stand up and start dancing, my daughter stands up and dances too, so  maybe the directors know what stimulates little children more than I do!   All in all, this is the best video I have ever seen for small children.  I  wish I had received it earlier!
0385493800|5.0|This is the 6th Grisham book I have read. I've liked all of them very much, but this is the best. He does a superb job of developing the characters and getting the reader emotionally involved with them.
0380778556|5.0|i thought this was an excellent book. it was required for one of my classes, and i'm glad it was. it was a bit boring for the first 5 or 7 chapters, but things get sooo much better at the end. definatly a book you  would want to read.
0784011710|5.0|After watching the movie, I was so moved by it that I couldn't think of anything but the movie for a few days. This is an excellent movie, with excellent actors &amp; director. The movie is NOT long at all, &amp; I  enjoyed every minute of it. The choice that Sophie made is not soley based  on 'the boy or the girl', but also why she chose to lie about her 'ashamed'  past; &amp; the 2 guys that loved her. Her final choice is death...sadly.  This is a must see movie. I recommend to everybody who's interested in a  serious movie.
6305205620|5.0|This is a great acheivement for the band, and a great acheivement technologically speaking as well! A few random thoughts...<br />- Metallica is an awesome live band, and some of their songs actually sound BETTER live.  Given the complexity of their music, that is pretty damn amazing. So What,  Creeping Death, For Whom the Bell Tolls, Last Caress, Am I Evil? and a few  others are really enhanced by the extra energy of a live performance.<br />-  James's voice is worn out, but I didn't find it distracted from the quality  of the DVD. He doesn't sound BAD, but the wear and tear is clear.<br />- The  best part about concert DVDs is the replay value. I have watched Cunning  Stunts several times, so even if you aren't a die-hard fan, it definately  pays off to pick up a copy.
6304196938|5.0|I can only hope this movie is released on DVD at some point so it can be viewed as it was originally shown. A remastered 35mm print is currently playing in San Francisco and I saw it today. Incredible! Bernard Hermann's  score is awesome. The dialogue is witty. And the action is breathtaking.
0380002930|5.0|I read this book in four days when I was 11 years old, clear back it 1985.  I still vividly remember that experience and how it captivated me.  I have read many books since then and I have only found one book I could honestly  say was better.  I have read Watership Down 6-7 times and I reccomend it to  everyone.  If you have not read it, count yourself lucky, because you still  have the chance to experience it for the first time.
0618001905|4.0|The regime of King Leopold of Belgium must have been difficult.  To be a king in a parlimentary democracy is simply nt fair.  Given the oppurtunity to rule the Congo is unbeatable.  King Leopold's Ghost explains what  happened when he took that opptunity.  It is a tale of both attrocities and  Greed.  Most importantly it is a tale of how international relations got a  conscience.  Through the work of missionaries and most especially E.D.  Morel, King Leopold was forced to relinquish his personnel ownership.  The  sad truth is that despite the change in owners, the policies continued  until the present.  That is the real horror...the work remained unfinished.   The lesson is a sobering one with the United States peacekeeping in  Bosnia, Kosovo and East Timor.  Will the US declare victory and allow the  issues to fade?   The book was excellent and any student of international  relations should read if only for the warnings about the limitations of the  press and NGOs.
B0000065O1|5.0|I'm 38/f and have just started working out again. This workout tape is NOT BORING AT ALL.   She explains everything well.  Music is enjoyable. Its a FUN workout. It's a very energizing workout and I especially like the  weights and abs.part of the tape.  I would highly recommend this tape.
B000009QPO|3.0|This album is bland and too innocuous. I don't dislike it, but I don't think it will stand up to repeated playing.
B000002WYT|5.0|I do agree with some of those people that think that the only reason people enjoy this unbelievable band is because everyone and their grandmother likes it and they are just trying to fit in. It sickens me to see friends of mine getting into this  group and saying it is their fav when the only song they know is damn Ants  Marching. It seems to me before everyone enters High school they must sign  a waiver saying the will jump on the dave wagon. Dave's music gives me  goosebumps. It is like nothing I have ever heard and i feel I will never  hear again. I have been a fan since 4th grade when my older brother brought  home Remember Two Things.  #41 is the most original and indescribable song  I have ever heard, it is not to listen it is to expierience. The man who  alluded to the drunk abercrombie and fitch wearers that attend and go  psycho when they play Ants Marching and tripping Billies, but we must  ignore them, ignore the absurd phony listeners, take a dave cd to a solo  place and listen, you will be impressed and shocked there is so much there  you never noticed before. Also I think anyone who bought the damn Ants  Marching single should be brought to an island and the island should be  blown up. That single is an insult to any true Dave fan, and while pseudo  dave fans are at a majority, a true one comes around once every so often. I  think Dave realizes he is not the best singer, that is the reason it is  Dave Matthews BAND! He is the MAN. And Dave if you ever read this, #41 is  incredible!
068484267X|5.0|The story is captivating and keeps you interested the entire way through the book. You become very involved with the characters and don't want the book to end.  Another must read book that is similar, but just as good is  &quot;Finding Peggy&quot; by Meg Henderson. It's based in Glasgow, Scotland  and is about the author's childhood in the slums of Glasgow and the  remarkable women in her life, her Aunt Peggy and mother Nan and the  fascinating other cast of characters that are her family. When you finish  &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; you've got to pick up &quot;Finding Peggy&quot;.
0783235666|5.0|Although Psycho is perhaps Hitchcock's most famous film, there is an almost excruciating eerieness and slow, tidal surge of tension in this film that almost no other films approach, and none surpass.  The film is part  horror fable, part nightmare, and that these visceral emotions can emerge  from such prosaic surroundings adds to the almost atavistic effect it has.   And it's odd that so many have criticized the characters as shallow:  they  may be, in the way everyone is shallow, at the beginning: each focussing on  his own selfish concerns and agendas; but then the incomprehensible spiral  of rising horror shakes them out of their narrowness and makes them reach  out to each other.  And the horror in this film does that-- rises tidally.   The counterpoint of humor and style that always comes through in Hitchcock  is a perfect foil for this, and yet always makes a point, too often missed:   the scene in the Pet Shop where the canary escapes; in the Restaurant,  where all the stock responses are bruited, are sometimes funny, but  brilliantly emmeshed with the darker occurrences.    That this film has  been enormously influential among other filmmakers cannot be denied:  the  most commonly cited example being George Romero's Night of the Living Dead.   But all other horror writers and filmmakers after have been influenced by  it in one way or another, from Clive Barker to Stephen King to John  Carpenter.  And to watch it again is to become a child again, entering that  dreamlike and eerie world.  Lovecraft, Freud and King have all said, in one  way or another, that atmosphere is the most important element in horror,  and the sheer elegance and brilliance of this film creates atmosphere like  few others.  The sequence of Melanie waiting in the schoolyard as the crows  gather, the attack on the school, the Restaurant scene, and the attack on  the town itself, is unequalled in cinema.  And the moment when Hitchcock  suddenly lifts you out of the chaos in the village streets, to view it from  high in the air (a birds' eye view!)as, from behind you, past the camera,  and toward the chaos more gulls swoop, makes the spine prickle.  A true and  magnificent classic!
6305537798|2.0|This movie was so bad.  A bad adaptation, if you could call it that, of a shakespeare movie that the tv show, Moonlighting, did better in their adaptation.  Julia STiles was very angry..as she is in everything i see her  in..my two stars are for the australian hunk, heath.  he is so cute, and  has a devishily handsome smile...  i would like to see more of him and less  of the shakespeare ripoffs.
0385484518|5.0|This book was given to me as a gift. What a wonderful book. I didn't have the honor  of knowing Morrie  and yet I felt like an old friend of his. I cried with him, I laughed with him, I learned with him. Morrie has moved me  deeply and has made me question a lot of aspects in my life. I just  finished the book and I can't wait to read it again and learn something  different this time. It's a must read book for those of us who believe in  self-growth.
0783235607|5.0|When speaking of &quot;Psycho&quot;, it's very much like a music critic approaching Beethoven's symphonies, or an art critic talking about the Sistine Chapel or &quot;La Gioconda&quot;.  The enormous prestige and  influence of the work, the place it occupies in popular culture and an  audience's perceptions, almost cloud over any consideration of the work  itself.   So far as Psycho is concerned, it is a work that established a  myriad of conventions and is. in the simplest and truest sense, legendary.   In fact, it is supremely elegant:  the exquistite care and momentum with  which the plot is developed, often through visual imagery rather than  dialogue, the genius of Hitchcock's framing, cross-cutting, and rhythm, the  superb score by Bernard Hermann -- itself almost as legendary as the movie   -- bear repeated viewings (and hearings) because the whole works like a  darkly conceived ballet.  This film, like Vertigo, Rear Window, and the  under-appreciated The Birds, are some of the &quot;purest&quot; examples of  cinema ever.  The horror of the tale is subtle, generally, and won't  disgust like the prurient slice-and-dice horror films that clutter up the  screens and airwaves; but for anyone who can appreciate style and  structure, anyone who appreciates cinema as a narrative art in short, this  film is one of the imperishable classics.  It should be on any short list  of the greatest of all time.
0812589041|5.0|This is absolutely the best sci-fi I have ever read!   The characters of the book are unique and different and the character developement in the book is interesting.
B00001QGPR|2.0|Since Outside, Bowie became the new techno-jungle king, a vanguardist that push up the system with rupturists sounds. Earthling was his best album in the whole 90s, without a doubt. Hours was supposed to be the continuation  of that new born man Bowie has made of himself, that one with orange hair  and sensual voice, dressed in an England-flag suit, doing videos with Trent  Reznor and all that stuff. But Hours is no more than a man revisiting his  decadent past in the 80s, with boring and extremely long and dull songs.  His voice dosent soud the same anymore; this time it is still and fakely  high-toned. The new age aura of Thrursday Child doesent help very much (and  the awful video neither). The only good song here is the not very original  Whats really happening and Your pretty things are going to hell. The rest  soud like Sting or something worse.-
0486266885|4.0|I read this book once as a junior high school kid and it had mere connotations of a spooky tale.  At that age, it paled in comparison to the horror flicks of the day.  All the psychological factors did not register  at that time. I did decide to re-read the book more recently. I also  re-read it right on the heels of reading The Double by Fyodor Dostoevsky  and Edgar Allan Poes short story William Wilson.  I would have to rank it  lower than the story by Old Fyodor but it still had a stronger impact than  it did as a pubescent punk kid.  It is also a bit more developed than the  Poe tale.  My interest in the dual nature of man has been piqued by reading  these two books.  The motifs of the story were more apparent.  It is a  great work that gets overlooked by the literati but will surely outlive  many of the preferred classics that the Academy recommends. I would say  that anyone interested in psychology in literature or in the dual nature of  man should give this a try.   Rediscovering these old literary classics has  proven to be a great joy and a very rewarding experience.  Recommended.
079073463X|5.0|This movie is my favorite in this line of films.  No one is quite as luminous or lovely as Michelle Pfeiffer is in this role.  Rutger Hauer is great as her knight.  Matthew Broderick is a fantastic &quot;Mouse&quot;.    <br />&quot;Ladyhawke&quot; has it all-adventure,love, mystery,action-you name  it.  <br />It is truly a love story for the ages, and I would take my young  child to see it.  I cannot recommend it any more highly than that.
6305358567|1.0|I looked forward to this film but found its portrayal of Elizabeth very disappointing.  Even as a young girl, she was far more clever and wily than this movie makes her out to be -- if she hadn't been, she would have been  dead at 14.  I disliked the many historical inaccuracies -- for instance,  Mary of Guise (Mary Queen of Scots' mother) did not die of an assassination  attempt but instead succumbed to dropsy. (And where is Mary Queen of Scots  anyway?) Nobody ever shot arrows at Elizabeth, although there were plenty  of plots against her.  And the queen knew all about Dudley's first marriage  -- indeed, there is quite a dramatic story about that, which was not  included in this movie and should have been.  It seems doubtful, too, that  Elizabeth ever had the kind of sex shown in this movie -- not after what  her father did to her mother and to her stepmother (i.e. lop off their  heads). What I did like about this film was its beautiful art direction --  in the scenes from the coronation, Blanchett is made to look just like the  contemporary coronation portrait of Elizabeth.  A lovely touch.
0375403477|2.0|Clancy's latest offering is yet another decline from his high level of excellence in the eighties.  Hunt for Red October, Cardinal in the Kremlin and other similar works were well researched, had well developed characters  and a pace of plot development that kept things moving and exciting.   Rainbow Six depends more on heads being turned into pink meat than anything  else to sustain interest.  It also suffers from the drag it out write as  many words as you possibly can to get your point across for absolutely no  reason syndrome.  This is one to avoid unless you are truly an avid fan or  desperately need some beach reading.
0553108034|3.0|Well written (as are all of GRRM's works), but falls victim to the pitfalls of second books -- too much time is spent setting up the third book. (yes, I know the series will have 6 books, but GRRM has said the  structure will be 2 trilogies)<br />Still, quite worth reading -- the scenes  set on the Wall are chilling (no pun intended!), and the characters behave  realistically, given their personalities.
B00002EPJH|5.0|This is a quietly astounding record, free of the overplaying (albeit divinely inspired) and self-indulgent repetition (albeit hypnotic) of Jarrett's earlier solo work.  This is very much like a very fine  late-period Bill Evans album -- pregnant with sadness, full of poignant  hesitations and silences, almost tentative in its delicacy.  Jarrett is  determined to draw every molecule of emotion out of the old standards he  brings to life here.  It's so unflashy you could almost miss it...  but  there's a tragic wisdom between the lines here, and a commitment to love,  craft, and the pure beauty of melody in every note.
B00000099Y|4.0|Aenima is a very good record tracks 1,2,3,5,7 and 13 are all great songs.My complaints are that the album runs a little bit to long and that there are to many interludes but besides that Aenima is a Very good record.
B000002GYR|5.0|You know that turning point that comes right between crying your eyes out and starting to feel better? That place where you still ache, yet nonetheless feel vaguely hopeful? That's what listening to this CD is like  for me. I've never found anything that captures the angst, and acceptance,  of human imperfection more perfectly. When I die, this is what I want  played at my wake.
0805062971|5.0|With all the fire (and praise) this movie is catching, I desired nothing more than to be able to watch it when it came out; I waited for months for it and, when it came out, it didn't come to my hillbilly town theater, so I  picked up the book.  Now, I don't want to see the movie because there's no  way they can improve on this wonderful book.<br />Also, there are really no  fight scenes in the book.  They just talk about the wounds he receives  afterwards and, for the few there are, they're usually just one-paragraph  or two-paragraph (although the writer doesn't use paragraphs  conventionally) blurbs about what happened.<br />Amazing how a story  punctuated with violence can center only on the gruesome details and not  the violence itself.  This'll definitely get blamed for the next act of  violence committed in our nation, but I recommend it to any psychologically  sound individual.
B00000JCB2|3.0|Limp Bizkit are becoming an incredibly popular band now. To me, it makes no sense. SIGNIFICANT OTHER can't even begin to touch the power of THREE DOLLAR BILL, YALL$. 3DB was a hardcore cd, filled with lots of heavy guitar  riffs. SIGNIFICANT OTHER has taken LB into a more hip-hop sound. The only  conclusion i've been able to come to, about why this was their  break-through cd, is that they managed to pull in the rap/hip-hop/r&amp;b  crowd into liking it, as well as the original metal fans. I also can't  understand why &quot;Nookie&quot; was the hit when it's the weakest song on  the cd after &quot;N 2 Gether Now&quot; (which was a pure rap song and a  disgrace to the metal scene). It does have some good songs, tho.  &quot;Trust&quot; and &quot;Show Me What You Got&quot; are awesome songs  (they were originally a combined song with alternate lyrics, called  &quot;Cambodia&quot;, on the FAMILY VALUES TOUR '98 cd). Other highlights  are &quot;Just Like This&quot;, &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, &quot;I'm  Broke&quot;, and &quot;9 Teen 90 Nine&quot;. Overall, this has a lot of  hype to it and not the best delivery in the world. It's worth getting  eventually, but this really shouldn't be a big priority on your list of cds  to get.
0788812408|5.0|Great movie, very entertaining, one of the best I have EVER seen and Ariel is adorable!
6305265488|5.0|When I walked into the theatre, I thought this might be  an OK movie.I was wrong beyond words.This is the most incredable movie of the 90's, perhaps of all time.Everything from the beleivable dialouge to the costumes and  settings which were a treat to the eye. The characters are not  one-dimensional at all, even the stepmother is at times nice to danellie.  Every part was cast correctly. Danellie is an excellent role model for  women of today.This movie is beautifully made and acted.A good example of a   movie that is both excellent yet appropiate for all ages.
6300181340|5.0|I loved this movie. You cant help but wonder what the birds are going to do next. It was very good. I LOVED every moment of it. Its very shocking to see all the birds attack at once. When the school children are attacked.  The best. It's a classic in it's kind
B000002L7J|5.0|This album really grew on me, when I purchased it in 1994, never hearing it before, except &quot;How soon is now&quot; on the radio back in the 1980's. I had no idea that there would be so many songs even better than  that one. My favorite one being &quot;That joke isn't funny anymore&quot;,  it really showed  me the kind of musical and guitar genius that Johnny Marr  is. What a huge loss for Morrissey when he went solo without Johnny Marr. I  find the Smith's view on vegetarianism commendable (eventhough a  challenge), however they do run the risk of alienating many of their fans  including me. Ironically the worst song on the album is &quot;Meat is  Murder&quot;. So if you can overlook that and take the whole album in  context, there should be no doubt in your mind that this album is a work of  art, worthy of praise for its immense creativity and musical magic.
078322687X|5.0|Last night I was flippin through the channels right before bed (2am) and saw a movie starting on one of the channels... it was The Breakfast Club.. i've heard about this movie so I wanted to watch it... I'M GLAD I DID! This  movie is great! It inspires you and shows that no matter what group of  people you hang out with... people all have the same issues/problems and  just want to be accepted. Great movie.. buy it now!
B000002L9J|5.0|Except for the song, &quot;the Queen is dead&quot; this album is comprised of some of the best songs made by  the Smiths during their 1980's stint together. These songs are immortal and leave an indeliable mark in British  pop music of the latter half of this century. One of the last great groups  hailing from Manchester, England. Making a bold statement against musical  mediocrity, which nowadays is all we have, thank God for the Smiths!
B00001QGPR|5.0|It has taken a while but David Bowie is finally back at doing what he does so well. Why try to adjust to the mood of the day when your own style never goes out of fashion? Hypnotic, melodic, haunting songs that will remind  Bowie fans why they never lost faith and should seduce a whole new set.  Back on top of the world.
B000002AZ8|5.0|it show cases the wonderful loud guitars and Vedder's voice.  Any one who has given this CD one star is so stupid it is a wonder they could type the comment.  Any one who knows what music is should buy this CD.  Every one  should have a Pearl Jam CD and if you don't know which one to pick you  can't go wrong with this one.
014028009X|4.0|This is one of the few books I've read recently that made me laugh out loud as I was reading.  Imagine a book that keeps track of pounds weighed, lottery tickets bought, alcohol units consumed while detailing the life and  loves of a thirty something wild woman.  I'm older than this book's subject  by more than a decade, and it definitely crosses that generation gap.
B000000OAN|4.0|this album contains three different style of QUEEN'S early day's emotional,hard &amp; playfull.if you have never heard any of the songs on this album before and like QUEEN ,it's worth it ,also if you like songs  like GOOD OLD FASHION LOVER BOY,PLAY THE GAME, LET ME ENTERTAIN  YOU&amp;SEVEN SEAS OF RHYE .Your shure to like this album.
0024181900|2.0|Why tamper with a successful work? Why, for reasons of political correctness, of course. I like the way they snuck that in in the introduction to the current edition.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie was an outstanding modern day example of Plato's &quot;Allegory of the cave&quot; theory, also known as Plato's &quot;Divided Line&quot; theory.  If you really want to understand this movie and get it's full  meaning, take a course in Philosophy.  You will be in awe throughout the  movie!
B000003S2O|5.0|Eno described these acurately as psyho-acoustic paintings. These pieces are evocative of mysterious and subtle inner and outer landscapes. truly unique and great asa background for creative work like painting and  writing.
B000000OMB|5.0|This is the album that introduced the world to the trademark sound of Asia, the pop-progressive fusion exhibiting a larger than life panache reflected in the band's strikingly artistic album covers. And there's  plenty of power and drama packed into this album's nine songs, enough to  make one overlook its flaws and the fact that a couple of the numbers go on  just a wee bit too long. Not a perfect album, but a classic one, and a  standby in any semi-decent album collection.
B000007OY0|5.0|I just want to say that this is 1994's best movie, maybe the best of the 90's.  If it wasn't for overrated actor Tom Hanks and his &quot;Forest Gump&quot; this movie would have grabbed all those oscars &quot;Forest  Gump&quot; got, including best picture.
B000000OXH|4.0|Although generally forgotten in the shadow of Asia's first album, Alpha is nonetheless a worthy follow-up and a strong album in its own right, even if it does not contain songs as visible as &quot;Only Time Will Tell&quot; or  &quot;The Heat of the Moment&quot; from that album. This is actually in  some ways a more diverse album, with different songs capturing your  attention each time you listen to it. If you liked the debut, you'll  probably want to get this one as well.
6304509170|5.0|Though comments have rightly been made about the dated status of this movie (don't laugh at the incredibly slow typing speed of the computer engineers -- this was before the real Information Age!), Scanners hasn't  lost its edge or intelligent menace.<br />Watch the sequels to see how much  havoc was wreaked on this concept, and then you'll see the craft Cronenberg  instilled into the horror sequences here.  A suitable cast helps -- the  strangely colourless Stephen Lack, who is an uninteresting protagonist in  the beginning but turns out to be the exact thing the movie needed; Patrick  McGoohan (who later won raves for his performance in Braveheart) adding a  touch of authority and melodrama; and psychotic Michael Ironside.  His  final interaction with Lack, which I've watched about 30 times, succeeds on  their respective intensity, a great Howard Shore score, impeccable editing,  and on-the-mark special effects.<br />Put this one in your library as one of  the most original and engrossing of horror and sci-fi movies, and bear it  in mind should you ever venture into one of the sequels.  The Christian  Duguay-directed Scanners 2 and Scanners III made &quot;Scanners&quot; a  shameful moniker, but the original holds up to any other horror classic,  giving The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Dawn of the Dead, Freaks and Halloween  a run for their money.
0451198492|5.0|2001 is Mr Clarke at his best, with the added bonus of having Mr. Kubrick peeking over his shoudlers.What more could one want?? Forget we're so close to 2001.The issues treated in this wonderful book are still relevant,  technically and philosophically.This book represents Science Fiction at its  best, transcending genre. Just read it!!!!
6305364648|4.0|True Lies is one of Cameron's less successful attempts to mix characters and romance with strong action - but even then it's not half bad.  Arnold has to save the world from nuclear terrorists while trying to save his  marriage at the same time.  Not bad, but the film doesn't quite pull it all  together.<br />Cameron's action scenes are his usual fine work, but with a  lighter tone that pervades the movie.  There's also plenty of humor to go  around, which is also a nice touch.  But Cameron can't quite fit Arnold's  personal and professional lives together for the big showdown without  feeling like there's some scenes missing.  (How *do* the terrorists track  him down at the most inopportune moment?  For example)<br />A bit more editing  and a few more explanatory scenes could've improved True Lies, but  all-in-all it's still an enjoyable popcorn muncher.<br />The DVD itself comes  with a nifty menu, but only the standard trailer+chapter select features.
B00001OH7U|5.0|I just recently got into David Bowie as most of his work is from long before I was born. After seeing him in concert with NIN (whom I've long since grown tired of) I rushed out and bought his album Outside, and the  singles collection. When Earthling came out I decided I REALLY like this  guy and picked up the Buddha of Suburbia. Not as great as Outside but still  awesome compared to the worthless dripple the music industry was offering  (Korn? Limp Bizkit? give me a break) So I decided to buy up every Bowie  album I could get (made much easier by Amazon.com) After listening to each  album I just couldnt hold back the excitment! It was like I found this vast  horde of incredible music that somehow eluded me all of my ignorant teenage  years. Anybody reading this who hasnt done something this drastic should  give it some thought, while some of Bowie's albums are better than others,  none will dissapoint. <br />Which brings me to this album. Its not very long  (only 6 tracks, but 6 lengthy tracks), but the whole thing is pure musical  brilliance. Not a second of dull music, not a 'filler' track to be found,  this album is a masterpiece. Without a doubt one of my most played albums,  i dont go a whole day with listening to this and Heroes or Low. (which you  should also own).<br />Hours is pretty darn good too but nothing beats his  stuff from early 70's to early 80's.
0140386335|5.0|If you like fantasy, this is an absolute must read! I loved this book the first time I read it, and each time I read it again I find more beautiful and wonderful elements to the story. Michael Ende takes fantasy and fairy  tale and makes them stunningly, marvelously, and achingly human. A great  read for all ages; 5 stars does Not cover it!
B00001MXWX|5.0|I was a little hesitant to see this (the odd numbered curse) but I loved it!  Finally the fun is back! What on earth is wrong with a little humor?? So there were not a whole lot of battle scenes, who cares?  I remember ST  was supposed to be more than just a space shoot 'em up..it was supposed to  be more thoughtful and adventurous, and yes, even HUMOR. The  characterizations and acting were great - you could see that everyone had  fun doing this movie. I loved the Riker/Troi subplot, and I really liked  the fact that Data didn't have the emotion chip (Data was always more  interesting with a purely android perspective) I liked the fact that Picard  had let loose a little (what's wrong w/a little mambo, is he supposed to  only listen to Beethoven's 5th?). I also loved the fact that yes the Fed  has flaws and that it was up to a few good men (and women) to put things to  right. What did the orig ST say? &quot;Absolute power corrupts  absolutely.&quot; Like so many other gov'ts, the Fed has to look to itself  and make sure it still represents justice, not just power. This isn't the  first time either, remember Undiscovered Country? Also, I'm glad there were  no Borg!! Does every bad guy have to be the Borg? Tiresome. And you run the  risk of making the Borg into a 1D enemy, like the Klingons became in the  original.  All in all, thank God ST is back - the lightheartedness, the  ethics, the characters, everything!
B000002UAU|5.0|IF YOU DON'T LIKE &quot;SGT.PEPPER,&quot; YOU'RE A SADIST. NOW, GO TO HELL.
B000006YMP|2.0|Agnetha sure know hows to sing, doesn't she? Personally, I like Frida's voice better, but I think her vocals for ABBA were fantastic, and also on this album, she sings very well. However, the songs selected for her first  after-ABBA solo album do not interest me at all. Maybe it's because they  sound so old-fashioned to me. I often play ABBA and Frida, but Agnetha's  solo work remains unplayed. Too bad, as she's a great singer. I recommend  Voulez-Vous by ABBA for Agnetha's best songs.
B000002UAX|5.0|IF YOU DON'T LIKE THE &quot;WHITE ALBUM,&quot; YOU'RE A SADIST. NOW, GO TO HELL.
B000001DYY|5.0|I bought this CD when it came out and then gradually forgot about it until a few weeks ago when I was digging through my collection to find something interesting.  I have been playing it in my car ever since, suprised by how  well it has held up and continues to hold up after listening to it over and  over.  What is most impressive is the intricacy and lushness of the  production and the varied compositions.  The first track,  &quot;Elemental,&quot; is superb, as is &quot;Break It Down Again&quot; and  &quot;Mr. Pessimist,&quot; a multi-layered protest song, which reminds me a  great deal of the later work of Talk Talk.  Also worth the money are  &quot;Dog's a Best Friend's Dog&quot; (someone please explain what this  song means), &quot;Fish Out of Water&quot; and &quot;Power&quot; (though  this last song borders on the pretentious).  Finally, &quot;Goodnight  Song&quot; is -- as the other reviews indicate -- probably the prettiest  song here, but it suffers from its sweet sentimentality.  It's almost too  perfect a coda to be heard repeatedly.  Tears for Fears fans will not be  disappointed by the lyrics, either.  As with the earlier albums, these  songs reflect a positive, sharply defined philosophy.  Amidst the sugar,  Orzabel delivers up some of his strongest medicine yet.
B000000OMB|5.0|What can I say about this album that others haven't already rightly pointed out?  I must agree with so many others in that I don't understand why so many critics knocked this one.  I think it deserved to sell 9  million copies.  I love every song on it.  The words, music, arrangements,  and even the Roger Dean album cover, are all so beautiful, powerful, and  emotional.  Some of the songs are sad (&quot;Without You&quot;), others are  positive (&quot;One Step Closer&quot;).  Some of the songs are downright  explosive; some explode with blood-pumping elation (&quot;Here Comes the  Feeling&quot;), while others explode with anger (&quot;Cutting it  Fine&quot;).  The common denominator is that they are all very  moving.<br />Steve Howe is  probably my #1 favorite guitarist; he's more than  just technically impressive; he has a unique style of playing, writing, and  arranging that's kind of like jazz, rock, and avante-garde all at the same  time.  I mean he plays the guitar almost as if he's from another planet.   <br />John Wetton is one of my favorite bass players.  To really hear him at  his most adventurous, you'd have to listen to his work with King Crimson.   Crimson tended to be more experimental, while Asia was more pop-oriented,  so the bass parts might be more conservative here in a way, but they are  solid and powerful.  Wetton also has one of the most beautiful voices I've  ever heard; he's one of my very favorite singers.<br />Of course, I could also  heap lots of praise on the rest of the band.  Carl Palmer is one of my  favorite drummers.  Geoff Downes is wonderful with keyboards.  I hope it  sells another 9 million copies!
0792839676|5.0|If you've ever felt lonely, isolated, depressed or different, you'll identify with this film.  Carrie White, although she commits monsterous acts, could never be considered the monster of the film.  Anyone who has a  heart will warm to her, and anyone who has experienced true misery will  realise how convincingly and appropriately Spacek plays the part.  De  Palma's direction is wonderful.  Carrie really set the standards for his  following films because he's on top form.  The film is touching,  thought-provoking and upsetting, while at the same time you can laugh at  their 70's clothes and haircuts.  If you've never seen Carrie, you must do,  immediately!
6304341849|5.0|&quot;Maurice&quot; is not so much a film about being gay as it is a testimony to the importance of integrity and the courage of conviction.  In an age and a society where acceptability and prominence reigned supreme,  Maurice Hall choose love and happiness rather than banality and conformity;  an utterly brave act considering what he risked losing in doing so.   Beautiful and evocative throughout, with every scene resplendent and  atmospheric, brimming with the essence of the age.  The scenes in Cambridge  were especially beautiful with the gothic architecture adding to the  underlying, brooding sense of the film.  James Wilby, Hugh Grant and Rupert  Graves were equally marvelous in their respective roles, as was Denholm  Elliot in his smaller, yet vital role.  Merchant Ivory's made some  extraordinary films in their day but &quot;Maurice&quot; is, in this  viewer's opinion, their greatest film.  In lesser hand's  &quot;Maurice&quot; could have been relegated into clichd obscurity.   Their pace, sense of time and place and deep commitment to E.M. Forster's  vision raise this great story to new and lofty heights.
630521610X|5.0|This movie is one of the scariest movies I have ever seen.  It has a great plot and the actors are perfect.  Scream is a movie that has made history.  I would definetly recomend it to anyone who enjoys scary movies.  &quot;Do  you like scary movies&quot;(Quote from the movie)
0060245867|5.0|I read this book while in the bookstore on vacation.  I read it three times in the store and couldn't stop talking about it.  I work as a reading tutor and this is a perfect book for my kindergartners.  It is a must have.
B00001SIES|5.0|I think this group are superb. The lead singer has a fantastic voice. They are going to take the music business by storm.
B000001GBJ|5.0|This is a fabulous CD!I use it in my massage therapy business everyday,I would feel lost with out it!It is amoung my most cherished CD's.My clients also enjoy the soothing ability the selections on this cd have upon them.
0792156684|5.0|... I figure Cameron uses these things as devices to bring modern audiences into a story they normaly wouldn't be too concerned with (we all knew how it ended before we even went in to see it). Truthfully, the  broader these characters are drawn the easier it is to relate to them, to  slip into their shoes and experience the real story. The real story being  the sinking of the ship. How many people can't relate to the story: Men  know what it's like to long for the unatainable woman, women know the  desire to leave a stiffleing relationship, and everyone knows the rush of  new love (I'll go out on a limb and theorize that the latter, more so then  just Leonardo DiCaprio is what attracted such a strong young female  audience). You've got action, spectacle, drama, tragedy, romance,  historical resonance. Just considering how well his screenplay keeps the  viewer involved is an impressive accomplishment. Just a look at the number  of positive reviews submitted from other countries gives an idea of how  universal this story is. For some to suggest that the fact this movie made  so much money is a sign of how low our standards have slipt is egotistical  at best. For some to state that it is a standard Hollywood movie is just  plain wrong, Hollywood hasn't made a big budget period peice in thirty  years, nevermind a three hour long one where nothing realy happens 'til the  middle. Yes it was a tearjerker, but a tearjerker in the midst of an actual  tragedy. James Cameron took a huge risk with this movie, one no other  director in Hollywood would even consider, and his gamble paid off, so for  him to feel like &quot;The King of the World&quot; is justified and  deserved. Titanic is a monumental achievement. <br />Except for that damn  Celine Dion (yech!)
B00001QGPR|4.0|I was disappointed at first, but I kept listening to it. My past experience with new Bowie albums (barring a few like Tonight and Never Let Me Down) is that for some reason I often don't &quot;get it&quot; at first. 'Outside' in particular was like this for me, but after a few listens I began to enjoy it.  'hours...' does not have the same degree of inventiveness and creativity of some of Bowie's other stuff. Many of the songs have structural bits that occasionally remind me of bits of other Bowie songs, and they sometimes incorporate the various &quot;sounds&quot; of his past records. In other words, Bowie seems to be borrowing from himself sometimes, which seems perfectly reasonable to me, because he builds on it to keep things fresh.  I could personally use fewer synth strings and over-the top guitar, but overall, it's a good, occasionally beautiful, well-textured album full of interesting songs.
B00000DCWR|5.0|i found his cd in a garage sale it's was excellent and tom petty is pretty cool. He's not relly much listened to but if it was a rating out 100 i  would give him 100% i guess it's kinda rock but not really if you see this  cd cheap get it!
B000008M54|5.0|I've worn through two copies of the tape and am about to buy the CD. It's THAT good. Some of the best melodies and lyrics by The Waterboys can be  found right here. If you have any interest in soulful, lyrical music (a la  Van Morrison, perhaps), Fisherman's Blues will not disappoint you.
0790701251|5.0|Kubrick was against Stereo because he didn't trust it.  He approved this disk because he wanted it mono.  He also determined if a movie should be shown wide screen or full screen.  This wasn't shot at 2.35:1.  It was only  1.66.  YOu aren't missing much by having it adjusted for your set.  And if  it is a great film (which it is) then you arent missing anything.
B00000K19E|5.0|I am a lad who enjoys the extremes of technology, but the matrix does take it one step further.  Excellent graphics and martial-arts skill.  Amazing film.  As you get to the end of the film, all the bits come into place and  then you'll understand what the film is about!
B000006045|5.0|massive attack displays their massive skills. teardrops brings you to a melancholic nirvana. as the songs progress, i feel that they drop in   quality slightly, but this album never ceases to impress me the more times  i listen to it. a definite contendor in the best albums of the ninties.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Great CD by Blink. One of my favorites of theirs.  Guys, let me tell you, if you've just had a breakup over a serious relationship, this is what you  need to be listening to.  Great songs, though they are almost all about  breakups, but the CD itself is just way too short.  When I really like all  the songs, I want a longer CD.  It's what? A half-hour?  Oh well, still  strongly recommended.
0805017305|5.0|This book has opened my eyes to the brutality and genocide that this  country has always promised to destroy.What we have done to the aborignal  people of this continent is no less than stalin and hitler.The saddest part  is that it is still happening, if we continue to overlook these people and  their customs it will not only be detremental to us and our children but to  the earth itself.The native people found a way to live with earth, to be  part of the ecological balance and still enjoy life to the fullest.Even  with our computers and cars and cities with 1million plus people there is  still a lesson to learn.  Over the years equal rights in this country has  been a fight for all minorities but the native people especially in america  have been the last to be allowed to vote, hold political office, own  property, and even to be allowed to worship in the way that have done for  centuries. Read this book become aware of what our history is really like  because unfortunely we are destined to repeat it. Dee brown writes a book  that is poetic, easy to read @ understand, sad and heart warming just like  the people he writes about. it just takes a little understanding of  something that is new. thank-you
B00000K19E|5.0|Rented it, then I bought it. It is a really great concept
0790729628|3.0|The original was better.  I found the director's cut to be utterly boring.  Someone should start a petition or something...
068483605X|5.0|I read this book when I was in 10th grade and I enjoyed it then.  I am now 35, my three children are in school all day and I am ordering the book to read again.  I have been waiting until now to re-read it because I wanted  to have quiet time to relish the story.  It is a wonderful lesson in life.   Yes, they are rabbits, but they are rabbits that every one can relate  to.<br />I am hoping my 10th grader will pick it up and read it.
B000002C1W|5.0|This album shows the true talent of David Gilmour.  Although missing Roger Waters, the sound of Pink Floyd is still there.  Signs of life is a great  intro and learning to fly has a great arrangement.  Pink Floyd's sound is  still with them in this album
0131103709|5.0|I'm sure I can't add much to all the other reviews.<br />Hands down, this is the book for you if you have some previous programming experience and want to learn C.  Complete novices will want a more hand-holding approach that  will explain how to operate the compiler and so forth. (Sorry, I can't make  any recommendations there.)<br />I learned C in 1992 using this book, which is  at once mercifully short, well-written, and authoritative.  It is also  surprisingly complete and can serve well as a reference after you've  learned.<br />I prefer C: A Reference Manual for that, though.  C: ARM is more  complete, detailed, and better organized for reference.  It is also  legendary for accuracy.
B0000048X8|3.0|The only thing that saves this movie from its own maudlin concept--sold-out hippies congregate after one of their number commits suicide--is an amusing script and a host of strong performances, with Jeff  Goldblum, Kevin Kline and Glen Close the standouts.  Humor and light irony  contrast sharply with the skin-deep pathos that plague this film; Kasdan's  script is like a very well-written sitcom: Amusing, diverting, but shallow.   Kasdan would give similar characters a much deeper treatment years later  in &quot;Grand Canyon&quot;.
B000002J1C|4.0|I first bought this album and then &quot;Fragile&quot; in 1981 when I was 14.  These, and a couple of old Genesis albums, are basically how I remember the early 80's.  Meaning, when I hear this music I'm transported  back to being young and stupid, but discovering incredible music, from an  incredible group!  I used to think that Jon Anderson and Steve Howe were  gods walking the earth!  This isn't my favorite album, but it's definitely  very special to me.  I still LOVE &quot;Starship Trooper&quot;, probably my  all-time favourite Yes song.  I've probably listened to this song thousands  of times, and it still moves me.  The rest of the album is also very good,  but overall not their best.  I'd rank this as their 4th best album.   I saw  them at an outdoor show in 1984 from the 7th row, it was INCREDIBLE!  They  were fantastic live, especially the versions of &quot;Starship  Trooper&quot;, &quot;Roundabout&quot;, and &quot;Close to the Edge&quot;.   I don't think I'd want to see them in concert now though, they're getting  quite old.  I can't reccomend seeing them in concert anymore, but I'd  definitely reccomend this album. In case you care for my opinion, their  best albums are &quot;Close to the Edge&quot;, &quot;Tales From Topographic  Oceans&quot;, and &quot;Going For the One&quot;.  Those are definitely 5  stars.  This album, &quot;Fragile&quot;, and &quot;Relayer&quot; are 4  stars.  (Don't bother with &quot;Tormato&quot;, their only really BAD  album.)
0790735954|3.0|&quot;Full Metal Jacket&quot; starts out so magnificently, with scenes set on Parris Island, that when first watching it I thought that there really was a possibility that it was &quot;the greatest war film of all  time&quot;, as a few critics so grandiosely proclaimed.  The first hour is  harrowing and powerful, with volcanic performances from the actors playing  Pvt. Gomer Pyle and the Drill Sergeant, and a quiet but nuanced one from  Matthew Modine.  After one of the great death scenes in any movie, the  action shifts to Viet Nam--where the film begins its slow slide into cliche  and irrelevance.  The action scenes give little impression of the  exhileration and terror of war, and the scenes of GI's out and about in  Saigon and thereabouts have been done--and done better--in a dozen other  movies ranging from &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot; to &quot;Good Morning,  Vietnam.&quot;  Kubrick has little new to say about the war in Viet Nam.   What makes this film worth watching is its first half.  Its sudden collapse  in the last hour is startling and unfortunate, and as a result, in the  great pantheon of Viet Nam films, it is a much lesser film than  &quot;Apocalypse Now&quot;, &quot;The Deer Hunter&quot;,  &quot;Platoon&quot; or even &quot;Good Morning, Vietnam.&quot;
6302759110|3.0|This film could have been really brilliant.  The great performances by Gary Oldman and Anthony Hopkins are shadowed at times by the cheesy and over-the-top accents (and I use that term loosely) of Ryder and Reeves.   Whoever cast Keanu in this film should be taken out and used for target  practice. Talk about a mismatch! The other actors are pretty good, though,  but I think that Coppola tried too hard.  He could have backed off with  some of the effects and let the story run its course.  Still, though, I  watch this movie over and over for three reasons: the music, Gary Oldman  (who is one of the most underrated actors on the planet), and it's a  vampire film.
6303327982|1.0|I am tempted not to give Oliver Stone's disaster of a movie an intelligent review, because he did not bother to give me an intelligent film.  Instead, I will be brief, and try not to get upset at the fact that Oliver Stone  puts pure drivel on the screen and gets away with it because he once  directed a few pretty good films: Regardless of whether this is satire or  social commentary, it's a failure.  It suffers from exreme overkill and a  hideous repetitiveness that renders it almost unwatchable.  Stone's not  saying anything that hasn't been said a hundred times before, and  better--the media glamorizes outlaws, manipulates the public, etc. He's not  funny, he's not entertaining, and he doesn't inspire thought on the part of  the viewer.  Too heavy-handed to be satire, too slow-witted to be true  social commentary, this film is a waste of time.
6302814782|5.0|I first saw this film when I was 11. I've loved it ever since. This film has it all...comedy, suspense, horror, action, and a touch of drama.  I love vampire films, and I have to say that this is the most intelligent one  I've ever seen. It's the only one I know of where the vampire hunters are  SMART and go for the vampires in the daytime instead of 5 minutes before  the sun goes down! Plus it features two of my favorites, Alex Winter (whom  many will remember as &quot;Bill&quot; from 'Bill and Ted') and Billy Wirth  (whose been in so many things, I've lost count.)  All in all, a great  movie, and my favorite on the planet.
0784010528|3.0|Jim Morrison was a self-indulgent hack of a songwriter, but he was a man with charisma to spare.  It sometimes amazes he that his shoddy mythologizing passes for poetic expression, but then I listen to his voice:  Not technically beautiful, but lusty, ringing, and enormous, it redeems  some of his missteps and makes them into great rock songs like &quot;Break  on Through&quot; and &quot;LA Woman&quot;.  Oliver Stone, on the other  hand, is no hack, but like Morrison, he is overambitious and  self-indulgent.  It makes sense that he would make a film about the Doors'  frontman.  The result is an enormous film that is very nearly derailed by  Stone's irritating mannerisms and bloated, overheated directing, but maybe  that's fitting: A bloated, overheated rock star deserves a bloated,  overheated biopic.  The best part about the film by far is Val Kilmer's  mezmerizing performance as the Lizard King himself, and man is it a great  part--to me, it ranks with De Niro in &quot;Taxi Driver,&quot; Washington  in &quot;Malcom X,&quot; and Brando in &quot;On the Waterfront&quot; as one  of the finest of all time.  Unfortunately, Stone is unwilling to let his  star carry the picture and thereby outshine the director, and so the whole  enterprise comes this close to crashing down in flames.
B00000F2U8|3.0|I must take exception to Mr. Maltins' review of this one. At no time during the viewing of this film (my copy at least) do the stars &quot;pour gasoline on a guy and set him on fire...&quot;.  There is a scene where a  gangster becomes soaked with gasoline from a ruptured gas tank.  There is a  subsequent fire but I saw no one being burned.  In another scene our heroes  threaten to ignite the posterior of another guy after saturating it with  alcohol but no ignation takes place.  All in all a good time killer with  some pretty good sight gags.  The gun fight in the garage is close to being  a classic.  Give us a break Len, it's escapism and worth a look.
6302800897|5.0|James Stewart at his best.  With a strong assist from George C. Scott, and aided by Otto Perminger's cagey direction, Stewart hoists a long movie on his thin shoulders and carries it home.  Forget &quot;It's a Wonderful  Life&quot; and &quot;Mr. Smith Goes to Washington&quot;, Stewart really  came into his own as an actor in late middle age, with his morally  compromised and sometimes disturbing characters here and in his three best  Hitchcock collaborations, &quot;Vertigo&quot;, &quot;Rear Window&quot;, and  &quot;Rope.&quot;
B0000062Y2|5.0|Having seen the musical a number of times on stage and having seen the movie more times than I can remember, I remain a huge fan of &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar,&quot; as presented by Ted Neeley, Carl Anderson, and  Yvonne Elliman.  This is truly an outstanding presentation of incredible  material, and I highly recommend it over any other version. I'm quite  shocked by the reviews calling these tremendous actors' voices  &quot;weak&quot; or &quot;passive&quot; -- I see no basis for this  whatsoever.  Truly, Ted Neeley is absolutely stellar in the role of Christ  -- he is decidedly *not* passive, but incredibly emotional (which one would  think is a requirement for the role!).  Carl Anderson's performance  actually elicits pity for the cursed Judas. . .and might even make one hope  he was pardoned.  Yvonne Elliman's voice is sweet and poignant -- her  &quot;I Don't Know How to Love Him&quot; is beautiful.  The entire  soundtrack is haunting, and the instruments are far better on this version  than on any of the others.  What more does an audience need?!
0790741164|5.0|Forget whether this film is factually accurate--it's not.  But that's not the point.  As sheer cinema, it's a tour-de-force, one of the few times Stone's over-the-top antics make the film rather than derail it.  Though  Costner is only serviceable in the lead as Garrison, where this film  flourishes are in the bits: Tommy Lee Jones as an effeminate conspirator,  John Candy at his best as an FBI insider and man of great appitites, Kevin  Bacon gritty and real as a convict contacted by Garrison.  It's easily  Stone's best film--his two Viet Nam films are powerful, but this one has  the scope and sweep of an epic, and for once he lives up to his ambitions.   As a true detester of Oliver Stone's later work, I can honestly reccomend  this as not just palatable but powerful.
B00000DHTF|4.0|At last Bruce Springsteen comes around to release a bunch of his famous outtakes. At first rumoured to be a 6-disc set, but finally cut down to 4.  A lot of his arguably best songs are on this set, and there are also many  songs not previously circulated on bootlegs. But some of his most famous  outtakes aren't here, like The Promise and The Fever to name a couple  (these were finally released on 18 Tracks). The feeling that comes to mind  is &quot;we want more&quot;. He has so many songs in the vault, and another  disc or two wouldn't done any harm. The songs that made it, though, makes  sure that this is a thrilling experience for any fan - and a must-have if  you like Springsteen at all.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Aside from being a laughable, pre-fabbed, made-for-MTV, unoriginal slice of trash, this is a great CD.<br />Then again, if you believe Korn, Limp  Bizkit, Rage, etc.. will even be remembered 10 years from now, I have some  swampland I'd like to sell you.
B000001DYJ|5.0|As someone who went to one of the 3 concerts that this was recorded at (the Indianapolis show) I can tell you this was a great concert, better than the reunion tour.  They were perfectly on and the crowd was singing  along like you wouldn't believe.  I'm mostly commenting on the person who  wrote that the audience participation was jazzed up on the disk during  Creatures of the Night.  The crowd was so loud when they came out it took  me 30 seconds to know what song they were playing when they began the show  with that song - and I'm a diehard.  They didn't include it here, but the  audience practically sang I Want You for Paul Stanley - don't think that  the audience was added to this disk.  You'd be wrong.  Just because the  audience didn't sound anemic like on AC/DC's live (why do bands record live  albums outdoors?) disk doesn't mean KISS had to add any punch to theirs.
0425129586|3.0|This book was average, then again i am not to big on scary books.  Agatha Christie is a superb author, though.  She really knows how to write.  If you do not like books about murder dont get this book but if you do this  book would probaly would be a 5 star book.  Well dont take my word for  it,read it.
B000002KAT|5.0|In Greil Marcus's survey of rock critics' Desert Island Disks (&quot;Stranded&quot;) 2 of the 20 chose Astral Weeks.  After 35 years I  still binge regularly on Van Morrison and for me Astral Weeks remains both  his definitive work and my favorite record of all time.  However, in  fairness, I have to admit that many people hate the man.  To my husband he  is 'that whining dwarf'.  I have noticed also that Astral Weeks sounds less  well on modern stereos, which define each instrument just a little too  clearly for comfort.  Best to hear it first, perhaps, on older equipment  with more base.
B00001ODHL|5.0|One doesn't realize the impact &quot;Army of Darkness&quot; has had on popular culture until you look around a bit.  Ash, played wonderfully by Bruce Campbell, is surely the inspiration for many wise-cracking video game  heroes from Duke Nuke'Em to Lara Croft. &quot;Army of Darkness&quot;  Special Edition had to work to win me over, as I already owned the first  widescreen released long ago.  This disc set does not disappoint.  The  Director's Cut is an interesting look into the editing process and the  alternate ending is quite different but funny.  This film is a cult  classic, and will probably be so for all time.
0783226160|5.0|Animal House, Diner,and possibly Bull Durham rate as my favourite 'guy movies'. You've got to have a few of these around to ease the pain of sitting through 'chick flicks'. Alot of laughs, and guys just behaving,  understandably, poorly. Perfect!
6302548195|5.0|I have seen this movie over 15 times. Every time I can't help but go to the gym after watching it. Arnold was the best. This movie just shows how incredible he was.
B00000K2SC|5.0|the matrix is the greatest movie in my opinion of all time.seen it 16 times so far,and it keeps gettin better every time. the story, and visual affects are unmatched by any thing i've ever seen. it is a master peice.
B000003CKH|5.0|this band is more about perspective than having a great pop hook, or showing off  accomplished musicianship.  they are good musicians, and they do write catchy tunes.... but the lyrics, john mcrea's inflections, and the  way they combine with the music is what makes cake such an unusual and  greatly appealing band.  <br />all three of their cd's are excellent, but i  would suggest that new listeners start with fashion nugget.
B00000JZC4|4.0|Let's face it. Millions (or is that overstating the case?) of people bought Filter's first album - SHORT BUS - on the strength of the single  &quot;Hey Man, Nice Shot.&quot; And granted, that was a great song. As for  the rest of the album, however... ouch. Terrible, generic  alterna-industrial-grind. Lots of sound signifying what is supposed to be  fury, but ultimately signifying nothing.<br />A huge disappointment, in other  words.<br />So it was with great trepidation that I anticipated the release of  Filter's 2nd album. Did the world really need another dose of loud,  senseless programming disguised as music? Nope. Imagine my surprise, then,  at what Filter has delivered in &quot;Title of Record.&quot;<br />Real lyrics.  Dynamic music. And - best of all - actual emotion behind all the screaming.  From the legitimate blood &amp; fury of &quot;Captain Bligh&quot; to the  Peter Gabriel/Solsbury Hill-meets-U2/Bad of &quot;Take A Picture&quot; and  beyond, this is a songwriter and a band that have really hit their stride.  Tremendous, tremendously impressive stuff. I can't wait to see what they do  next.
B000005ITX|5.0|One of the ten all times best records.Sounds still as fine as thirty years ago.
0385484518|5.0|This book (in cassette version) made me think again of what Iwant on my tombstone, and it isn't material things like Ted Turnerasks for, and definitely not something like &quot;I wish I had of worked longer and harder&quot;. I take away the thoughts of what truly is important for my life, and in trying to understand death it makes me value life all that much more.  Mitch Albom does a great job presenting his book to the listener. I highly recommend the audio version - it brings out the emotion of the book with wonderful results. I'm glad I was able to have similar talks with my father when he was dying of cancer.  This book is a must to share with friends and family.  Take time to discuss it with all of those who make a difference in your life and who make this brief time on earth such a marvelous experience.
6305470448|1.0|First of all, I don't like to watch movies about dirty people.  Dirty, (needs to take a bath kind of dirty), rotten teeth, do I want to go to the movies to see that?  So this movie was supposed to be so funny, so clever,  so original, so witty.  I found it to be mostly repulsive.  And for  romantic?  It was people lusting for each other like two high school kids  with over-active hormones.  There wasn't much &quot;romance&quot; in here  for me.<br />Just for the record, I enjoy the plays of William Shakespeare.  I  love to read his sonnets.  But as for this movie, much ado about nothing.
B000000H5J|5.0|absolutely one of the greatest albums of all time, period.<br />buy it, or your stupid.<br />i'm cool. you're not. listen to me, buy demanufacture.<br />yeah.
0691023565|4.0|This is a really good book about how to teach and how to think about problems that need to be solved with paper and pencil. Of course, it doesn't treat the way we handle problems today with computers. But it's  still a classic book.
B000000OQF|4.0|This band should go into history for rock historians to analyse it: a great band, capable of writing real good rocking songs, led by a complete  moron called Axl Rose, who cannot even sing live and, with his lousy  personality, finally led the band to its downfall. It is hard to  compreend... But this Cd rocks (in studio Axl's voice is really cool, it's  different from other things that were being done at the time in hard rock.  IT's a classic, no wonder it sold more than ten million copies.
0780624890|4.0|Great action and special effects.<br />It's a guy movie for sure
B00000JMQC|5.0|Every since I saw this movie when I was very young, I have always been enchanted with it. This is great movie. Every detail is amazing. Whether if its the lunch box trees or the room full of emerald city jewelys. I love  this movie and hope to purchase it soon.
B000002504|4.0|This album includes one of the greatest progressive rock songs, The Advent of Panurge. It has all the trademark Giant touches, complex acoustic intro,  snarling loud guitar riff, medieval influence in the vocals and Rabelais  references. Its followed by another fantastic song, Raconteur Troubadour.   Any Giant fan would agree that these are two of the band's best songs, and  maybe Boys in the Band as well. Some of the other pieces are a little dull,  like River and Think of Me with Kindness. I think the band gets even better  with its later output, although a bit more pretentious, particularly on In  A Glass House and Free Hand. After the album Interview it all slides....I  would have told them to include more solos and improv as all the members  are up to it.  Gary Green occasionally lights it up with a solo or at least  a challenging riff or two, when he does the band really kicks. But if you  like Gentle Giant this is one of their core albums and a must for any  progressive rock fan.  No one has attempted music like this for twenty five  years. The US album cover is poor when compared with Roger Dean's red  octopus on the imported version.
B000009QPQ|5.0|Why not call it Country music? Neil Young, Gram Parsons, the Byrds, Burritos, and Poco were always happy to acknowledge the debt they owed to  Nashville. These guys are just another link in the chain. Lovely record.
B000000OSG|3.0|The absence of drummer S. Rose is felt in thsi recording, which lacks punch and sincerity. But there are good songs in it (Civil War the best,  far!)
0670880728|5.0|This book was just hysterical!!! I was in a cafe laughing out loud, people thought I was crazy. Only for women though. I read some parts aloud to boyfriend-no laughter. Everyone should love and relate to Bridget Jones!!!!  Loved it and will read over again!!!
0767836286|1.0|Action junkies united for another over blown audio &amp; video attack on our all too willingness for suspence of dis-belief. It makes the FBI look incompatent. They are not as ambivalent as the film would have us believe.  Jeff Bridges creates great action, but could not convince the viewer this  would really happen. The message is crepuscular and over-stated.
B00000K19E|1.0|I had to give it one star, the system won't let you give a zero. This should have just been a computer game instead of a movie. The premise for this movie is just as silly as most of the games I've seen. But I suppose  there are enough high tech computer generated special effects, kung-fu  fighting and superfluous gunfire to keep the short attention span under 25  crowd happy. It's a torture, however, to watch Keanu Reeves at his wooden  worst uttering lines like &quot;Whoa!&quot; and &quot;Whut?&quot;. (Along  with &quot;Excellent!&quot; and &quot;Bogus!&quot; weren't those also his  lines in Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent Adventure?) I'm sure that this film was  a tremendous financial success and will spawn countless sequels and  immitators, but all it really reminds me of is some bad acid trips I took  in the '70s. &quot;Whoa, what is reality, man?&quot; &quot;Whut?&quot;.
B00001QGPR|4.0|I love this new album. David Bowie is brilliant. His cd is absolutely wonderful. He is going to be around for another forever. I hope he  continues his path down the calmer side. I especially like &quot;Thursday's  Child&quot;. Keep it real David!
B000005RNQ|4.0|Energetic, creative, metal coming from the heart!!! This CD by Saxon reveals with details what was the NWOBHM in the 80's. THis CD has Saxon  playing powerful, but simple and rocking, songs, with drummer Pete Gill  playing amazingly, Biff singing all his chords, the guitar duo of Oliver  and Quinn not so good on solos, but amazing on riffs and bass player S.  Dawnson delivering a good rhythm section. &quot;Princess of the Night&quot;  is an ultimate classic!
B00000J7J4|1.0|His guitar still sounds like no one else.   But the rest of this travesty of a CD with its Vegas-styled Latin rhythms and slicker than slick production, plus those desperate collaborations make Santana sound as  compelling as Hootie and the Blowfish.   This is what the Beach Boys'  &quot;Kokomo&quot; was to &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; or Grace Slick  singing &quot;White Rabbit&quot; versus &quot;Nothing's Gonna Stop Us  Now.&quot;   I'm happy for Carlos Santana's success, but did it have to  happen with such an innocuous and calculated group of songs?  A corporate  record and totally dispensable.  Many Grammy's are sure to follow.
B000007T1M|4.0|I think its cool how the lead singer says Blah Ragh rah raah rah Blaugh. You cant really uderstand what he says.   It is cool though.
6303402348|5.0|Forrest Gump is not just a movie it is a history lesson covering famous american events from the 50's into the 90's.  The thing i love the most about this film is forrest's down to earth and innocent personality.  it's  hard to beleive this is just a film and it is greatly down to Tom Hanks's  exceptionally performance which I think can sit comfortable amongst the  best ever.  To me the music also plays a big part in the movie with classy  tunes from the last 50 years.  <br />My favorite scenes in this movie are when  Forrest begins to run for no reason and when forrest is introduced to  forrest junior.   If you haven't seen this movie then you cannot consider  yourself a true movie expert,  so go to your local rental shop and you will  see what I mean.
B000002LOE|4.0|Certainly not R.E.M.'s best...but we're talking about a band consistent enough to make every release uniquely excellent.  Out of Time is no  exception, with an array of poppy alternative ranging from the perky,  radio-friendly &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot; to the surprisingly effective  &quot;Low&quot; to the gorgeous closer &quot;Me in Honey&quot;.  It's their  most eclectic batch by far, sometimes annoying but often sublime.
B000006OS2|5.0|I've been a McLintock fan since 1963...when it came out to the movies.  My dad took me to see it on my 11th birthday.  I held off buying the VHS version once I discovered the Wayne Foundation had not released an  &quot;authorized&quot; copy.  Once it did, I purchased three...just in case  one got damaged!  Yes...I love the movie.  For DVD customers....it IS worth  the wait.  If, as you can see from other reviews, the transfer quality to  DVD is poor, then why waste your money now, when you can (HOPEFULLY!!)  purchase the legitimate product when the Wayne Foundation releases it!   This is a GREAT movie for all ages.  Kids love the shenanigans, teens like  the romance, and us old-timers just like an easy-on-the-eyes and -ears  movie with a happy ending.  This is the only movie review I've ever  written, but the movie was worth it.
0767819594|5.0|A wonderfull Adaption of Laclos' Story. Go and see the Film in the cinemas or buy it directly. You will surely enjoy ist. Especially Sarah Michelle Gelar was playing her role so wonderfully, you can hardly get enough of her  performance.
B000003NA4|5.0|Caught Ms. Krall and her trio on PBS the other night and immediately ordered 2 CD's.....Both &quot;Love Scenes&quot; and &quot;Steppin  Out&quot;... and haven't stopped listening since! My suggestion to those  who have a problem with her.......turn the lights out, light up some  candles and crank up &quot;Love Scenes&quot;....if that doesn't start your  motor....then you HAVE NO motor!  Also, &quot;Steppin Out&quot; has some  bass solos to die for......  Just call me a new fan!!!!!!1
0446525537|2.0|Mr. Sparks latest book is not the quality of Message in a Bottle or The Notebook.  I did not laugh or cry...and found the book predictable, no surprises.  At least A Prayer For Owen Meany had suspense.
0451450523|5.0|&quot; THE LAST UNICORN&quot; is a touching, memorable, and heart tugging book. From the absloute beginning, the book creates an atmosphere of pure magic.  It is the most magical book ever written by a human hand.   Unfortunaley the movie doen't fare as well, the film can't capture the  beauty and complexity of the novel, so do what any intelligent person would  do and read this book.  Trust me... you will fall in love with this  amazingly enchanting book.
0140042520|5.0|A more laid back series of tales from the life of Jack Kerouac. Very relaxing, unlike &quot;On the Road&quot;. Makes you want to go climb a mountain.
B00001MXXG|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorite movies. Even though I own the VHS version, I keep watching it every time it comes on TV again.  The greatest thing about it is that now my ten year old daughter loves it also.   And that fact says a lot for this movie -  it crosses generational lines  and keeps getting better with every viewing.  We never grow tired of  watching it.    A great movie!!
6304117752|5.0|I have already viewed this movie at least 30 times in dif. occasions and in dif. time perioed. Now my daughter is getting 2 and I looked for this vedio everywhere for her and &quot;out of stock&quot; was the only answer  so far  Could anybody tell me why?
0425170055|5.0|i really liked this book. I loved the first john clark book Without Remorse and another book that has him as a main character has got to be good.  I like this book a little better because in it Clancy starts of the  action almost immediatly while in some of his other books it started off a  little slow. overall i just really like this book alot
B00000K2UX|5.0|You should buy this record even if you already got the first cd of Top Gun. The bonus tracks are really great. Especially Memories. If you close  your eyes and listnen to this song you see the movie. It's fantastic!!!
B00000K2UX|5.0|What can I say, in my opinion a truly superb album.  If you liked the film you will love the soundtrack.  Well worth the money, especially with  classics like (Sittin' On) The Dock Of The Bay and Take my Breath Away.
0312853238|5.0|There are not enough stars for this book. I have read Ender's Game 3 times and it was just as good the second and third times as the first. The story of Ender Wiggin developing into a genius strategist is completely  engrossing. The &quot;Giant's Drink&quot; game is also very interesting. I  could not put it down. ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!!
B00000IPAX|5.0|It is great mix of punk and rock! with funny lyrics! it is the best cd!
6305627401|5.0|i've always been a fan of south park, and when i heard that they were making a movie, i knew i had to see it.  we knew it would be funny, but i could  hardly contain my laughter and i know when i see it a second time,  i'll catch jokes that were muffled by my laughter the first time.  if you  like the t.v. show, you'll love the movie!
B000002KHH|5.0|One of the best all-around rock albums I've ever heard.  Too bad it doesn't contain more tracks, but hey, that's no reason to complain.  Highly recommended.
0920668364|5.0|Every mother I know who has read this book has cried.  You can't explain what it is like to be a parent to someone who has never experienced it.  This book does a good job of it though.  I tell my children often that no  matter how old they are, or what they do in their lives, I will always love  them and always be their mother.  Many thanks to Robert Munsch.
B000000W5F|1.0|The Stones as a rule don't release strong overall albums; even in the early 70's, their best period,  you had to dig the gems out of a lot of  dross. 'Tattoo You' conforms to the general rule. It has two good songs -  the first, 'Start Me Up', and the last, 'Waiting on a Friend' - and very  little of substance in between. Fine if you're a completist; if not, just  buy 'Hot Rocks' or maybe 'Exile', their only album that works as a cohesive  whole.
B000002MUN|5.0|This album resonates with pure, uncluttered songwriting.  As a musician, this to me is the pinnacle of honest sound and honest performance.  Many of  these songs can make me cry if I'm in the right frame of mind, and I  welcome every tear.  Tom Petty and Mike Campbells teaming with Rick Rubin  proves to be a match made in heaven.  Quiet songs stay quiet and are  unashamedly gentle.  Rocking songs let loose and stick it to you in the  grand old Tom Petty tradition.  This album is a must have for every music  lover looking for close miking and true instrument sounds...something  lacking in so much of todays music.
0792839846|1.0|Casablanca itself needs no review or further praise...but this particular tape has at least 1/2 hour of stuff and nonsense at the beginning...my index finger is still aching from holding down the fast forward button to  bypass all the BS. Please, please, PLEASE, a _clean_ Casablanca.
B000003S5H|4.0|This is one fantastic cd. A real genuine effort, although it doesn't reach perfection, it is well worth purchasing. A couple tracks drag on a bit too  long, but otherwise it is all good. Standouts include Sexy Boy and Kelly  watch the stars.
0783223218|2.0|I missed &quot;The Jackal&quot; when it was released, but the promo's all said it was a modern remake of the classic &quot;Day of the Jackal&quot;.  Forget it!  Not only is this a bad remake, it's so boring I trashed it  halfway thru and never want to see it again.  Put your time and money into  the original &quot;Day of the Jackal&quot; and see what a great movie-maker  like Fred Zinneman and company can do with a story like this.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I have to admit that I was a bit skeptical about this album when I heard about all the guest spots by so many pop stars.  Projects of this nature  are often time highly masturbatory exercises by overindulgent artists.   They try to sell you on the fact that so many name players appear rather  than on the music itself.  I had suspicions that this could be such a  project. That being said, I was still curious about what Carlos was up to.   He has always been one of my very favorite guitarists.  I figured that it  could not possibly be all bad.  I began to hear rave reviews from a number  of friends that got the disc and then I heard material on the radio and on  the music tv channels.  I was blown away!  This was some extraordinary  music.  This is the best work Carlos has done in years!  All my cynicism  melted away quickly.  This may well be the best album released in 1999.   This is one of the best albums of the decade!   I would like to recommend  specific tracks like Love of my Life with Dave Mathews or The Calling with  Eric Clapton but the reality is that this whole album smokes from start to  finish.  There is not a weak cut on it.  This is the Santana album we were  all waiting for for years and it was well worth the wait.  This ranks right  up there with his classic albums from the late sixties and early seventies.    The British used to write Clapton is God! on bathroom walls in the  sixties.  Allow me to make a correction:  Carlos Santana es Dios!  I  foresee a problem with my disc player:  I may not be able to take this disc  out of it!
B0000047CX|5.0|If you own just one Bossa Nova CD, this is it. I don't consider anyone who doesn't own this CD a real music lover, regardless of personal tastes in  music. <br />I have two copies of this CD --- one for home, one for the  office. I've been listening to it regularly for something like 10 years  now, and I know I will continue to do so for the rest of my life. If you  have never listened to it, well, I have to say you are underprivileged. So  get it.<br />(By the way, if you're going to some stunning tropical resort for  a vacation and your hotel room comes with a CD player, remember to bring  this CD along. You'll realize what the word &quot;perfect&quot; means.)
0425107469|5.0|This has to be one of the best books I have read in a long time!  It has a gripping story line that pulls you in and keeps you hooked from the first chapter.  I could not put it down.
0792835069|5.0|in this movie. She is so much more tough and honest and beautiful than Meryl Streep could ever even hope to be. And I feel I am watching the best part of myself up there on the screen. I can't understand why Nelligan is  so undervalued as an actress. She takes my breath away!
630463949X|4.0|This is a great concert marred by one annoying flaw: The sound quality of this DVD is lacking given the potential of the medium.  The concert itself is wonderful, and the band performs a compilation of their all-time greatest hits.  It's just a shame the sound quality isn't better.  The sound has a \\"compressed\\" feel to it and lacks the spaciousness and detail of well-recorded music on other DVD's I own.   Sonically, this pales in comparison to the quality of the stunning Eagles: Hell  Freezes Over in DTS.  But even other live concerts I own on DD 5.1 sound better.  This is about on the level of average CD quality.<br />This is no fault of the musicians as their individual performances are all very good.  Lindsey Buckingham, in particular, impresses with his showmanship and musical prowess on the guitar.  Fortunately, once things get going, it's not hard to forget about the sonic shortcomings and just enjoy what is a great concert by a great band.  I would still call this essential Mac.
6303421563|4.0|&quot;The Professional&quot; ranks right up there with John Woo's &quot;The Killer&quot; and &quot;Hard-Boiled&quot; in the &quot;Killer-with-a-conscience&quot; genre.  My only real complaint was the  lack of more &quot;cleaning jobs&quot;.  I mean, there were only about  three in the whole movie and we didn't get to see one of them.  If you  could combine the in-depth story/drama of this movie with some of the  action of John Woo's hits, the compilation would be the greatest action  movie ever.  Last, but not least, Luc Besson is great.  I loved this movie  and I liked his &quot;Fifth Element&quot; even more.  I hope he keeps this  up.  Overall, buy and watch this movie multiple times.
1558808000|4.0|If there's anyone out there who wonders what 1980's corporate America felt like, dressed like, and acted like, this is the movie for you! My favorite parts include: working out in the &quot;executive gym&quot;, the &quot;I  have so much work to do&quot; attitude of the executive lounge, and of  course, Fox's midnight symphony conducting. This movie pulls the lead in  TNT staples over the Beastmaster trilogy.
0790741512|5.0|This movie is absolutly one of the best movies ever made or ever could possibly be made!  It's incredible as it is spectacular!  The stunts in the movie can't be beat!  This is a must have movie!
B000002J1M|2.0|I am a Genesis fan and was dissapointed with the outcome of this CD.  The tid-bits that you can listen to are good but that was the end of it.  Like  watching a trailer for a movie and that was all the good parts.  This is  boring and sonically mundane.  There are far superior albums that these  guys did...Lamb, Trespass, Wind, Trick.
B00000JP66|5.0|This album earns my full applaus - my absolute favourite Dio-album of all times. That little man is amazing!!! Anyone who likes the sound of 70s and  80s heavy metal should buy this, and just lean back and ENJOY. These are  pearls...
079073804X|5.0|The film is, of course, a classic. This DVD presentation is really fine in quality, and has very cool extras: interviews, behind the scenes peeks, and excellent commentary by the director. Definitely will not disappoint.
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 laid a landscape of the eighties for gen-xers of how music could and should sound like. It is an artifact of pop rock before popular music  became an object of today's all too familiar ploy of record companies  creating marketing schemes to produce stars without substance. This CD was  the international phenomenon that is the pinacle of U2's recording career.
B00000K19E|5.0|Yes the movie's cool - I speak for the DVD &quot;extras,&quot; which are numerous and imaginative. As you watch the film a WHITE RABBIT will appear that you can &quot;follow&quot; to a look behind the scene you are watching  - it takes you there, shows you how they did it, then brings you back to  the film which continues on. Plenty other cool features too. My only  COMPLAINT: the audio commentary is self-congratulatory and &quot;didn't we  make a cool movie?&quot; more than informative. Overall though, the  highlight of my DVD collection.
B00000K19E|5.0|What can i say about the The Matrix, well it's the best movie of 1999. The FX are great. I saw it 3 times in the cinema and i've bought it on dvd. The dvd has great extras on it. If you haven't seen this movie, go see it now!
0446525537|5.0|I have read The Notebook and Message in a Bottle and all three of these books are heartwarming and sure to bring tears to your eyes.  Is it because we all find a little piece of ourselves in his stories?  Perhaps so.  I  read the entire book in two hours last night and cried.  I had to wake up  my husband and tell him the story.  Definitly worth your time.  I think  that it makes a wonderful date to sit and read one of Nicholas Spark's  books together, taking turns reading out loud.
0783226004|5.0|Clever. Cunning. Technically accurate. Hilarious. Gotta love the scene where they have the blind hacker drive! This is quite possibly my favorite movie ever. I only own 4 DVDs and the other three I got for free. =) Good  movie to watch with geek friends!
B000000Y59|5.0|The self-contradictory nature (&quot;don't be blind to the critics&quot; vs. &quot;Don't believe all these critics&quot;; &quot;Seems to be a  foreign student.&quot; vs. the ungrammatical &quot;There are a lot better  music.&quot;) notwithstanding, the worst thing about the review below from  &quot;A Music Fan in WA&quot; is its take on the album in general and Paul  Motian (the &quot;He ain't nothing but a sad drummer.&quot; mentioned by  the author) in particular.<br />In regards to the album in general: while it  may not be the best of Bill Evans on Riverside (&quot;Explorations&quot;  and The Village Vanguard discs may collectively hold that title) it is by  no means an album to be missed.  It represents the first release by this  famous trio (Evans, Scott LaFaro, Motian) and contains fine  music.<br />Regarding the comments about Motian (whom our critic doesn't even  identify by name), I could, and will, mention that his playing on this  album is IMHO an important part of the trio's sound.  He is a sensitive and  tasteful player who was with Evans for some of his (Evans') finest music.   However, rather than offer my opinion to support my argument, I'll simply  appeal to authority, namely Evans himself.  Evans chose to play with Motian  from this album until the end of his time with Riverside (excluding the  wonderful &quot;Shelly's Manne-Hole&quot; disc) and to state that Motian  &quot;...  ain't nothing but a sad drummer.&quot; who &quot;...destroyed  Evans' music.&quot; is to imply that Evans was not an astute enough critic  to recognize this destruction and thus maintained an ongoing relationship  with a &quot;sad&quot; drummer throughout some of the most important years  of his (Evans') career.<br />But enough said about our friend from WA.  This  disc has much to recommend it (as does any of Evans' work on Riverside):  tasteful playing, great song selection, wonderful interplay, a taste of  things to come (with the trio).
B00001QGPR|4.0|Meet the New Bowie, same as the old Bowie...sort of. Reading some of the comments on this page, it occurs to me that this is probably an album you  can only FULLY appreciate if you're forty-something and have actually HAD  the experience(s) of loss and regret (thankfully, not everything is about  youth and its excesses, proving once again that middle-agers make the best  rock'n'roll--sorry, kids). Tracks 1-7 are all excellent, more than could  have been expected; the last 3 aren't as strong but grow on you with each  listening. All in all, a very satisfying album from one of rock's vanguard  artists.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is definitely the very best Offspring CD ever.  Anybody who's only listened to 'Americana' and thinks that's pretty, will love this.  All the  songs are awesome, especially Bad Habit, Self-Esteem, Smash, and Come Out  and Play.
B000002BSV|5.0|First of all, I'm a huge Suede fan. I got hooked in '93 with their debut album and &quot;Coming Up&quot; is every bit as good. If you grew up  listening to Bowie and Mott the Hoople (as I did, in Texas no less),  &quot;Coming Up&quot; will take you straight back to 1973 while sounding  completely fresh and current--no small accomplishment. On an album where  there's not one bad song,&quot;By the Sea&quot;, &quot;Saturday  Night&quot;, and &quot;The Beuatiful Ones&quot; are true highlights, and  &quot;She&quot; should have been included in the first &quot;Austin  Powers&quot; soundtrack. It is ridiculous and shameful that American radio  (that efficient homogenizer of culture) continues to deprive potential  listeners of some truly great music by not playing Suede. I can't say  enough about this band--arguably the best of the 90's--or this album.  Acquaint yourself with both and enjoy!
0060392584|4.0|I was extremely impressed with this guy's intelligence and insight. A conversation with Marilyn would actually be stimulating and damn interesting. When probing beyond the trashy exterior, one will find a  brilliant and articulate free thinker. I was a bit disappointed with his  drug abuse and degradation of women, although the women did freely subject  themselves to humiliation. I suppose it was somewhat of a psychological  experiment to test the limit of human self worth. At any rate, I was very  impressed with his candor and expressive abilities. Perhaps it was my  ability to relate to the psychological scars inflicted by a hypocritical  and judgemental Christian upbringing which impressed me most. That and my  undying admiration for anyone with the guts to publicly scorn the  conformists and followers of this sorry society.
B0000024SN|5.0|The only complaint I have of this album is the studio overdubbing.  For example, the song 'Sounds of Silence', it sounds like crap, get rid of the  drums and let us hear S&amp;G.  I have Wednesday Morning 3am and that has a  'non-edited' Sounds of Silence, and it is truly magnificent.  The drums on,  &quot;I am a rock&quot;  could also be cut.  But, of course, S&amp;G make  up for this &quot;musical rape&quot;(done by the studio, without either's  consent) by coming out with a song like &quot;Anji&quot;, &quot;A most  Peculiar man&quot;, and &quot;We've got a groovy thing goin'.&quot;  <br />For  those that can't tell this album was predominantly made for the charts, you  will love it, for others you will love it as well.  But before you get  'SOS' get PSRT, BOTW, Bookends, or Wednesday Morning 3AM, those albums show  the true essence of S&amp;G.  This album is definanly essential for any  musical collection.
B00000J2KV|1.0|The more Kubrick I see, the more apparent it becomes that he was a very conventional film-maker.  Now, I love Doctor Strangelove, love it dearly.  But sadly, it's the most intelligent and original film he ever managed to  make.  After that nearly perfect auteur-debut, he came out with this  shamefull mutation of Nabokov's famous bestseller (Warning to lovers of VN:   This movie will make you want to die.), and he spent the rest of his  carreer tiptoeing the line between the greatness he achieved in Strangelove  and the Spielbergian depths of this abomination.  <br />Kubrick does a decent  job of adapting the portions of the book that he chose to use.   Unfortunately, much too little of this movie comes directly from the book,  and those long segments that he apparently made up himself ruin the film  beyond repair.<br />So, this movie is terrible.  Don't be fooled by the  Nabokov credit for the screenplay.  He wrote a script, but Kubrick ignored  it.<br />See the Adrian Lyne version, if you must see a film version of  Lolita.  It's got its problems too, but it's much more loyal to the text,  and Irons plays a diverting Humbert.
B000006OBQ|5.0|Unofrtunately, you can still pick out the sloppy editing and splicing job that the people at Reprise did back in the 60s with the original 2 LP set,  but this disc sounds much better than the original compact disc  release.<br />My advice? Buy it, and for 70 minutes you'll have a chance to  escape the awful stuff they call music today and go back to a time when  popular music had integrity.
B00000IO4J|3.0|Although the plot has some failures, the movie is rather enjoyable. In fact, it reminds us of high school and we start to wonder where most of our teacher came from. Moreover, all the different kinds of students shown in  the movie, from the nerd to the intelectual one, bring a great sense of  reality. I would recommend the film for those who enjoy horror movies; the  other should stay away.
6302561841|5.0|Whenever I hear the song &quot;Smile&quot; from Modern Times, I can not help but tear up. I was glued to the movie and Chaplin's &quot;Tramp&quot; was always getting into trouble. I was in awe when I got to hear The Tramp  perform a gibberish version of &quot;Tatiana&quot; and the ending is an  ultimate tearjerker, The Tramp walking with The Gamin(talented Paulette  Goddard) into the sunset now knowing what is ahead of them yet they still  have each other.
0790729644|5.0|&quot;Unforgiven&quot; is, simply, a masterpiece.  Eastwood's contribution to filmmaking is cemented by this movie, which doesn't miss a beat.  Richard Harris and Gene Hackman are unforgettable as English Bob and Little  Bill, respectively.  Enough hype, though; what brings me back to this movie  time and again is that it works on three distinct levels.  It is a morality  play about alcohol and its impact on one man; it is a very entertaining  Western; and above all, it is the story of the avenging angel, visiting  down the Wrath of God on the wretched inhabitatants of Big Whiskey.  If you  haven't seen this yet, throw away the preconceptions and get ready to get  blown away.
0195067142|5.0|Everyone who has ever read any of Tom Clancy's glorification-of-war novels should read this terrible, superb book, as an antidote.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is the 1st in a new breed of computer assisted movies. The special effects are unlike any ever seen to date on film. The extra &quot;Making of the film&quot; commentary from HBO provides the background which details  the committment of the cast and crew in getting ready for this  film.<br />Absolutely stunning cinematography!
B00000K19E|5.0|The picture- and soundquality is awesome and the features are great ... the only thing I did not understand was the fact that &quot;the Matrix&quot; created this virtual world but the &quot;agents&quot; did not  know where to find Neo or the other persons when they were in this  &quot;cyberworld&quot;...
0380002930|5.0|I discovered this story when I was about 13 years old.  It was aired on HBO at that time and I remember being enthralled with the animation and  fell in love with the characters.  But at that time I did not really  understand the complexities of the struggle that the story revolves around.   When I was 16 years old I read the book for a high school english class,  that was when I fully grasped the story.  It is with out a doubt one of my  very favorite novels.  The characters are developed so well that you forget  you are talking about rabbits.  You feel like transported into another  world completely.  I would consider this required reading for all high  school age children.
B00000BKDW|5.0|I have nothing more to say but I would give this album 10 stars if it was possible.<br />Long live Edward.
B0000203Y5|5.0|Jazz lovers, and especially those who love Latin style jazz should not miss this experience.  Not only is the music wonderful; the simplicity, the way in which these interesting and talented people were brought together,  and the insight into contemporary Cuba, are outstanding.  What a treat!
B000005QH3|4.0|A very few of the &quot;car chase&quot; films of the '60s and '70s have lasted but &quot;Vanishing Point&quot; is always near the top with others like &quot;Bullitt&quot;, &quot;Gone in 60 Seconds&quot;, and &quot;Gumball  Rally&quot;. Believable in the early 70's and with almost no hi-cam  effects, I remember thinking this was the first film that really showed  cars at speed. Just hope the DVD has the &quot;missing eight minutes&quot;  with the Charlotte Rampling scene.
0783216084|5.0|What can I say? Could this be Steven Spielberg's greatest masterpiece? I think so. It's a classic! A true horror story that unearths your deepest fears. Carl Gottleib and original novelist Peter Benchley certainy did a  most congratulatory job on the screenplay, and John Williams' music  score-well- that's just a classic into itself. Who else but Roy Scheider  could have done a more memerable role as Amity's Police Chief Martin Brody?  He fat into the part perfectly, playing it with such wit and humour,  especially in the scene of the &quot;tiger shark stomach contents (two  fish, a tin can and a licence plate)&quot;. The young ichthyologist Matt  Hooper, played by the renowned Richard Dreyfuss, developed a real  friendship with Brody which was one of the film's real strongholds. Robert  Shaw, as the colourful shark fisherman Quint,provided us with more dry  humour and played his role knowing he had the upmost respect from the  audience. Together, these three men couldn't of made a better team.     Straight from the very first attack-poor old Chrissie Watkins-right through  Alex Kintner, Ben Gardener and finally (and unfortunately) Quint himself,  the thrills never stop. Just when you think the 25-footer Great White has  finally left the dying Amity, up he pops to devourer another hapless  swimmer. The audience is left screaming in their seats. When Ben Gardener's  body falls from his wrecked boat in front of Hooper, when Brody catches his  first glimpse of the menacing beast, when the shark attacks Hooper  underwater in the shark cage, when the pier drops out beneath the two fools  with the holiday roast-all of these moments will haunt you forever. Pick up  Jaws just before midnight, stick it in the VCR, and by morning you'll never  want to go in the water again.    The supporting cast are excellently  portrayed, from Brody's wife Ellen, played by Lorraine Gary, right through  to Deputy Hendricks, Harry Meadows of the Amity Gazette, played by  screenplayer Carl Gottleib, Polly, Brody's grosteque secretary and of  course, the shifty medical inspector.    And who could forget that idiot  Mayor Vaughn, who jeopordises the tourist's lives by leaving the beaches  open to save the island's economy. It's a wonder that the islanders kept  Vaughn on as the mayor.    The finale aboard Quint's forty-foot cruiser  &quot;Orca&quot;, is probably the most exciting part of the film. The  barrel chase, the Indianapollis story, the cage attack, and the boat's  destruction are portrayed toghether marvellously to produce one of the most  outstanding films of all time. To Steven Spielberg, Roy Scheider and the  rest of the cast and crew, congratulations on making the most remarkable  thriller ever. To anyone thinking of seeing Jaws, trust me, it's worth it,  but I warn you; be prepared to scream!!!
B0000025RI|5.0|I think Thriller is one of his best albums (along with Bad). It includes my all time favorite song, Billie Jean, and the fun to dance to song, Wanna  Be Startin' Somethin'.
B00000JMQC|5.0|When this movie first came out, I was about 6 or so, and I became so completely enchanted with it.  Someone in another reveiw said it &quot;haunted&quot; them.  That's a good way to describe it.  It haunted me  also.  A movie that I could never forget. <br />It was almost impossible to  find it at the movie rental stores, but I was lucky enough to find a store  that carried the movie, so I was able to see it again.  But now I am  thrilled to be able to own it.  It's such a treasure.  It's nothing at all  like the original.  But it's very unique with a darker quality to it that  makes it feel so &quot;haunting.&quot;   <br />If you are a fan of Oz, and  have an open mind, I think you would like this movie.  I also recommend you  to read the Oz books by L Frank Baum.  You are in for a real treat.
B000002H33|5.0|I bought it a long time ago , each time i hear it i remeber a lot of good fellows, parties, girls, teenager stuff, unforgetable old times, about the  lyrics and performace just can say THIS ALBUM IS A MASTER PIECE, SUPERB! .  METALLICA ES SIMPLEMENTE LO MAXIMO!
B00000K19E|5.0|Although some may think that this kind of plot typifies sci-fi novel, this movie manages to get a right combination of action, special effects and great sense of excitement.  This is a definite keeper for those who love  sci-fi flicks.
B000002C4J|5.0|She should put more popular songs that kids like on it.
B000002A73|5.0|Let me tell ya somethin,  Roger was the talent that produced all of those Floyd albums that we all love and his solo stuff is twice as good as  Floyd's stuff without him.  Momentary Lapse Of Reason sounds like the band  Simply Red and is weak as hell when compared to Roger's solo efforts.   wtg  ol' Rog at least you haven't turned into a pathetic,   shadow of yourself  who is trying like hell to swim in the same ol' fish bowl year after year.
0312955006|5.0|This is Detective Harry Boschs best adventure to date.  Michael Connelly does a great job.  I'm ordering The Last Coyote right now.
0195067142|5.0|Not much can be added to the previous reviews of this excellent book. I have read many fine books covering the Pacific campaign during WW2 and so  many referred to this book that I had to find a copy for myself. It was  well worth the time and effort. I have since bought a copy for a friend  here in Australia and he also ranks it in his top 10 military history  books. The author offers an insight into what its like to be in combat  rarely found in most books nowadays. This is an honest, at times sad and  occassionaly funny, look at the life of a combat Marine during the final  battles in the Pacific. This book cannot be recommended highly enough!
0800116917|5.0|I love watching Lawrence over and over again, whenever I have an empty afternoon, or a quiet night alone. But the facts as presented in the film are not entirely right. Just keep this in mind when watching it.
6302814359|3.0|This film is good, but I must say that I enjoyed the original alot better. This film still delivers in the gore and shocks department, though if you want to rent this, se the original first.
0800135954|1.0|Just amazes me how people can see the same movie and have totally opposite opinions.  I thought this was a typical Hollywood manipulative melodrama with stilted acting and a plot that made me laugh several times from its  absurdity.  Brad Pitt reminded me of those &quot;good looking&quot; dudes  in high school who got the babes but now they're pumping gas.  If you  thought this movie was great, more power to you but it's sad to think that  this movie is at the pinnicle for a lot of people.  That means you're  missing some great movies and books out there...  COuldn't pan this movie  enough. One star is too many!
B000002J1S|5.0|I own thousands of records. If I had to take only one with me to my grave -- the one that I listened to more than any other and still find  surprisingly fresh (&quot;In the glare of the light I see a strange kind of  sight...&quot;) it would definitely be this album. No question about it.
6304401132|4.0|The entire movie is worth watching just to see the choreographing in the fight scene at the end. It is the most spectacular animation with music I've ever seen. I had a copy of it for years and actually wore out the  tape. I bought another and still enjoy that scene.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I listen to all types of music from ska and punk to rap. This cd is by far one of my most favorites. The lyrics make you think and are very inspiring.  Higher, What If, Arms Wide Open, and Are You Ready? are awesome. Buy this  cd
0788812408|5.0|The music in this video is Fabulous! Animation is great and a story line that is appealing to adults and children. The story picks up immediately in the movie and captures you until the end. This one is a keeper!! Enjoy :)
B00000AFWW|3.0|Ok. I enjoyed the songs Celebrity Skin, Dying, Malibu, and Awful, but the rest were just a musical mess. Some of the songs had absolutely no  structure. What happened Courtney?
6302518423|1.0|This is a review of the Peter Greenaway film \\"Prospero's Books\\".    When Tchaikovsky composes a  memorable piece with alternately agitated and romantic music,then caps it off with a dirge,and calls it \\"Romeo and Juliet Fantasy Overture\\", I can accept it as a beautiful and  completely successful work inspired by Shakespeare's play. The same goes  for Berlioz's \\"Romeo et Juliette\\",a \\"dramatic symphony\\"  in which significant moments of the play are represented by orchestral  music ,topped off by an entirely sung final scene which deliberately  resembles an opera ,and the same also goes for Verdi's  \\"Otello\\",in which the first two scenes of Shakespeare's play are  completely dropped in order to have a more dramatically effective opening  scene. But when a pretentious hack like Peter Greenaway concocts something  like this and presents it as a version of \\"The Tempest\\", I call  it arrogant presumption. Yes,the photography and set design are  impressive,and the images are unusual,but so what? Sir John Gielgud recites  nearly all the roles,and the other actors are mere window dressing. But  unless the viewer has literally memorized the play,it is virtually  impossible to figure out who is speaking or what is supposed to be  happening. Gielgud is assuredly a great actor,but even he is totally lost  here. It would be quite a different thing if he had been allowed to  differentiate his characterizations and literally \\"be\\" the  different characters. But he isn't even asked to do that-- he merely  recites Shakespeare's verse. The fact that Greenaway actually expects us to  take this as a valid interpretation of a Shakespeare play demonstrates  nothing but pure conceit. I could endure only about thirty minutes or so of  this trash before I switched to another channel (no,I didn't rent or buy  this-I wouldn't waste money on it.)
B00000K0E5|5.0|In response to the previous reviewer, yes, 12 TV ads, and 2 theatrical trailers are included.  It also includes a &quot;World of James Bond&quot; special hosted by Elizabeth Hurley (which I recall aired on FOX the week  this film was released), 2 or 3 behind the scenes documentaries, director's  commentary, and the Tina Turner music video.  Definitely a keeper for any  James Bond fan. &quot;Goldeneye&quot; is probably my favorite Bond film of  all time.
0553275569|1.0|THE AUTHOR FELL TO VERIFY THAT GUS GRISSOM WAS RIGHT. THE NASA'S REPORT SAID THAT THE HATCH DETONATOR SOMETIME CAN BLOW OF BY ITSEFT. THAT'S WHY  THEY ROMOVE THIS DEVICE FROM THE APOLLO 1's MODULE. THAT'S ONE OF THE  REASONS WHY 3 LIFE WERE LOST IN THE FIRE. TOM WOLFE HAS LOST HIS  CREDIBILITY BY CRITICIZING GRISSOM WITH HIS FABRICATED STORIES. THE OTHER  STORIES MAY BE FUN, BUT HOW COULD WE TRUST HIM ?
B00000K19E|5.0|And I thought that the big science fiction hit this year would be &quot;Star Wars&quot; - Guess again! When this movie came out, I expected a vaguely interesting 2 hours that would tide me over til Episode 1 came out.  What I got was probably the single best science fiction movie I have seen  in quite a few years - this decade anyway. Definitely a must rent-buy-see  movie!
B000003S0D|2.0|From the late sixties to the mid-seventies, King Crimson made four brilliant studio albums (Court of the Crimson King, Lark's Tongue in Aspic,  Starless and Bible Black, and Red) and one solid live album (USA).  The  other three albums of that era (Posiedon, Lizard, Islands) had the  occasional bright moment but were generally failed efforts.  Ladies of the  Road (Islands) is a brilliant song but it is the lone positive attribute of  the disc. Cat Food is also a terrific number but the rest of ...Posiedon is  uninspired.  This recording, Lizard, is frankly, bloody awful.  There is  the odd moment when Fripp plays some creative guitar and mellotron lines,  and the occassional interesting jazzy interlude, but otherwise it's damn  near musical torture. Their is one piece, however, that is worth the  listen.  John Anderson, of Yes, assumes vocals on the title cut and  transcends the ineptitude of the band and, with Fripp in partnership,  creates a truly beautiful work.  Too bad they couldn't sustain it for an  entire disc.  The other vocalist, Gordon Haskell, is an uninspiring  amateur.  Give this one a pass, give their classic recordings a listen  instead...Simon
B000002V07|5.0|A truly wonderful dark moody CD. Great to listen to on those dark days.
6304708521|5.0|MMT will take you away on a wonderful phsycadelic bus ride into the English countryside!!!!  This film is a classic,and a must have for any Beatles fan. Don't listen to the people who say it doesn't make any  sense,this is a great movie. Surely the best highlight,is when John sings I  am the Walrus. You,and your family will enjoy this film. So watch it!!!!
6303979882|4.0|Hi.  We loved it.  It was very cool
B000002UWF|5.0|Brian Setzer has nothin on Louis Prima. This group can swing! Sam Butera's sax style and tone is refreshing, big sound and he can sing. Really makes  you want to have been around to see them play live, this must have been a  great show in Vegas.
B000000HZT|1.0|This disc can still be found, with a fair bit of effort, in the neglected bin of an obscure cd/record store.   Don't bother making the effort though.   Banks was always at his best as a collaborator, a member of the collective  group.  As a solo artist, he struggles too much to identify a clear musical  identity. The fact that he hired such a lifeless, untalented vocalist,  doesn't help matters.  To find Banks at his most creative listen to any of  Genesis' efforts prior to Steve Hackett leaving the band. Selling England  by the Pound through Wind and Wuthering are in particular, oustanding  recordings.  A Curious Feeling is not among his better efforts.  Give this  one a pass...Simon
B00000K31V|1.0|Not what I expected from one of the greatest directors I've ever known. Aeon is the child at play with colored balls. Where are your colored balls now Mr. Cronenberg?
6305537798|1.0|Come on people, if you're intelligent, you WON'T waste your time on this peice of cinematic garbage.  If these litte teeny boppers want to see movies about lifes huge problems (getting a date to the prom), that's their  problem.  It is absolutely DISGUSTING that they have the audacity to call  this a modern day &quot;Taming of the Shrew.&quot;  PLEASE don't equate  this poor excuse for a movie with Shakespeare.  He must be turning over in  his grave!  No, it's not &quot;like, Shakespeare, man!&quot;  It's totally  disgusting, abhorrent garbage.  Don't waste your time or money.
B000031WD9|4.0|This is definetley one of the funniest, craziest and most enjoyable films I have ever seen. I watched in in the cinema with my friends and it was so good! One of the best movie nights ever....
B0000025D0|5.0|This is one of the best albums ever.  Everything sounds as great today as it did 20 years ago.  Take good notes Backstreet Boys! Bruce Rules!
6305171769|5.0|H20 is as good (if not better IMHO) than the original.  Laurie is no longer the scared teen we grew to love, she's got the gut's to put an end to a 20-year-old terror.<br />IMHO, the only &quot;flaw&quot; in the movie was  that Michael's mask should have been the one used in H6.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This guy is a Chaplin of our times. The more I see this movie, the more I enjoy it
630476524X|1.0|The first is my favorite film of all time. And this must be the worst film of all time. First off I watched it twice. Compared to the original in story feel and emotion it is pathetic. Trying to see it as an individual  film it was pathetic. In the first I was compelled and horrified by the  emotion and situation. DURING THIS ONE I WAS ACTUALLY NODDING OFF!! There  is hardly any character development, if you notice the the main character  Alex managed to strike all famous poses of Eric's right down to mirroring  the firey crow with a crow shape aparently made of glass?(WHEN DID HE  GATHER ALL THAT GLASS never mind) This film was put together for high box  office.(RIGHTFULLY BOMBED). Vincent is an excellent actor but should have  acted instinctively on his character rather than listen to the director  sayng see the first film, then mirror it.
0060926317|5.0|This shows us what we've done to ourselves, and teaches us amazing truths and morals of life.
0062502174|5.0|It says right on the cover. A FABLE. It disgusts me how some of you sit there and say it was a fable with no deep meaning. &quot;after all the  hyper I heard on it i read through it in 2 days and there is nothing deep  here&quot;. If you can just sit every now and then, with an open mind. Not  expecting a deep insight on your lifes meaning, you will enjoy it, i loved  this book. If you even knew anything about spiritual awakenings you  wouldn't be trying to find it in a book. All you pish posh im to deep and  profound for this book, im a true alchemist, get off the computer? what are  you doing writing a review for a book you dont even like? .... you can  reach me at deepsinger@aol.com if you would like to discuss it.
B0000025IE|5.0|This album is extremely good and just about as metal as music can get. Who could possibly criticise an album with classic songs such as 'Grinder',  'Breakin the law', 'Living after midnight' and 'Rapid fire'<br />Judas Preist  ruled then and they still rule now.<br />This album may be old and the  recording methods may not do as much justice to the songs as the methods  used today but this is still an extremely fine example of TRUE BRITTISH  HEAVY METAL!<br />Thus album deserves a place in your collection, order it  today!
6304765231|5.0|I was about 10 when this movie was released. I do not know for certain but this film somehow matured me. It is the most powerful acting I have ever seen. Normally in a movie such as this I would be annoyed by the love story  aspect of it, but in this film it was so deeply moving. the emotional  intensity that Brandon reached was gut wrenching. The pain he felt for the  loss of his love was incredible and rare. NAME A SINGLE ACTION MOVIE THAT  WILL MAKE A 10YR OLD CRY! The other performances were excellent as well,  Ernie Hudson noted especially. There are two shames about this movie, the  fact that Brandon Lee was cut down so early in life. I know if he had lived  he would have enjoyed superstardom and gone to make even better films. The  other is that they made a cheap sequal to make money on what should have  been the only film. The sequal was like a bad episode in a series. Either  they make part three right, OR DON'T MAKE IT AT ALL!
6303540082|5.0|This documentary came out when Madonna was at her peak, fame wise.  Everyone was interested in her, whether they liked her or not.  She was the heavyweight of celebrities.  She's still up there. But its alittle  different from 1990.  For example, its like saying The Beatles were more  popular in the 1970s than 1965 (think about it).<br />Anyway, this is a great  documentary - very well made.  Its not dated yet at all.  The music is  fabulous.  The black and white footage alternating with the in-color  concert footage was innovative. It packed a bigger wallop in the movie  theatre, but it doesn't lose too much on the small screen. I watch it again  now and then.  Why?  Because I still enjoy it!  WAY!
6301008960|5.0|This movie is the best teen movie of the 80's. I would love it if the studio would re-release it. This movie shows that being popular isn't all it cracked up to be. Patrick Dempsey is adorable and I love the  &quot;African Anteater Ritual.&quot;
B00000BKDW|5.0|This album is amazing, almost as good as 'Number of the beast'. It has lots of great songs like 'Powerslave', 'Aces High', 'Back in the village'  and the epic 'Rhyme of the ancient mariner' If you liked 'Number of the  beast' you'll like this too. THIS IS A TRULY GREAT ALBUM!
0060925000|5.0|i have a list, in my head, of five books i re-read every year and, every year, i think over the new books i've read and wonder whether to add them  to said list (which would necessitate removing one already there). a  suitable boy has been on that list since i first read it in ?1994. that  fact can really only matter to someone who knows me and cares about my  opinion, but cussedly, i force it on you anyway. as for the ending, i  wonder, tritely, i'm sure, whether that'a cultural thing; that lata married  haresh was precisely the point, i thought, and eminently the proper, though  unexpected, even for me, ending.
B000002WYT|4.0|my friend from the States introduced me to his music. I can honestly say I really enjoy it, it's fantastic for relaxing and as an Australian, I was  glad to see I could purchase his music here.I will certainly be buying more  music from this band in the future.
B000001F2X|5.0|This is a great album, my favourite.  Let's Go to Tahiti, Friday,Thirteen Days, Don't Cry Sister, Sensitive Kind.  This was made for CD, 15 years to  early.  Okay I like JJ,but this to me is the peak.  And Eric Clapton hasn't  covered a single track of this!
B00000BKDX|5.0|This album is awesome!<br />If you are thinking of buying your first Iron Maiden album then this is the one to get. Were the songs not live, this  would be 'The best of Iron maiden' at the time at which it was recorded.  The fact that it is live just makes it even better because iron maiden play  with such energy live. The live versions of the songs are almost Perfect  and sound awesome.<br />All the songs are superb. Bruce and the boys cover not  only some of the highlights of the early 'Bruce dickinson era' such as  'Powerslave' and 'Number of the beast' but also play amazing versions of  some songs maiden recorded with Paul Dianno before bruce joined like  'Running free', 'Wrathchild' and of course'Iron Maiden' the title track of  their self titled album. I would reccommend this album to anyone who likes  heavy metal and even to people who don't. If you like maiden you WILL like  this album I guarentee!<br />Up the Irons!
0679759328|5.0|i will confess that for no reason apparent to me, i am hurt some people didn't like it much. perhaps i think it says something about my taste in  books. in any case, i've read reviews of penelope fitzgerald's blue flower  and thought the same thing then that i think when i read the reviews  here--both are luminescent books and there is something ephemeral about  they way they resonate for the people who love them that is muted and  subterranean, but persistent and i can well understand that perhaps such  subtlety-bordering-on-invisiblilty isn't for everyone. i often think of it  as a peculiarly rational femininity. i have wondered for some time whether  the two sets of reviewers are congruent; those that dislike this book  disliked the blue flower as well and vice versa.
B00000K2SC|2.0|Don't buy this video yet!  I saw Matrix several times in the theater and loved it but...IT IS NOT THE SAME ON VHS!!  Even with a good TV and Dolby surround, much of the power and intensity of the movie is lost on the small  (not letterboxed) screen.  Check this out at your local $1 theater or buy  the DVD.
6305594252|5.0|A must own for any sci-fi fan with a DVD. Great story concept; excellent special effects; great natural decors.  It's just too bad there never was a sequel, although the TV series is very good.
B000000IUX|4.0|This recording is part of the ongoing development of one of the world's most talented and under-appreciated artists. Trends come and go, but Mr.  Young continues to explore basically what he wants to - what interests him.  This may not be one of his most crucial works, but it's far from trivial  and never hard to take: there are several tunes here that are among his  best.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Definitely one of the best sci-fi thrillers of the millenium.  The spine tingling plot of The Matrix revolves around what could be a not so far (if not present) reality for mankind.  Filled with awesome  action and  uncompared martial arts scenes, it is without a doubt one of the most  &quot;down to earth&quot; and well elaborated films of this century.
0140189378|4.0|A novella set in the long gone 30's Upper Westside of Manhattan features a mid-forties nebish who has 'lost' it all yet still maintains the delusion  that his life can magically turn around if the fates, his ex-wife, his  father, the stock market come through for him. A day in the life of a  lonely and weak man is not the greatest company, yet offers its humiliation  and pathos with no frills, and may remind you of yourself at your worst.
B000002WYT|5.0|A great album.Rock and Dave will keep us amused for years to come.
B00000K31Q|4.0|10 Things I Hate About You is probably the best teen flick since Clueless, and definitely the best of the pay-you-fifty-bucks-to-get-that-girl(or guy) movies.  It's cute, charming, and (omigod!) funny! Not to mention pretty  romantic.
B000002LFZ|5.0|Has most of the fleetwood mac's greatest songs.A collectors item.
0380973464|4.0|Neal Stephenson's epic-like novel, centered on the history of cryptography, is ingeniously woven, threading together scenes from past and present.  Even though it doesn't have the great pay-off at the end that I was expecting, the journey itself, as the clich&eacute; goes, was worth it for its own sake.  I was often amazed at the breadth of knowledge displayed by Stephenson, but then again I sometimes felt that the story would have been a lot tighter without so many of the extraneous asides (like several pages on eating Cap'n Crunch).  I was at first puzzled, and then amused by his apparently deliberate and jarring use of anachronisms in the World War II sections, i.e., the use of figures that reference things like interstellar travel.  The most egregious fault of the book is the extremely poor drawing of the female characters, not that there are many; they come off as essentially male fantasies of what women are like (sexy), what they like (Marines and computer nerds), and what they do (have sex, spy, and scuba dive).  I, too, was annoyed with the typos that appear with ever greater frequency in the latter half of the book--perhaps all together these form some sort of code?  What makes the 900+page novel so worthwhile are the richly complex and highly imaginative story with its small bows to real history, and the well measured doses of fun and fairly accessible cryptography-oriented math.
B00001U03Q|5.0|As a life-long fan of Eric's, I can but wholeheartedly recommend this album as an ideal way in to his work. I myself was introduced to Eric's  work by songs like 'It's in the Way that you use it' and that was the start  of a long and fruitful journey into all aspects of his work. To me, the  real treasure in this new collection is the new track, (I) Get Lost....so  few of  Eric's contemporaries  would be so open-minded, and adventurous. It  was brave on Eric's part  to attempt to meld his unique style with  contemporary dance rhythms. Of course it invites criticism...I personally  think it's sensitive and moving.  The sound of EC's voice and guitar are  unmistakable, even as he presents his art in new contexts. It saddens me  that so many people cannot accept the fact that Eric has moved on since his  Cream days. When asked in an interview not long ago why he no longer played  in that style, he replied &quot;because I've done that&quot;....he has  indeed, and so much more!
B000031WD8|5.0|This comedy about teenage boys is extemley funny and entertaining. A must see.
B000001Y5X|5.0|I'm not a huge Marilyn Manson fan, but I like this album(Antichrist Superstar has always been my favorite). The best songs here are Cake and  Sodomy, Lunchbox, and Epilogue (a track listed only on tunes.com and the  last song on the CD). Lunchbox is the funniest song on the CD. Trust me,  after hearing Lunchbox, you'll be singing it for days, just like the  PokeRap.
B000000H64|5.0|The title track and opening song 'Demanufacture' has to be THE angriest opening Ive ever heard on ANY album. That song grabs you and the rest of  the songs just don't let go! Although &quot;Dog Day Sunrise&quot; is a  letdown and a type of calm in the storm... I'm glad it's only a cover cuz  in my opinion that song sucks!!!! If you like pure angst filled  vocals/lyrics mixed with eerie vocals, buy this CD right now!!! The best of  it's kind! It's hard to classifiy this album... it's like a mix of  industrial/goth(Pisschrist)/thrash(Zero Signal) and just about any other  type of metal out there!!!!!!!!!! Obsolete, on the other hand, is more  versatile in their types of songs, but that's a whole other story
B00000016P|5.0|The sound is superb you could hear robbies guitar feedback clearly live and raw also morrisons vocals,the band just jams.Even though originally the  band recorded this album without morrison singing with the group live he  was a no show he recorded the next day without the band jamming,dubbinghis  vocals to the groups recording,and everybody was happy,this is just a  claasic rock album for youre collection.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|This expanded, remastered edition purports to have the songs in their correct order, as they were played during those two U.S. concerts in 1978.  Well, that does nothing to help the album, and the placement of the bonus  tracks at the very start doesn't improve anything either. They shoulda been  put at the end. Nevertheless, Strangers In The Night is truly a melodic,  hard rock classic -- performed with passion and talent, and beautifully  produced and mixed. Can't ask much more than that.
0767819446|4.0|I enjoyed this movie quite a bit. It reminds me of a Kubrik-style theme: dehumanization by technology. What the script lacks is made up for by the direction. The director's style fit the noir-theme of the film perfectly,  but left a little to be desired on the other parts. It might have been a  bigger success if not for The Phantom Menace. In fact I think they were  released the same week, because I remember thinking they were crazy.
B00001QGPR|3.0|Hours...... &quot;Hmmm...&quot; perhaps that would have been a better title for Bowies' new album. After the initial listen, hmmm... is what springs to mind.  You are left with the feeling that, this is really good, could be really  good, but some where you missed it, it got lost. It eluded you. <br />It  starts off positively, the initial track being an intriguing number which,  sneaks up and subtly hooks you. The next few tracks lose that initial  gentle, captivation. The album promises that Bowie predisposition for  slipping inside your head but does not quite deliver. It intimates at being  really good but when it has finished you are left hanging, waiting for that  moment when the songs engulf you. It presents the opportunity for some  really fine moments but the man and his machine just don't take them  up.<br />&quot;What's Really Happening&quot; and &quot;All The Pretty Things  Are Going To Hell&quot; are faintly reminiscent of Diamond Dogs, Lodger,  Scary Monsters and Outside, they would not have been out of place on any of  those albums. I am sure Placebo or NIN or such like could do a really  grander, darker, heavy version of these songs, as it is they fail to  deliver.<br />&quot;New Angels Of Promise&quot; seems to be a revisit to  Lodger. Where is Mr. Eno when you need him most?<br />The whole album can be  frustrating in that it picks you up but then does not take you anywhere.  <br />This is the pattern to the album. It excites, it hints at, but then does  not actually provide the goods. It ambles along, serenely, with a passing  nod to Bowie's history, here and there. <br />One of the biggest problems I  have with this album is the influence of Mr. Gabrels. If you listen to his  album, &quot;The Sacred Squall Of Now&quot; it/he has been hugely  influential on &quot;Hours....&quot; Which is not unreasonable as he co-wrote  all the songs with Bowie. But refined guitarist that he is, his tone and  style, do not match Bowie's. Bowie is the master songwriter; songs, which  have an inherent darkness in them. That darkness is not matched by Gabrels  high pitched wailing in the background. It needs to be several octaves  lower and infinitely less twiddly and a whole lot less intrusive into the  songs. Yet just when you think, there is going to be some stonking guitar  twanging, none appears.<br />This whole album is a presentation of ideas,  which do not seem to get fulfilled. The heavy songs are not heavy enough,  the acoustic songs are not acoustic enough, and the dark vocals are not  dark enough. You are left feeling slightly flat and slightly disappointed.  All the songs are fine songs in deed but they need enhancing. I am sure  Bowie will return to these and rework them. I am sure that others will.  Maybe that is what Bowie wanted to achieve. <br />This could have been one of  his great albums; it's in here somewhere.
0812548094|3.0|Perhaps I shall be the first to take the middle ground in the raging debate, occuring here at amazon.com, over the Sword of Truth series. It  truly seems to be a &quot;love it or hate it&quot; kind of situation, with  very little middle ground. About thirty minutes ago I finished reading  &quot;Stone of Tears.&quot; I enjoyed the book. I do not, however, think  that Terry Goodkind is very skilled in his use of the english language. His  prose is flat, raw and terribly blunt. He often explains the plot as though  here were speaking to a three-year-old child. Most annoyingly, the man has  no sense of subtlety. Every part of the story is in-your-face; even the  &quot;morals&quot; and his view of the &quot;good vs. evil&quot; dichotomy  are hurtled at the reader like a bundle of bricks. You don't need to stop  and think--he processes any possible &quot;deeper&quot; thoughts right  there on the page before you (and there aren't very many). Yet, I still  feel that Goodkind's work is exciting in that his story is highly  involving--he may lack the writing skills of Herbert and the likes, but he  does manage to weave an intense, engaging story. I like the characters,  simple or not. I like finding out how they win in the end. It's like  watching Robocop--you get swept away for awhile on a simple, thrilling  ride. My advice is, just make sure to take a break from this series to read  some fantasy that may stimulate your head a little more (like Donaldson).
B000002IST|5.0|The album hits home to me because so many of the songs portray incidents in my own life.   It portrays life to me. Real life.
B000002NFM|2.0|Compared to the Prodigy's first 2 albums, especially &quot;Music for the Gilted Genration,&quot; this album is mediocre. Tracks 5 and 10 are not  good at all. The rest is alright but it is not something you will want to  listen to again and again. Even tracks like Firestarter and Smack... are  nothing compared to songs like Voodoo people, Hyperspeed, Poison, etc. from  their previous albums. on the plus side, even this mediocre album does show  that they have a lot of potential, so I am eagerly awaiting their next CD.   Instead of buying this Cd, get Risotto by Fluke or Journey to the Infinite  by Juno Reactor. Those albums represent what all techno should be like.
014028009X|1.0|Call me a &quot;Smug-Married&quot; but I think this book stinks!  Do 30-something Singletons really behave in this manner?  The concept of  counting calories, cigarettes (or should I say &quot;fags&quot;), and  alcohol units was novel for the first 30 or so pages...but by the month of  May, it was getting old!  This type of behavior made popular by Ally McBeal  is stale.  God forbid if Bridget Jones had any real problems in her life!!!
B0000203Y5|5.0|I watched the movie on the plane, I cried like never before. The best of best latin musicians were literally found on the streets, gathered together by Mr. Cooper and his son-in-law  in amasing ansamble of voices and  players. This movie is a treasury because those voices and techniquis would  have been lost. I am anxious to buy a tape and will look forward to a  soundtrack.
0884271536|2.0|I've been familiar with CPM for twenty years, but haven't heard of many of the terms used (e.g. feeding buffers, chains, etc.). It's too philisophical  for me. Today, in this labor market the skilled worker is highly paid and  in short supply and they know it. The only effective management tool that I  find now is to stay close to the work and 'pull' the parties along. It  makes more work for me, but it's the only way to half-way maintain a  schedule and keep a handle on quality. I believe this book would interest  those loftier managers who are far removed from the trenches.
B000001Y42|1.0|I am sorry, but after listening to Limp Bizkit. I am limp too...
6305627401|4.0|INAGINE ONE OF THE BEST SOUTH PARK EPISODES STRETCHED TO AN HOUR AND A HALF.  THE SHOW MAY BE LACKING A LITTLE LATELY BUT THIS MOVIE DEFINITELY PICKS UP WHERE THE BEST EPISODES WERE GOING.  THE FIRST HALF HOUR RATES  WITH THE BEST COMEDIES I HAVE EVER SEEN.  I LAUGHED SO HARD FOR SO LONG  THAT MY FACE STARTED TO GET SORE.  I WOULD HAVE GIVEN IT FIVE STARS BUT THE  PLOT INVOLVING SATAN AND SADAM HUSSEIN IN A RELATIONSHIP DRAGS A LITTLE  BIT.  THE MUSIC ALONE IS ENOUGH TO MAKE YOU FORGIVE ANY PROBLEMS THE FILM  HAS AND THE SOUNTRACK IS A MUST IF YOU BUY THIS FILM, &quot;WHAT WOULD  BRIAN BOITANO DO&quot; AND &quot;UNCLE F*****&quot; RATES WITH ANY SONG  FROM ANY MOVIE MUSICAL EVER MADE.  START WRITTING LETTERS TO THE ACADAMY  FOR BEST SCORE CONSIDERATION!!!
0802130208|5.0|Four years ago, my secretary said to me, &quot;Ignatius and you would have been friends.&quot; I had no idea what he meant. He told me to buy this  book. I did, that day. I read it all night long. And when I finished late  the next morning, I turned back to the first page and read it again. Today,  I started reading it for the third time. And I have to say, I find it even  more astonishing than ever. If you've read it once (or twice) I can tell  you from my personal experience, you can read it again and still find  yourself stunned by the brilliance of this novel. At the end of the book, I  am always left with this dark sadness. A sadness that the writer, who  attempted to get the book published, never knew that thirty years after his  death by his own hand, his &quot;unpublished failure&quot; would be, at  this writing, #543 on Amazon, nearly twenty years after winning the  Pulitzer prize for literature. He never knew the internet, let alone  Amazon. I can't help but wonder what he would think if he could see what  happened to those 400 some-odd pages he left in his dresser drawer for his  mother to find. There's a message here. A message to people who face  rejection at first, and then again and again. And that message is that you  never know what is around the next corner.  Suicide is a bad choice. No  matter how hopeless things look. Certainly, part of the interest in this  book is because of this very fact; that the author killed himself before  knowing how famous the reason he killed himself ever became. But the true  brilliance of this book is in black and white, on the page. Page after  page. Certainly there are people who don't like or &quot;get&quot; this  book. But personally, I wouldn't want to live next door to them.
0345308239|3.0|Tuchman sets out to offer a survery of governments acting contrary to their own interests, and after a wide-ranging introduction, she offers four  case studies: Troy, the Renaissance Popes, Britain and the American  Revolution, and the US in Vietnam.<br />The introduction is brilliant, as is  the Vietnam case study.  The material between ranges from adequate (a solid  but pedestrial treatment of Britain's bungling before the American  Revolution) to awful (a peevish, presentist scolding of the Renaissance  Popes) to irrelevant (what is Troy, whose internal politics remain obscure,  *doing* in this book as a case study?).<br />Saying that &quot;It seemed like  a good idea at the time,&quot; then going on to explore *why* it seemed  like one, is nearly always an effective way to understand the actions of  historical figures.  For Tuchman, though, the answer always seems to be the  same: &quot;It seemed like a good idea because they were too stupid, venal,  deluded, or blind to see that it wasn't.&quot;  This doesn't help us, much,  in understanding history or applying its lessons.<br />The notable exception  to this--the one chapter where Tuchman seems willing to trace the internal  logic of misgovernment--is the Vietnam chapter.  If you're interested in,  but not an expert on, Vietnam, that chapter may be worth the price of the  book.
0790730960|5.0|This is one of the few cases where a sequel is on par with the original.  Like its predecessor (&quot;Batman&quot;), this is a very powerful, psychological, dark, and thought-provoking film.  The cast is brilliant,  the music is superb, and the art is beautiful.  The subject matter is very  haunting and the ending is very moving; this is a modern classic, just like  the first one.
0517122707|5.0|What kind of pet? JKT's take on the world is different from anyone else's, and this book gives an idea of how things can be at the opposite end of the  scale compared to most people today.
0393317552|5.0|Yes, I agree with some of the other questions in other reviews.  One of the first things that came to my mind was whether someone like Stephen  Hawking would have survived in PNG.  But, I don't think that is the  author's point.  He raises a number of interesting points that span a large  time span - of course there will be issues that can be discounted.  The  strength of the book is the generalities the author is able to draw about  the development of man.
0790731002|3.0|But it certainly could have been a lot better.  This film is nowhere near as good as its brilliant predecessors.  Val Kilmar makes a mediocre Batman, and Chris O'Donnels Robin isn't much better.  All the power, depth,  subtlety, and psychological drama of the previous films are absent here; in  their stead lies little more than an overly-done, loud, and  heavily-stylized action flick.  Still, it does reasonably well in the art  department, and the acting is over-the top, but in a fun way.  The action  is smooth and well-made(though occasionally hard to follow).  Basically,  though not bad, it still pales in comparison to the darker, more adult  &quot;Batman&quot; and &quot;Batman Returns&quot;, which were far better  than this.
6304467540|5.0|I really love these movies. The first two are all-time masterpieces. The third one is not as good, but a damn fine movie in it's own right.<br />Mr. Coppola has just started making DVDs controlled by himself, under the name  of his production company, American Zoetrope. Their first release will be  the late November-99 release of Coppola's Apocalypse Now, in ANAMORPHIC  widescreen! This excites me to no end, because it might just mean that one  day not too far away, we'll have ANAMORPHIC DVDs of the Godfather trilogy  and Coppola's other masterpiece (aside from the trilogy and Apocalypse  Now), The Conversation. Hopefully, he will also sit down and record  commentaries for all these movies. I believe this man owns a great deal of  knowledge about filmmaking, and of course about these movies specifically.  To hear him talk about it would be very exciting for the true  movielover.<br />American Zoetrope gives me hope, mr. Coppola. Please don't  fail to live up to it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Now this is something I would be totally thrilled to be associated with... I absolutely loved it.  What a concept, great story line, great cast.  Impressive special affects.  I've bought it and I watch it over and over  again.  Of coarse I have my favourite scenes. 'Neo and Morpheaus fighting'  and 'The Lobby' scene.  Keanu... XXX!  Hugo is fantastic in this, does alot  for the character. Can't wait till the next two come out!
B000002IU9|5.0|Manowar is simply the king of power/epic metal. When it comes to trash metal we say Slayer/Metallica. When it comes to progressive heavy metal we  say Dream Theatre. When it comes to death metal we say Death/Sepultura.  When it comes to Power metal we're shouting MANOWAR kills! When it comes to  epic metal we're shouting it as well! The Triumph of Steel is the fastest  and heaviest Manowar album. It is a mixture of older Manowar(epic metal)  and newer stuff(pure power metal). Heavy metal or no metal at all! Erka
B00000JZI9|4.0|Although there have been westerns made since Silverado this seems to be the last one that is just for fun, no messages. I enjoy Unforgiven and Dances With Wolves but why doesn't anyone make fun westerns any more? <br />I  first saw this film on the big screen and then subsequently on television  before rushing out to buy the video release. Over the past few years I  haven't watched it because it doesn't look right in pan and scan. Now at  last I have bought the widescreen version and can really enjoy the film  again. This is great fun, a wonderful film and its a pity that a sequel is  unlikely (or am I wrong?)<br />The picture quality is excellent and I was  amazed at how dark the video tape is in comparison. I also noticed that  while the DVD states that the aspect is 2.35 the film seems more like 1.85.  Comparing the video tape (the opening scene looks like 2.35) the DVD has  more picture information. So anyone concerned that they aren't getting the  full picture - don't worry, its all here.<br />Great picture quality and good  sound. A brilliant cast, great locations, good direction and a fun script  make this a great modern western. Watch it, enjoy it and relive your  childhood (if you watched every western as a child, as I did).<br />Yehaa!
B00001MXWX|5.0|This is my favorite Star Trek movie out of the them all (besides the Voyage Home one).  I liked the Baku.  I liked their philosophy.  I liked how the movie invites you to look deeper than the surface flash.  It may  disappoint those who looking for the violence and anger in First Contact or  in other Star Trek movies; but I enjoyed the movie the first time I saw it  in the theater.  And I liked it more each time I saw it on video.
B0000028RR|5.0|if your gonna buy a rage against the machine cd, you have to buy this one. every cd is filled with AWESOME lyrics, i mean awesome. RATM really did a  great debut album.
006017322X|5.0|This is my favorite fiction &amp; the movie was almost as well done.  I have read it so many times that I have lost count. <br />There are so many  important issues addressed through the eyes of an innocent young girl  living in a small town in the south; racism in the 30's being one of the  most critical but also tolerance &amp; understanding of differences in  others such as socioeconomic level, mental illness and personality traits.  <br />This is a book to read over &amp; over again; learning each time  something new about mankind, both good &amp; bad &amp; how best to live as  a human being.  I believe you can discover something different at different  stages of your own life as you view the world differently with new  experiences so I would recommend it at each new stage or decade of your  life.<br />I did not want this story to end and was sad that an author of  Harper Lee's talent hadn't written another book.  The characters are so  vivid that the readers may begin to feel that he knows &amp; loves Scout  &amp; her family like I have.  Even if you aren't looking for a book  addressing the above issues, it has all the elements of an exciting  novel...suspense, drama, humor, a bit of romance, a trial, murder,  compassion, love &amp; mystery.  All that &amp; it is completely wholesome  too!<br />Enjoy this wonderful book!
B00001R3GC|5.0|This album is right up there with Beggar's Banquet. I haven't heard Let it Bleed, but I imagine that's good as well.
0800141865|5.0|It's sad to discover that *some* people (who have posted reviews here) have overlooked the merits of this film...  and focused only on Larry Flynt as a man.  Well, listen up...  a movie is not WHAT it's about, but HOW it's  about it!  <br />Don't complain about the actions of Mr. Flynt in the movie...   after all, he (Flynt) overlooked the production...  he really did those  things.  Perhaps Milos Forman should've CHANGED the events somehow?  No!   <br />This film is essentially a sad love story.  Nevermind the politics and  Ammendement speeches...  what we have here is a destructive relationship in  the vein of Sid Viscious and Nancy Spungen.  It is masterfully directed,  beautiful to look at, and deeply engrossing.<br />Whatever your feelings about  Flynt, remember that he did play an important role in our era.  Think he's  a horrible person?  You probably won't get an argument from him, as this  film demonstrates.
B00000K31V|1.0|After seeing 'The Matrix' &amp; 'The 13th Floor' (both ~great sci-fi movies), I had high hopes for eXistenZ.  I know that having high hopes going into a movie will cause you to think less of it had you not had those  expectations.  In this case it wouldn't have mattered - IT WAS TERRIBLE!   This was one of those movies that I just couldn't wait for it to end.  The  only reason that I kept watching it was the hope that something in the  ending would happen to salvage the whole thing - IT DIDN'T!  I rate the  movies I've seen this year, and this was 3rd from last (ahead of 'The  Colony' &amp; 'The Big Labowski'.  JUST SAY NO!
0393039765|4.0|I haven't seen the movie yet, as this is Australia and movies take months to get here (if at all).  But after reading the premise of the movie I  decided it would be an interesting story and, based on the fact that the  author could allegedly write, decided to read the book. I really liked the  book but I must confess I'm one of those who doesn't care for the ending.   It works OK, but I felt the authour could have done better somehow. The  rest of the book is great and the writing is wonderfully economical yet  still remarkably vivid.  Just the way I like it! Fight Club is a good,  engaging read.
B000002BBY|5.0|(What's The Story) Morning Glory? is a rare masterpiece! An unseen succeeded mixture of rock and britpop - polished, yet bursting. At its  release, it completely kicked me. I nearly had given up waiting for new  musical genius in the nineties.<br />From the powerful openers Hello and  Roll With It which are basicly pure rock'n'roll, the album turns to the  seventies-sounding ballad Wonderwall.<br />This changing between styles  continues brilliantly throughout the album, ending in my breathtaking  favourite Champagne Supernova. The album's other masterpiece of  masterpieces is the catchy straight-forward poprock song Some Might  Say.<br />In fact only She's Electric should have been kept from this  outstanding album.
0783233477|5.0|Forget the pooh-pooh people, glance through the raves and then formulate your own opinion. It's one of those movies that you're either going to love from start to finish or hate it. If you liked &quot;What Dreams May  Come&quot; like I do, then you'll love it.
B000002UQJ|5.0|This is far from Paul's best album, but it comes close.  Off the Ground is a very well written album.  Paul colaborates with Elvis Costello on this  one like Flowers in the Dirt.  It has a very distinct sound.  Off the  ground is a good song.  I like the sound of the guitar.  Looking for  changes is a song with a meaning, and it gets it meaning across.  The drums  sound artificial.  Hope of Deliverance, what can you say, if you don't like  it, you better check and make sure you have a pulse.  Again this has a very  strong message that gets across.  Mistress and Maid is a song that Paul  wrote with Elvis Costello.  It is a very strong song, and I like it.  I owe  it all to you is a song where Paul uses his words very carefully.  Biker  Like an icon is an average song.  I like it, I seem to like the forgotten  songs, more than the popular songs.  I hate Yesterday, and Hey Jude!  Peace  in the Neighborhood.  A bad song.  It sounds better live. Golden Earth  Girl, well, I never like that song, he gets an F- for that one.  The lovers  that never were, is very much like Mistress and Maid.  Get out of my way,  another great song, but it sounds better live.  Winedark open sea, good job  Paul.  C''mon People is maybe the best song on the album.  It has a very  good melody, and I enjoy listening to it.  Off the Ground as an album sold  more than 2 and a half million copies.  Reviewers were giving good reviews.   The tour was awsome.
B000001E7T|5.0|I love this album. <br />It's beyond words... beyond everything.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie is not for those who can't imagine beyond their own small reality. An open-mind will sore with this movie. The artistic eye, the attention to detail, the creative settings, the constant mental stimulation  make this movie a catalyst for our inner-thoughts. One of the best movies  of all time!
B00000ICET|4.0|The other reviews sum it up pretty well: a great parody by future major filmmakers, made for fifty bucks in 1970.  But I will always love this movie for the credit sequences, which are set to &quot;Benson,  Arizona,&quot; the greatest science-fiction country and western song of all  time:<br />Benson, Arizona / The warm wind in my hair /My body flies the  galaxy / My heart yearns to be there / Benson, Arizona / The stars up in  the sky / But they seemed so much warmer / When we watched them, you and  I...<br />There's also a stanza about time-space dilation effect, which I  can't remember offhand...but I hope some musical artist will rescue that  song someday from Z-movie obscurity!
0061002860|5.0|Yes, this is Agatha Christie's masterpiece. The unusual factor is that the narrator is not the regular Hastings but some local doctor in the village  in which the story's based. In &quot;Murder in Mesopotamia&quot; too, the  narrator was not Hastings, but a nurse. But this story is absolutely  stunning. The climax is the best ever in a Christie story. Yes, no doubt,  she's the acknowledged queen of mystery fiction!
0140283587|4.0|Picked this up in a second hand bookshop in Kathmandu while recovering from altitude sickness and the Annapurna Krut. If there had been any left,  I'd have crapped myself laughing. Superbly funny, with some bang on satire  of the whole backpacker/Lonely Planet culture; the only drawback I felt was  that at times the author indulged in cynicism for the sake of cynicism.  Which is why it gets a four instead of a five.  Lent it to someone on the  way back, must get another copy now I'm back in NZ...
B0000022WA|5.0|I think that this is the best movie in the world. It has everything you could ask for and than some,i think that every parent should let his or her child see it.  It will teach you how to get along with each other.
B000002HHB|1.0|Please explain to me why Natalie Merchant has such a loyal following.  Without the Maniacs, she's nothing.  Most of these songs are unbelievably  boring, with completely unambitious melodies.  And her voice is not exactly  one of her strong points--although exactly what her strong points are, I  don't know.  I saw her live on the Lilith Fair and found her uninteresting,  even annoying.  And she's sooo pretentious.  I'm a big 10,000 Maniacs fan;  leaving that band was an egotistical mistake for Natalie.  If it weren't  for the song and video for &quot;Wonder,&quot; this would deserve zero  stars.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I love every song on this album, and it's better than the first Creed cd by far.
0790734850|5.0|I'm amazed. Hollywood can still produce a quality movie! There is little to dislike here. The screenplay, directing, dialogue, cinematography and acting are all superb. I have never been a Kim Basinger fan, but I even  liked her in this movie. The only negatives I can think of is that the bad  guy's identity is revealed a little to soon, and I was sorry to see one of  the characters that I liked killed off early (both occur in the same  scene). Still, this movie is can't-miss.
0780619676|1.0|The only reason this movie isn't the worst movie ever is Titanic and,Night at the Roxbury. It stunk.
B000002BKP|4.0|How can you go wrong with Wyclef and Lauryn?  Intelligent lyrics and smooth rythmes fill this album.  &quot;Fu-gee-la&quot; is almost guaranteed  to get you hooked!  Also, the editing job was non-distracting (always a  plus).  Listen to &quot;The Score&quot;...it will be worth your time.
068484267X|5.0|I enjoyed this book so much that I had to read parts of it to my husband so we could enjoy it together.  McCourt's description of life and his sense  of humor were just wonderful.  I felt like I was there in every scene.   This book should be read by anyone doing family research in Ireland.  It  will make you appreciate your ancestors for coming here and making it  possible for you to have a better life.  Also, when you have finished  reading this book you will think about America the land of opportunity and  how it came true for the McCourt family.  I can't say enough about Frank  McCourt and his book Angela's Ashes.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill does a lot of different things on this album...and she does them all well!  You have her singing in a classic R&amp;B style on some  songs to going hardcore rap on other songs.  Then you have the different  musical styles...Motown, rap, soul, R&amp;B, and even a track featuring  Santana.  Worth checking out, worth buying, and definitely worth the hype!
0465068359|4.0|We need this kind of work because we cannot erase history. This story need to be told, over and over again to honor the memory of the ones who died in  this incredible and brutal massacre and also as a record of the history for  the future generations.  The interesting research work of the author tell  us the story from the point of view of the victims, the killers and also  foreign witness of the massacre. Great Book!
6302914191|5.0|Pro's: Its the best TV programme so far.<br />Con's: The picture is so poor, its blurred. If you can imagine the picture as a layer on top of a fuzzy screen, it looks like you can see through the picture to the tape beneath.  I haven't seen picture quality this poor, even from a tape that I've taped  over a lot and am about to throw out because its had it. The sound is  pretty poor too.<br />Recommendation: Don't buy it. You can purchase the first  7 episodes on decent quality cassettes and tape the rest next time they're  on telly. You'll get the proper pilot too.
B0000060NF|5.0|An incredible album. In making music about universal concerns, Marvin Gaye manages to hit the personal anger and pain that individuals go through when  those concerns concern us. It's about being black in America, sure, but  it's also about feeling helpless and bewildered when life bowls us  over...all to unforgettable music by a performer who lets it all out to be  seen and heard. A classic.
B00001ODHL|3.0|I am a huge fan of Army of Darkness, own it on VHS, Laserdisc, and even own the Japanese Laser disc entitled Captain Supermarket.  I was hoping that this new dvd version would have all the footage plus more then the  versions of the movie that I own, it does. There are still scenes missing  though, ones that were on the TV version that was played on USA network.   This was not as much as a problem as the quality of the video, the whole  windmill scene on the director's cut with the little Ashes was bad, it  looked like a bad copy of the video version. This was the worst part, but I  also noticed it in several other parts of the movie on both discs of the  set. It just looks like no effort was made to improve the film for the dvd  format. I would even go as far to say that the laserdisc version looks  better then the dvd version. Of the two discs, the original theatrical disc  had better picture quality.  So, if you are a die hard AOD fan, you will  have to buy this set, but if you are just a fan of the movie and are  expecting to see some real dvd quality improvements in the movie, you are  going to be disappointed.
B00001QGPR|5.0|Not since Scary Monsters has Bowie evoked such a sense of comfort with his own skin, instead of some chic embodiment of the latest social phenomenon.   I was a bit apprehensive at first but  I'm now on my twentieth listen to  this much beloved album.  Thursday's child is such a beautiful melodic  song, sounding much like the teasings of some alien minstrel sent to earth  to captivate our thought fiber.. Whatever.. Great work David.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie takes me right to the edge..I almost believe..Isn't that what it's all about? Makes me want a sticker for my car that says &quot;always takes the red pill&quot;
6305627401|5.0|This is one of the greatest anti-censorship movies ever made.  The film-makers don't argue that there are films out there that kids shouldn't see; their point is that, instead of protesting and boycotting everything  in sight, parents should spend time with their kids and *explain* why  certain things are right or wrong.<br />This is a brilliant, acidic, extremely  funny movie, with an unexpectedly moving moment involving Kenny, which I  won't spoil.<br />The music is brilliant, both as a parody of Disney movies  and on its own terms.  I can't wait for Whitney Houston to sing &quot;Uncle  F*cka&quot; at the Oscar ceremony.
B000000OUW|5.0|This album is very good indeed (as are all manowars albums), This is their latest studio album.<br />The differnce between this album and the rest is  that it is a bit heavier (But don't let that put you off if you don't like  it heavy, it's still classic manowar) Also Manowar have a new guitar player  who is really good, as good as ross the boss (No disrespect to ross by the  way)<br />Songs like 'Outlaw','Brothers of Metal','The power' and 'The gods  made heavy metal' make me so glad I bought this album. Some people I know  don't like 'Courage' but if you take it as what it is, not a metal song but  just a really well written song, you will enjoy it, eric's vocals are  superb.<br />Buy this album, don't stop to ask questions just buy it!
068484267X|5.0|I found this book truly captivating from the moment I began. The honesty in this book makes it even more interesting.  Frank McCourt allows us to  enter a world that most of us can never imagine.  It is the most exciting  book I have read in years.
B00000J2PH|4.0|Growing up in the 80s, I would hear various renditions of all of the songs on this CD.  While I'm used to other people singing some of them (like  James Taylor in &quot;You've Got a Friend&quot; and Aretha doing  &quot;Natural Woman&quot;), many of the originals are exactly what I  remember -- and it's great.  In this age of digital remixes for the  perfect (boring) song, this is quite refreshing.
B000001EUR|5.0|THEY ARE THE BEST ROCK BAND TO EVER COME OUT OF THE 1980'S, AND THEY ARE STILL GOING STRONG AS THEY HAVE FOR THE LAST 20 YEARS AND COUNTING..THIS IS  THE VERY BEST ALBUM I THINK THE SCORPIONS EVER PUT OUT TO DATE. ALL  SCORPIONS ALBUMS ARE GREAT...THEY HAVE NEVER PUT OUT A BAD ALBUM! LOVE AT  FIRST STING IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE! IF YOU DON'T HAVE IT, GO OUT AND GET  IT.IF YOUR A TRUE SCORPIONS FAN THIS IS A MUST TO HAVE IN YOUR SCORPIONS  COLLECTION..
6305171769|4.0|If I was to say what I thought about H20,I would say that the movie was good (in a rating of poor,fair,good,and great.)The idea of creating a movie about the &quot;where are they now&quot; was good.I really liked the movie  as well as the songs in it.
B000002IU9|5.0|This is yet another MANOWAR classic!<br />All the songs are cool although I'm not too keen on 'Burning'.  I really like 'Achiles', 'Metal warriors' (An  anthem), 'The power of they sword' and 'Ride the dragon' This is a great  album and if you like your metal true then you will love this.
6300263673|5.0|Dirty Dancing is my favorite movie of all time! It is truly a great love story, I cry every time I watch it. There is such an incredible chemistry between Baby and Johnny, something I haven't seen in too many movies. I  loved the music, and the dancing as well. I've watched the movie so many  times that I have lost count!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a wonderful CD!  I listen to the whole CD without skipping any songs!  I very rarely do that!
B000002UDG|5.0|While it lacks a number of key McCartney songs (Maybe I'm Amazed, Let Me Roll It, Hi, Hi Hi), this is a pretty good representation of Paul's solo  work. You can't take the Tin Pan Alley or Brill Building out of Macca.  Ironically enough, those folks who praise Lennon at the expense of Macca  fail to realize that Macca and Lennon both had very similiar flaws as song  writers; Lennon's salvage was his ability to touch the emotional core of a  song and give it universality. McCartney's salvation was always his unique  ability with melody and arranging. This isn't to suggest that Paul isn't a  great singer (he was although a different type of singer than John..), but  McCartney's strongest skills and talents have been in those two areas.  While Lennon certainly was talented in those areas as well, his songs tend  to be simpler and less earthshaking in terms of melodic complexity and  structure.<br />This is a fine collection that should be augmented by  McCartney, Ram, Band On The Run, Tug of War (a fine album with a number of  weak tracks), Flowers in the Dirt, Flaming Pie (again, a flawed  masterpiece) and Run Devil Run.
B000002C1W|1.0|This CD is a discrace to the name Pink Floyd. It was definatly a laps of reason that made David think he should keep the Pink Floyd name after Roger  left. It is interesting to note that the &quot;best&quot; song on the cd,  Learning to fly, required the help of three others, whom we have never  heard from before. The Dogs of war is truly the worst song that lives in my  CD collection. It is a truly horrabl pece, with no floydianism in it what  so ever. Istramintaly, aside from the Dogs of war, it is somewhat good, but  all the songs do sound a little to much alike. It just lacks the Passion  that Pink Floyd had with Roger Waters, plus, Davids lyrics don't contain  that aspect that alows you to relate to them, and click.  Truly speaking, I  can not consider this to be a Pink Floyd albulm, when it lacks so much of  what Pink Floyd is. Like it or not, Roger Waters was Pink Floyd, the rest  of the members were members of Roger Waters Band, under the name Pink  Floyd. David stole that name, and has discraced it. It's close to working,  but it just dosen't quiet make it.
0393317552|4.0|Unlike some of the reviewers below, I didn't find this book to be an attack on European civilization and culture, but rather an explanation for  why those cultures flourished and others elsewhere in the world didn't  (and, let's get real here, Western Civilization (uppercase) is the big kid  on the block and could use an occasional tweak)).<br />His demonstration that  advanced civilizations seem to arise and flourish under only very narrow  'windows of opportunity' was excellent and, as good science should be,  testable. As he shows, there's only a few places in the world that had  grains and animals with the potential to be domesticated. Further, that  cultures that hadn't domesticated animals became lethally susceptible to  animal/human diseases for which they'd developed no resistance.<br />He may  have gone a little overboard in hammering home the point that less  &quot;advanced&quot; human populations are not that way because they're  somehow inherently less intelligent--but then, there WAS an awful lot of  attention paid to &quot;The Bell Curve&quot; (demolished as a scientific  argument by Gould's second edition of &quot;The Mismeasure of  Man&quot;).<br />Anyway, a terrific book and worthy of the Pulitzer it was  awarded.
B00001U0GQ|5.0|This is the sort of movie you can easily watch again and again. I've had the widescreen VHS for a number of years and it's virtually worn out so I was overjoyed to see that the DVD's coming out soon. This is a movie that  has been summed up well in the preceding reviews especially with regard to  the cinematography, acting, and the fact that you are swept along with the  story which is totally engrossing. It makes few concessions to modern ways  or language and this is what makes it so authentic. Nothing can prepare  you, however, for the music. It matches perfectly the mood of the film at  any one time and the CD soundtrack itself is also a more than worthy  purchase. Highly recommended!
B0000024ZI|4.0|Not as groundbreaking as Brain Capers (the blue print for punk rock), nor as biting as Mott, ATYD is David Bowie's version of Mott The Hopple. Bowie  took the band's sound, tarted it up(as any good producer would) and gave  them an &quot;image&quot; to sell to the public.<br />The result was an album  that actually had a hit single (penned by Bowie but owned by Mott)and  climbed the charts. That isn't to dismiss this classic album or Bowie's  importance at rescuing Mott. Bowie suggested to Ian Hunter that since he  was essentially the front man that he needed to take control of the band  (creatively and in performance). While it spelled the end of the original  line up, it also liberated Hunter and Ralphs allowing them to come up with  some of their best songs on the follow up Mott.<br />If you're going to  purchase ATYD search for the remastered import. The sound on the British  edition is sharper, more focused and sounds almost like it was cut  yesterday.
B00000J631|5.0|Ive only listened to one song on this and that was Green Day's &quot;The Ballad of Wilhiem Fink&quot; im going to buy this just becuz i love green  day
B00000255F|5.0|Quite frankly, the greatest rock album ever!  Absolutely timeless music that continues to give me goosebumps after 20 years. I remember the first  time I heard Thunder Road, I had to stop driving and pull off the road. I  could not believe a song could have that kind of effect on me.  It still  does.  That's what I call music!!
1568952724|1.0|Another Harry Bosch mystery.  All of the plot twists and Harry's ongoing angst about himself, his life, his view of the world.  He trolls through  the nasty underside of politics and police work, digging to find the killer  of his mother - 30 years ago when he was 12.  Best line: he finds the cop  who informed him that his mother was dead.  The cop thinks that Harry's  after him about the loose ends on the incident and has a gun on Harry.   Harry tells the cop how he found Harry at a swimming pool to tell him.  The  cop says &quot;you're the kid&quot; and Harry answers &quot;I'm the  kid&quot;.  (I love scenes that echo something that happened years before).  Anyway, a very good read, and several sets of false clues, just to keep you  guessing.
B00000JPH5|4.0|The perfect movie for females from 8 to 88. Jim Henson puppets for the kids and David Bowie in Tights for the adults.
0930289528|5.0|This is a novel of great scope and imagination, with so many layers of plot, metaphor and symbolism to impress even the most jaded literary  critic. Never mind that the tale itself is fantastic, detailing one of  man's most basic and most ambiguos needs: the need to be &quot;free&quot;.  But what does it mean to be free? Free from what? The past? The Government?  Your parents? The world? Life? Can anyone, even V himself, really give you  the answer? Like all great novels, this book refuses to offer an easy  solution; even the word of V is suspect, for his methods often parellel  used by the authoratative system he so despises. Like the characters of  Finch and Evey, we must seek to find the answers ourselves; we must decide  what is truly important in our lives, and what we believe  &quot;freedom&quot; to mean. Recommended
B00001PE4D|1.0|This movie was so bad, I wish I could have given it no stars.  The acting was horrible and the plot was dull and predictalbe.  I knew he was gonna get hit by that car, and I was glad.  That whole sex scene between whats-her-face, and whose-that-guy was stupid.  She's a virgin and it just felt that good?  Gimme a friggin' break.  And whats the big deal about the kiss between Selma Blair and that one chick who isn't that hot and has no talent?  It didn't turn me on one bit.  This is one of the  worst movies I have ever had the misfortune of sitting through in my life.  People who like this kind of movie deserve exactly what they get: CRAP!
0788816454|4.0|This movie was pretty good. I didn't see the beginning but what i saw it was pretty cool. It also makes you feel so sorry for the guy in parts but Adam Sandler did a good job acting out this movie.
B00000K19E|5.0|As a PC owner Living in the UK - the availability of this film through Amazon was three months early! The cinema experience of the film was superb and DVD also delivers - the visuals don't lose anything in the transition  to small screen. 'Pure blood' martial arts fans will pick holes in the  fight sequences - but as a student - I think the actors perform extremely  well. <br />The action sequences rock - the budget for blank ammunition must  account for a huge amount of the overall cost of the film......<br />The  soundtrack is awesome also - it will appeal to classical and techno fans  alike..however the purists might grit their teeth at the other group...
0783226063|5.0|&quot;We have just folded space from Ix.  Many machines on Ix-new machines-better than those on Richesse.&quot; Several years ago I purchased what was then a state-of-the-art video system.  I ordered the 12&quot;  laser disc version of &quot;Dune&quot; to be delivered along with the  system.  When I arrived home on the day the of delivery, I found the  technician who installed the system seated in my den and absolutely  mesmerized by the intense visual images on the screen.  Without looking up,  he said to me, &quot;This is the greatest movie ever made.&quot;  Inasmuch  as &quot;Dune&quot; was by that time already firmly entrenched in my  personal top five, I simply took a seat a watched with him.      I had read  Frank Herbert's &quot;Dune&quot; series many years before the film was  made, a situation that frequently leads to disappointment.   &quot;Dune&quot;, however, is one of the very rare instances where the film  version is not eclipsed by the written word.  In fact, it is impossible to  say that one is &quot;better&quot; than the other.  Such a comparison is  irrelevant when discussing masterpieces of this caliber.  See this film  with an open mind - you will not bedisappointed.
B000001FI7|4.0|My favourite songs on this are 'Strangers' and 'Roads' and that other weird one with all the weird noises , I can't remember all the names, i  just know what they sound like!  I love the deep, scratchy bass, that heavy  feeling, I LOVE that... Dummy is definitely better than the live album.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Totally awsome!!  Sounds similar to STP and Pearl Jam before they started sucking.  Recommand to everyone who liked the 1st album.
B000002U3P|5.0|When I first got this I only liked Iggy Pop's &quot;Lust...&quot; and Underworld's &quot;Born Slippy&quot; (rave/techno whatever)..then I  discovered Deep Blue Day {really sounds like a deep blue day), Primal  Scream's &quot;Trainspotting&quot; (slow, sleepy), &quot;A Final Hit&quot;  (very sleepy and sexual),  and Blur's &quot;Sing&quot;.  I actually fell in  love with all the songs and played it over and over and over...it's very  eclectic there's all types of music on the CD.  the tracks that will never  grow on me are Albarn's &quot;Closet Romantic&quot; and Iggy's  &quot;Nightclubbing&quot;.... A Final Hit is the most beautiful and sensual  piece of music i have ever heard.  A Perfect Day and 2:1 are also really  brilliant.   You have to be in the party mood for the others though,  they're really 'poppy' for want of a better word.  It will definitely grow  on you, I mean at first I hated &quot;For What You Dream Of&quot;  now I  LOVE it, it's so weird.....
6305622957|5.0|This is one of the finest historically accurate movies of all times.  Very good acting througout.  The magnitude of the battles and the complexity of the sets are impressive.  Any fan of war movies will certainly appreciate  the faithful reproduction of the events leading to the U.S. declaration of  war to Japan.
0930289234|5.0|I have read this masterpiece well over 15 times, and love every single minute of it.  And every time I read it, I figure out something new.  This  is a must have for anyone who seriously loves the comic book medium.<br />The  story is engrossing and complex.  The characters are real and the setting  believable.  The sub-plots are also great.  The Gordian Knot, Ozymandias,  Rorshach, Dr. Manhattan, the list goes on.
0553573403|5.0|This book is great! Martin leaves several stereotypical plot elements, adding in lots of blood and even some sex. This may not be to everyone's  liking, but I love it! It's about time someone shook up the fantasy scene  by using plot elements generally avoided. Too many fantasy books focus on  being an adult faerie tale, yet avoid any mention of how adults really act.  I also like how Martin displays the feudal system. Ned Stark is forced into  doing things he doesn't want to do just because of his loyalty to the king.  Seeing knights act both boldy and courageously, as well as cruelly and  craven, also adds a nice touch of realism. I recommend this book to  everyone!
1556587864|2.0|Bad, bad movie, with a goofy script and poor performances. Tries to be risque and fails. The sex scenes aren't really that big of a deal. Essentially a waste of time.
B00000HZFH|4.0|Have you seen these guys live?  They are incredibly cool.  Close your eyes and let the music seep in.  They are an amazing band.  Thier shows are  really cool, cause there are a lot of different kinds of people there.  (i  must admit, i was the only one wearing a minor threat t-shirt, though)   Turn it up loud.
6305399212|4.0|Different, but worthy sequel (and it should've been the only sequel), Aliens is more of an action film than its predecessor. Although afflicted with terribly commericial sensibilities, James Cameron certainly always  gives 100%, and this is an action movie you can enjoy without compromising  your intelligence. It's well-made, solid fun.
B0000047EC|5.0|I have liked both of these performers and bought the CD in a sentimental mood because I'm from Missouri. It fits my serene moments, whether a  companionable Sunday morning, a reflective afternoon, or a romantic  evening. The music is quiet, melodic, poetic, and powerful.
0790734400|2.0|I'll give it an extra star for Tom Jones' truly amusing role, some good, cartoony effects, and the occasional Burton touch. That said, this is Burton's worst movie. It doesn't know quite what it wants to be, and in the  end it isn't much of anything. It's vaguely entertaining on first viewing  but after that its almost nauseating to even think about.
B000002U82|5.0|this is a great great great great great awesome awesome awesome awesome incredible amazing mind-blowing work of pure genius and great incredible  muzik.   what more to say?
6301562941|5.0|This, in my opinion, is James Cameron's best (and regularly underappreciated) film. Of course, I am by no means a James Cameron fan, so take it for what it's worth. I think he's a competant Hollywood director,  but that only means that he makes better trash than his contemporaries.  Still, The Abyss is a personal favorite of mine somehow. It isn't perfect,  and certainly is a bit slow at times, but these things don't bother me at  all. The slow pacing and the careful development of the circumstances which  lead to all of the action later into the film are what I credit the movie  for, actually. And as a whole, it really is quite a unique movie, with some  very wonderful and even genuinely gripping moments. In any case, I do NOT  feel the same way about the Director's Cut, which is appallingly bad. I  looked forward to the additional footage but quickly realized what a wise  move it was to have it removed before theatrical release. It took the odd,  engaging, escapist film I knew and loved and turned it into a silly,  stomach-turning, 3-hour sermon; the last half-hour, which although  ambiguous in the original version was very satisfying to me on a number of  levels, is now atrociously cheesy and utterly ruined. Avoid the Director's  Cut.
B000001FAS|5.0|this was the first allman brothers album i bought, it is amazing, just incredibely amazing.  i was literally blown away.   five stars isn't enough  to rate this masterpeice!!!   also great by abb:  &quot;brothers and  sisters&quot; &quot;at fillmore east&quot;, and of course  allllll their others.   but get this one!!!!!!
0790729652|4.0|4 stars might actually be a little kind, objectively speaking, but I'm a little biased because I like Tim Burton. Michael Keaton is incredible as Bruce Wayne, and if not quite as remarkable as Batman himself, he's  acceptable. Jack Nicholson stands out as the Joker and does a fine job,  although there's a part of me that somehow feels there is someone else who  would've been more apppropriate. The story is admittedly iffy, and there  are aspects of it which probably could've been explored more thoroughly.  Yet all in all, Batman somehow retains its status as a fun, classic movie,  which I enjoy.
B000001DTM|5.0|OK, why not...I'll add my voice to the thousands who proclaim this to be not only U2's best but one of the entire rock genre's finest as well.  Is  it all that difficult to see why?  The music ranges from trippy and rockin'  (&quot;Mysterious Ways&quot;, &quot;The Fly&quot;, &quot;Zoo  Station&quot;...) to quietly sublime (&quot;So Cruel, &quot;Love is  Blindness&quot;...) to soaring pop (&quot;Who's Gonna Ride Your Wild  Horses&quot;, &quot;One&quot;).  It's my humble belief that anybody who  rates A SINGLE ONE of these tunes as less than classic doesn't know what  they're talking about.  I've read a couple reviews here that pointed out  some &quot;average&quot; songs.  Exqueeze me?? Turn on the radio...that's  what AVERAGE pop-rock music sounds like.  Don't believe me?  Your loss!  :)
6304436386|5.0|Objectively speaking this movie probably doesn't *quite* deserve 5 stars -- there are a few awkward moments and some minor aspects that could've been improved upon. But I like it too much to give it less. It's an  over-the-top film with a subtley surreal quality (the story is too  far-fetched to be credible, but too well done to be dismissed in its given  context), and a solid sense of character development. Film builds in  adventure and emotion into a truly entertaing, gripping, and  heart-wrenching climax. Very worthwhile.
B00002E23H|5.0|This movie was the best I've ever seen and I'd really love to see it again and again and again!!! This movie has suspense that can blow your mind away!!  This movie is way better than all the Jaws movies put together.  If  I have to pick one movie to see everyday this would be it!  All I can say  is, if you havn't this, you havn't seen anything yet!
0790730960|2.0|Tim Burton's worst movie, hands down. It's visually interesting, but that's about all. Batman himself seems like a secondary character in this sequel, and unfortunately I couldn't get into Danny Devito very much. He  plays the role well, I suppose, but the story is awfully flimsy and there  just isn't much to latch onto here. I will say that Michelle Pfiefer ... oh  my ... I had a crush on her for months after seeing this for the first  time. And it isn't just the skin-tight leather outfit (although it sure  helped.) My. But in any case, watching her was the only redeemable  distraction I could find in this disappointingly poor movie.
6300251616|5.0|John Carpenter does a great job on Dark Star in which a group of astronauts on a mission to blow up any unstable plannets have a ton of bomb problems. Bomb 20 get's a mind of its own and starts causing the crew big  trouble. The ending is strange but satisfying. A John Carpenter  masterpiece.
0800135954|5.0|It doesn't matter how much of a man I try to be, this movie  continues to tear my heart out each time I watch it.
B00000JPH5|4.0|I'm a muppet fan and loved this movie when I saw it on HBO and Showtime. I somehow ended up with two copies of this movie and both of them went bad because I watched it so much.<br /><br />Spoiled, self-absorbed Sarah doesn't like her baby brother or her stepmother. She enters this fantasy world to escape them both, getting caught in the rain. She must find her way to the castle at the center of the labyrinth and solve it before her brother, Toby, is changed into a goblin forever.<br /><br />This is almost impossible with the likes of Hoggle, Ludow, Litimus, and Ambrosious. An unlikely but loyal group of characters that help Sarah on her quest. Then there's Jarreth, who watches their every move having a few tricks up his own sleeve.<br /><br />I laughed when they all had to go through \\"The Bog Of Eternal Stench\\". Ambrosious had me laughing when it was his turn to cross the rocks. I like the ballroom scene best. Also when Sarah remembers that last line of the book. \\"You have no power over me.\\"
0790731479|4.0|High-quality Tim Burton movie; energetic, funny, weird, and possibly his best. It's everything that Pee Wee's Big Adventure was, crossed with the darker aesthetic of the films that would follow (Batman, Edward  Scissorhands, etc.) A whimsical and imaginative story enhanced by fun,  creative special effects and good performances all around.
B000002LQQ|5.0|One of the best Dire straits albums. A must for every Dire straits/Mark knopfler fan. Mark knopfler never disappoints. one can clearly discern how  Mark and his supergroup, have matured over the years, with the heavy rock,  jazz and country based songs. The album starts off with the lengthy, yet  fantastic 'calling elvis' the best tribute ever paid to the late great  king. The joyous 'the bug', the cocktail jazz 'my party', supercool 'fade  to back', the pensive track 'planet of new orleans' stand the test of time.  The end piece, the hauntingly beautiful, country tinged ballad 'how long'  deserves a lot of radio play, yet never to be heard over the radio. Mark  knopfler's brilliant guitar work is every where, coupled with the sweet  sound of pedal steel guitar by the Nashville's Paul Franklin  and a host of  guest musicians plus state of the art digital recording, this album is well  worth the money and a must for your collection.  I dare say, buy it  blindly!  You'll never regret it.
B000001FAE|5.0|Without a doubt, this record is one of the top-five Rock &amp; Roll albums of all time.  Springsteen's &quot;Born to Run&quot; is one of the few  albums that even comes close!
0684867621|5.0|This book was an incredibly compelling and wonderfully moving statement of faith: &quot;It is God's nature to come on in the bottom of the  ninth.&quot;  This book was almost torturous at times, seeing desperate  levels of hardship blurring the lines between human and animal.  Yet it  never gave up hope, rooting the human (American) spirit in the game of  baseball.  This book called to mind another book, early evidence of King's  insight into the human condition.  Those who are disappointed by the book  are probably the same who thought that &quot;Cujo&quot; was a story about a  dog.  I kept thinking of the &quot;monster words,&quot; and the realization  that there are monsters in life.  This time however, the monster shows  itself and faith throws the curve ball in the bottom of the ninth.  A  fabulous story!
B000005JXG|5.0|Shane MacGown (lead singer of the &quot;Pogues&quot;) is the finest writer of the century.If you buy this album &amp; don't like it,there is something  incredibly wrong with you. The music is superb, and the lyrics are simply  majestic.  If you enjoy Irish music (traditional, or not so trad.) this  album is a must own.  I would say it is the Pogues Best CD.
0451169514|5.0|He thrusts his fists against the posts and still insists he sees the ghosts! I am only thirteen years old and this was my first King novel. My  favorite character was Ben. When I finished the book, I didn't want it to  end. I felt that I knew the characters in real life. I found myself reading  bits and pieces of the book over and over. Especially Part 2: June of 1958.  That was probably my favorite part of the book. I loved the parts of the  book where they were kids. The adult parts were good too, but it just  seemed better when they were all together. A great book. A must read!
B00000K3UU|5.0|One of the funniest movies since waterboy, This movie is a must for Adam Sandler fans!
B000000WHH|5.0|This is quite possibly my favourite album of the '80's. The production, vocals, and lyrics are just first-rate. One of the highlights is Helen  Terry's voice which is magnificent, particularly on &quot;That's The  Way&quot; and &quot;Black Money&quot;. I have listened to this album  probably a thousand times and have never tired of it. Culture Club were at  the peak of their talent here and it shows. Although there are some classic  tracks on their following two albums, &quot;Colour By Numbers&quot; is by  far their best. It is simply the best example of New Wave/'80's pop. Buy  It!!
B000002ADT|5.0|I got a kick out of reading all the other comments about this record, as people tried their best to put into words how much they enjoy this music.   So I went and put it on, and was reminded once again why I'll probably buy  every version of this that ever comes out.<br />It's the kind of thing that  makes all other musicians want to give up.
B00001QGIQ|5.0|How can you go wrong with this childhood classic by Disney! This was truly one of thee best animated movies ever produced. It is truly top notch compared to the animated features we have today. I think everyone young and  old should own a copy!
044022165X|3.0|If you want to understand the difference between reality and fantasy, compare &quot;The Rainmaker&quot; with Harr's &quot;A Civil Action&quot;.   Real life is always more compelling than what someone like Grisham can  dream up. Unless you're reading Shakespeare, stick with non-fiction.
B0000025BL|5.0|This is one of _very_ few albums of which every song is a masterpiece. You have to turn the volume up when it's playing, and no-one will ever  complain! It starts fantastic, with the unmistakable BOOH through to the  final track, For Crying out Loud, which is what anyone is trying to say to  their loved one. A truely varied, soul-raising album, which beggars belief  at the fact it took so long to get launched. But thank God it did. Awesome  talent at it's greatest. And for the people who 'don't get it', - quit  trying, it'll get you if you let it.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have never bought a RHCP CD before.  Every one of the 15 tracks is great.  I can't quit listening to it.  I think these guys are geniuses.  I  highly recommend this CD.
B00000IGGA|1.0|Tonight I'm glad that we're allowed our own opinions in this free US of A. I'm one of the few writing in who HATES this album. Honestly, halfway  through my first listen, my roommate threatened to move out if I kept  playing it. I agreed with her. This is not even worthy of frisbee use. I'll  stick with his early years albums, which are not as nearly as abrasive.  Seems to me that he's just being obnoxious here for the sake of it. If I  wanted random disturbing noise I'd turn my stereo off and listen to the  traffic. This is not music.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Hi - of course this and all other Radiohead gets 5 stars - who can believe how far they've come in terms of credibility and respect since  &quot;Creep&quot;? Personally I'm glad they didn't continue to be a top 40  band. I prefer not to hear good music drummed into my head over and over on  some radio station. Anyway, I wanted to tell all that Thom sings on a track  on UNKLE's CD, Pscyence Fiction. It's called &quot;Rabbit in Your  Headlights&quot; and it's really good, so get it!
B000002I2M|5.0|It's impossible really to describe what it is about L.A. Woman that makes me love listening to it more than anything else.  Certainly it is right at  the core of what Morrison was looking for through the Doors music; he has  purged everything that's not completely true and urgent and desperate.   <br />A lot of people don't agree with me though, they are saying that the  L.A. Woman sound is strange, rough and pompous.  Our minds are not  compatible obviously, they are lying under a different sun.
B000031WD8|5.0|I truly recommend this to any teenager and anyone who wants to laugh for 2 hours straight!!
6305470448|4.0|This is a very intelligent film, and it's entertaining.  However, I don't think it deserved Best Picture.  Additionally, Shakespeare, and Viola spent a little TOO much time making out etc. Other than that, it was a wonderful  film
B0000047CX|5.0|This albumn is the answer to the question, &quot;If you were going to be marooned on a desert island for the rest of your life and you could only  take one record/cd with you, what would it be?&quot; Stan Getz's sax and  the soft samba voices of Antonio Carlos Jobim, and Asrud Gilberto are a  perfect match. The songs are sweet, sad and envigorating and make one want  to take a quick trip to Rio, and perhaps never return. Listen and you'll  fall in love with the Bossa Nova.
1573226521|5.0|Anyone who has criticised this book can shut up ! This book is an addictive escape from reality
0446525537|5.0|If you make a presumption that a book is truly great if it captures your mind and haunts you for days and maybe months after you have finished it,  then Sparks and his novels are great.  However, unlike the other two Sparks  novels, this book made me laugh and chuckle at the tribulations and  shallowness of being a teenager.  And cry, sob, in some cases at the pain  of being an adult.  This book will live with me for days, and make me  wonder about my own life.  Thank you Mr. Sparks
0899666965|5.0|I thought that charlotte is very clever.  E.B. White did a wonderful job of turning the unbelieveable into reality with charlotte and the other farm  animals &quot;caring on&quot; a conversation that fern, could also  understand.  But, fern never talked to the animals, she only listened.  The  story also emphasized the responsibility of taking care of an animal and  the loyality that it requires. Wilbur was also outstanding in his  performance of keeping the &quot;towns people&quot; entertained as well.   He had to live up to what charlotte was writing about him, after all.
B000002G6J|5.0|I got turned on to &quot;Wave&quot; after hearing one of Jobim's earlier albums and this one is a masterpiece. I find myself constantly playing it.  My favorite tracks are &quot;The Red Blouse&quot;, &quot;Wave&quot; and  &quot;Captain Bacardi&quot;. Anyone who loves the Bossa Nova/Brazilian Jazz  sound, this album is a must have. Antonio Carlos Jobim was a genius
B00002EPJH|5.0|Astonishing new recording of Jarrett.Mozartian simplicity bring new meditative life to old and popular standards.Style resemble late Bill Evans  but with an additional touch of sadness and without the cool algebric  approach of Evans
039548880X|5.0|The Polar Express is a book that I love to read anytime of the year. The Illatrations are great. Since it is a Caldecott award winning book it makes  it that much better. It a good book for any age to read or listen to if you  have the Casset or CD. So hope you enjoy as much as I do.
6305648522|5.0|This charming reflection of the journey along cinema's history is effortlessly symbolized by the movie poster. A young boy consumed by the magic of emergent technology is carried along life's path, guided by the  sage wisdom of a replacement Father figure. <br />For those bored by pithy  (pathetic) tough guys and CG SFX - who cares - this film is guaranteed to  open up a new world of cinema, particularly for those who usually avoid  sub-titles.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I must say I am a little disturbed by the comments on this board that trash \\"Supposed\\" for not being like \\"Jagged Little Pill.\\"  \\"Former\\" is  equally as effective and powerful, if not more so because of an evolved  perspective and clearer direction.<br />\\"Baba,\\" \\"Are You Still Mad,\\" \\"That I  Would be Good,\\" \\"Can't Not\\" and \\"Would Not Come\\" are remarkable treasures  whose blatant honestly that have little resemblance to anything I've ever  heard by any other artist, group, or poet today.  And I dare anyone who has  lived any life at all to listen to \\"Unsent\\" and not be moved by its quiet  poignancy.  <br />While the success of \\"Jagged\\" may have been due in no small  part to being at the right place at the right time, \\"Supposed\\" is so far  ahead of its time as to have no obvious parallel in today's music.  If  there is a pitfall on this cd, it's that too many songs have similar  musical arrangements, and a stronger collection may have been achieved by  using \\"The Couch,\\" \\"UR,\\" and \\"One\\" as b-sides to the single releases.
B000002KYB|5.0|The best Dire Straits by far - pop it on your hifi, dim the lights, get comfy and take an hour out of your busy life. Beautiful evolving tunes that  keep going and going. How refreshing to listen to dynamic music, on  occasions squinting to hear subtle passages, on others, scared your  neighbours are gonna call the police. Proper music this....
B000002JEV|5.0|Super Intense and Utterly Honest.  The awesome power of Zep explodes in this staggering display of musical talent.  This set features the rawest,  purest Led Zep, without studio wizardry or polish.  The result is a  shocking reminder of how hard these guys rocked, how truly talented the  songwriting was, how incredible the playing was, even when off the cuff.   Especially when off the cuff.  Many criticize the inclusion of three  versions of communication breakdown.  Don't be fooled.  Each has subtle,  exceptional unforgettable nuances, and this is your only chance to notice  them.  The guitar solos are each different. One version has a very slight,  very bitchin swing beat.  One has a longer intro, one features a super-mean  guitar bend right in the middle of the intro.  The bass riff is meatier in  the solo section of the second than first and third versions.  Serious  musicians and discriminating listeners lust after such details, since they  unfold the real secrets of the Led Zep sound.  Every song on this set  contains tiny diamonds, little things Zep did which made them godlike.  I  have lifted more tricks and ideas from these tracks than I like to admit,  and people wonder where my band gets its power from!  Thanks, J. Page, for  showing us all your secrets.
B00001QGPS|3.0|Ya'll probably gonna hate me for this, but really, the Blackout album is &quot;aight&quot;. Like an earlier review stated, the beats are, at best,  less than standout. They're not wack, per se, but to someone who listens to  Hip-hop alot, there not the BOMB either; &quot;Cereal Killer&quot; a cut  that everybody here seems to like, was used first by The Coup, and more  effectively at that. &quot;Maad Crew&quot;, uses a relatively new sample  for its beat, &quot;Sandworms&quot;, which is featured in the Mushroom Jazz  collection that came out just a year or two ago ( it's a beat too new to be  used, imho ). But Funk Doc and the Ticalion Stallion come correct with  there charismatic flows, and they do have a certain chemistry that is hard  to beat. Hard-core fans probably already have this album, but for the  others, save your money for Mos Def's new joint, &quot; Black On Both Sides  &quot;
0446525537|1.0|I enjoyed the other two books that Nicholas Sparks wrote.  This one was completely predictable.  I did not laugh or cry and was not moved.  The  only emotion I experienced was regret for having purchased this book in  hard cover.
B0000027RL|5.0|When Pearl Jam first came out in the early 90s, I didn't even think that I liked them.  Evenflow was their first release and I thought it was just a  ripoff of Soundgarden's &quot;Hands all over&quot;.  They were just a  Soundgarden ripoff that's all.  Until one day a friend who loved PJ let me  borrow a live bootleg (Atlanta 93).  I was totally blown away!!!  I went  out and got Ten and have been converted into THE biggest PJ fan. (Except  for all of you of course, hehe.)  If you buy just one Pj cd, buy Ten.  They  are all awesome, but Ten is what started the whole phenomenon.  Many  singers today try to be Ed but they don't even come close.  If you get a  chance go see PJ live.  They are the best live band on the planet!!  If you  don't believe me then you obviously haven't seen them live.  Live on Two  Legs just doesn't cut it.  And stop comparing them to Nirvana.  They are  totally different styles of music.  I love Nirvana too, but comparing these  two bands isn't fair to Pearl Jam or Nirvana.  It isn't a fricken  competition, just two awesome bands putting out music that they love and so  do we.  Can't wait for their next album.  See Ya!!
0446525537|1.0|I had been waiting with bated breath for Mr. Sparks to write another book. After The Notebook and Message In a Bottle, my hopes for another great  read, I thought, would be worth the wait. Not. I read it one sitting and  found it to be very predictable and not funny or sad at all due to the  pedictability. After his first two top notch books,I expected much more  then he delivered.
0441172717|3.0|When I read reviews on Amazon, I generally wade through the sea of 5's looking for the dissenting voice hoping to find honest criticism instead of  yet more gushing praise.  If you're like me, here's your review.<br />Despite  the cult that revolves around this book, it's just not that good.  It holds  up pretty well if you haven't read much complex fiction (i.e. you're 18),  but when viewed as part of the greater mass of English literature, it rises  only slightly above the rest of the SF genre.<br />The characters are  changeless cardboard, the epic historical veneer and societal exposition  only paper thin, the political framework simplistic, and the technology  overly convenient to the story.  In a lot of ways it's a very ambitious  project, and I think it is the ambition rather than the success of the  project that has contributed more to the book's popularity.<br />It's a bit of  a shame that Herbert didn't stretch out more and really flesh out the world  of Dune, but that would have made for a 1200 page story that was already  pushing its luck at 400 pages.<br />Within SF Dune is an unquestionable  high-water mark, but outside the genre it's only barely worth the time to  read it, if that.
0140182829|5.0|Le Grand Meaulnes is a masterpiece of storytelling.  I felt as if I were discovering the central mysteries of the book as they unfolded for the  narrator.  The descriptive passages were beautifully written, and my  feeling after having finished the book is as haunting as its ending.
0446525537|4.0|Ever since I read the Notebook I have been a big fan of Nicholas Sparks.  I enjoyed A Walk to Remember but predictibly, everyone didn't live through  the book.  I do wish Mr. Sparks would write a story where he didn't kill  off one of his main characters. So far this has happened in every book he  has written.  I ready for a change, maybe even, dare I say it, a HEA.
B000002LK1|5.0|This cd takes alot of artistic background in music to really understand the bands innermost thoughts. Obviously the band members are not christians  but they are spiratual.  When I listen to the songs I like to get candles  or incence and be &quot;spiritual&quot; with their music
0767830555|5.0|A recent rewatching of Taxi Driver made me realize that this film contains a unique record of an aspect of New York that doesn't exist anymore.  The former porn district near Times Square looms large in the film, but you  won't find it today thanks to the efforts of Mayor Gulliani and the Disney  corporation, its all been virtually wiped out.  For better or worse, this  ugly side of NYC was the New York of my memory when I lived there in the  late 1970's.  Sleazy, yes, but anthentic and with real character, not the  prefabricated facelift it has today.  Taxi Driver is more than just a  story, its a time capsule preserving New York the way many people would  prefer to remember it.
0140177396|5.0|From all the books in American Literature that I have read, this was the one that touched me most. I couldn't stop crying for what happened to  Lennie. He was so innocent, and never meant any harm. From the moment the  story began, till the time he was shot, he was only thinking about his  rabbits...
B00001NFCY|4.0|First time through probablyy won't catch your ear as something different or special, but it will grow on you in a hurry and you probably won't take  it out ofyour CD player for a while.  Creed has taken a deeper and  obviously more influenced approach- they show influences from Metallica,  STP and Pearl Jam.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is one great CD - every song is a winner.
0140131558|5.0|Paul Auster's &quot;New York Trilogy&quot; consists of three seemingly unconnected novellas which though complete in themselves should be read as  integral parts of a total literary experience. Unlike a conventional  mystery thriller which focuses on the &quot;who done what to whom&quot;  aspect of the storyline, Auster turns the table on the reader by taking him  on a journey of self discovery past a hall of mirrors which reflect and  expose by stages the psyche of the pursuer, not the pursued. The effect is  so spooky you want to scream in your head as you encounter the next slice  of reality about yourself. Readers familiar with the music of rock star  David Bowie will find the reading experience similar to that of listening  to his 1977 album &quot;Low&quot;, a dark and creepy introspective piece of  work. All three vignettes deal with questions of identity, reality and  illusion, the meaning of words and language and explores the fine line  between commitment and obsession. Both Quinn in &quot;City of Glass&quot;  and the anonymous narrator in &quot;Ghosts&quot; are trapped in their own  circumstances and forced to make human choices which lead to their mental  breakdown. There is also a noir-like cinematic feel about the trilogy that  just begs for this masterful piece of work to be brought to the screen.  Auster has produced a highly original post-modern thriller that will  mesmerise and enthrall readers for years to come. It is simply superb and I  cannot recommend it highly enough.
B0000296SI|5.0|Well, maybe not that much, but its pretty good. I cant stop singing whats my age again, which is my favorite song, besides freefallin by tom petty.  all the small things is okay
0385484518|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie, while jumping from the main story to flashbacks of Mitch Albom's college years with Morrie, was extremely well organized.  The  switches between the flashbacks, the history of their lives, and the actual  fourteen week study of life and death was interesting to read, and more  importantly, understandable.  Without questioning what the author was  actually talking about, it made the book a moving, if not a quick read.   The important issues were discussed with such wisdom that this book was  well worth the short amount of time it took to read.  Morrie's  perspectives, while rather counterculture, made more sense than many of the  commonly held views of today.  He describes the importance of family, love,  and a well examined life, in terms that would make anyone rethink their  philosophy on life.  This powerful book was an excellently written piece of  liturature, with messages that will affect generations.
0446525537|1.0|I love the first two books, but this one was awful.  No depth of characters, poorly written, dull voice, and extremely predictable are a few  of the reasons.  It seems he was writing this in a big hurry - perhaps to  get on the BS list again, or he wrote it while in the seventh grade.  Yes,  Mr. Sparks, you know how to write a moving story, a love story from a male  perspective.  You just didn't do it this time.
B00000099Y|5.0|WOW! that was about all I could say after listening to this album in it's entirety. I will admit I was very late on the whole TOOL scene but after a  friend lent me UNDERTOW I was addicted to TOOL, I know have all three  albums. I believe that this is THE best TOOL album only just ahead of  UNDERTOW. Not only does it have great heavy neo-metal type songs such as  &quot;STINKFIST&quot; and &quot;46&amp;2&quot; but entire album is filled  with great sounds and THE BEST VOCALS and lyrics by Keenan I have ever  heard. In all seriousness Keenan would have to be the best singer I have  ever heard not only can he sing loud and passionately but soft and  meaningful. This is no more evident in songs such as H. (a favourite) and  AENIMA.  The bottom line is THIS WHOLE ALBUM ROCKS, and with a catchy  intermission tune and the scary german song DIER VON SATAN &quot;The eggs  of Satan&quot; add to the wonderful feel of this album.
B000005S2I|5.0|Wu-Tang Forever is on a level that no other album can come close to touchin. The beats, lyrics, intros, style, everything is on this track.  If  your a wu fan, and even if your not, you gotta get this.  This is what  seperates wu-Tang from other wet Mc's.  Just listen to &quot;Triumph&quot;  on disc two and you'll know what I mean.
B0000028RR|5.0|I remember I was only 12 years old when this album came out and it changed my life forever (well musically anyway!). With sheer anger and intensity  that 'new' style hard bands can only dream of having this album is a must  for every person who likes metal type music. I know have all three RAGE  albums and it is this one, the original, that is still THE BEST.
1558807381|5.0|First it has Tom in it so it has to fantastic.  I saw this movie as a little kid and fell instantly in love.  For people who have never heard of it or seen it you are missing out.  It's a movie fulled of Good vs Evil,  Gobblins, fairys and true love. Buy for your own good!! remember &quot;how  can there be  light with out dark and love with out hate or good with out  evil&quot;
0060930349|5.0|Paul Johnson's &quot;A History of the American People&quot; is very readable history whose objectivity is manifest. While necessarily  abbreviated in many respects, the book offers a sweeping panorama of the  American political, cultural, and religious landscape. It captures and  defines the spirit that made this country the greatest and the most  powerful in the history of mankind.  Unlike most writers of the modern  textbooks of history Paul Johnson understands that it is individual freedom  of thought and action and the extension of that freedom to the economic,  political, and religious spheres that enabled this country to dominate the  rest of the world.  <br />Johnson brings to light the moral dilemma that arose  when the American ideals of equality and liberty came in conflict with the  economic and social pragmatism of slavery.  A moral dilemma that has  influenced American ideological, political, social and intellectual history  since the country was founded and continues to this day, from the Civil War  to the Civil Rights movement up to the present banal multiculturalism.   <br />He also rightly points out that attempts to restrict man's freedom  through higher tax rates reduce productivity and progress.  The increasing  government involvement in the economy during FDR's administration probably  weakened the economy and extended the Depression.  The economy was  recovering on its own at the time FDR took office. Johnson points out that  the debilitating effects of FDR's interference with the economy remained  with us until Reagan reinvigorated not only the economy but also the  Ameritech spirit, which unfortunately again is under siege with Clinton's  administration.<br />Unlike most modern writers of history textbooks, Johnson  gives credit where credit is due to Ronald Reagan for ending the cold war  and for demonstrating to the world the inherent bankruptcy of communism and  socialism and their handmaiden egalitarianism.  I highly recommend this  bookto anyone interested in American history without the current  politically correct revisionism that permeates most modern treatments of  this subject.
B00000JPH6|5.0|I loved this movie as a kid, and still love it now.  It's a classic.  If you love Sci-fi/Fantasy then you NEED to get this movie! Plus I love FIZZ GIG!
B00000K19E|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS ALL TIME BEST EVEN MY WIFE ENJOYED THIS FILM
B00002EPJH|5.0|Hurray! I finally got it! Another Jarrett's solo...Yet.... I would never guess it was jarrett performing if I didn't see the name on the case.  Instead of usual meditative improvisations we have a set of standards  performed with exclusive elegancy and tenderness. I've just listened it  once so far , so my impression is somewhat subjective, but I loved it from  the first sound. &quot;Blame it on My Youth&quot;, brilliantly performed by  K.J.'s trio earlier (&quot;The Cure&quot;) shines with new colors.  Thank  you, Keith :-).
6305627401|5.0|The jokes are fresh and they mixed alot of old style music with new.  A very entertaining movie for adults.
6305180261|5.0|I THINK THIS VIDEO IS A SURE-FIRE KEEPER FOR ALL GUNS FANS. IT SHOWS ONLY THE BEST VIDEOS. YOU KNOW THE ONES THAT SENT A CHILL DOWN YOUR SPINE WHEN YOU HEARD THEM ON MTV? I'V BEEN THERE ABSOLUTE #1 FAN SINCE I WAS 6 AND  BOUGHT THERE RECORD (APITITE)! I THINK EVERYONE OUT THERE CAN TRUST ME ON  THIS ONE. IT'S A MUST TO HAVE!!!
6305537798|5.0|Being a teenager, I really, really LOVED this movie. It was extremely funny, and it also helped that I'm a big fan of Taming of the Shrew (Why there's a wench!) I don't know if I have seen a better movie in a long,  long time.  It ranks right up there with the classics like Grease, as a  very well thought out representation of the American teen.
6303471714|4.0|It reminds me of the exercises we did at school but 20 times harder!  This is a no nonsense, work your muscles to death type of video.  Beginners take care and don't try to keep up with Radu's counting but when you manage to  complete the first 45 minute workout and not feel pain - pat yourself on  the back.  Cindy tends to whiz thru the warm ups and cool downs/stretches  so hit pause and do it at your own pace.  Great music and cinematography  and 3 workouts to chose from.  All in all a very good buy.
6304708491|4.0|A great fun movie starring the fabs in their second film, although &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; is the better of the two! O.K. Could the viewer from New York (October 5th) get his facts right! George Martin DID produce the  &quot;Help!&quot; album, Ringo came up with the title for &quot;A Hard Days  Night&quot;, &quot;Help!&quot; (The movie) was originaly to be called  &quot;Eight Arms To Hold You&quot; not &quot;Eight Days A Week&quot;, and  John Lennon wrote &quot;Help!&quot; independently from the idea of the  movie!  O.K.!
0812550706|5.0|I saw this book lying on my bookshelf, having bought it a couple of years ago and never getting around to read it. After picking it up randomly, i  couldn't put it down except to go to work. It was so good i read it in  almost a day. If your thinking about getting this book, don't think, just  hit the one click.
0784011710|4.0|It is virtually impossible to hear the audio commentary, a special feature of the DVD version of &quot;Sophie's Choice.&quot;  The regular movie soundtrack has not been turned down, and Alan J. Pakula seems to be  whispering as he speaks directly into the movie soundtrack.  He simply  cannot be heard.  So be warned.
0226264017|2.0|As an economist, I'd like to offer a caution about Mr. Friedman, if I may.  Mr. Friedman is one of the greatest economists, and certainly the  pre-eminent living one.  However, Mr. Friedman does have an agenda, and the  economic theories he advocates most strongly are not houses built upon  rock.  In particular, they do not consistently agree with Keynesian theory.   Keynes wasn't always right, but he did have an astonishing amount of  predictive ability.  The test of time weighs strongly in favor of Keynes  and against Friedman.  By all means read what he has to say, but please  remember that his theories describe a special economic situation that is  rather rare.  Thanks.
B0000024ZC|4.0|This probably is the most accessible Giant album. The best stuff is on the former side two, Peel the Paint, with the big snarling guitar solo (they  should have done this more often) and Mister Class and Quality/Three  Friends, which has a lot of nice keyboard work.  The crazy quilt of  changing time signatures is not nearly as present on this album as the  later albums and accordingly its perhaps less sophisticated but also less  pretentious.  I think In a Glass House is their best album overall.  This  is probably the most listenable and the least annoying. What a great band.  One nice feature of GG is that there is more than one lead vocalist, and  the vocal styles are very different, one aggressive, one quiet.  Note that  the import LP had a different cover - I donot know whether the disc is  available with that cover or not on import.  I agree that Prologue and  Schooldays never did much for me.  But if you find Free Hand and Power and  The Glory a little too busy you might like this one. It is  a big step  forward from the first two albums.
