B000N3SSVM|5.0|I love this album. It is a combination of multiple styles all of which I like individually. Since buying this I have also bought the previous albums by The Knife. I like them all but this is my new favorite CD. It hasn't come out of the car yet since I bought it.  The bonus CD and DVD are also very good. This is a great introduction to The Knife as you not only get the Silent Shout CD, but a live CD and a DVD with both the live concert and all the music videos The Knife had made up to the release of the set.  Highly recommended.
B0000DZ3EN|4.0|Return to Oz is pretty good, but it can NEVER beat the original! Dorothy recieves a key from the scarecrow and tries to get back to Oz. No one believes her, so Auntie Em takes her to an asylum to help her. During a lightning storm, Ozma helps Dorothy escape, and she gets transported back to Oz. It is NOT the Oz she knows because she finds the yellow brick road is tore up. The Lion,Tin Man, and everybody else in Oz have been turned into stone, and the Emerald City is in ruins. With the help of new friends like Billina the talking Hen, Tik-Tok, Jack Pumpkinhead, and the Gump, Dorothy flies to the Nome King's mountain to figure out what happened to the Scarecrow and Oz. Soon, the Nome King challenges Dorothy and her new friends to a little game; Scarecrow has been turned into an ornament, and if they pick the right one, the Scarecrow will come back, but if they guess wrong, they will turn into ornaments as well. Will Dorothy save Scarecrow, and restore peace in Oz? If you love the original classic, you might want to RETURN TO OZ!!!<br /><br />p.s. When I was about 5 or 6, my cousin, aunt, and I would act out a scene from this movie. It's when Dorothy takes the powder of life from Momby!
B000YIGNKE|5.0|I had read the book many years ago and when I heard that there was to be a new Jane Austen series, I re-read it and the others and Persuasion took a very definite first place.   As to this TV version, first time round I loved it and I have found, on repeat viewing only very recently, that it was even better than I remembered. I thoroughly enjoyed the settings, the music and particularly, the two lead performances which I think were thoroughly convincing. Of the supporting roles, I thought Anthony Head was magnificently arch and enjoyably shallow and horrible as Sir Walter, Sam Hazeldine bumbling, delightful and sweet (especially in his relations with Anne which are so kind and redolent, on his part, of what might have been) and I must be the only person who thought that Mary Musgrove was just exactly as she should have been! Peter White is a great favourite of mine so I loved his bluff yet gentle Admiral.   The pacing was odd, I admit, presumably because of the time constraints and like everyone else, I would have liked all of the letter-not just because the written version is so beautiful but because I thought Rupert Penry-Jones' voice-over was absolutely perfect. There's a little subtle break in his voice half way through that gets me every time. The scene in the shop was also wonderful-he, in particular, showed so much by doing so little. There was a real feeling of strong feelings ruthlessly repressed because he was so afraid of being hurt again.   I think Anne was beautifully played by Sally Hawkins and she looked just right. At the start she was obviously depressed but determined to live the best life she could. Then, at the end, she realised she had another chance to live the life she really wanted and gathered every ounce of strength of character she had to grab it with both hands. That was the symbolism of the running for me.   As to RPJ looking too young and unweathered for a sea captain, in reality, that's probably true but the whole point about Austen'sdescription of him is that he had lost none of what she called his (this may be in the wrong order!) \\"open, glowing, manly\\" look in the eight years he and Anne had been apart. And even her vain, looks-obsessed father who castigated all sailors because they supposedly looked rough, had to admit eventually that Captain Wentworth was an exception. RPJ had that in spades, as well as the depth of feeling for a role where so much is under the surface. I thought he was wonderful in it and that he and Sally Hawkins created something touching to the contemporary mind, yet absolutely in keeping with the original, of a relationship that nearly didn't make it.    As to \\"the kiss\\", it wasn't the chocolate-box romanticism that many accuse modern visual producions of overlaying on Austen-it was hesitant, full of both fear and longing, human, messy and completely believable. The sunlit ending at Kellynch, I think, was symbolic of pent-up longing fulfilled in every way, which is really the point of the entire book, and I loved it.   I've even loved writing this about it!
B000IMUYJM|3.0|Don't get me wrong, if you've read my reviews before, you'd know I love horror films, but this one is sorta boring at some parts. I actually saw the remake of Black Christmas before I saw this, maybe that's why I don't like it as much. In other words, I'm saying I like the remake better than the original. Usually, it's the other way around. It does have some good parts; like the killing scenes, and it has the classic look of the 70's. People are always saying this is the original slasher and HALLOWEEN isn't, but that doesn't matter to me. It doesn't matter which is the original slasher, because I love HALLOWEEN better. Maybe one day, I'll give this movie a 2nd chance. If you love classic slashers, maybe you'll like BLACK CHRISTMAS!!!
081186510X|4.0|I loved the book, the pictures were awesome, fresh, vulnerable and honest.  REM is the greatest band ever and to have a glimpse into their world was amazing.  The only reason I didn't give 5 stars, it would have been helpful to have a listing of who some of the other people in the photos were.
B0011NVC9I|1.0|We read 'Beowulf' in our English class last year, and I thought the story was pretty good. So, after we read it, me and my mom watched the movie. (She had not read the story.) It first started off pretty good, then later they added stuff they weren't supposed to like Beowulf and Grendel's mother had sex, making another son. In the story, he was supposed to kill her. At the end, Beowulf fights the dragon, but we find out the dragon is Beowulf and Grendel's mom's son. Grendel's mom LIVES! THAT'S NOT COOL!!! I would NOT recommend BEOWULF!!!<br /><br />p.s. I'm glad Disaster Movie made fun of this!
0679809015|2.0|I bought this book just to get my purchase to qualify for free shipping. I was thinking it was going to be about the size of a standard book. This thing is TINY! It's only about 3\\". My kids do like it but its just so small.
B00027JYLC|4.0|I received this as a Christmas present back in 2005! This is a very good film. When it came out, it was hugely controversial. The idea of actually getting real circus freaks was, at the time, unthinkable. The little woman who played Frieda was pretty hot. In a way, it's not really scary, but shown how they were treated and how they get back at the ones who torment them. If you love classics, you'll love FREAKS!!!<br /><br />\\"Gooble Goble, Gooble Goble, we accept you one of us!\\"
1401207510|1.0|I'm a french reader and I've the two previous absolute version of LOEG. So, like other unhappy fans who have preordered this item I 'm feeling  cheated. No LP, no scripts, no sketches. Plus, DC sells this one for the same price even though it is twice smaller than the previous absolute.  Absolutly dishonest, period.
B0007PAMBK|4.0|This is a very good creepy movie. It has a classic look to it. A woman named Mary Henry survives a car accident, and after that, she starts seeing a deformed, ghoulish figure,(who directed the movie) Sometimes, it seems like she is dead to the world because she can't hear and no one else can see or hear her. There is one part where we think she is talking to a psychiatrist about what's been happening to her, the doctor's chair turns around and it's really that ghoulish man. Later, she ends up at an abandoned carnival and the ghouls try to take her. I like the colorized version of the film because it makes it better and creepier and realistic! Mike Nelson's commentary is very funny, so listen to that after you've watched the movie. If you love classic horror, you'll love CARNIVAL OF SOULS!!!
B00005JNS0|5.0|Great family movie!  You can watch it over and over and not get tired of watching it.
B0009RCPY8|4.0|GHOSTBUSTERS: This is a very awesome and hilarious movie! Dan Akroyd and Bill Murray make it even better! Some scientists start hunting ghosts in NY. Things get worse after some idiot makes them pull the plug at their headquarters and all the ghosts are released. Later, the Ghostbusters must deal with a HUGE Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man!!!<br /><br />GHOSTBUSTERS II: Five years after killing the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man, the Ghostbusters are out of work and nobody remembers them. Dana is walking home with her baby, and the carriage takes off by itself. She asks Egon to look in on it. Later, after a court session gone wrong, the Ghostbusters come out of retirement to figure out what the mysterious goo is under the city and where it comes from. With the help of the goo, music, and the Statue of Liberty, the Ghostbusters try to save the day!!! I can't wait for Ghostbusters 3!!!
0930289234|4.0|Book was good.  Reads easy and exciting.  My 16 yr. old son recommends this as a good book.
B0014CQNTK|4.0|Juno was actually better than I thought it would be. It had some pretty funny moments. I like how it started in Autumn around Halloween. I like how she starts a friendly relationship with Jennifer Garner's husband, Mark Loring, because he happens to like the same stuff Juno does. I like her dialogue and comebacks. One thing that was kinda wierd was the music they played throughout the film. (The soundtrack.) If you love comedy, and pregnant teenagers, you'll love JUNO!!!<br /><br />On a personal note: This movie reminds me of some of my friends a few years ago in high school that got pregnant and dropped out...I miss them! One of them actually danced with me 4 years ago at a dance.
0439023483|5.0|In \\"The Hunger Games\\", we see a horrifying dystopia.  The central government, surrounded by twelve districts, put down a rebellion many years ago.  The government has many policies intended to remind the districts of their failed rebellion and to keep them from rising again.  The policies keep the people in the districts poor and hungry, too occupied by the need for survival to risk rebellion.    The worst of the policies is an annual game.  Each teenager in the district is entered into the lottery; you can get an additional entry into the lottery in exchange for food rations, thus ensuring that the poorest children have higher chances of being selected in this lottery.  The lottery selects one girl and one boy from each district.  Those selected are forced to participate in the Hunger Games, in which the children must either kill or be killed.  The games are broadcast to all, and are required viewing for all.    Katniss is a 16-year-old girl who has been keeping her family alive by illegally hunting and gathering after her father's death.  She knows that she could be put to death for her infractions, but continues because not doing so means death for her whole family.  She has a younger sister who she adores.  It's her sister's first year to be eligible for the lottery, and the worst possible happens: her sister's name is selected.  Katniss volunteers to take her place.  The boy that is selected from her district is one that Katniss knows from an earlier kindness, which makes Katniss uncomfortable.      Katniss travels to the capitol where she experiences first-hand the riches there: three meals per day, all the food she can eat, electricity constantly available, and a citizenry that has no idea how good it has it.  She marvels in the differences between her near-starvation life back home and this extravagance.  As the games begin, Peeta, the boy from Katniss's district, professes that he has been in love with her for years.  This statement changes the tenor of thegames from its usual bloodbath to a story of doomed young love.      As the games begin, Katniss is painfully aware of the reality of the games.  The Gamemakers have inserted a tracking device into her so they always know her current location and condition.  They can manipulate the wilderness in which the game is played to force the players to come together if the game strikes a lull.  This knowledge that she is constantly on camera and constantly monitored for the benefit of the game sharpens her instincts.    Throughout the game, we see how the Gamemakers shape the game and how Katniss is able to use their rules against them.  At the end of the game, when only she and Peeta have survived, she uses the game's need to have a winner to save them both, much to the ire of the Gamemakers.  The book closes with the knowledge that she has angered the government and that they will not let such a good deed go unpunished.    The plot is a dystopia that feels familiar: it's a combination of Shirley Jackson's classic short story \\"The Lottery\\" and Steven King's novel \\"The Running Man\\" (not the movie, which strays pretty far from the source material, but the novel from King's Bachman years).  For all that I've seen elements of this plot before, I was unable to put the book down.  The story is compelling.  Katniss's plight and the details of the dystopic society that she lives in are delivered in a deft manner that never feels heavy-handed or overbearing.  Her ability to understand her circumstances and make them work to her advantage is laudable.  The book is intended to be the beginning of a series.  I hope that it turns out much like Scott Westerfeld's \\"Uglies\\" trilogy, in which a girl in another dystopia (albeit one less immediately horrifying) uses the system against itself to bring about much-needed rebellion.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|This movie makes you feel like you are there when everything is happening. It makes it seem more realistic. It was a great storyline, but by the end of the movie, my eyes were hurting, and I had a headache, because of the camera shaking. Maybe it was because I was dumb enough to sit too close to the screen. Here's some advice: sit far back away from the screen. The monster was very creepy. There was a scene where the main characters are in a helicopter, and you see the monster being attacked and falling down, then there's huge smoke where you can't see it. Everyone thinks it's dead, then all of the sudden, the monster jumps up and attacks the helicopter, and it feels like it coming right at you. If you love thrillers, you'll love CLOVERFIELD!!!
B000OCZBS0|5.0|-This CD you will either love or hate... no middle ground here. YOu have to hear it at least once... but give it a few listens b/c this kinda needs to grow on you... it's one of those kinda of CD's.    -My first impression was that this was a complete joke... no, no, no. These are serious musicians/songwriters.    -The production is excellent!    -Imagine drinking an aural smoothie made of of Nightwish, Mephiskapheles, Faith No More, Mr. Bungle, Yes, and Sonata Arctica with classical sprinkles on top.    -Cleverly crafted songs blend a very wide range of musical styles... somehow they pull this off well (no rap or country though, boo hoo)    -There is NEVER a dull or boring moment on this CD... no filler... at all. All the songs flow from one to another.... This CD is almost too short.    -Innovative Scandanavian music at it's best.
6305428042|5.0|This movie is awesome. It takes place on one of my favorite holidays, it's funny, and it could be for teenagers (like me!) It has a good plot about three witch sisters from the Salem witch era are resurrected 300 years later by a virgin who lit a candle. Max, his sister, his new girlfriend, and a talking cat spend all HALLOWEEN night trying to figure out how to kill the witches. Once the flame from the candle is out, the witches will die. During this time, Sarah Jessica Parker was hot. I kind of had a crush on her, but not anymore. I always wished that they would make Hocus Pocus 2. If you love comedy, and HALLOWEEN, you'll love HOCUS POCUS!!!
0345404475|4.0|I remember reading this 15 years ago and not caring for it, but on a whim I dusted it off and gave it another go. I'm glad I did.<br /><br />It's no secret that this book is the inspirational source for the movie Blade Runner. I suspect most people will read this having already seen movie, and will quite likely be let down by the book -- which almost certainly was my original reaction. This is understandable, but to actually \\"like\\" this book it is necessary to avoid this trap and basically forget the movie and just read the book as a stand-alone story. The movie takes large chunks of the book's plot, but uses none of the themes (or at best just touches on them lightly.) Likewise, things that are throw-away lines in the book are major plot points in the movie, and vice-versa.<br /><br />The plot of this book is almost secondary to it's multi-textured, interwoven themes: empathy, the value of life, and what it is to be \\"human.\\" PKD raises some interesting points and makes some interesting observations, but the answers to these concepts are ultimately left to the reader.<br /><br />PKD's writing style does take some getting used to, and Electric Sheep is a very good example of this: his prose is rushed, (deliberately) unpolished, and often descriptively spartain. Since he wrote this in 1969, aspects of this may also seem dated: it's set in a post-WW3 dystopia with a still-active Soviet Union lurking in the background. I can forgive all of these, but others might not be so lenient.<br /><br />My advice is to try to get past any \\"obvious\\" stumbling blocks and just give it a go.
B0004Z33EG|4.0|The original is always the best! No one could have done it better than Stallone. Rambo comes to a small quiet town looking for his friend. After he finds out his friend has died, he goes looking for a place to eat, but the sheriff for some reason, doesn't like him. After Rambo escapes custody, he starts his one-man war against the town's police. It has the classic look of the 1980's. If you love action, you'll love FIRST BLOOD!!!
B001B71NOI|5.0|Trent Reznor released this ablum for free online... yet I purchased the limited numbered copy to help support his forward thinking music model. The album also included a great bonus video DVD along with some other goodies that just made me love my purchase all the more. My favorite tracks off the album are 1,000,000, EchoPlex, Demon Seed... ahh hell, I love the whole ablum!<br /><br />Tired of being screwed by the record labels? The help support acts like Nine Inch Nails that put music out the right way.
B000YABIQ6|3.0|Mad men is almost great, but falls short. The acting is excellent. The capture of many period details is dead-on and many aspects of the story are compelling. But in the end, what kills so much good material is an overly melodramatic story and heavy-handed political writing more concerned with looking back than looking at the era. There is just way too much overly cute foreshadowing in a junkyard of 1950s cliches and stereotypes.    And for everything they got right in terms of the city and business, they got something wrong about life in the suburbs. What was missing was the ambitious cuthroat wives of the suburbs and the wives who didn't care what went on in the city as far as affairs as long as the goodies came in. They are too tied up in a one-dimensional world of \\"wife-as-victim\\". That was part of the era, but not the whole thing.    The final episode really killed things. The entire season told a very good and compelling story which turned into a melodramatic soap opera series of \\"shock revelations\\" which undercut everything built to over twelve episodes.    Everyone involved deserves tremendous praise for having so unexpectedly put together something like this. They came closer to capturing the atmosphere of business and being in manhattan than anything I remember ever seeing. It was the best thing to come out last year, but when it reached for true lasting greatness it came up short.
B001BKXUOQ|4.0|This is a great album showing Slipknot's diversity in their music that combines insanity and mayhem with it's hardcore style and light style. They have achieved a metal, rock, classic, easy sound that you just can't help but love and keep listening to over and over again. I've only skipped over about three tracks. Due to the difference of each song, I can again appreciate them for the combination and variety of sounds they can put into a single song as well as every track on this album. Slipknot ROCKS AGAIN!!!
1416550518|1.0|I rarely begin a book without finishing it. This one went back to the library within a day. I really wanted to like it; the flyleaf description sounded heavenly - right up my alley. The characters were walking cliches.
B000S0GYRU|2.0|I was very disappointed after viewing this dvd. It had been given a high rating and touted as one of the scariest horror movies of all times--this is not true. The only scary part of this movie is the opening murder. It pretty much goes down hill after that. I've seen worse horror movies, but I was so disappointed with this one because there were so many great reviews on it. I've seen many, many horror movies and this one is at the bottom of my list. The sets and use of color in the movie are beautiful, but it does not make it any scarier.
B000G8NY4U|5.0|Agora sim acertou na veia. Show fantástico, sem marasmos. As imagens de fundo então são excelentes. Ótimo video para rodar em eventos.
B00008EY65|2.0|At the end of WW2, Hitler attempts to open the gateway to Hell in order to bring back a weapon that will allow him to win the war. He is stopped by the Allies, but while the gate is open, a baby demon, Hellboy (Ron Perlman), comes through. 60 years later, Hellboy, who has been raised by the Allies and is now fighting on the side of good, must go up against the people who brought him to earth in the first place and stop them from bringing about the Apocalypse.<br /><br />\\"Hellboy\\" is a really great idea for a film that is let down by its poor execution. The idea of a demon fighting for good has so much potential, as does the idea of him having a pyrokinetic girlfriend (played by Selma Blair), and as with all Guillermo del Toro films, this one is also visually stunning, but once I got over the initial \\"wow\\" factor of the special effects, I soon realized that the plot is pretty thin, the characters are boring and the good ideas are underdeveloped (I thought it was criminal that Liz, the pyrokinetic girl, should really only use her powers about once in the whole film). The ending is also a major let-down. It just isn't big enough for what went before it and my father, who saw the film with me, actually said \\"that's it?!\\" when the credits started to roll.<br /><br />Although I haven't seen it yet, I have heard that \\"Hellboy 2\\" is an improvement on this film, which doesn't surprise me, considering the fact that, after a film this disappointing, the only way to go is up.
031606792X|5.0|I love this book so much!  I love the whole series but this was my favorite!  I will not give out any spoilers.  All I will say is that this book is fiction, I have read through some of the other reviews and people should remember that it is fiction, for young ADULTS!  I just feel that some of the complaints are silly!  I personally would recommend this book!  It is the best that I have read in a LONG LONG TIME! and I am 29!  I am so so sad that it is the last!
B000OVLBHG|5.0|After graduating from high school, Johnny Rico (Casper Van Dien) follows his girlfriend, Carmen (Denise Richards), and best friend, Carl (Neil Patrick Harris), to enlist in the military, but when war is declared between humans and a race of highly-evolved giant bugs, Rico proves that he is a hero in his own right.<br /><br />\\"Starship Troopers\\" can be best described as an over-the-top, unbelievably trashy remake of every World War II epic ever made...but with bugs instead of Nazis as the villains. Based of the comments that I have heard from critics and my friends, in the decade since this film was released, this is the sort of film that you will either love or hate, although I, personally, cannot imagine how anyone could not like this film. If you love really trashy B-grade horror movies, then you will adore this film. It is essentially a B-grade movie made on an A-grade budget. This film contains gratuitous violence, sex and nudity; disturbingly large quantities of bug blood; and Denise Richards. How could that not appeal? The script is a lot smarter than you would imagine, essentially it is a satire of war propaganda films, complete with newsreels and more scenes of bravery than I've seen since John Wayne's death. It is also directed by Paul Verhoeven, the man who gave the world \\"Basic Instinct\\", who impressed me so much with this film that I am now half tempted to watch the infamous \\"Showgirls\\".
1932100660|5.0|The China Study is the most significant book on nutrition I have ever read.  What a life changing revelation.  I have purchased several and given them to friends.  I highly recommend The China Study!
B00000DGUY|4.0|Like a previous reviewer I am a huge DS/MK fan, have been since the early 80's. Out of the 3 dire straits/mark knopfler compilations this is probably the best one. However, quite a few early tracks have been missed out on all of these compilations. Wild West End & Down To The Waterline from the first album and Where Do You Think You're Going and News from the 2nd just to name 2. Industrial Disease from the Love Over Gold Album.  I hope one day they can get it right and release a best of remastered with these tracks included, perhaps leave a few of the latter ones off and throw in some B-Sides/Unreleased tracks on a bonus CD. And oh yes as someone else said, the original full length versions also please.
B00000I01A|5.0|I could not love a human child more than this cd, this is the single most important work of music since the Bible.
0312360266|3.0|\\"Marked\\" is the first novel in the House of Night saga - just another collection in the long list of boarding school series that have been flooding young adult fiction. While it is an entertaining read, its emphasis on geographic location will alienate anyone not familiar with the area, and the incongruous use of modern slang not only disjoints the novel, but gives the book a solid expiration date. \\"Marked\\" will have no shelf-life.  So enjoy it today!
B00013RC8O|5.0|this movie is grate i saw it when it first out at the drive-in in the 1970's it is one of the best in my collection the other one i recomend is trapper county war                          thank you henry j. whitney
B0014Z4OQG|1.0|Plot line. Okay sure. I can stand it. It's believible I suppose. Nice graphics etc..    Movie starts with a this is a confidential film for US CIA/FBI/White House eyes only. Then it \\"plays\\" the film of a love triangle/party hardy young adult group who are video taping what goes on in their lives, then disaster hits. Buildings crash, screams happen, sirens instantly spring to life. Apparently unknown creature spewing mini-creatures is attacking and eating Manhattan. So rush to get across the bridge off Manhattan island. This is their journey. Everyone dies, creature is caught on film at the end. End of Secret Footage.    However, it is filmed in the first person view. Which means filmed by the Hand. Very Shaky, doesn't explain anything about what is happening. Comming from the movie stand point and what is suppose to \\"be\\". You can understand it. However I don't suggest watching it if you can't stand shaking screens, flashing lights etc... LOT OF MOVEMENT. I don't get motion sickness, this movie almost caused me to have motion sickness. Only still sane part was towards the end when the \\"video\\" camera in the kid's hand stopped after they fell out of the sky in a helicopter.
B000VWE5OY|5.0|I have to refrain from saying Torchwood is light years ahead of Doctor Who - partly because it probably isn't but mainly because it's too different to even compare the two.  Where Doctor Who (at least at its best) keeps you on the edge of your seat from the excitement, Torchwood keeps you rivited to your TV from the intensity.  Yes, Torchwood is far more \\"adult\\" oriented; and far less alien \\"monster\\" oriented.  But to me the main difference is the level of intensity.  And this intensity proceeds not just from the nature of the relationships between the characters - who are definitely not the typical one-dimensional sci-fi characters - but from the uncertainly of each episode's resolution.  I've watched all of Season 1 and a few of Season 2, and, so far,  each episode has had an unexpected turn of events at the ending.  This show, unlike Doctor Who, does not have \\"happy endings.\\"  You always know, with Doctor Who, that  all will be made right again with the world; not so with Torchwood.  Yes, the alien entity is effectively dealt with; but there's no sense of relief.  All is not right with the world again. The resolution leaves as much loss as gain in its wake - if not more so. This was no more true than with the 2-part Season 1 finale.  Part 1 was absolutely magnificent, in every respect - as great a show as I've ever seen; Part 2, though, was a great let-down - because when the alien entity finally made its appearance, it was entirely anti-climactic, and the resolution unsatisfactory in that it wasn't really worthy of what went before it.  The loss was far greater than the gain.  It's unusual enough to see any Sci-Fi show which doesn't have a happy ending that restores everything to the way it was before anything happened; but to see one that never has a happy ending is nothing short of amazing - particularly amazing because we're conditioned to believe that saving the world from the \\"bad guy\\" is such a good thing that it makes everything  alright again.  But everything's not alright just because the world's been saved.  What's lost is lost and gone forever.  Kind of like in the real world.
B000068OCS|5.0|Film buffs frequently create lists of their 10 favorite movies. My answer changes from day to day, but there are three films always on the list: Koyannisqatsi, 2001: A Space Odyssey, and Fantasia. A new age documentary, a science-fiction drama, anda cartoon; three completely different films.     Koyannisqatsi is the newest and least known of these three films. It is a 1982 documentary with ads that said \\"Until now, you've never really seen the world you live in.\\". Director Godfrey Reggio combines stock footage (rocket launches, landscape vistas, building demolitions, munitions tests) with spectacular new footage by cinematographer Ron Fricke (cityscapes, commuter crowds, clouds and waves, traffic jams, assembly lines). He creates a mosaic of life in the modern industrial world and how it has become disconnected from the natural world and is now a `life out of balance', which is a translation of the title. Although the film has no characters, dialogue or narration, the dramatic editing and stirring score by Philip Glass create a great emotional, and even physical impact. I once talked my mother into seeing it with me. While she liked it very much and still comments on it, at the end of one particularly frenetic sequence she said, with a sigh of relief, \\"Thank goodness that's over\\".     2001 is an imaginative look at how man's evolution might have been affected by outside influences. Much of the film has no dialogue whatever. The rest has occasional patches of dialogue, with most having nothing to do with the plot. There is the TV interview, a father's phone call on his daughter's birthday, proud parents radio message on their distant son's birthday, a computer's seeming random questions while working up the crew psychology report, the rambling song of a computer having its memory erased. None of this has anything to do with the search for the source of the strange artifact first found by prehistoric apes, then later by explorers on the moon and how it may affect man's future. More important than dialogue are the amazing visuals and music. The spaceship ballets, technical hardware, and the ending star gate dance of lights, combined with magnificent music evoke the sense of wonder and awe that the vastness of space and the possibilities of the future should inspire.     Walt Disney's Fantasia is a groundbreaking film creating a painted ballet to accompany several pieces of well-known music. The only dialogue is short introductions to each piece by renowned musicologist Deems Taylor. He briefly comments on the composer, if the music tells a specific story, and whether Disney's animation follows that story. Music can evoke strong emotions in the listener with or without a story. Fantasia frequently creates new stories for the music, but the power of the music to arouse the listener remains. The mouse king is gone from the Nutcracker Suite, but a circle of dancing mushrooms, and bouquet of waltzing flowers is no less charming and whimsical. The primitive dances of the Rite of Spring have been changed to the struggles of prehistoric life, but the music is still powerfully thrilling. The rage and fury of demons in Night on Bald Mountain end at dawn as the serene beauty of Ave Maria accompanies the glory of a sunrise. Image and music again stir the viewer's soul.    A science-fiction drama, a cartoon, and a new age documentary; three completely different films thematically that each show the power of image and music to reach the viewer emotionally.
B0016A2FFG|5.0|Al Green, was a favorite of my parents when I was growing up, and he is a favorite of mine now.  I loved this CD.  If you ever liked Al Green, this CD is for you. Then,adding some of today's hottest artist was a perfect match. Would definitely recommend this CD.
B00003CX9W|5.0|Film buffs frequently create lists of their 10 favorite movies. My answer changes from day to day, but there are three films always on the list: Fantasia, Koyannisqatsi, and 2001: A Space Odyssey. A a cartoon, a new age documentary, and a science-fiction drama; three completely different films.     Walt Disney's Fantasia is a groundbreaking film creating a painted ballet to accompany several pieces of well-known music. The only dialogue is short introductions to each piece by renowned musicologist Deems Taylor. He briefly comments on the composer, if the music tells a specific story, and whether Disney's animation follows that story. Music can evoke strong emotions in the listener with or without a story. Fantasia frequently creates new stories for the music, but the power of the music to arouse the listener remains. The mouse king is gone from the Nutcracker Suite, but a circle of dancing mushrooms, and bouquet of waltzing flowers is no less charming and whimsical. The primitive dances of the Rite of Spring have been changed to the struggles of prehistoric life, but the music is still powerfully thrilling. The rage and fury of demons in Night on Bald Mountain end at dawn as the serene beauty of Ave Maria accompanies the glory of a sunrise. Image and music again stir the viewer's soul.    Koyannisqatsi is the newest and least known of these three films. It is a 1982 documentary with ads that said \\"Until now, you've never really seen the world you live in.\\". Director Godfrey Reggio combines stock footage (rocket launches, landscape vistas, building demolitions, munitions tests) with spectacular new footage by cinematographer Ron Fricke (cityscapes, commuter crowds, clouds and waves, traffic jams, assembly lines). He creates a mosaic of life in the modern industrial world and how it has become disconnected from the natural world and is now a `life out of balance', which is a translation of the title. Although the film has no characters, dialogue or narration, the dramatic editing and stirring score by Philip Glass create a great emotional, and even physical impact. I once talked my mother into seeing it with me. While she liked it very much and still comments on it, at the end of one particularly frenetic sequence she said, with a sigh of relief, \\"Thank goodness that's over\\".     2001 is an imaginative look at how man's evolution might have been affected by outside influences. Much of the film has no dialogue whatever. The rest has occasional patches of dialogue, with most having nothing to do with the plot. There is the TV interview, a father's phone call on his daughter's birthday, proud parents radio message on their distant son's birthday, a computer's seeming random questions while working up the crew psychology report, the rambling song of a computer having its memory erased. None of this has anything to do with the search for the source of the strange artifact first found by prehistoric apes, then later by explorers on the moon and how it may affect man's future. More important than dialogue are the amazing visuals and music. The spaceship ballets, technical hardware, and the ending star gate dance of lights, combined with magnificent music evoke the sense of wonder and awe that the vastness of space and the possibilities of the future should inspire.     A a cartoon, a new age documentary, and a science-fiction drama; three completely different films thematically that each show the power of image and music to reach the viewer emotionally.
B000Y1ZXU2|5.0|For reasons I'm not going to go into, I had to buy this DVD of Tool's video.  The video itself is amazing, of course, and the extras are nice too.  The commentaries with David Cross are hilarious and I think it's great that Tool has a sense of humor even over a serious piece of work like the video.  The documentary about the video is great too.  The creation of the video itself is very interesting to see and the interviews with Alex Grey and others are a real bonus.  The only think it's really lacking is interviews from the band members themselves.  I guess this was done for a reason, but it would be nice to see what they thought about the video too.
031606792X|4.0|The long-awaited \\"Breaking Dawn\\", the finish to the \\"Twilight\\" series. In all honesty, I truly don't think this book deserves all the flames. Yes, it had flaws but it was also a great read with lots of suspenseful action.    *slight spoilers for those who haven't read \\"Breaking Dawn\\"*    Everyone knew the two were going to get married. We also knew they were going to make love. One didn't know how much. While I don't agree with the amount Stephanie has in here, there is a certain attraction: why do you think so many teenagers are pregnant in today's world?    I had never heard about the myth that vampires can't have babies. For all those readers that are complaining about that little surprise in the book and saying that Stephanie herself had said that, please don't forget that this is a new universe. She doesn't base it on the regular myths, besides the incubus and succubus. I also watched an interview that had Stephanie say herself she never said those things.    People are also complaining about how Edward acted in this book. If you loved someone--loved someone deeply like Edward loves Bella or Bella loves Edward--how far would you go to save that person? For Edward, there were no lines to saving Bella's life. It was all he cared about. Wouldn't you agree that it's natural under the circumstances?    About Jacob imprinting on Reneesmee... I truly don't see the problem here. Stephanie herself has stated in a previous book and in interviews that it's nothing like THAT. It's simply a fatherly or elder brother relationship between the two that will change as the object of his imprint changes.    As for people saying that Bella's adaptation to her new life as a vampire was too smooth, I'd have to agree with you. But on a scale of one to ten, I'd agree with you on a one. Bella's transition was smooth on account of the fact that her situation was completely unique. Who else had the opportunity to think it over so well about what kind of lifestyle they wanted to live after they become a vampire? No one else has ever become a vampire voluntarily.    However, I must say that the book was extremely anticlimactic. All that building up and not even a fight? But after reading through the third book in the fourth book again, I found that I quite liked this new spin. Who says that every fight has to end in a bloody--or not--battle? Stephanie said it was more of a \\"legal battle\\" than a blood and guts battle.    Another flaw I found in it was how she concentrated far too much on Bella's pregnancy. Yes, it was a major part of the book but it also took up a huge chunk. Thankfully, she handed the POV over to Jacob, allowing us a fresh take on the \\"Twilight\\" universe.    There are also people saying the ending was too smooth and unreal. This is FICTION, meaning that it doesn't have to relate to real life. Sure, most fiction books have some semblance of reality entwined in it but this one didn't. Is that so bad? What's wrong with a fairy tale ending?    *end of spoilers*    Regardless, I thought the book was a great read aside from those few flaws. Besides the ending, the anticlimactic sequence of events, and how Bella's pregnancy progressed, I felt it was a great read. Instead of letting other readers decide it for you, read it first and decide what YOU think. Everyone is different. I, personally, liked the book. It was a great read and a fantastic way to end the series.
B0017MO10U|5.0|Great! Great movie! Good, fun storyline and the North Pole was incredible!! Joel Goldsmith's music was perfect as usual and it was great to see everyone, especially Don Davis in his final Stargate role.<br /><br />I highly recommend this movie to fans and newcommers!
B000NDIAWY|5.0|It is rare that a CD has more than one solid song, so Brandi Carlisle is one of those exceptional singers you will want to hear from again (and again).  Her lyrics and melodies will keep you listening beyond The Story, wondering how she could pack an entire CD with such wonderful songs.  I'm now waiting to see what she comes up with next....
B00110K62U|5.0|This was one of the most astonishing performances of the 20th century and will remain so in the 21th century. A must have.
B000WTNCYA|2.0|Look at most of the reviews below and you'll see that these are people who have no history of reviewing and are just record company sponsored raves.  Blue Note does this with their records to generate sales on Amazon.  It's a dishonest thing to do.<br /><br />Now about this record.  Melody Gardot is simply too young and inexperienced to be a good jazz writer or singer.  This CD has a very fifties vibe with some great sidemen trying to make this music compelling.  But Melody Gardot's musical chops aren't at the level of the rest of the band.  There are so many great vocalists out there today in jazz, all of them with a lot more mileage on them than 22 years.  Give Ms. Gardot another 10 years and something might be there vocally.  Right now, she doesn't have her own style.<br /><br />Then there is the writing The melodies are stock.  The lyrics are trite.  In the future Ms. Gardot needs to stick to singing.<br /><br />I understand that record companies feel the need to push young pretty faces to sell records.  But time and time again, those pretty faces either don't have the chops or the life experience to play jazz well.  And as for putting up tens of phony reviews to sell records, that's just not cool.
B000002MY3|5.0|I actually bought this CD twice.  That's how much I love it.  It seems after she made this CD, she became \\"one\\" with the universe and is full of love. I don't like any of her other music. This CD shows how the \\"little people\\" get walked on.  It is full of anger and frustration and how she had to fight to get noticed. I highly recommend it.
B000ASAEQW|3.0|This is a very good performance of The Magic Flute. I must admit, the black-face Monostatos is a little off-putting (what? you can't find a good black tenor for the part?), but the singing is good, and in German (important to me). My favorite version of The Magic Flute is still that of the Düsseldorf Marionettentheater, but since that is not available on DVD, this will have to do.
B000002I2B|3.0|3 1/2    Third release by the seminal 60's art-rockers was the first to show signs of creative slowdown. At the crossroads between druggie-poet-prophet and drunkie-horndog-bluesman, Morrison's rambling demeanor articulates the group chemistry erosion, but the band still manage to lay down an expected number of classics, albeit of a lower order.
B00168HARG|1.0|To me, this isn't Terminator. Where is the tension? The fun? The spookiness? Anything that really made Terminator great. In some like T2, the camera slows down some, music begins, the Terminator comes out, and Sarah is terrified. To me, that's well done. In the series, it's just boring old fights, nothing too exciting to see. Not blaming the show, but it seems like a lot of newer shows and movies has this \\"fast pace\\" action or something that it looks sped up, and not at normal speed. I hate that. Plus, why SO close to the action? It's too close to enjoy it. This is part of the reason there is \\"widescreen\\", to ENJOY more of the film, the action, the drama, anything. and now you have too many CLOSE fast shots of action, it's silly and dumb. I'm not really going to blame this show because of it, being I see it in other places too. Maybe it's the new \\"action\\" view or something.  If you want Terminator, get the classics. They may be corny in areas, but the suspense and fights, the plots were better!
B000007MVM|2.0|2 1/2<br /><br />A general sense of detachment echoes through Barrett's solo work, and you could say the songs that ended up working best exploited that very undermining. At best, some decent acoustic songs evoke a tragic beauty but more often at worst this plays as a pity disc a few band-mates threw for a lost brother. Edit-free recording reveals some warmth and humor but ends up sounding sad.
B0018AK9RA|4.0|Un disco realmente conceptual, con unos arreglos de guitarra muy, pero muy buenos. En este album podemos aprovechar al maximo la voz de Rob y si que tiene una grandiosa voz. El mejor tema del album es sin lugar a dudas Nostradamus.    saludos de Ecuador.    Jorge Haro.
B000002BFZ|4.0|Arguably their last great work. It certainly fulfills the mellow contract Vedder signed which Vitalogy had been hinting towards, and though we see some rough spots straining to fulfill the musical wishes of fans past, present, and future (in particular their former heavy-rocking screamers which impressed on V take a beating here) the album remains a well-rounded snapshot of a thoughtful band in flux, in no small part from so many of the impressive transitions McCready and company impart on unsuspecting formulas.
B000VL9XE2|4.0|One thing that I can admire for Dillinger is their need to try new things.  The band has mentioned, several times, about how naysayers try to put them down for not going back to their \\"old style\\", and they put silence to those people.  While I am a huge fan of Calculating Infinity, I like the new direction these guys are taking with every album.  Sure, not everything they put out is amazing, but it's a great evolution.<br /><br />Ire Works already has a new drummer playing, and Gil Sharone does an excellent job.  They better not treat this guy like Metallica did when they got a new bassist, or else they deserved to be smacked.  Sharone is killer just like Pennie.  He seems to have a style unlike Pennie, which maybe explains why the songs fair a bit better than they do on Miss Machine (went it comes to straight up charging tracks).  Everything else rules for the most part.<br /><br />Ire Works seems to have two different types of songs: The Crushing and exhilerating, or experimental.  One of the albums faults lies in the former songs, there isn't enough good ideas.  This particular kind of shows up on the later songs, though none of the songs on here stink.  The Experimental is pretty much successful, though Dead as History kind of fails in some parts.  Still though, excellent work, in most parts, and it's easily their most accessible album yet, due to the clean production and straight up brutality yet melodic riffs.<br /><br />You get two tracks that rip out from the start.  Fix Your Face features Dimitri on vocals (heck yes!!!) and rips over roaring vocals, and Lurch goes manic and grooves like a maniac with a gun dancing.  The \\"radio\\" song (yeah right), Black Bubblegum, is a fun song with a great rhythm.  Sick On Sunday and When Acting as A Particle both are pretty successful tries at experimenting (though when Greg suddenly screams in the formal, it's an absolute hoot, and that's in a bad way).  Nong Eye Gong is another fast song to keep up the momentum, and the album pretty much goes like that.  Needless to say, it rips and is exhilarating, what else is there?<br /><br />A must listen for anyone who likes DEP.<br /><br />8.0/10ike that.  Needless to say, it rips and is exhilarating, what else is there?    A must listen for anyone who likes DEP.    8.0/10
B000MG1ZFQ|3.0|3 1/2    Regarded by some as their worst, TSP is indeed plagued with over-orchestrations and Morrison at his most indulgent, leading to its share of embarrassing moments. But it still absolutely cannot be dismissed. Some of the gruffer, shallowly composed songs may fall flat, but when the group attunes the big-band influences properly they still manage to land a handful of tracks that had that elusive immortal factor so much of their best work inhabited.
0399226907|5.0|Nothing to say new or much about this classic book. Even the youngest child can be attracted to this book. Our very very young son giggles when we reach the colorful Monday to Saturday pages. All the different colors stand out, and the story brings back memories. It is something that every home should have. After two kids and reading it countless times, it is still fun to read it, and thus you won't get tired of reading it for your kids.
1594481717|1.0|The chapter on abundance,asia,and xxx was actually somewhat confused but Insightful. The left brain right brain discusions were old hat. But his contention that Right brain cognitative processes are the salvation of the western world is so far beyond left feld(in foul territory) that only Gore would believe.\\"Left brained\\", word based thought is what seperates humans from aninimals. It also led to western civilization, including the age of reason, the industrial revolution, modern agriarian reform,Information technology, Democracy, Motherhood, the atom bomb and the pursuit of Hapiness. What this country needs is more and better left brainers. smoke if you like.
031606792X|5.0|I started Twilight shortly before Breaking Dawn came out. I was only mildly curious, but once I started reading, I found that I liked the book a lot better than I thought I would. In fact, I found the story so addictive that once I was done with Twilight, I felt compelled to read all the books in the series, one after the other, over the past month or so. I finally finished Breaking Dawn yesterday, and I loved it. I wish there was more!     The books weren't free of imperfections, but I didn't care too much, since the story was interesting, the author made me care about the characters, and I loved the passionate love scenes between Edward and Bella. I've always enjoyed vampire stories (Dark Shadows, Anne Rice, the Kindred, Buffy...) and this was a good addition to the genre.    I'd like to comment on some of the more negative reviews of Breaking Dawn. First of all, I am puzzled as to why anyone would take the time to finish such a long book if they thought it was so bad. Even more incomprehensible is why anyone would read all 4 books, which add up to something like 2400 pages, before concluding bitterly that the entire series sucked.    Are the reviewers right in warning that the book sending the wrong message to impressionable young women: that all you need is a man and you don't have to have anything else going on in your life? Well, it is true that Bella feels like she can't live without Edward, but he would be equally lost without her. (Remember what he does in New Moon?) I can see saying that 18 or 19 is too young to get married and have a baby, but I find it annoying when a reviewer is aghast that Bella is enjoying sex. Bella is an adult, you know. Were you completely celibate at age 18 or 19? I doubt it. I also think that in the fourth book, Bella is not powerless. She's gone from being a clumsy klutz to being fast, graceful, and able to use her powers to help not only herself, but many others as well.    So anyway, I liked the book, and the whole series. I recommend it, not as a prescription for how you should live your life (which I don't believe it is fiction's job to do anyway) but as an enjoyable fantasy.
0374531269|5.0|I loved this book.  The author gives a very vivid description of his experiences in war.  It was a big reminder of the consequences of war and terrorism.  The last half of the book was a little slow and didnt keep my interest as much as the first half.
031606792X|2.0|I began reading this series a few weeks ago and I was very intrigued by the plot. By the time I got to this book, the series had left a bad taste in my mouth. I originally liked the character Bella. But, after mishap after mishap and Bella becoming the stereotypical damsel in distress, I began to get really bored with her character. I also did not like the way Bella and Edward \\"fell in love.\\" There was no love to be found. They did not have a foundation to build their love on. They simply became infatuated with one another. Meyer also introduced predictable and often unbelieveable plot twists. Just because its fantasy, does not mean that it should not make sense. This book portreyed Bella as too much of the femisist ideal; weak, faint, brokenhearted, etc..., and Edward was the male ideal; strong, fast, handsome, and dominant. Also, I became extremely tired of Bella going on and on and on about how beautiful Edward is. There seemed to be little else she liked about Edward, other than the fact that he is beautiful and she is \\"drawn\\" to him. I did like that Bella and Edward did not have sex until they were married. If there is any good message in this book, it would be that individuals should abstain from sex until marriage.
B00140PK6O|5.0|This is an exceptional series, one that any Jane Austen fan should see.  We liked it so much, it was too hard to let it end, so we bought the original book.
0812932293|5.0|The book is really captivating. It was interesting to observe that Mr. Branson always looked at the business side of things from an early age.He never relied on elaborate numbers that consulting firms project in feasibility studies nowadays. Business calculations were surely done but there weren't any obscure or abstract business theories that consulting companies dress normal business decision-making with.     The role of banking relationship came to light in this book. One would observe that Mr.Branson had close relationship with banks and they played a major role in all of the business expansion, no matter how risky. Any enrepreneur should take note that close connections with the lending agency (whether it is a bank or venture capital or PE firm) is most important. It is the lifeline for the business, as the book would show.
1400079179|4.0|Dan Brown's popular, best selling novel, The Da Vinci Code, introduces the Harvard symbologist Robert Langdon who is suspected by Parisian police to have murdered the head curator of the Louvre. The curator is shot dead inside the museum, trapped inside one of the locked down rooms, and appears to have scrawled a message in ultraviolet ink next his own body. The message points to Robert Langdon and the Paris agent, Captain Bezu Fache, is dead set on arresting Langdon.<br /><br />Sophie Nevue is a Paris cryptologist with the police force who receives a copy of the coded message left by the curator, who, in actuality, is her grandfather. She sees meaning in the message and immediately shows up on the crime scene to assist, though not in the obvious manner. She helps Langdon escape from the Captain and together they travel across France and Great Britain piecing together the tiny clues that end up guiding them on an epic quest to solve the curator's murder and ultimately uncover a two thousand year old secret; a secret that has been the cause of hundreds of years of war and bloodshed, kept hidden by a secret brotherhood.<br /><br />The Da Vinci Code is a gripping story that moves from one puzzle to the next with surprising depth and reality. Amazingly enough Dan Brown creates a story that is not so entirely focused on characterization but keeps the reader's interest throughout the entire book. There is character development but it is not central to the story. Purely plot driven, this story takes you on a trip through the crusades to renaissance to the modern era easily with little awareness of time.<br /><br />This story is well told, contains solid description, and is rife with historic and fictional details enough to almost convince you of this book being a true historic account. Truly a fictional tale it is told with a practical cadence that is undeniably compelling. The religious subject matter an obvious bone of contention for Christian believers that justifies the publicity the book has earned over the last couple years.<br /><br />Over all, this is a very fast and entertaining book to indulge in, providing a thought provoking idea based in part on some truth, as the most believable lies can be. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an action novel with a twist and likes to follow deeply meaningful puzzles throughout a book. Definitely not one to put down.s earned over the last couple years.    Over all, this is a very fast and entertaining book to indulge in, providing a thought provoking idea based in part on some truth, as the most believable lies can be. I recommend this book to anyone who enjoys an action novel with a twist and likes to follow deeply meaningful puzzles throughout a book. Definitely not one to put down.
0399226907|5.0|Got this book (in paperback) as a gift for my son and he loves it so much he has destroyed it from looking at the pages...over and over again!  I am buying it in Board Book format this time so it is sure to survive.
B000002KON|5.0|Some thirty-nine years after it's original release, Arthur still resonates as an intelligent and insightful concept album.  Unlike The Who's Tommy (released the same year), this album tracks what some may consider more mundane matters but I believe it is as compelling (if not more so) as Tommy. Each track shines and the album flows beautifully.      This rock album does not address the concerns of adolescence.  Instead, it's about the sense of melancholy of growing older (wiser?.  Arthur is not without its sense of whimsy and fun--it has whimsical moments.  Mostly, however, it is a passionately performed exposition about growing older and realizing that life has not quite turned out as one might have expected.  Coming to terms with the reality of one's life also figures as a theme here.  No other track on this album unifies these themes as masterfully as Shangri-La which is probably one of the best rock songs ever composed.
0141439831|4.0|This review concerns the Penguin edition. I'd like to agree with the previous reviewer and add to what she says. Not only are the notes at the back of the book, so you have to leaf back and forth to read them -- and not only are they referenced by chapter number rather than page number -- they also not infrequently simply send you to another note (as in, \\"see chapter 2, note 10\\" or some such). Reading the notes thus becomes a time-consuming scavenger hunt. That is so frustrating because there are a lot of time-specific artifacts and historical events that require footnoting in \\"Vanity Fair,\\" but after a while I just gave up on the notes.<br /><br />On the other hand, the introduction to this Penguin is great. It provides a philosophical and biographical context, and reveals the editor's intelligent appreciation of Thackeray. He is warmly appreciative of Thackeray's cynical virtues and hard on his author where he devolves into stereotypes. Once again, however, like the notes, the introduction, are misplaced. As the editor tells you, it is to be read after the book is completed, as it reveals details of the plot that ruin the novel's suspense. Why not then make it an \\"Afterword\\"?<br /><br />In short, Penguin goes a long way toward ruining a classic novel with its awkward apparatus in this book. Read \\"Vanity Fair,\\" but don't read it in the Penguin.
0385340567|5.0|I read a few Lee Child book in hungarian language, but I wanted to use my english in some way, so a I tried reading english with this new novel. It was suprisingly easy to understand, thanks to the style of the author, and the style of the \\"hero\\" Jack Reacher. I suggest these books for other people, who want to practice the language.    The story is a typical Reacher adventure, he is traveling through the USA, when he has to stop in the hostile town of Despair. The local people, the police, the judge and the deputies treat him as a vagrant. They take him back to the city border, menacing him with jail if he returns. This threat, attitude is against his principles, so he goes back to Despair, to look after the town's strange secrets...    It's a good novel, read it!:)    Hatom
0060512806|5.0|Alan Turing, Enigma, the assassination of Admiral Yamamoto and last but not least, the proper way to eat Cap'n Crunch. What more could you want?    That's just the side stories not the main plot.    This sprawling book was a page-turner and is properly deserving of its Cult status.
0375842209|5.0|This book was much better than I thought it would be. It was recommended to me by my daughter and we don't normally agree on books. After reading the first couple of chapters I still couldn't decide if I wanted to keep with it or not; but after a couple of more I couldn't put it down. It provides the reader with a different perspective than is normally published on the German people during WW II. If you have any interest in that time period you won't be disappointed in The Book Thief.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|My opinion, very briefly, this is a CD that you can listen to in a car with parents and teens/preteens for a one hour ride and not be ready to jump out the window.  Everyone can find something about it to like without being offended by words/lyrics that are degrading, mean, threatening, sarcastic, rude, or otherwise negative.    It is a CD you could safely give as a gift to a young person without offending them or their parents with unexpected lyrics or innuendos.
B000TLMWMY|5.0|A very well put together digest of two years of shows. The thread linking the appearances ie the man himself Johnny Cash and the anecdotes from his life complement the music and the type of guest. An excellent piece of entertainment.
0199535531|3.0|In a popularity poll of Jane Austen's six major novels, Mansfield Park may come close to the bottom, but what a distinction that is in comparison to the rest of classic literature! Even though many find fault with its hero and heroine, its love story (or more accurately the lack of one), its dark subtext of abuse, neglect and oppression, and its overly moralistic tone, it is still Jane Austen; with her beautiful language, witty social observations and intriguing plot lines. Given the overruling benefits, I can still place it in my top ten all-time favorite classic books.<br /><br />Considering the difficulty that some readers have understanding Mansfield Park, the added benefit of good supplemental material is an even more important consideration in purchasing the novel. Recently I evaluated several editions of the novel currently in print which you can view here. For readers seeking a medium level of supplemental material, one solid candidate is the new reissue of Oxford World's Classics (2008) which offers a useful combination of topics to expand on the text, place it in context to when it was written, and an insightful introduction by Jane Stabler, a Senior Lecturer in English at the University of Dundee, Scotland and Lord Byron scholar.<br /><br />Understanding all the important nuances and inner-meanings in Mansfield Park can be akin to `visiting Pemberley', the extensive estate of the wealthy Mr. Darcy in Jane Austen's more famous novel Pride and Prejudice. One is intrigued by its renown but hard pressed to take it all in on short acquaintance. The greatest benefit of the Oxford World's Classics edition to the reader who seeks clarification is Jan Stabler's thirty page introduction which is thoughtfully broken down into six sub categories by theme; The Politics of Home, Actors and Audiences, The Drama of Conscience, Stagecraft and Psychology, Possession, Restoration and Rebellion, and Disorder and Dynamism. Written at a level accessible to the novice and veteran alike, I particularly appreciate this type of thematic format when I am seeking an answer or explanation on one subject and do not have the time to wade through the entire essay at that moment. Her concluding lines seemed to sum up my recent feelings on the novel.<br /><br />\\"The brisk restoration of order at Mansfield Park and healing of the breach between parent and child is underwritten by the same doubt that lingers around the last scene of Shakespeare's King Lear: `Is this the promis'd end? (v. iii 262). Recreating the urge to defy parental authority while teaching us to sit still, and pitting unruly energy against patient submission to the rule of law, Mansfield Park is an enthralling performance of the competitive forces which governed early nineteenth-century politics, society and art.\\"<br /><br />For me, Mansfield Park is about Jane Austen teaching this unruly child to sit still and enjoy the performance! With patience, I have come to cherish Fanny Price, the most virtuous and under-rated heroine in classic literature! Re-reading the novel and supplemental material was well worth the extra effort, expanding my appreciation of Austen's skills as a story teller and the understanding of the social workings in rural Regency England. I am never disappointed in her delivery of great quips such as<br /><br />\\"But there certainly are not so many men of large fortune in the world as there are pretty women to deserve them.\\" The Narrator, Chapter 1<br /><br />Also included in this edition are four appendixes; the first two on Rank and Social Status and Dancing which are included in all six of the Oxford World's Classics Jane Austen editions and have been previously reviewed, followed by; Lovers' Vows (the theatrical that the young people attempt to produce in the novel), and Austen and the Navy which helps the reader understand Jane Austen's connection to the Royal Navy through her brothers James and Francis and its influence on her writing. The extensive Explanatory Notes to the text help place the novel in context for the modern reader while offering helpful and insightful nuggets of Regency information.<br /><br />Mansfield Park may have the dubious distinction of being Jane Austen's most challenging novel, but I have come to appreciate her characters and plot by better understanding of the subtext through supplemental material and further re-readings of the novel. It is now one of my favorite Austen novels. Readers who hesitate to read Mansfield Park because of the `bad rap' that it has received over the years are reminded of heroine Fanny Price's excellent observation to the unprincipled character Henry Crawford, \\"We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be\\". The Oxford World's Classics Mansfield Park is certainly a fine edition to help you discover your own better inner-guide to the novel!<br /><br />Laurel Ann, Austenprosery Notes to the text help place the novel in context for the modern reader while offering helpful and insightful nuggets of Regency information.<br /><br />Mansfield Park may have the dubious distinction of being Jane Austen's most challenging novel, but I have come to appreciate her characters and plot by better understanding of the subtext through supplemental material and further re-readings of the novel. It is now one of my favorite Austen novels. Readers who hesitate to read Mansfield Park because of the `bad rap' that it has received over the years are reminded of heroine Fanny Price's excellent observation to the unprincipled character Henry Crawford, \\"We have all a better guide in ourselves, if we would attend to it, than any other person can be\\". The Oxford World's Classics Mansfield Park is certainly a fine edition to help you discover your own better inner-guide to the novel!<br /><br />Laurel Ann, Austenprose
B001E780W8|4.0|I've seen that a lot of people (not just here) ripping on this album. Sure, it's not their best, and they've seemed to strayed from their more original sound, but that doesn't mean this album blows. It might not be very \\"original\\" anymore, but it's still a good listen. I mean, you can preview all the tracks, so you decide.
B000002UAX|5.0|Originally release as a double lp, the \\"White Album\\" isn't only colossal in size but also in scope. Only the beatles could release such a work of beauty and turmoil. The artistic counterbalance of Lennon's \\"Julia\\" and McCartney's \\"Helter Skelter\\" define the sound throughout.<br /><br />All at once the  \\"White Album\\" perplexes and sparks debate with musical tenderness, imagery,  metaphorical lyrics,  dissonant interludes, and primal anger . Remember that not all great art is perfect, and the best art makes the (in this case), listener think and ask questions. The album was made during the bleakest period of their personal and artistic lives, and the disillusion of the group and its individual members can be heard on even the most lighthearted songs.<br /><br />A classic in any century!
031606792X|5.0|My wife loved these books, so she read them to me and I actually loved them! Breaking Dawn was a great way to end the series (although I have to admit that it would be interesting to see what happens next if there ever was a 5th book!)
0061537934|4.0|A dog who watches tv and watches over family, a dog who tells of his six favorite actors, a dog who believes he will come back as a man, and dog who tells it as it is.  These perspectives from the dog narrator pawed at my heart.  As a dog owner/lover, I related to the feelings and insights conveyed. Stein/Enzo (the dog) captures the reader and barks twice (to go faster). I cried and laughed and cried some more.   The storyline is not unique, but the point of view and organization are.   Having the plot intertwined with racing skills, techniques and references is genius and the title, most appropriate.
B000XSWVEC|5.0|The DVD arrived on time and in excellent condition.  It's almost impossible to find this DVD at most video stores and when I did find it, the price was more than I ended up paying through amazon.com.  I would definitely purchase from the seller again.
0930289234|5.0|This graphic novel is the best of its kind. The story line and illustrations are beautifully merged to create one very entertaining work of literature. I can't wait till the movie comes out...hopefully it will represent this graphic novel well.
0789318121|4.0|It galls me that they have yet to put out many books based on \\"The Dark Knight\\" as there were several with \\"Batman Begins\\", hopefully that will change. I put off ordering this book several weeks because I feared it had little content I found interesting, but it surprised me. It had more good photos from the film than I thought it would. The script is nicely laid out with small photos from the film on the sides of many of the pages. If you are a TDK fan I think you will love this book, yet it leaves you thirsty for more. Now if we can only get them to release a visual guide as they did with \\"Batman Begins\\"
B001BGTWXI|4.0|Wow, you know I love how you get reviews that do nothing but offer conjecture and poorly written content that tells you zero about what it is that is truly wrong with an album.     I am amazed at the so-called Maggots who run from this multi-faceted and extremely talented band because they decided to try something different. I admit at first I was a member of the WTF club; I was expecting more of Psychosocial and previous work; but the more I listen to the album the more I am totally convinced that these guys are genius musicians. Subliminal Verses (Best Knot yet) was the writing on the wall that these guys were going to take their music to a different place. I agree that this album sounds a little more commercial but I can understand why they did it; not saying that I necessarily agree but I dont think it is a bad move. All bands with staying power have to try different sounds and options to keep their music fresh and alive and the Knot is no different; reminds me of KISS and all the flak they got for Beth and Hard Luck Woman (two of their greatest songs ever) and fans still love em and yeah they put out some crappy records but hey its their music and if a true fan is a true fan you will cut a band some slack and try to understand their motivations. If not, get lost and leave room for the real Maggots who appreciate what this band is trying to do.    I gave this a 4 stars because though I appreciate the different direction and have come to enjoy the album; I feel the band wasnt as forthright with the fans on how commercial this album was going to sound; for all you out there who cal this a Stone Sour album sorry guys Stone only has 2 out of these 9. Some notable tracks are of course Psychosocial-good ole Knot, Butchers Hook-same, Gehenna-dark and eerie, Snuff-hey liked the dark ballad.
B000RF7XYO|5.0|For those keeping up wtih the history of England this is a must have for Anglofiles. Cate Blanchett does a wonderful job (as did Helen Mirren) portraying young Queen Elizabeth.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|My children love this cd.  They are big Jonas fans.  I recieved the product the day after it went on sale in the store.  Later, I recieved a 2.00 credit because the price was cheaper than they thought and Amazon has a low price guarantee.  Wow!  That was a nice surprise.
B000ZOXDFA|5.0|For those of you who have purchased Elizabeth starring Cate Blanchett this will be a wonderful addition to your library. Many new faces and Clive Owen does a fantastic job as Sir Walter Raleigh. A must-own for any Anglofile.
B00154GEFU|4.0|There seems to be an awful lot of love it/hate it reviews for this album. Perhaps it is related to the hype. Perhaps it is related to all the expectations that listeners bring to this album. I would like to propose a slightly different view of this album.    I purchased this album with some trepidation. Namely, recent history is littered with \\"great come-back/reunion albums\\" from groups of the 70s and 80s that were anything but. Based purely on the statistics, the odds were against this being a good album from the out-set.    As it turns out, I have been pleasantly surprised with this album. However, it did not start out that way. I am a fan of Asia and Alpha and, to a lesser degree, Aqua. If you bring that predisposition to this album, it will likely disappoint, at least initially. That is unfortunate as it is a good album on its own merits.    This album has never left me feeling \\"overwhelmed\\" or \\"greatly impressed\\". However, what it has done better than almost any album I have listened to is leave me feeling...for a lack of better words, pleasant. Listening to this album leaves you feeling like you just spent a great afternoon getting caught up with a good friend you hadn't seen in 20+ years but found out you still consider a good friend!    In a general sense, the music in this album plays very much like a summary of everything that has the name Asia attached to it.(both good and not so good) From a production standpoint, there does not seem to be any effort by Asia to make the music \\"sound like\\" the '80s. Production is first rate and up-to-date. In fact, it leaves me wondering/dreaming what the first two albums might sound like if they went back into the studio and re-recorded them with today's technology.     There are some very good songs on Phoenix, as well as a couple that I usually skip over.    The opener, Never Again, feels like it could have been the next track on their first album or Alpha. From there, the album lags and struggles some. Of tracks 2 - 7, I will say this. None, except possibly Sleeping Giant/No Way Back, really delivers anything new nor anything resembling a good reprise, unless you are a big fan of, say Astra. Even then these songs would have struggled to make that album. For these songs especially, the biggest issue I have are the transitions. The musical transitions are often forced or seem completely out of place. It leaves these songs feeling somewhat disjointed or unfinished.    However, this album changes notably beginning on track 8. This track, Parallel Worlds/Vortex/Deya, is easily the best track on the album and a true Asia gem! It is very haunting, very engaging. I don't recall ever hearing Palmer's drums sound so impressive while still belonging in a song. The melody is true Asia, Wetton's voice is true to form, Howe's playing is tight, and the song(s) is/are just perfect. This song feels like it could fit on any of the group's better albums. It reminds me of what I appreciate the most about the Aqua album.    Tracks 9 - 12 all harken back to the best of what this group offered up over the years, while still being original. Track 9, Wish I'd Known All Along, is an impressive piece. This track almost sounds like a song that could be from a late 70s Genesis album with Tony Banks flying all over the keys, only with Wetton and Co. singing vocals.(To reviewer complaining about a lack of keyboards - You've got to be kidding! Listen to the entire album before writing a review!)     Track 12, An Extraordinary Life, is the most positive song I have ever heard from Asia and is a perfect ending for the album. Tracks 8 - 12 leave one thinking/hoping that this album marks a musical turning point for the band rather than the epilog to their career as a band.    Needless to say, this album takes some patience to get to know and appreciate. Given that time, you may never be impressed, but you are likely to become comfortable with it in routine play.
B000B7QCKE|5.0|Yanni presented this magnificent piece of stage performance with so much energy and trilled the audience track after the track. I purchased this DVD soon after the release but even today when you listen; you will feel like the music is new.<br /><br />Most magnificent tracks which I like are<br /><br />Until the Last Moment<br />Nostalgia<br />Reflections of Passion<br /><br />Recommended you to buy if you are orchestra type music fan.
B00005B1W5|5.0|This is one of the DVD's which I used to listed very often. May be in a relaxed evening, busy times, while driving, and the music refreshes you all the time. Title after title, more and more you listen further you get loved and impressed by the manner the music is presented.<br /><br />Lovely piece of work !!! Recommended for musical lovers to buy.
0807014265|5.0|Just in case, if one wants to ascertain the level of endurance human beings possess, he needs to go no further than read through the experiences at concentration camps as recalled by a survivor - Viktor Frankl - in this book.     And considering that a will to survive does not manifest only in situations where life is at stake, physically, but at various stages in life, where even smallest of problems can seem mammoth and wreck havoc in making life miserable at psychological level, the lessons contained in this book have vast practical applications, when it comes to understanding our survival instinct.     The basic principle which differentiates a survivor from a loser is well highlighted by the following quote, which is often cited by the author in the book - 'The one who has a why to live can bear almost any how.'    I would highly recommend this book and would suggest re-reading it a few times because it would better enable on to grasp and internalize the importance of the subject addressed in this book and appreciate the viewpoint of the author.
1401207529|5.0|Frank Miller hits the nail on the head with Year One. This is the way Batman is supposed to be...this is the true Dark Knight...Kudos to Miller for his intriguing tale.
B00003CXC6|4.0|Everytime I watch \\"Rashomon,\\" I'm reminded of the problem of the synoptic gospels.  How can three accounts of the same person differ so much in detail?  And do the differences between them render them false?<br /><br />It seems to me that Kurosawa invites viewers to reflect on memory, narrative, and accuracy in this gripping synoptic account of the murder of a husband and the rape of his wife.  That the two crimes took place is indisputable.  But the four witnesses to them--a woodcutter, the wife, the criminal, and the victim (through a medium) all famously give different accounts of them.  Kurosawa deliberately leaves the viewer in suspense as to the \\"correct\\" account.  Accuracy isn't what's important here so much as the four different narratives and the psychological reasons why the four witnesses experienced the same event so differently.  If there was ever a compelling argument against taking eye-witness reports literally, this is it.<br /><br />And yet truth emerges from the four accounts, as from the three synoptic gospels.  It's not literal truth, but is what might be called existential truth.  We learn something valuable about the way in which memory reconstructs events and about human passions, fears, hopes, and yearning.<br /><br />So much has been said about Kazuo Miyagawa's cinematography here and elsewhere that I've nothing to add.  It's really genius the way he manages to capture the dappled light of the forest, and his ability to switch back and forth between the faces of the witnesses without in any way blocking the story's flow is admirable.  The acting, while a bit overblown in places for western tastes (particularly Toshiro Mifune's portrayal of the criminal), isn't bad at all.<br /><br />The Criterion edition is, as usual, nicely transferred.  Robert Altman's accompanying video commentary on the film is worse than useless--rambling, full of platitudes, repetitive.  But the accompanying booklet is well-written and informative.
0684867621|1.0|i have found nothing but praise for this book in the reviews i sought out after wasting my time finishing this book, looking forward to reading common discontent views on this, the biggest let down i have read in some time from an author i had grown to appreciate. have read in other reviews about the suspense created in this book and was thrown back at others' mention of horror! this is not horror to put it plain and to the point. this book is about a lost (and very exaggerated) nine year old walking through the woods near canada somewhere. that is it. so she just keeps walking, of course stumbling in and through to the very poor to life threatening natural conditions which are obvious, expected and unremarkable as a whole. several times it seems as though King forgets that this girl is nine as he writes her, based on my comparison to my nine year old daughter and the girlfriends she has stay over. initially i am under the notion that this is going to be a 'bug horror' type story when trisha is accosted by several winged insects at the beginning of her journey. that passes as she makes her way into a swamp where you would think there is going to be a peak of an overwhelming infestation but instead is where the insect theory is stunted by decreasing mention of that particular problem. the 'creature' that follows her loosely through the story is sparsely mentioned at all and when King actually bothers, the lack of details is discouraging and vague, not the suspense creating vague either, the 'should i even make note of that' vague. i about threw the book across the room on page 170 (which i bookmarked after overcoming that urge) where the chapter closes up with the bold statement that pretty much nothing of interest is in this books near future and there is no distant future when you are over two thirds of your way through the book. i have not reviewed books before being inspired by this book to take time to vent about my discontent with this book. i honestly am not a nay-sayer by any means and really am normally pretty happy just being able to have time to read anything. perhaps i simply expected more from this book because it was written by king and i had great previous experiences reading his larger novels.nay-sayer by any means and really am normally pretty happy just being able to have time to read anything. perhaps i simply expected more from this book because it was written by king and i had great previous experiences reading his larger novels.
B000N3T0DW|4.0|I wouldn't exactly call myself a fan of Almodovar's films, but I usually do enjoy watching them.  My ambivalence towards him stems from the fact that, on the one hand, his movies tend to be messy works that try to do way too much.  It's as if Almodovar is so bursting with creative energy and ideas that he just can't discipline himself to do one movie at a time, and instead tries to cram three or four into one.  But, on the other hand, if one focuses on the scenes in each of the movies instead of the whole film, Almodovar's genius is sometimes breathtaking.  Beautiful cinematography, wonderful scripts, superb acting.  So my modus operandi for watching Almodovar these days is appreciating the scenes and forgetting about the coherency of the movie.<br /><br />Volver is a mess, but a beautiful one.  In an accompanying interview, Almodovar himself somewhat incredibly says that the film is about death: \\"it is precisely about death...More than about death itself, the screenplay talks about the rich culture that surrounds death in the region of La Mancha, where I was born. It is about the way (not tragic at all) in which various female characters, of different generations, deal with this culture.\\"  Most viewers, I suspect, won't have picked up on this, because, typically, death is only one of several themes.  Others include mother-daughter relationships, incest, sexual abuse, friendship, and independent women.  But forget all that, and focus on the scenes.  The opening one of La Mancha women cleaning gravestones is one of the best to be found in an Almodovar film.  Equally brilliant are the restaurant scenes.  The final ones, in which Maura and Raimunda discuss the horrible family secret, truly mars the entire film.  The secret has an incredible ring of falsity, and saps authenticity from what's gone before it.<br /><br />Generally, the acting in \\"Volver\\" is superb.  But for my money, the laurel goes to Lola Duenas for her portrayal of sister Sole.
B000JIHP88|4.0|I just got this product and I have used it only once. As a matter of fact I am able to write this and eat at the same time while my 2 month old is entertained by this product.
B000V86OKG|5.0|A friend of mine loaned me Season 1 on DVD. I spent a weekend holed up like an addict that just discovered crack. That was back in February. I couldn't wait for August when I finally got my hot little hands on Season 2. I really appreciate that Dexter is not too graphic like Nip/Tuck. That show makes me want to vomit. Dexter is bloody but discreetly so. I really appreciate that. A couple of people told me Season 2 is even better than one but I didn't believe them. They were right. I've had Season 2 for a week and I've watched it twice. I will admit that the Special Features are very thin, and it's only 12 episodes in one season, but I also just realized that they film this show in my home town: Long Beach, CA! Yay! I didn't notice this in Season 1. Last week CSI Miami filmed right outside my office. If I had a water balloon I would have thrown it at David Caruso. Why can't they film Dexter outside my window?
0385736002|5.0|I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys fantasy based on myth and legend. The story involves present-day 15-year-old boy-and-girl twins, Josh and Sophie, who suddenly find out that they are the only ones who can save the world as we know it; Nicholas and Perenelle Flamel (familiar to those of you who've read \\"Harry Potter and the Philosopher's/Sorcerer's Stone\\"); Dr. John Dee, the chief villain; and an enormous contingent of characters from myth and folklore who, it turns out, are real (the Morrigan, Hekate, Bastet, the Witch of Endor, vampires, werewolves, et al.).<br /><br />Nicholas Flamel has long had possession of the powerful Book of Abraham, or the Codex, which contains mystical secrets that have kept the Flamels alive since the 14th century. John Dee is the leader of the evil forces who steal the Codex. If it is not retrieved from them, our familiar world will be destroyed, and humans will be enslaved or used as a food source. This is the first installment of a riveting tale, written by an Irish authority on mythology and folklore, that will appeal to both kids and grown-ups.
0375703764|1.0|There are two stories presented in this book. Only one of them is interesting. The author's sister's album \\"Haunted\\" is amazingly good, which made it all the more mystifying why this book annoyed me so much. I only finished it out of spite.
031606792X|5.0|This is the perfect almost wrap up of one of the best modern fairytales. The characters are well written and very human.  Bella has a strong moral cumpass that doesn't fail her even in the murkiest situations.  It is all about love of family and community and about doing what is best at all times.  It's great to read a book that is not pessimistic!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  The underlying romance is an added joy.
B000TSJU0E|5.0|I loved ZZ Top before this album came out in 1983 and the music here only made me love the band more. The music is wonderful (Sharp Dressed Man, Gimme All Your Lovin', Got Me Under Pressure, Legs, I Need You Tonight, TV Dinners etc.). The band rips, Billy Gibbons in particular. The sound on this release is great.    I remember watching this videos back then and seeing them again makes me smile. Classic videos, which if you were alive and watching any type of video music back then you saw over and over. I enjoyed watching the videos again this evening. A guilty pleasure if you know what I mean.     The car is in the rock and roll hall of fame, the record sold over 10 million copies and the videos won awards. How many releases have that kind of effect?    The concert footage is fun to watch as well. If you don't own this, or are a big fan of this CD or the band - you should seriously consider purchasing this.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|Loved this movie as a kids and wanted it for my kids. They loved it too.
B001B71NPC|5.0|Being a NIN fan, this was an obvious buy. Also the fact that I like to kick back and listen to my vinyl's. Awesome stuff.
B000A5044C|5.0|It is no surprise that the greatest contemporary movies no longer originate from the U.S.  Perhaps it's because most American filmmakers play it safe using recycled characters and plots because they are trying to please the studios. It's about big business which is why so many films seem like they were made on an assembly line. They're cost-efficient (supposedly), predictable, and indistinguishable from each other.    That's why a quiet little masterpiece like director Kore-Eda Hirokazu's \\"Nobody Knows\\" could never be made in the United States.  It would be too \\"risky\\" of an investment since there are no big stars.  And the movie is preoccupied with the mundane tasks of everyday survival. There is no miraculous happy ending, nor are there any scenes loaded with special effects.    That is the reason that this movie is so powerful, even devastating. It is about the realities that everyone of us face- the daily struggle to provide adequate food and shelter for our families, to pay the bills, and to protect our loved ones from harm.   In \\"Nobody Knows\\" these basic necessities become ever out of reach because they must be fulfilled by four young children with little or no help from adults.     The movie takes its time in documenting the almost unimaginable challenges that these innocent kids face because their parents have abandoned them.  The adults that they do interact with are limited in the amount of help that they can offer. The movie is also a profound indictment of a rigidly structured and intolerant Japanese society where illegitimacy is treated as something so shameful that no one is supposed to know that illegitamite children even exist.     Director Hirokazu never preaches nor overdramatizes the children's plight.  The children just do what they must do in order to survive.  The film is replete with remarkable naturalist acting especially from the film's youngest performers. They seem real enough to be your next-door neighbors.  And even in desperation, these brave children somehow manage to find simple joy and beauty in their harsh environment which makes their misfortunes almost unbearable to witness.    \\"Nobody Knows\\" is a masterpiece.  It is a deliberately paced, contemplative study of the struggle to live when tragedy and hardship strike.  And it's a movie that you will not soon forget.
B00003CXDV|4.0|The film is great, but I wondered about the lack of usual Hollywood bad language found even in PG-rated films. Looking closer at the actors talking, I could see numerous occasions upon which the visual shows one thing, the audio says another. For example, in one scene, Weaver's character says, \\"Screw that!\\" although reading her lips, she obviously was saying \\"F**k that!\\". What gives? Great movie, but since when did it become a PBS production?
B0019EXZY4|5.0|Excellent movie a comedy mixed with drama and real events. Great cast headed by Jason Statham all likable villians.Well worth watching. I give it a 10 out of 10.
0312965788|5.0|I am thinking about buying this book, is it a good choice to buy it--or not?
0385340990|3.0|While I enjoyed this book and learning about the war years on Guernsey, the character development wasn't complete enough for me to fully enjoy the cast.  I had no sense, for instance, how old some of the people on the island were.  In addition, various relationships formed (without giving anything away) that didn't seem believable.  I won't be recommending this to my friends.
031606792X|2.0|I loved the twilight books, once i pick one up i can't put it down, but i was deeply disapointed in this book. This book makes it seem like marrying at 18, missing college, having children and giving up everything up seem like the perfect idea, and remember that she is still only a teen. I also thought that her attachment 2 edward was disturbing and innapropriate. And annoyingly enough, most of the first part wasa bout edward and bella having sex. This does not exactly send a positive message out to younger readers. you hva e to remember that 10 YEAR OLDS READ THIS BOOOK!!!! all in all i was very disapointed by the message this book sent, and all in al disapointed with the book.
0756404746|5.0|Man, I can't say enough good things about this book to do it justice.  So, I won't even try.    I picked it up after reading so many great reviews and I wasn't disappointed.  I couldn't put the book down.  I can't wait for the next book in the series.
B000OVLBGC|5.0|From the outset, the film artfully introduces all the characters and their respective roles in this story about five people during and after the fall of communism in the GDR.  It follows them in their daily lives as the protagonist changes his political perspective subsequent to his experiencing personally the effect of a totalitarian state on his friends, one being his intended wife. As he changes, another character changes similarly, though motivated by exercising, instead of experiencing, that same totalitarianism.  The ending, though arriving after a sad event, is satisfying and uplifting as it presents the goodness of people when they are free to demonstrate that human trait.  I suggest seeing it twice because there is some subtleness one might miss in the last third of the film.    I have some friends who came of age in the GDR during the time depicted in the film.  They had described to me events very similar to those depicted before I saw the movie, so I felt as though I was seeing their personal stories.    Highly recommended.
B001DDBCUU|5.0|i'll admit i was both parts nervous and excited when i heard about the sac movie coming out...after all im a HUGE fan of the hbo series...i think every woman kinda is or has to be...so i was either expecting to love this movie or HATE it...and i completely loved,loved,loved it!!!!! i saw it 3 times in theaters because it was that good and re-watchable just like the tv show...its got every element of the show...sex,comedy,a bit of drama,shopping...heehee...its great and i really hope that they come out with a 2nd one!!!!!!!!
0440241413|5.0|I am not big on shopping (I know some of you will be shocked to hear), but I LOVED this book! It's an easy read that keeps you entertained.    My sister had come to visit me in the States and could NOT put this book down. She would continually laugh out loud, while heartily recommending I read this book. I am a mum of two preschoolers and don't get much time to read, so I got a copy and decided to take it to the gym and read it while on the treadmill as I did my dreaded 30 minute walk. I ended up staying on the treadmill for 1 hour and didn't even realize it! I only got off because I had to pick up my daughters. The gym used to be a chore, but now I only allow myself to read the Shopaholic series when I go to the gym, as an incentive, I have been going religiously and stay on the treadmill for as long as I can! The book had me laughing out loud throughout, much to the annoyance of the serious `gym rat' puritans I'm sure....lol.    I have just finished Shopaholic Takes Manhattan (which was just as good) and will be starting on Shopaholic Ties the Knot at the gym tonight. As an added bonus I have lost 10lbs and reached my target weight, thanks to the help of Becky Bloomwood :). I don't know what I'm gong to do once I finish the series - my gym experience will certainly not be the same.
B0013D8LOU|5.0|i know all he did was direct it , like the genius he is....but i think if he ever wrote a musical this would translate the same. that being said this gothic , dark , spooky masterpiece of cinema is just AMAZING!! not only do u have steven sondheim's incredible lyrics and story and TIM BURTON himself directing and again working with mr.johnny depp...the gruesome two-some as i like to call them but you have helena bonham carter,alan rickman,sacha baron cohen!! to name a few playing these iconic characters! they all can sing like ive never heard them do and the soundtrack is soooo good....if u like gore and great music...GO BUY THIS MOVIE!!!
B00080ZG10|4.0|That plane crash was probably one of the most brutal scenes that I have ever seen.     The performances were all excellent. Leonardo Dicaprio gave a so far career best performance. When he is in the car covering his mouth as he said the same thing over and over, It was very impressive.    Blanchett gives the Hepburn in the movie life, energy, humor, depth, one of the best performances of 04. Beckinsale was also good. When she tears down the tape in the house, she serves the movie the way Blanchett does, though without as much depth, but still is excellent.    Alan Alda deserved his nomination. He is a good villain, but also one who is thinking about playing the Washington game. The whole chairman scene with Baldwin was a good entry for his character. Also with the Baldwin character-Citizen Kane did pop into my head. It was probably the set, but his powerful character doing what he can to tear down Hughes reminded me of CK.    The Aviator is one of the best movies of 04, even if it drags with the hearings, it provides for the set up for one of the more triumphant scenes with the flying of the Spruce Goose.
0060853972|4.0|Featuring the combined writing of two of fantasy's most revered authors, Good Omens had a lot to live up to. Luckily, their styles meshed very well together, providing a narrative that was both sarcastically witty and full of heart. Introducing us to two wonderful characters - an angel and a demon, both of whom are drawn up flawlessly - and a dozen other minor characters, Gaiman and Pratchett give us a humorous take on the apocalypse; an original and highly conceptualized feat that is not altogether perfect. Slow in parts, sometimes meandering to a fault, and images that become monotonous after they are used many times over, the novel is, essentially, a giant wink at pop culture and religion in the modern world. Satire is a strong word, and funny too soft. The authors found that lovely middle ground - a gentle, nudging poke. All of the characters are well formed; the characterization is quite developed. Just don't expect big battles or page-turning adventure...the meditations on good vs. evil, and the other themes of religion-based fiction round out the book to a fine conclusion.
B000W746GK|5.0|Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets is the type of movie that will be around forever. So far the two Harry Potter movies have been excellent movies in which spirit of the books by JK Rowling has been captured and expanded upon.     Chamber of Secrets is about Harry Potter's (Daniel Radcliffe) second year in Hogwarts School for Witchcraft and Wizardry and something is attacking the students. The fact that these students are of mixed parentage, one being a muggle(non-magical and the other being a witch or wizard) leads to a very unstable environment at Hogwarts.     Directed by Chris Columbus and written by Steve Kloves this movie packed with the details that Rowling weaves throughout her book. The score by John Williams is excellent and well suited to the movie. Roger Pratt's cinematography is amazing. There is flashback to an earlier time at Hogwarts by way of a magical Diary that is brilliantly lit and shot in a sepia tone that looks just like the color of old paper.     Kenneth Branagh gives a great performance that should have gotten more attention at award time. Jason Isaacs owns the role of the villainous Lucius Malfoy. His costuming and look are very well matched with that of Draco Malfoy, a nemesis of Harry's. Shirley Henderson as a ghost is also very good and steals her scenes. Returnees Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, Robbie Coltrane, and in particular the late Richard Harris as Dumbledore are very good. Christian Coulson does a good job as the mysterious Tom Riddle.    Daniel Radcliffe Emma Watson (Hermione) and Rupert Grint (Ron) are very good in this movie and have their characters down. Watson in particular is excellent.     Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets in an underrated movie that is a must see.
B00133KFGW|5.0|Once in a long while, you get a movie that's so unabashedly sentimental and sweet that you tell yourself it really shouldn't work but it does. In fact, it's so warm and fuzzy (read: unrealistic) that you scream at the cynical voice within to shut-up! \\"August Rush\\" is such a movie. Watched this on DVD late last night and loved every single frame of the movie. It's so good that if I could lick the movie, I would.    Evan Taylor (Freddie Highmore) is a musical prodigy who grows up in an orphanage believing that his parents are still alive. So he sets out on a quest to create music that will draw his parents to him. Along the way, he gets picked up by the \\"Wizard\\" (Robin Williams) who wants to exploit his musical talents for money. His parents are actually the famous concert cellist Lyla Novacek (Keri Russell) and Louis Connelly (Jonathan Rhys Meyers), an Irish guitarist and lead singer from a rock band. He's the result of a \\"one-night-stand\\" 11 years ago. Lyla's father lied to her that the baby had died when in truth, he sent him to an orphanage.    The entire movie feels so unreal that it's almost like a song, a concerto. It celebrates music as the ultimate wordless communication between us. It celebrates the harmony of the universe, the music of the spheres, the sounds of the winds and the rhythms of our heartbeats. Granted, it's not for everyone - certainly not for the cynic at heart. But for the rest of us, still looking for some beauty, some hope, some love, some solace, \\"August Rush\\" is a gem!
B000VWE5OY|3.0|Take a dash of Tom Cruise and teaspon of Mark Harmon and you get Dr. Jack Harkness.What starts off as a promising premise quickly turns into a an acting troupe governed but a zealous minion of Xenu. I hated the \\"upgrade\\" cyborg episode for its shoddy acting alone, but then felt even more shafted when Tash's character had her \\"emotional\\" character intro episode. Solutions seem all too easy for the Torchwood gang and their dirty little romps leave much to be desired.   [...]
B0000508U6|5.0|Once I listened to the Viva La Vida CD, I went back and purchased all of Coldplay's previous albums.  This is one truly awesome!
B000062Y98|5.0|[[ASIN:B000062Y98 A Night at the Opera]]  Here's how it is- And Then There Was Silence is by far the most awesome song in the world, this is 14 minutes of epic guardian at their best and not even boring for a second, this song is completely worth the 15 bucks.  All other songs are just frosting on the cake, plain and simple.    I hope this clears things up :)
B001BGTWXI|3.0|About half this album is quite strong, especially the masterpiece 'Psychosocial', but the other half is rather flat.  I have no problem with bands trying new avenues and mixing up their sound, but it still needs to be good.  Slipknot just isn't the band to be tinkering perhaps.  Maybe the side projects of certain members is influencing the band as a whole.  'Iowa' was so astounding that it will likely never be topped (although the first few tunes had me anxiously wondering).<br /><br />note:  I have been listening to all types of metal since 1986 and own close to 1000 albums, so I know a thing or two, and think I have the right to rate the album accordingly
B00005JMEW|5.0|I never really cared for action films nor did I cared for Quentin Tarantino until I saw this and other films he made. I enjoy watching this flim from begining to finish. I thought it could've done without the Anime cartoon but the rest of the movie was great and I can't believe we have to wait a decade or 2 for part 3!
6305090564|4.0|It is one of those movies... you watch it the first and wonder why you did... but the more you see it the more it grows on you.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|This movie was so much fun to watch. If you had a bad day, pop this movie in and enjoy the ride... I promise that you will feel better afterwards.    Reese Witherspoon in an interesting and different role as usually, Christina Ricci as the \\"adorable\\" Penelope and James McAvoy as the blue-eyed guy, every \\"Cinderella\\" would like to get...    Absolutely delightful and uplifting !
0670020745|1.0|This book drove me crazy.  I immediately took a dislike to the writer because of her tone and habit of unwittingly patronizing her readers.
B0017WI5VQ|5.0|I love this album.  I play it at work on the surround sound in my model home & it makes everything more beautiful.  Adele's voice is hauntingly lovely!
B000F8O2PG|5.0|I am a Stargate fan and I don't get enough of the Stargate SG-1 shows, so I have started buying them.  I enjoy them all.  This, season 6 thinpak, is just great. I was a little doubtful as to getting it because Daniel Jackson was not in it, but Jonas Quinn bought his own appeal to the show.  Very determine young man, especially when he was trying to get into the SG-1 team and Teal'c was sparing with him and Teal'c kept punching Jonas down but Jonas kept getting up as fast as he fell.  All the shows are great but then again I never have anything negative to say about this show.
B0000C83YJ|5.0|A must have for any fan!
B0000033IS|5.0|This debut album from Aretha Franklin probably ranks with the greatest pop albums of all time (and yes, that group includes Ray Charles, James Brown, Marvin Gaye, The Beatles, Elvis Presley, Barbra Striesand, Jimmi Hendryx, Janis Joplin, The Supremes, Elton John, Michael Jackson, Donna Summer, Whitney Houston, Tina Turner and Bruce Springsteen)!  From the scintillating \\"Respect\\" (a classic that successive, international generations will continue to rediscover and cherish long after the Queen of Soul is gone) to the heart-rending blues of both the title cut and \\"Drown in My Tears,\\" to the country-soul of \\"Do Right Woman, \\" the gospel-samba of \\"Don't Let Me Lose this Dream,\\" and the honky-tonk defiance of \\"Good Times,\\"  this album is an astonishing and surprisingly varied showcase of an artist who sang what she lived. Though she was once a phenomenal gospel singer, Franklin was also one of the hardest working secular singer--the only female singer in the 1960's who could match the wondrous power of Barbra Striesand.  As with Striesand, Aretha had an uncanny ability to immediately locate and communicate the (emotional) essence of just about any song, no matter how weak the material.  \\"I Never Loved a Man\\" contains no throw-away tracks or filler.  You can actually feel the grit, the soul, the gospel, the heartache in just about every track here. The legendary stories about her ability to bring hardened--even racist--Rednecks to tears (e.g. the infamous Muscle Shoals rhythm section, which is also featured prominently on this album) are no joke! Even if she had never made another album, \\"I Never Loved a Man\\" would have almost certainly sealed her fate as the Queen of Soul.  If you do not buy or listen to anything else of Aretha Franklin, this is the album to get. . .and keep very close to your heart!
B001DHXT2A|5.0|what a fantastic film.  a perfect combination of the original hulk comics, (hulk smash) and the television show we all know and love.  great fun, for the entire family!!  buy it!!
B00000K3D4|5.0|this is an  excellent and fantastic puppet filled film.  I enjoy it over and over and so does my family. thanks
1594489505|4.0|Wow, I didn't think this book would live up to it's predecessor - The Kite Runner ---- and it DID! Story setting is still the same, but the narrator is a girl. I can't believe I waited this long to buy it and read it!
0385486804|5.0|this is the story of chris mccandles.  candles inherits money, then lights it on fire out of principle.  he then travels the country excoriating people for not doing the same. in between stints working at mcdonalds, he ventures off into the wild with nothing but a gun and fishing pole.  after almost dying repeatedly, he decides alaska is the only wilderness tough enough for him.  he walks down a trail off the highway, wades across a stream, then starts writing a journal.  he gets hungry and decides to go back, but is blocked by the ice-melt swollen stream.  not realizing that getting upriver to a crossing point is now a matter of life or death, he goes back to his campground.  something very bad then happens to him and he can't get out.  the best parts of the book are the several chilling accounts of how seemingly innocuous mistakes cost some very tough people their lives all alone in the wilderness.  the author will make you feel like you're about to die, that's how well written it is.
B000006U44|5.0|i have been a kate bush fanatic since 83 so i dont know why it took me so long to get this cd. it must have been because i didnt have AMAZON.COM when i was amassing my cd collection. or i thought that the classics WUTHERING HEIGHTS and THE MAN WITH THE CHILD IN HIS EYES were enough for me on her compilation cd. but no, i was very wrong. and i am so very happy to have this. one of her most accomplished collections(a lot of her albums are not every song friendly) and for it being her very first at such a young age. oh my! i love it. i love her. only quibble- when are her cd's gonna get the remastered treatment?
B000RPTQ1C|4.0|I have been listening to Coldplay for some time now. They have grown well as a band. The lyrics found in this third album show great emotion. It is evident that there is still talent out there amidst a world filled with popcorn and bubblegum songs. Keep up the good work!
B0002IQEHI|5.0|This 1959 Alfred Hitchcock film was the fourth and last \\"spy\\" film that he did with Cary Grant.  The others are Suspicion (1941), Notorious (1946), and To Catch a Thief (1955).<br /><br />I realize that Hitchcock was a close friend of Albert Broccoli (James Bond films)and Cary Grant was the original pick by Albert Broccoli to play James Bond, but the character in this film, Roger Thornhill, reminded so much of James Bond, that I had a hard time trying to convince myself that this isn't a \\"Bond\\" film.  I realize that Dr. No (the first Bond film) came out in 1962.  BUT, was Bond's film character patterned on this wonderful movie?  The resemblance is so great, Thornhill even had a martini!<br /><br />Briefly, Roger Thornhill (Cary Grant) is mistaken for a U.S. undercover agent, abducted, framed for murder, nobody believes his story so he's on the run.  He meets a counter spy (Eva Marie Saint) and has one of the longest on-screen kisses with her.<br /><br />This movie has so many great scenes.  Among them are the stabbing at the United Nations (where Thornhill was framed for murder), A crop dusting plane that attacked our running hero (which incidently was the influence for the helicopter scene in From Russia With Love---again, Bond) and the great chase around the presidents' faces at Mt. Rushmore.<br /><br />This film also starred James Mason and Martin Landau.<br /><br />This is one cinema masterpiece!  Watch and enjoy, especially if you like James Bond films, but remember it's not...
1401201911|5.0|What this book teaches most of all is that things turned out for the best since he did actually land in America in the official story. Things start off great, but eventually all falls apart by the end. The end of the story also has a very interesting twist and new take on the origin of Superman. What is also interesting is that they didn't take the easy way out made the Soviet Union as pure evil bad guys, but in fact, kind of made the US look bad in some parts  of the story. Overall, this is a must have if you are a fan of Superman. Nothing official, but still an interesting read. If you are a fan of Millar, then pick this up. It doesn't disappoint.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|Okay, I don't understand the deal.  A lot of shows out there... yeah, they have an awesome first season or so and then eventually taper off. Or they have their ups and downs throughout the years.  Maybe it's just because this is still only the third season, but this show is still going strong with its amazing long-running plots plus the sheer \\"mini-movie\\" quality of each episode.<br /><br />The situation this season is, of course, the countdown to Dean's death due to selling his soul to a demon.  And it's great.  Even with the writers' strike shortened storyline, \\"Supernatural\\" is able to pack in its wonder with strong ideas and plenty of creativity--not to mention an awesome amount of heart that is somewhat different from the prior two seasons but quite the opposite of unwelcome.<br /><br />Even with this new drama, the show remains in spirit what it has always been--a celebration of folklore, mythology, and classic urban legend mixed with the aura of rock-and-roll.<br /><br />The acting is superb, the humor still going strong.  I cannot get enough of this show.
0374264260|5.0|Philadelphia is not only the home of the quintessentially American Liberty Bell, cheese steak, and Rocky, but now Philadelphia offers us another American original: Pat Peoples, the neurologically-damaged, ex-wife pining, mother-loving, uber Eagles fan protagonist of Matthew Quick's dazzling debut novel The Silver Linings Playbook.    You might think that a book about a guy who has lost so much--his wife, his home, his job, and many years of his life in a mental health facility--would be depressing. Far from it. In fact, this book is uplifting. For what Quick offers us is not just the brutality of life--a father who won't talk to his son, a cheating wife, many violent tempers--but also the beauty of it--finding love in unexpected people. Basically, Quick shows us that no matter how far down you fall, there are people willing to help you pick yourself back up. Quick gives us hope.    Does everything turn out the way Pat wanted it to? No. But it does turn out just as it should: with two broken souls coming together, hoping, and believing in the silver lining.    In short: a gorgeous, poignant, funny and uplifting book. Read it.
0307269191|2.0|Though a well-intentioned tribute to the significance of running in the author's life, the narrative lacks both depth and insight.  Still, it is not without value, and makes for a pleasant (though somewhat tame) read.  Readers looking for a more gratifying read on running, however, should try Benjamin Cheever's \\"Strides: Running Through History With An Unlikely Athlete.\\"
B00005JPTK|3.0|Minor hitch - the digital copy included with this DVD is NOT compatible with Mac OS, iPod, or the Zune. I loved the movie, but now I'm ticked I bought the DVD with digital copy for more than just the DVD itself, and can't do anything with it. Huge let down, just thought others should be aware since no where on this page does it specify the system requirements.
0143038419|4.0|I knew I had to read this book the minute I picked it up. The story line was  intriguing and uncommon. I thought it was rather clever how the book was laid out and it fit perfectly into the theme of the book. Gilbert's language is enchanting and you are left with the feeling of having actually been there and met the people she met. It will make you want to put the book down, pack your bags and depart on a journey of your own!!<br /><br />Note: Although I thoroughly enjoying reading this book, I fiercely disagree with the theology contained within it. Gilbert is your typical post-modern and anything but Christian. Her religious reasoning is sloppy and rather un-conducted. I refuse to condemn this book on thees premises alone, but I will warn readers that Gilbert is a modern day gnostic.
B00029QWII|1.0|The movie is a gore fest for violence loving Christians depicting their favorite Sadistic \\"Christ killing\\" Jews and anti-hero Jesus, who is supposed to be the Son of an omnipotent God and also that God himself, but is apparently so unimaginative that he can't think of another way to forgive his own creations by any other means than suicide. (Talking about running around the barn before going in.)<br /><br />If I were Jewish I would be really ticked off; good thing it's just the typical Christian propaganda and pure fiction.<br /><br />If you're an American sheeple or into blood and torture you'll love it.
B000NVI1IO|4.0|As usual, AC/DC doesn't disapoint with Stiff Upper Lip. Strong, blues driven rock from the opening title track to the final track \\"Give it Up\\". The one thing that I can always enjoy about AC/DC is that when you buy an album from them, you know exactly what you're going to get. No worrying about whether Malcolm or Angus are going through a blue period or whether they're feeling a little EMO this week. No, no, no...once again songs are driven by the indulgences of life (women, drugs, booze, fighting and good ole' Rock and Roll).    My personal favorite tracks are \\"House of Jazz\\", \\"Stiff Upper Lip\\", \\"Safe in New York City\\", \\"Can't Stand Still\\" and \\"Meltdown\\". This album doesn't have a feel like any other AC/DC album but it's the standard you would expect from AC/DC lyric and vibe wise.    BUY IT!!!
B00004Y87O|5.0|ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK was quite an interesting flick regarding a movie of the future with a prison and a police force ahead of it's time that has everything under control the way it should be, with the exception of the kidnapping hostage situation of the president prompting the New York police Commissioner Bob Hauk(Lee Van-Cleef) to make an exceptional proposition to a former Air Force hero-now convicted robber(Kurt Russell)who becomes the only solution to rescue the president, since Snake is the only person who knows all the right moves, which somewhat resulted in a case where it took a criminal to defeat a criminal, which in this case was the Duke(Isaac Hayes)and the movie starts out with Jamie Lee Curtis known for her role as the hapless vistim(Laurie Strode)in HALLOWEEN & Elizabeth Solley in THE FOG; narrating a brief description of New York's Maximum Security prison on Manhattan Island.<br /><br />It was also cool how the police force was able to use techniques and strategies that still don't exist to this very day and making New York City aka \\"The Big Apple\\" into a big city dump and ghost town, plus it was kinda cool and neat how Hauk was able to have the doctor inject a sensory device into Snake without any needles to be able to make sure that Snake brought the president back within less than 24 hours and neutralize the effects after the mission was accomplished, in case Snake had decided to sneak away instead of proceeding with the mission, which is something that would be cool for the authorities to use nowadays too, in order to help reduce crime and/or probation and parole violations.<br /><br />In addition to what made this movie interesting; it was neat seeing actors and actresses from other John Carpenter flicks co-starring in this movie like Donald Pleasence(The President)known for his role as the obsessed concerned professor(Dr. Loomis)in HALLOWEEN, Tom Atkins(Rehme)who played Nick Castle in THE FOG, Harry Dean Stanton(Brain)who played Det. Rudolph Junkins in the thriller CHRISTINE, Adrienne Barbeau(Maggie)who played Antonio Bay's D.J.(Stevie Wayne)in THE FOG, Kurt Russell(Snake Plisskin) who played Antarctic chopper pilot(R.J. MacReady) in THE THING, Charles Cyphers(Secretary of the State) who played the concerned, but skeptical(Sheriff Brackett)in HALLOWEEN & also played Antonio Bay's meteorologist(Dan)in THE FOG, Nancy Stephens(Stewardess) who played Michael Myers nurse(Marion Chambers)in HALLOWEEN, etc., except ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK was an action movie, not a horror movie, plus this was probably the first action movie directed by John Carpenter as well, since most of the other movies Carpenter made back then were horror flicks and thrillers.<br /><br />In fact, I actually liked ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK a lot better than Carpenter's sequel ESCAPE FROM L.A.; even though ESCAPE FROM LA was alot more upgraded and a lot more sophisticated than ESCAPE FROM N.Y. was, but I thought the action and the actors in ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK were better and a lot less predictable than they were in ESCAPE FROM LA, especially since the original flicks of each saga are usually better than the sequels are, which is another reason why ESCAPE FROM L.A. wasn't as good as ESCAPE FROM N.Y.
0446605409|5.0|I'm half way through this book and I can't put it down!  I've read a few other books by DeMille, all also great, but this is the best so far.
B0009UC7H0|3.0|A mildly entertaining romp LOOSELY based on a Clive Cussler novel.  It plays more like an action comedy than the grandoise plots that Cussler devises for Dirk Pitt.  A pity it's only the second adaption (the first being the Lew Grade production of RAISE THE TITANIC w/ the late Richard Jordan -- Francis in LOGAN'S RUN -- as Pitt, Jason Robards as Admiral Sandecker).  Actually, I preferred Jordan as Pitt.  He was an actor who can be truly menacing and was damned good looking. McCounaghy looks to much like a southern California surfer than a deadly agent.  His shtick with Steve Zahn is amusing but in the end forgettable.  If you have time to kill it's entertaining enough.  Nothing more.
B000ZLFALI|5.0|Across the Universe is full of vibrant colors and emotions. The music is mainly from the 60's and the 70's, despite what a lot of people think, this movie is not mainly about the Beatles. Jude (Jim Sturgess) is a dockworker and an aspiring dark artist from Liverpool, travels to America in search of his father, who was stationed in England during the Second World War. Jude goes to Princeton University to find out his dad is a janitor there. While Jude is there he meets Max (Joe Anderson), a free-willed funny college student with no ambition. Max introduces Jude to his sister Lucy (Evan Rachel Wood). Jude is intensely attracted to Lucy and in New York City where she meets them again later on, love occurs.  Across the Universe has an amazing plot line and is one of my favorite musicals.  Some of the imaging and characters are a bit weird and creepy(the blue people) but they only add to the movie. Its really worth seeing and money well-spent to own it.
B000G7PNAE|5.0|Journey could not have made a more perfect album when they launched Escape.  Sonically superb and featuring the soaring Steve Perry - this release deserved more credit.  Journey is often remembered as an 80s act in rock history, but this album broke new ground and set the band above its peers.  The album succeeds remarkably - being able to veer instantly between adrenaline rockers and ballads - Perry being equally comfortable in either forte with Neil Schon and Jonathan Cain.  Tight, tight, tight.  Besides the obvious classics - Don't Stop Believing; Open Arms and Who's Crying Now - I really dig Stone in Love; Keep on Running; Lay It Down and Wanted Dead or Alive.  Every song - except the title track ironically - works wonders for me.  Great stuff.  If Journey had only made one album and vanished - this would've been the one.
0446613444|4.0|It is Christmas, and Harry Bosch is on standby to take calls for any murders.  He has the police scanner on, and hears a report of an incident within his jurisdiction.  When he investigates, he becomes involved in a messy case involving a police officer.  Things develop from there.<br /><br />There is a lot about bureaucracy and bean counting in the police department.  Increase the number of arrests and increase the percentage of solved cases to make the atatistics look good when the budget request goes in.  There are continuing conflicts between Harry and his superiors, but there are some tradeoffs.  Not everything is as it seems, but everyone seems to come away with something.  Sometimes it's better not to look too close.<br /><br />Black ice, by the way, is a new form of narcotic - an emerging recreational drug showing up on the scene.<br /><br />The novel is also available as part of the omnibus collection, \\"The Harry Bosch Novels.\\"
B000002I27|5.0|I never spend time breaking down my take of each track and giving a deep psycho analysis of what each song means to me. I think other people do a fine job of that kind of review. I think that it is even legit to differ as to what one thinks a definition of a review is or should be. I simply give my opinion or my overall impression of the impact of a disc taken as a whole and I try not to look at each song as simply a cut from a compilation of individual tracks. If this is too simplistic, I do apologize up front. In the case of Strange Days, I read a good portion of the reviews and I echo all the good commentary to be found here. I wanted to \\"pile on\\" with a super 5 review so as to further diminish the effect of the pitiful few who just \\"don't get it\\" on this one. Morrison's lyrics had more impact and insight on Strange Days than on any other disc, but some of the shear energy in delivery that was so intense on the first album had diminsihed in the darkness of the mood. Otherwise Strange Days easily equaled the genius of \\"The Doors\\" and simply was a continuation on a theme of murky observations into the darkness of the mind.       The Doors were simply one of the 5 greatest bands that ever cut a record and one of only a handful that truly were unique with a sound so distinct that it can never be said that they sounded like any other. Having said that I will give my opinion as to where Strange Days falls in the order of Doors greatness. Order of appearance and quality: Doors (I can still feel the summer it came out), Strange Days (totally unique and erie), Waiting For The Sun and then Morrison Hotel. Waiting always gets panned, but for me it is close to their best and creates a mood that puts you right square in the center of the love generation. Strange Days is like an acid trip that leaves you stunned by the journey. With Hotel they simply get heavy and prove once and for all that their muscianship was equal to anything out there.     There is no such thing as a less than five star Doors disc at least not for the first five releases. Soft Parade (maybe)....? LA Woman - I love it but to deny that Morrison was gasping at times would be a rough go.
B00133KFGW|5.0|\\"August Rush\\" touched me.  What a special sense it brings to the process of creativity, opening up and receiving inspiration!  What a rush as it flows through your mind!  Freddie Hightower who had a memorable part in [[ASIN:B00139W3NE The Golden Compass (Widescreen Single-Disc Edition)]] and was named \\"Best Young Actor\\" twice by the Broadcast Critics Association for his roles in [[ASIN:B0007CNXUK Finding Neverland (Widescreen Edition)]] & \\"Charlie & the Chocolate Factory\\" nails his part as Evan Taylor/August Rush.  His pure dedication toward following the music and how that always leads him to a better place is amazing.  Yes, there are a lot of incidents that could be viewed as \\"unrealistic\\" such as Freddie suddenly being able to write in musical notation after a 1-minute lesson from a little girl.  For me, I let these go as telescoping a time sequence.  Jonathan Rhys-Meyers plays Louis who has a charged one-night-stand with Keri Russell's character Lyla which results in the orphan scenario.  Rhys-Meyers won the Golden Globe for Best Actor in a mini-series for \\"Elvis.\\"  Keri Russell was stunning in the independent film [[ASIN:B000VY1EYG Waitress (Widescreen Edition)]].  Since both Lyla & Louis are musicians, it follows that August's superb musical talent flowed from and connects him to his parents.  Terrence Howard has a subtle role as the social worker Richard Jeffries who seems behind the curve in helping the boy.  We get a sense of an overloaded social services system where people fall through the cracks.  Howard is an incredible actor from his appearance in [[ASIN:B00005NRO0 Angel Eyes]] to what National Board of Review called a \\"Breakthrough Performance\\" in [[ASIN:B000A3XY5A Crash (Widescreen Edition)]] to his Oscar-nominated performance in \\"Hustle & Flow.\\"  He makes the small role shine.  William Sadler from the \\"Roswell\\" TV show plays Lyla's dad Thomas Novacek.  He is really the heavy in the film with forging Lyla's name on an important document.  Robin Williams who earned his Oscar for \\"Good Will Hunting\\" has a difficult task as Wizard.  On one hand, we see his inspiration in music.  On the other, he's very greedy.  We want him to be nicer.  Marian Seldes has a nice cameo as the Dean of Julliard.  I found the film enthralling.  By the end as the parents are drawn through the crowd toward their son by the music, tears were rolling down my cheeks.  \\"August Rush\\" is a sentimental and romantic film that has grains of truth that are also inspirational.  This is a film I want to own.  Bravo!ams who earned his Oscar for \\"Good Will Hunting\\" has a difficult task as Wizard.  On one hand, we see his inspiration in music.  On the other, he's very greedy.  We want him to be nicer.  Marian Seldes has a nice cameo as the Dean of Julliard.  I found the film enthralling.  By the end as the parents are drawn through the crowd toward their son by the music, tears were rolling down my cheeks.  \\"August Rush\\" is a sentimental and romantic film that has grains of truth that are also inspirational.  This is a film I want to own.  Bravo!
B000UNYJV8|4.0|I wasn't at all surprised to learn this was largely autobiographical, because it damn sure felt real to me.<br /><br />We have a number of powerful themes, interwoven into a moving, somewhat disturbing film.  Early on, quite funny as well.  Excellent characterization, sharp dialogue, brilliant use of scenery, and a must-see movie that impressed the hell out of me.  Hard for me to review, obviously, so I'm glad others have written about it before me.
B000SUKPKM|3.0|The Goo Goo Dolls are a very good band, with a charismatic front man (John Rzeznik) and his competent backing band. They have come up with better than average albums and a pretty decent selection of songs. But this \\"Greatest Hits\\" fails on several levels.<br /><br />For starts, the Goo's breakout song \\"Name\\" (from [[ASIN:B000002MUE A Boy Named Goo]]) has been re-recorded for this set. Given that it's the song that introduced most folks to the band, it's not acceptable. My guess is that The Goo's legal fights with Metal Blade over royalties may have fueled the switcheroo and led to no other \\"Boy tracks on this set. All albums prior to \\"A Boy Named Goo\\" are ignored, likely because [[ASIN:B00005J9YE What I Learned About Ego, Opinion, Art & Commerce]] covered that territory and the previously mentioned legal issues.<br /><br />But for covering the Warner years (The Goo Goo Dolls' exclusive label after \\"Boy), the songs show the band evolved from the scruffy Replacement Styled roots of [[ASIN:B000002MIH Superstar Car Wash]] to the polished BonJovi balladeering of \\"Iris,\\" their biggest hit. \\"Better Days,\\" the best song off [[ASIN:B000EGDC82 Let Love In]], deserved a similar fate even if radio has moved on from the band. The four major songs from the top-seller [[ASIN:B00000AG8K Dizzy up the Girl]] are here, including the magnificent \\"Black Balloon.\\"<br /><br />Missing in action would be a couple of the band's great covers (Tom Petty's \\"American Girl,\\" Supertramp's \\"Give a Little Bit\\") that would have made nice bonus tracks, given the skimpiness of the listings. For the fans of this late 90's and early 00's sound (think [[ASIN:B0000C7PQZ The Gin Blossoms]] or [[ASIN:B0000296KN Toad The Wet Sprocket]]), this Greatest Hits of The Goo Goo Dolls falls far short of what it could have been.
0743290119|2.0|No where near the quality of Devil Wears Prada. It is an ok Summer beach read but there is no real meat to this book.
B000001I0Q|4.0|In the rubble left after punk rock went from a musical revolution to a pop culture fashion statement, a supergroup emerged that had significant relevance.<br /><br />Stiv Bators, Brian James, Dave Tregunna and Nicky Turner cranked out high-energy and intriguing material in this surprising 1982 debut. The power the band had in its live shows to promote the release is not compromised in the studio, with The Church used to open and close the excellent sets.<br /><br />Lil' Boys Play With Dolls is a salute to the legendary New York Dolls, while Russian Roulette, Portobello and Apocalypso finds the group paving a new path in the post-punk era.<br /><br />With the focus clearly on the music, the band clearly shows that there was life (before and) after Sid, safety pins and ripped T-shirts.
0694003611|5.0|This book has a cadence and rythym that my daughter found very comforting. It was her favorite book as a toddler - the one she wanted read every single night. I read it to her so many times, I no longer looked at the pages - I just recited them from memory as she sat in my lap and turned each page.    That time is gone now (my daughter is 16), but she still remembers the time sitting in my lap and the reading of this book - over and over and over... Much later we graduated to the Harry Potter series (I read the first 4 to her, then she got too impatient to wait as each new one came out) but Goodnight Moon was our first shared literary experience - and for that precious time, I say this truly is an awesome book.
B0002JJBZY|2.0|Captain Kirk, Spock, an extremely thin Scotty, Uhura looking darn good, and flaming George Takai. Man, I used to watch this stuff and liked it? I bought these thinking, I would really like to see them old episodes that I would faithfully watch every week as a kid. Gene Rodenberry had to be on drugs to make this stuff. The women beautiful, Kirk stays on top of that situation quite well. Spock giving steller performances as someone with no emotion. So silly it makes Plan 9 from outer space seem like a totally plausible storyline.    Sure for old times sake, pick it up, but be warned: The initial sense of awe and inspiration from such shows wont bite you like they did when you were a young whelp. Live long and prosper.
B0000B1OFN|2.0|It's a so so job. There's no suspense. The action scenes are average. The tiny cars look cute. I would not want to watch it twice.
0618477977|5.0|We read this book as a family on Christmas Eve two years ago for the first time. I love the pictures and the story. A firm believer of Santa, I had encouraged my kids to believe in him. In a world so hard and sometime cold, a book like this one is needed to remind us that there is good in this world and it usually come out stronger in the holiday season.<br /><br />Anna del C.<br />Author of \\"The Elf and the Princess\\"<br />and \\"Trouble in the Elf City\\"<br />[[ASIN:1432713353 The Elf and The Princess: The Silent Warrior Trilogy - Book One (The Silent Warrior Trilogy)]]
B000MNP2K8|3.0|Its special effects are spectacular. The foot-chasing scenes are gripping. The thing that lets me down most is the love story. It's not touching at all. I can SEE the two leading characters love each other but I DON'T FEEL their love. I don't know it's because of the acting or directing.    It's worth watching once.
B000MR0DXU|5.0|This is my second Keen product.  I am very impressed with design and construction.  Very comfortable.  Waterproof - perfect for white water rafting, light hiking and just hanging out.  Not as cool as open sandals but worth the price for more support and toe protection.  Highly recommend.
B001BR5F4C|4.0|Such a classic film, and it feels great to finally own it in the best possible format!    You should all by now know the general plot so I'll skip that. Its a revenge/homage/over the top flick written and directed by one of the most prolific and talented directors/writers in the world.     The Picture Quality of these Blu Ray Discs is outstanding. Every pore, fiber, bead of sweat, droplet (or pool) of blood, every pebble and just about every minute detail is clearly visible and visually striking. Since this is a Tarantino film, you can expect some grainy scenes (the intro to both volumes as well as the Pai Mai training scene come to mind, with the Pai Mai scene exibiting some strong grain and washed out colors, but they were filmed like that intentionally). There are also some pretty overblown colors, but this is how it was shown theatrically so its not an issue with the Blu Ray transfer. Great film like appearance and no sign of Digital Noise Reduction or Edge Enhancment.     The audio is outstanding. This WILL push your system to the limits, and then some!    The special features are bare and in standard definition...and this is my only complaint.     Kill Bill Vol. 1 and 2 on Blu Ray come highly recommended. Truly a film lovers film.
B000002KDG|5.0|This is the sound of someone adapting to modern times. In the tradition of Dylan, Neil Young persues the half acoustic, half rock album. The songs foremost deal with change and transition into a new era of music. \\"Sedan Delivery\\" and \\"Welfare Mother\\" and nearly the rest of the second half have a raw sound that mimics the rough sound of punk. However, I feel the acoustic tracks are the treat. \\"My, My, Hey, Hey\\" is the reaction to the new puck scene and other songs such as \\"Thrasher\\" are very surrealist that recall a sense of nostalgia as they do for fans who liken more to his folk period. But the ablum closes with a bang. In my humble opinion this is his greatest album, but by no means is it his last great one.
0316172324|5.0|If you have a short attention span, these short stories, loosely tied together by a few ideas is great for you.  This is my favorite book of all-time.  I seriously recommend this to anyone who is fascinated by the weirdness of the human mind.
B0013SJWLG|5.0|I listened to this album with great passion in 2004 while I lived in France. This album is pinnacle for those that appreciate the genre; however, you will be guided into many other bands from the influence of this album. I am a Philadelphia native and I traveled all the way to Dong Open Air to see this band. Great song writing, great guitar work; thumbs up all the way!
B00005JPNY|4.0|What a movie. Kidman, Craig, and Dakota Blue Richards portraying the main characters. Excellent acting, really good special effects. The movie follows the book closely, however, it could've been a bit longer as it might be a trifle difficult to follow without having read the book first. I read the book and really enjoyed it and the movie is equally good. I make a point of not listening to those fanatics on either of the good/bad side as this is a fantasy and a very good one at that. I say it's fun for everyone.
B000NA28IE|3.0|If you watch the movie without having read the books FIRST, then it is a nice movie.<br />If you have already read them (I haven't read them yet) then it sounds like you will be extremely dissapointed if you expect the movie to be anything like the book.<br />Maybe if you have already read the book(s) and you still want to watch it, you could try and pretend it is an unrelated movie that just happens to have a similiar title... maybe not. I guess I'll find out just how bad it seems after I've read the books.<br />The dragon (Sephora?) is my favorite character.
B000PY52EU|3.0|I enjoyed the movie.  It was a little different but good.  Some reviewers say the \\"black snake\\" reference was sexual......maybe but if you actually watch the movie Laz is playing the guitar and refers to what he calls \\"the black snake moan\\".  It shines light on a taboo subject, sexual abuse.  It gives insight on why a lot of \\"loose\\" women behave as they do.  If nothing else I'm sure it provokes thought about that.  It does require you to think while watching the movie so if you like simple movies it's not for you.  Some parts are stereotypical but the story overall is good....Worth checking out.
B0019OP0GU|5.0|What a delightful adaptation of Mary Noel Streatfeild's(1895-1986)story.  She was an actress and prolific writer who very much wanted to provide children with worthwhile reading.  J.K. Rowling is a fan, and there's a few Potter alumni actors in this entertaining fable.    A paleontologist(Richard Griffiths, who plays Harry Potter's dunderheaded relative) first adopts Sylvia(Emilia Fox, whom I'll always remember as Georgiana Darcy in 'Pride and Prejudice' and simply love).  He complains about it but moves out some dinosaur bones to make room; however, \\"Great Uncle Gum\\" repeats the process, bringing home three more orphaned, baby girls from various expeditions.  Sylvia cares for them in his museum-like home while he vanishes for twelve years.  Move ahead to the 1930's.  Money runs thin, and the girls make a pact to excel in their endeavors and to help their beleaguered, older sister save the home.  They take in some eccentric boarders and attend a dance academy as they try to discover their gifts and means.    The ensemble cast shines.  If you have ever watched BBC or Masterpiece Theatre you'll recognize many of these journeyman actors such as the great Gemma Jones(Dr. Jakes).  In regards to the younger actors, obviously, there's Emma Watson(Pauline) from 'Harry Potter' fame who portrays the thespian talent of the family.  Her character struggles with insecurity and pride, and Emma does a fine job expanding out beyond 'Hermione'.  She candidly talks up a storm about the making of the film in the extras.  She's a talented and bright, young woman.  Yasmin Paige(Petrova) plays the Russian girl who struggles fitting in anywhere.  Can't act or dance for the life of her, she wants to fly.  It's a tougher role since it lacks the flamboyancy of the others.  Finally, there's Lucy Boynton(Posy) whom we loved as Margaret in 'Sense and Sensibility(2007)'.  What a growing star!  Her timing and delivering are impeccable.  Again, she's absolutely hilarious.  Apparently, all the actresses enjoyed the dancing, but poor Lucy didn't much care for the red hair.      Sandra Goldbacher directs('The Governess'); Heidi Thomas wrote the screenplay(episodes of 'Cranford' and 'Lilies'- both excellent and a favorite of ours, 'I Capture the Castle').      It amazes me how the Brits put out films like this.  It doesn't feel forced or contrived.  It bounces between drama, comedy, with a bit of whimsy and a dash of suspense and romance all wrapped neatly without any nasty bits or nasty people.  A family film geared for school-aged girls, but with enough to interest finicky adults.    The moral of the fable: Love and family are more important than accomplishment but still- go out and be all that you dream to be. Right on!
B000R8YC18|3.0|This is one of those 70's flicks that meant to shock the audience, and it did...back then. \\"Taxi Driver\\" is slowly-paced, pondering at times, and very self-indulgent, in particular one scene in with Martin Scorsese stating how he's going to kill his cheating wife.<br />There are more than dozen films better from this era, with better story lines, better acting and something more important to say.
0671027573|5.0|this book was wonderful. when you feel sorry for a person like i did leah then you know you have a winner. the heat between the two main people was hard to miss and very HOT!!!!!! i wont be like other reviewers and give away the story line but i highly recomend this book.
0765318741|5.0|A few months ago I watched the fairly entertaining movie, however hadn't considered reading the book until a friend highly recommended it. What I found was a profoundly dark, dreary, and at time sadistic horror story that I believe ranks amongst the greatest ever written. If you weren't a fan of the all-too-typical Hollywood ending found in the book, you shouldn't pass up the original story's disturbing alternative!
B000K3M1VI|5.0|Meryl Streep delivers one of, if not her best performances in any film I have seen her in.  If you are a student of film, you must see this.  If you are a fan of film, you must see this.  If you are neither, you still must see this.  The story is not for the faint of heart, it's a very intense subject matter that will have your mind doing cartwheels.  Every performance I see is compared to Streep's performance in this film, leaving me walking away from the theatre saying \\"well, it was good, but it was no Sophie's Choice.\\"  See this film!<br /><br />Another good film: [[ASIN:B000059XTI Postcards from the Edge]] add it to your cart with Sophie's Choice.
B0011ZNAIC|4.0|When I bought the movie I wasn't sure if my 13 month old would like it...well he can't take his eyes off! It's a favorite!
031606792X|5.0|Ok, so I never really intended to read this series, but my ex-boss at borders conned me into reading the first one.  I bought the other three withing a week and finished them all within 24 hours each book.    I really don't know what everyone is complaining about.  She gets married, has a baby young, doesnt go to college first (which she has the rest of eternity to do by the way) and jake imprints on the kid.      I thought these book were beautiful and they far exceeded my epectations. i LOVE them.  I eas in tears on and off throught all of them, especially breaking dawn and I have absoloutley NO complaints.  In fact, I hope that she goes ahead with midnight sun and gets it published beacuse i WILL be buying them.    before I bought hese books I thought they were going to be overhyped garbage, but instead i ended up being delighted and addicted and was left with a warm fuzzy feeling and craving more. Meyer is now one of my favorite authors and I will contunue to read her work.
0060760273|5.0|This is the book that I always give to newborns. It becomes their favorite book. We went through two copies with our child.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|omg, we watched the entire first season over a rainy weekend and enjoyed it so much.. great parody of the crazy ways those guys lived in the 50 and 60's.. This is a great series, I hope it lasts.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|I thought all the actors were superior and would highly recommend it.  I even got my husband to watch it and he thoroughly enjoyed it too.  Give it a try.
B000002OX7|5.0|The added tracks make a great album even better. Pure and Easy is the best of the additional tracks.
B000N6TX1I|5.0|Alfonso Cuar&oacute;n's \\"Children of Men\\" is an adaptation of the P.D. James dystopian novel about the breakdown of all social institutions when the human race ceases the ability to procreate and faces the likelihood of its own extinction.<br /><br />Chaos and civil war overtake the globe, and, in Great Britain, Orwellian fascism is the only order left as refugees are imprisoned in cages, the middle class disintegrates, terrorist acts (usually by the government) are a daily occurrence, and underground rebels fight on for revolution, trying to maintain some futile hope.<br /><br />While the film's events occur in 2027, 20 years in the future, the film becomes more of a comment on the Now with its pro-war stance by the government and \\"Homeland Security\\" to protect us all. But the film transcends politics to focus on its human level, specifically on the character of Theo Farin (played to existential perfection by Clive Owen) who fatefully goes through a rite-of-passage similar to Bogie in \\"Casablanca\\" - that of a man who had pulled himself away from involvement in a war-torn world finding himself now beginning to discover a newly-reborn idealism.<br /><br />Brilliantly, many references to key art works of the 20th Century fill the film. e.g., musical references from rock and classical works: The Beatles, Pink Floyd, iconic rock songs -- along with Shostakovich, Prokofiev, Penderecki and Gustav Mahler, whose first song in the \\"Kindertotenlieder\\" (\\"Songs for Dead Children\\") is quoted. Images are staged in the style of great paintings, and, most importantly, Picasso's \\"Guernica\\" becomes the major symbolic icon of the film, with the cinematography drained of bright colors to convey perfectly the film's atmosphere.<br /><br />But over all, Cuar&oacute;n's directing is breathtaking, with his long Wellsian single-takes that truly nail the viewer directly into the world of the film. This is a masterpiece, and ultimately not one of bleakness but of hope, and one of the truly top intellectual and emotional experiences of 2006.2006.
B0013V33DG|5.0|I was not a big fan of Donizetti's operas til now.  I used to find them kind of shallow, music and plot-wise.  However, this version of La fille du Regiment from Covent Garden proved me completely wrong.  A great stage production can make a big difference in the way you perceive an opera, and this is a perfect example of that.  The other JDF's DVD of this same opera (Genova) falls short compared with this delicious Covent Garden version.  Dessay is the big star of the show, she is simply fantastic.  Great actress and great singer.  JDF is always good but he is completely overshadowed here by the energetic and amazing Dessay.  However, the most important thing is that this La Fille du Regiment acquires a different dimension under the stage direction of Laurent Pelly.  Bravo for Covent Garden that has put together, in the last few years, amazing productions of beloved traditional operas like this one and le Nozze di Figaro (with Erwin Schrott), with a modern twist that is not Eurotrash but neither those old fashioned and boring MET productions lacking of imagination.
B0019X3ZZY|5.0|I'll avoid what surely others have written or said about this film and point out that even in 2008, it's still as shocking and relevant as it was in the '70's.  In an age where sex(uality) is used to sell everything (except sex), processed food is revealed to be mostly junk, and the media perpetually amused, SALO is a film both about power, capitalism, and the way in which the human body and mind is degraded when it becomes a commodity.      Though the film is unrelentingly bleak, there's also a black humor running throughout the work, making the whole spectacle that much worse (and mirroring the way in which media today transforms atrocity into banality).  From his particular way of shooting to his ideas, Pasolini here found his fury at its full and his voice with utmost clarity...that the film was/is banned for so long speaks to its power, but also its danger.    It is undoubtedly one of the greatest films ever made though it is from its images to ideas a hard one to watch, contemplate, and digest.  It is perhaps the world's best political and social horror film, albeit not to everyone's tastes.
6304698526|3.0|Product quality was good.  Story line a bit thin with predictable antagonists.  Seem to remember a very weak and unsatisfying ending.  The car chase may have been hot in its day, but it seems really ordinary by today's standards.  You have to love Steve McQueen though.  He even looks good in dorky pajamas.
B000E5N684|5.0|Basic Instinct is a basic geometric triangle, and while, as in basic math, the square of the hypotenuse is equal to the sum of the square of the two adjacent sides, all of the sides are important, and basically, with Michael Douglas, Sharon Stone, and Jeanne Triplehorn, you can't lose.<br /><br />Jeanne Triplehorn is from Oklahoma. She has been described as having an incredibly open face and a devastating glare. Her father, Tom Triplehorn, played guitar for Gary & the Pacemakers on such hits as \\"This Diamond Ring Doesn't Shine For You Anymore.\\" Working with Michael Douglas as the 2nd Lead in Basic Instinct led to Ms. Triplehorn's chance to portray Tom Cruise's wife in the box-office smash The Firm (1993). Her clever work in this film afforded her the opportunity to work opposite other \\"top guns\\" in the industry, including Kevin Costner in the futuristic epic flop Waterworld (1995), Gwyneth Paltrow in the experiment-gone-wrong Sliding Doors (1998) and Hugh Grant in the preposterous Mickey Blue Eyes (1999). Though Triplehorn couldn't rescue these Kamikaze missions from certain disaster, her performance in Basic Instinct as the bespectacled psychiatrist Dr. Beth Garner garnered my attention.<br /><br />Michael Douglas and Sharon Stone are so well known that I scarcely need to go into their biographies. Michael was the son of well known, well liked actor Kirk Douglas. He didn't want any of his sons to ply the acting profession, so he never gave Michael so much as a 'foot in the door.' He first got the public's attention playing a cop opposite veteran actor Karl Malden in 'The Streets of San Francisco.' [shot on location in San Francisco, it is fun to watch re-runs for the superb location shots alone]. TV led to films, but it was Basic Instinct that catapulted Douglas to household name status. Other notable roles were Fatal Attraction and Wall Street.<br /><br />Stone was also catapulted into the limelight from the success of Basic Instinct, but fell from grace with Sliver and a slew of slim pickings until finally getting respect and redemption in Casino with Robert De Niro, an Oscar nomination, thank you. Sharon has had some ups, with Basic Instinct, Casino, The Muse, The Quick and the Dead, The Mighty, and Bobby; but others, such as Sliver, Diabolique, Intersection, The Specialist, Catwoman, Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold, and the sequel-that-never-should-have-been, Basic Instinct 2, basically sunk like a... well, Stone.<br /><br />I have a basic theory about Joe Eszterhas. His career was in a tailspin after Sliver, Showgirls, and Jade, so he went down in flames with An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn. Anyone familiar with the name Alan Smithee knows that it is the name a director attaches to a film that he wants nothing more to do with. This film not only capped a string of bad reviews for his writing, it added one for his acting, playing himself for goodness sake, he was such a bad actor he couldn't even effectively portray himself. Besides that, it was a kind of vendetta against Hollywood, and all he had suffered there. I think that Flashdance was brilliant, for a movie about a welder/stripper who wants to go to ballet school, and I would like to see Jagged Edge. Basic Instinct might be the pinnacle of his achievement. You know you are being manipulated with trashy, exploitive garbage, but like Wayne Knight (Newman from Seinfeld) and the other cops in the famous scene in the interrogation room, you don't care. After his apotheosis with Basic Instinct, he slid down the slippery slope with Sliver, Showgirls, Jade, and finally, to kill his career once and for all, An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn.<br /><br />I find it interesting that Sharon Stone plays a sociopathic writer in Basic Instinct, and contend that Eszterhas was drawing from personal experience in that regard. At one point Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone) reveals the finer points of her craft, where she asserts that writing teaches you how to lie. She utilizes that skill in beating a polygraph. I find this very telling, Mr. Eszterhas.<br /><br />Though I remember Spetters, I doubt that many other people do. It was a charming foreign film about motorcycle racing, as I recall. Total Recall was totally an Arnold Swarzeneger vehicle supposedly based on the writing of Philip K. Dick, but it came up surprisingly dickless. Robocop, though I personally didn't see it, it was so popular that I remember it nevertheless. Basic Instinct seems to be the high water mark for Verhoeven as well, but his next outing with Eszterhas resulted in Showgirls--not a brilliant career move for either one.<br /><br />Take these actors, this writer, and this director, mix them together in a pot boiler like Basic Instinct, and voila! I liked the way Catherine Tramell knew how to exploit Nick Curran's weaknesses: cigarettes, cocaine, booze, sex, violence--if she could awaken his craving for one, it would lead to the others. All the while, he thought he was solving the case, and that proved to be his biggest weakness of all. Thinking he could out think Tramell in this cat-and-mouse game, where he thinks he's the cat, but he is nothing but a mouse.<br /><br />Though I admit that Basic Instinct was a great film, it remains a guilty pleasure, and though I was entertained, I resent being manipulated in such a trashy and exploitive way. So I will shed no tears for the fall of Eszterhas.<br /><br />JOE ESZTERHAS<br /><br />Basic Instinct 2 (2006) (characters)<br />[[ASIN:B00008L3T0 Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn]] (1998) (written by)<br />Telling Lies in America (1997) (written by)<br />[[ASIN:6305278024 Jade]] (1995) (written by) (1995) (written by)<br />[[ASIN:B000PMFS2I Showgirls (Fully Exposed Edition)]]<br />[[ASIN:B000EQ5SRK Sliver (Unrated Edition)]]  (1993) (screenplay)<br />Basic Instinct (1992) (written by)<br />Music Box (1989) (written by)<br />Checking Out (1989) (written by)<br />Betrayed (1988) (written by)<br />Big Shots (1987) (written by)<br />Hearts of Fire (1987) (screenplay)<br />Jagged Edge (1985) (written by)<br />[[ASIN:B000RZIGSG Flashdance (Special Collector's Edition w/ Bonus CD)]]screenplay)  (1983)<br />F.I.S.T (1978) (screenplay) (story)<br /><br />PAUL VERHOEVEN<br /><br />Starship Troopers (1997)<br />Showgirls (1995)<br />Basic Instinct (1992)<br />Total Recall (1990)<br />RoboCop (1987)<br />Flesh+Blood (1985)<br />Vierde man, De (1983)<br />[[ASIN:B00006I04L Spetters (Widescreen Edition)]] (1980)<br /><br />SHARON STONE<br /><br />When a Man Falls in the Forest (2007) .... Karen Fields<br />If I Had Known I Was a Genius (2007) .... Gloria Fremont<br />Bobby (2006) .... Miriam Ebbers<br />Basic Instinct 2 (2006) .... Catherine Tramell<br />Alpha Dog (2006) .... Olivia Mazursky<br />Broken Flowers (2005) .... Laura<br />Catwoman (2004) .... Laurel Hedare<br />The Muse (1999) .... Sarah Little<br />Gloria (1999) .... Gloria<br />Antz (1998) (voice) .... Princess Bala<br />The Mighty (1998) .... Gwen Dillon<br />Sphere (1998) .... Dr. Elizabeth 'Beth' Halperin<br />Last Dance (1996) .... Cindy Liggett<br />Diabolique (1996) .... Nicole Horner<br />Casino (1995) .... Ginger McKenna<br />The Quick and the Dead (1995) .... Ellen \\"The Lady\\"<br />The Specialist (1994) .... May Munro<br />Intersection (1994) .... Sally Eastman<br />Last Action Hero (1993) .... Catherine Tramell<br />Sliver (1993) .... Carly Norris<br />Basic Instinct (1992) .... Catherine Tramell<br />Diary of a Hitman (1991) .... Kiki<br />Where Sleeping Dogs Lie (1991) .... Serena Black<br />Year of the Gun (1991) .... Alison King<br />Scissors (1991) .... Angie Anderson<br />He Said, She Said (1991) .... Linda Metzger<br />Total Recall (1990) .... Lori<br /><br />MICHAEL DOUGLAS<br /><br />Traffic (2000) .... Robert Wakefield<br />Wonder Boys (2000) .... Prof. Grady Tripp<br />A Perfect Murder (1998) .... Steven Taylor<br />The Game (1997) .... Nicholas Van Orton<br />The Ghost and the Darkness (1996) .... Charles Remington<br />The American President (1995) .... President Andrew Shepherd<br />Disclosure (1994) .... Tom Sanders<br />Falling Down (1993) .... William 'D-Fens' Foster<br />Basic Instinct (1992) .... Det. Nick Curran<br />Shining Through (1992) .... Ed Leland<br />The War of the Roses (1989) .... Oliver Rose<br />Black Rain (1989/I) .... Nick<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXDB Wall Street]] (1987) .... Gordon Gekko<br />[[ASIN:B00003CXA0 Fatal Attraction (Special Collector's Edition)]] (1987) .... Dan Gallagher<br />[[ASIN:B00008973A A Chorus Line]] (1985) .... Zach<br />The Jewel of the Nile (1985) .... Jack Colton<br /><br />JEANNE TRIPLEHORN<br /><br />Dial 9 for Love (2001) .... Nina<br />Relative Values (2000) .... Miranda Frayle/Freda Birch<br />Paranoid (2000/I) .... Rachel<br />Timecode (2000) .... Lauren Hathaway<br />Steal This Movie (2000) .... Johanna Lawrenson<br />Mickey Blue Eyes (1999) .... Gina Vitale<br />Very Bad Things (1998) .... Lois Berkow<br />Sliding Doors (1998) .... Lydia<br />Snitch (1998) .... Annie<br />Office Killer (1997) .... Norah Reed<br />'Til There Was You (1997) .... Gwen Moss<br />[[ASIN:0783219857 Waterworld]] (1995) .... Helen<br /><br />Nick: What's your new book about?<br />Catherine: A detective. He falls for the wrong woman.<br />Nick: What happens to him?<br />Catherine: She kills him.0RZIGSG Flashdance (Special Collector's Edition w/ Bonus CD)]]screenplay)  (1983)   F.I.S.T (1978) (screenplay) (story)    PAUL VERHOEVEN     Starship Troopers (1997)   Showgirls (1995)   Basic Instinct (1992)   Total Recall (1990)   RoboCop (1987)   Flesh+Blood (1985)   Vierde man, De (1983)   [[ASIN:B00006I04L Spetters (Widescreen Edition)]] (1980)     SHARON STONE    When a Man Falls in the Forest (2007) .... Karen Fields  If I Had Known I Was a Genius (2007) .... Gloria Fremont  Bobby (2006) .... Miriam Ebbers  Basic Instinct 2 (2006) .... Catherine Tramell  Alpha Dog (2006) .... Olivia Mazursky   Broken Flowers (2005) .... Laura   Catwoman (2004) .... Laurel Hedare   The Muse (1999) .... Sarah Little   Gloria (1999) .... Gloria   Antz (1998) (voice) .... Princess Bala   The Mighty (1998) .... Gwen Dillon   Sphere (1998) .... Dr. Elizabeth 'Beth' Halperin   Last Dance (1996) .... Cindy Liggett   Diabolique (1996) .... Nicole Horner   Casino (1995) .... Ginger McKenna   The Quick and the Dead (1995) .... Ellen \\"The Lady\\"   The Specialist (1994) .... May Munro   Intersection (1994) .... Sally Eastman   Last Action Hero (1993) .... Catherine Tramell   Sliver (1993) .... Carly Norris   Basic Instinct (1992) .... Catherine Tramell  Diary of a Hitman (1991) .... Kiki   Where Sleeping Dogs Lie (1991) .... Serena Black   Year of the Gun (1991) .... Alison King   Scissors (1991) .... Angie Anderson   He Said, She Said (1991) .... Linda Metzger   Total Recall (1990) .... Lori     MICHAEL DOUGLAS    Traffic (2000) .... Robert Wakefield  Wonder Boys (2000) .... Prof. Grady Tripp   A Perfect Murder (1998) .... Steven Taylor   The Game (1997) .... Nicholas Van Orton   The Ghost and the Darkness (1996) .... Charles Remington   The American President (1995) .... President Andrew Shepherd   Disclosure (1994) .... Tom Sanders   Falling Down (1993) .... William 'D-Fens' Foster  Basic Instinct (1992) .... Det. Nick Curran  Shining Through (1992) .... Ed Leland   The War of the Roses (1989) .... Oliver Rose   Black Rain (1989/I) .... Nick   [[ASIN:B00003CXDB Wall Street]] (1987) .... Gordon Gekko   [[ASIN:B00003CXA0 Fatal Attraction (Special Collector's Edition)]] (1987) .... Dan Gallagher   [[ASIN:B00008973A A Chorus Line]] (1985) .... Zach   The Jewel of the Nile (1985) .... Jack Colton     JEANNE TRIPLEHORN      Dial 9 for Love (2001) .... Nina  Relative Values (2000) .... Miranda Frayle/Freda Birch   Paranoid (2000/I) .... Rachel   Timecode (2000) .... Lauren Hathaway   Steal This Movie (2000) .... Johanna Lawrenson   Mickey Blue Eyes (1999) .... Gina Vitale   Very Bad Things (1998) .... Lois Berkow   Sliding Doors (1998) .... Lydia   Snitch (1998) .... Annie  Office Killer (1997) .... Norah Reed   'Til There Was You (1997) .... Gwen Moss  [[ASIN:0783219857 Waterworld]] (1995) .... Helen     Nick: What's your new book about?   Catherine: A detective. He falls for the wrong woman.   Nick: What happens to him?   Catherine: She kills him.
0060899220|3.0|I like Bourdain, but was hoping there would be a lot more tips about what to avoid/look for in a restuarant. The book was mainly about his life as a drugged out chef. entertaining, but not educational.
B000VBJEEG|5.0|Possibly the 2007 film that is closest to perfection is Pixar's \\"Ratatouille\\", an animated comedy that seems to focus on the story of a rat named Remy who has a sense of smell and a great talent for the culinary arts, and who becomes a secret chef at a French restaurant, managing to be a hit to the gourmets who don't know their chef is a rodent.<br /><br />But something magical happens about half way through: The focus switches more to the story of the scullery kitchen lad and his fellow kitchen superiors (including the dominating Colette, voiced by Janeane Garofalo) and we realize that the human animal was really the film's main subject all along. Its visual look is like great French paintings and its animation state-of-the-art, thanks to directors Brad Bird and Jan Pinkava, all set off by a wonderful music score that breathes life, love and Paris in every bar. Amazingly, the film's poetic setting contrasting the Parisian slums (the world of the rats) with the high-class restaurant for connoisseurs reminds one of the best of Ernst Lubitsch (like the romantic setting of the garbage scow in his 1932 \\"Trouble in Paradise\\"), but it is Lubitsch as if some Preston Sturges slapstick had wandered into it.<br /><br />This is a marvelous, life-affirming masterpiece, and one of the two films of 2007 that uses food to express a deep and profound love of life.
031606792X|5.0|This book was more adult than the others, it has deeper issues in it than just teenage love. It takes a little getting used to, since the tone of the story changes so much, but it is still the most incredible ending anyone could've written.
B0015XHP4K|5.0|They have captured Rambo in his glory.  The picture has been refined and looks better than it ever did.  The sound isn't the best but the action more than makes up for it.  Great for a trip down memory lane.
B000000WJZ|3.0|this is the 1st album i heard from these guys. Well, actually the song Today. i didn't like the video nor the song. same thing with disarm. but i really liked cherub rock and rocket was good too. later i heard mayonaise and liked it.    same thing with mellon collie. i heard 1979 and loved it. i heard the rest and couldnt get through it.    Well 10 years later i decide to listen to their whole catalog in itunes.    um, gish is a terrific album. i like the slow trippy stuff. siamese dream however aside form some good tracks i still dont like. something about the sound of the guitars and the melodies... sounds fake or trendy.  mellon collie however took me by surprise. it shows the band really matured and made a whole 2cd set that is ALL good.
1402530870|5.0|I bought this audio edition of The Grapes of Wrath for a friend's birthday, and she raved about it.  This is Emily's review:<br /><br />Every library and school should own this unabridged audiobook edition of The Grapes of Wrath.  The production was excellent, and listening to all 18 CDs gave me and my children an entirely new appreciation and understanding of this book.  When it was time for my son to read the book as part of a required book reading list for his AP English class, he benefitted greatly from having already heard it on audio.<br /><br />The story - how could there be any better than the story of Tom Joad and his family?  Despite what the other Amazon reviewer claimed, this is not an entirely depressing novel.  The story is also about hope and the crazy pioneer spirit that has always drawn people to California, and the innate ability of Americans to pick themselves up and start life over again.
B000VS6R26|5.0|Everyone knows this film for being a multi-million-dollar epic as well as a definitive love story (with Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet); less mentioned (but more of the film's actual concern) is its uplifting portrayal of a woman's liberation out of repression, set within a real historical time and setting used to create a symbolic fable.<br /><br />The point is hammered home in its scene of the young Rose viewing a little girl folding her napkin on her lap (a girl she remembers in horror as herself) and its final scene of the elderly Rose happily drifting off with photos of her full life around her. The Jack in her life (even if fleeting) has given her wings. Looking at this being the main theme of the story, the film is not a tragedy but a triumph in a woman finding herself (through Jack) and living a full life without letting others dictate whom she will become.<br /><br />On this level, even as its deceptive surface emphasizes its tragic love story, it's a masterpiece that Joseph Campbell would have venerated using a real-life tragic event to tell a positive, life-affirming story of a woman finding herself utilizing the iconography of Freudian dream symbolism.
B0018O4YT0|5.0|This is a fantastic movie.  If you already own the original, it's not worth getting this disc.  It's got the usual fill-in-the details bits, but nothing earth shattering.    That said, if you haven't seen the movie, definitely watch it!  One of the best Sci-Fi out there...
0192547054|5.0|I particularly like this version for the Biographical Notice of The Author written in 1817 after the death of Jane Austen.The writer of these notes (Chapman??) praises her as never harshly judging another person. My opinion is that she lets her characters speak for themselves-good or not so good.Also thought the last line very interesting as it gives insight into the religious thought of the times \\"and her opinions accorded strictly with those of our Established Church\\"
B000X5SPBI|3.0|Supernatural is simply an excellent show, with talented actors and outstanding writing.  However, I think that the DVD release of this season was the worst.  There were no episodes commentary; instead we got small sections of superficial comments by different people.  The bloopers part was simply not funny; it seemed they looked for a lot of snapshots of the actors saying I'm sorry and making faces.  Maybe it is me, but I do not find that funny.  On the positive side, we get the chance to watch again, without any commercial interruptions, excellent episodes like Mystery Spot.  I hope the next season, is up to season 2 standards.
031606792X|1.0|This book is not appropriate for minors. If this book were a film, it would be be rated R for sexual situations,  violence/gore, and adult situations. It's just a shame that literature is not subject to the same rating system as movies, cds, or video games.<br />I'm going to go into more details of what exactly about this book makes it so inappropriate below the spoiler warning, but I'd like to also mention that this book is very poorly written.  It does not follow the canon of the previous books of the saga, and the author tries to force a story that most definitely doesn't fit. Again, more details about what specifically bothered me will follow.<br />So, for those not planning to read the spoiled section, let me just advise parents/grandparents/aunts/uncles/etc... that you will probably want to either read the book or read the spoiled reviews before giving this book to a minor.<br />*SPOILERS*<br />The sexual situations include the following:  Bella repeatedly asking for sex. While it's nice that it's at least from her husband (though she was bribing her then boyfriend for sex in Eclipse), I still feel it's not something a 12 year old should be reading. She says she loves sex so much that she's decided not to become a vampire right away, which PREVIOUSLY had been the most important thing to her. She has sex dreams that are so wonderful, that she wakes up crying because she doesn't want them to end. Later, as a vampire, she and Edward are thrilled to find that they can have sex for 8 hours straight, and plan to do that every night for the rest of eternity. Bella's only concern is how she'll ever want to stop and do anything else. Meyer doesn't describe the actual act, but doesn't shy away from making it clear what is happening. One particular bit, when Bella and Edward are talking during the act, is especially blatant and inappropriate. I debated about including what exactly bothered me, but I seriously worry that Amazon might find it too explicit.  After their first time, Bella also wakes up covered in bruises. SHE ends up comforting EDWARD, because she doesn't want his guilt to ruin her afterglow, and apparently she enjoyed herself too much to notice him hurting her. There are also many jokes made throughout the book about how Emmett and Rosalie have brought houses down with their enthusiastic love-making. There is also a scene where Edward asks Jacob to have sex with his wife (behind her back, no less), because he hopes that then she can have non-vampire kids with Jacob . Jacob is disturbed but still intrigued at the idea of \\"sharing\\" Bella (Edward's price is that Jacob has to convince Bella to abort her current pregnancy). While I don't think this book will make girls hop into sexual relationships, I think it will definitely make them more curious. If Bella says it's the best thing in the world, why wouldn't they want it too? After all, some of the young fans daydream about becoming vampires and leave their windows open in case Edward comes to them.<br />Then there is the violence/gore. This is mostly in the childbirth scene. I literally felt nauseated reading it. The reader is given a vivid picture of how Bella vomits up a \\"fountain of blood\\" and the baby breaks her spine and ribs. The blood vessels in her eyes pop, and Rosalie starts to give her a C-section, but when she cuts her there is a huge spray of blood. Meyer describes how Bella's naked body is stained with the blood. Finally her husband tears the baby out of her uterus with his teeth. She then dies after holding her baby for the first time (who bites her breast with its vampire teeth).<br />I find the violence of this scene particularly shameful on Meyer's part, because Meyer avoided a final battle at the end of this book so that there would be a peaceful resolution (something her fans praise her for). I don't understand why Meyer thinks battles should be blood-free, but childbirth so revoltingly brutal.<br />Other aspects of the book I found inappropriate fortweens: Bella gets into Dartmouth by a financial bribe, she gets illegal identification papers from a crooked lawyer, Edward and his `father' discuss aborting Bella's baby against her will, two characters (Quil and Jacob) act as father-figures and raise toddlers that they intend to have sexual relationships with once they're old enough,  etc.<br />There are numerous plotholes and canon changes that also bothered me. Too many to go into here, but they include that werewolves are now shapeshifters (Why did the pack and Cullens have such instinctual aggressiveness, then? Why did they smell bad?), that Bella's parents had basically no reaction to their 18 year old daughter getting married (and just a few months after getting engaged, too, I might add), that Edward is suddently a succubus and able to have a baby, that the Volturi are afraid of the Cullens when they outnumber them about 5 to 1, Jacob only having been in love with Bella because of Nessie (so then why wasn't he in love with Edward, too?)... I could go on.<br />In short, this book was terrible. I'm sorry, I hate giving such a bad review, but there it is. But above all else, this book should not be sold to young adults. I understand that Meyer didn't write it with a younger audience in mind, but, as she was fully aware that her first three Twilight books were marketed as YA, that seems a rather flimsy excuse. Whatever her intention, Breaking Dawn was always going to sit next to the other Twilight books in the YA section of every bookstore. Any fool would have known that and written the book accordingly.rtmouth by a financial bribe, she gets illegal identification papers from a crooked lawyer, Edward and his `father' discuss aborting Bella's baby against her will, two characters (Quil and Jacob) act as father-figures and raise toddlers that they intend to have sexual relationships with once they're old enough,  etc.   There are numerous plotholes and canon changes that also bothered me. Too many to go into here, but they include that werewolves are now shapeshifters (Why did the pack and Cullens have such instinctual aggressiveness, then? Why did they smell bad?), that Bella's parents had basically no reaction to their 18 year old daughter getting married (and just a few months after getting engaged, too, I might add), that Edward is suddently a succubus and able to have a baby, that the Volturi are afraid of the Cullens when they outnumber them about 5 to 1, Jacob only having been in love with Bella because of Nessie (so then why wasn't he in love with Edward, too?)... I could go on.  In short, this book was terrible. I'm sorry, I hate giving such a bad review, but there it is. But above all else, this book should not be sold to young adults. I understand that Meyer didn't write it with a younger audience in mind, but, as she was fully aware that her first three Twilight books were marketed as YA, that seems a rather flimsy excuse. Whatever her intention, Breaking Dawn was always going to sit next to the other Twilight books in the YA section of every bookstore. Any fool would have known that and written the book accordingly.
B000MCH5P4|5.0|As powerful and brilliant Inarritu's first two films were (\\"Amores Perros\\" and \\"21 Grams\\"), they seem to have naturally led to this quintessential masterpiece, \\"Babel\\", a tour-de-force of cinematic poetry and complexity of emotion.<br /><br />Placing what seems disconnected stories in four locations of the world, the film gradually comes together like a wonderful jigsaw which succeeds at emphasizing how much all the people of the world depend of each other as well as the difficulty of human communication between us. Without any didactical preaching, the story -- and Inirratu's sure directorial hand --  moves the viewer through pain and redemption like a journey through a perfect diamond. The film travels from a poor sheepherder in Morocco to the final scenes atop a rich penthouse in Tokyo putting the viewer through a kaleidoscopic journey of the heart. Ultimately, the film becomes a great celebration of the human spirit and a testament of precisely what a high art the cinema can be at its best.<br /><br />Don't miss this one, the best film the millennium has given us to date.
0316236535|5.0|My grandson loves his monster books and this was one goes right in with them. Cute book!
B000V86OKG|5.0|I got hooked on Dexter when a friend bought the first season on DVD last year.It was terrible to have to wait and see what was going to happen in season two but I have NOT been disappointed. Even though Dexter is a serial killer you actually find yourself pulling for him in each and every situation. The tension is high in each episode and the humor that is in each episode is wonderful. The interaction between the characters is amazing and the actors playing these characters are absolutely terrific. I actually feel like I know them. If somebody asked me to pick a favorite character I couldn't do it because they all have such underlying drama going on that I switch back and forth as to who is my favorite. BRAVO to another excellent season of \\"DEXTER\\"...can't wait for season three.
0060763280|5.0|This book was an amazing read! With great tips on how to grow your business, your wealth and reach your goals. Learn how to make your financial blueprint work for you and watch your business grow.     Sam Khorramian  La Jolla Lending and Real Estate
0375842209|5.0|Markus Zusak has done an amazing job on his book \\"The Book Thief\\". I have heard that the book will be made into a movie, and I really hope this is true! This is one of my favorite books of all time!<br /><br />It starts out in the 1930s in Nazi Germany in a train, where a little girl (Liesel Meminger) and her mother and younger brother are. They are on their way in the snowy weather to go to a foster home, where the mother is going to leave Liesel and her brother. Liesel's father was a Communist, and he had already been rounded up by the Nazis and sent to a Concentration Camp. His wife was left alone with two young children, and she simply could not take care of them. The boy dies in the train, so Liesel is left and sent off to the foster home of Rosa and Hans Hubermann.<br /><br />The rest of the book tells a happy-yet-sad story of Liesel during her few years on Himmel Street, including her new best friend Rudy, and her eccentric step-parents.<br /><br />I would recommend this fantastic book to anybody in 7th or 8th grade through adult. Any age between then would be blown away by this amazing story.
B0002DB52M|5.0|At about the half-way mark of watching \\"Dogville\\" I was ready to curse out the person who recommended it to me, then sometime before the end of this three hour Trier putdown on American small town life I was on my feet cheering.<br /><br />A perverted minimalist twist on Thornton Wilder's \\"Our Town\\", it tells of sweet fugitive Nicole Kidman asking citizens of a small mining town to hide and protect her -- but what follows will shock and horrify you. Bizarre, demanding, and not for everyone (indeed, it was on a few critics' worst-of-the-year lists), I found it an uncompromising, provocative work of art that eventually packs a wallop. You might find the first half interminable, or even hate the film completely, but you'll never shake off the memory of this film, one that was made for patient adults who can think. A special masterpiece for the very discerning viewer.
B0013FBS20|3.0|It's a great movie by Will Smith. It's kinda acting test for Will, though the ending is not too great.
1401309666|1.0|I purchased this book and was expecting a much better read.  This is just another bunch of self proclaimed babble from someone trying to promote himself as an expert.    You can keep my money, I just want the time back I spent reading this book.    There are too many technology \\"experts\\" out there anymore.
B001AHM2C6|5.0|If you enjoyed the Dark Knight movie as much as I did then you will love to hear the great soundtrack over and over.  Each strain of music brings the exciting memories of the movie back to my mind.  I especially love to blast it in my car and I can see Batman soaring through the air and also visualize the sinister Joker.  What a crime that we've lost Heath Ledyard, his WONDERFUL performance was unforgetable to say the least!    I simply love this soundtrack and find it very exciting to listen to.  Many thanks.  LCJ
B0009RCPY8|5.0|A Must have for all 80's movie fans.  My 4 year old absolutely loves it too.  Great family fun!
0671449028|5.0|It's a wonderful book for toddlers who love animals. Strangely, my daughter (22 months at the time of this review) doesn't really like animals, and so after a short spike she lost interest in this book and doesn't want to read it anymore. It is sad, because it was one of the first books that she virtually memorized and could supply the next word of the story. I want to believe that it's temporary, because it's a delightful story with great rhymes and funny illustrations. We are going to pare down her library a bit soon, but I am not selling or donating any of Sandra Boynton's books.
B000EHSVQ4|3.0|The Director's Cut is the real version of the film, butched to be shown in cinemas.  I'm getting tired of this studio practice, after all, I pay to get into a theater (I'm writing without spelling check, so cover your eyes and forget my writing sins).  This is a fun take into the Crusader Kingdom of Jerusalem, but is short in action for impatient viewers and too light in ideas for those looking for intellectual nourishment.  Phrases about religion and tolerance abound in the film, and this is welcomed.  However, the motives of some of the characters, especially the ones designated to be the villains, are not explained at all.  Why Guy needs war so much?  We know why Saladin does, but what about his foes?  As in history, Saladin and the king are the most memorable characters here.  Every time they speak we listen carrefully, every movement a sign of the times and the will of the nations behind them.  It is a film of spectacle, as well as a political allegory.  Tolerance and Jerusalem, sounds familiar? Well, my disjointed review comes to an end, and to add another point to a list of random thougths: Orlando Bloom was good in the movie, and a weak leader he isn't.  Maybe the writers forced some blatant lines about self-made men out of his troath, but he fought bravely for those words.  Saalam aleikum.
B00004U8JV|5.0|As a dinosaur lover, I first saw this film when I was five, and it still remains as MY FAVORITE MOVIE MOVIE OF ALL TIME!!! The olny movie that has come close to that is probably this summer's The Dark Knight, and other than that, the movie HAS NO RIVALS!!!!!!!! Arrggghhh!!!!! The film has tons of good actors, an EXCELLENT STORY, great acting, great script, great special effects, and great everything!!!! The trailer scene is the best, and coolest scene ever!!! Story summary: After finding out there is another island, Malcomn goes back there with his team, and another team on the way, to find his girlfriend,(the best actress EVER, Julianne Moore) but soon start chaos with the island inhabitants, the dinosaurs. The special effects are the best I've seen in a long time, and the actors are great!(Julianne Moore, Vince Vaughn, Jeff Goldblum, Pete Postlethwaite, Arliss Horward, and believe me, MANY other great actors) And, according to  the number of MILLIONS that this film made, why did you all give this film such bad reviews if you went to see it so many time's? This film remains a box office CHAMPION, with an excellent directer(Steven Spielburg) a great effects guy,(Micheal Lantieri), great composer,(John Williams) great screenplay,(David Koepp) and it's based on one of my favorite novels of all time, THE LOST WORLD, by Micheal Chrichton. I have both the DVD and VHS version of this movie, it's that GOOD!!!!! I've seen it about 25 times people, I KNOW WHAT I'M REVIEWING HERE!!!! So for shame, all of you who gave this film bad reviews, for all of you who gave good reviews, excellent, and for all of you who want to see if this movie is worth it or not, it's HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!! Grade: A+!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000E1ZBH2|4.0|What a treat to view this wonderful Jane Austen tale on the screen! Having read the book more than 40 years ago, the details have become fuzzy to me so I won't worry too much about the movie closely following the book.<br /><br />Kiera Knightly was an absolutely perfect choice to play the role of Elizabeth. Headstrong, opinionated - Ms. Knightly does these well. The dark and brooding Mr. Darcy was also played to perfection by Mr. MacFayden, keeping his good deeds under wraps and bearing the brunt of Elizabeth's scorn.<br /><br />I thoroughly enjoyed the romp through the English countryside of yore. The settings were believable and seemingly accurate. Supporting performance by Donald Sutherland as the father of five marriageable young ladies was a touch of delight.<br /><br />I give this movie four stars because it is so obviously a 'chick flick'.<br /><br />Recommended for PG audiences everywhere.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|There's really no need for me to be redundant and go into great detail here. This show is powerfully affecting when taken as a whole as a redemption piece with great storytelling. But many of the flashback/flahsforwards are so well done that they stand on their own and are on their own, very compelling. I can't say enough about this show or give it a higher recommendation!
B00008DDSC|5.0|In writing this review, I notice that the recommended tags are things like \\"BDSM\\" and \\"taboo,\\" however this view of the movie really doesn't do it justice.  Neither is it done justice by the view of Mary Gaitskill that this is the \\"Pretty Woman\\" version of the short story this movie is based on.  \\"Secretary\\" is not a salacious Dom-sub movie, but it has cinematic qualities that recommend it as something more than a Hollywood romantic comedy.<br /><br />From a set and costume perspective, this is one of the best movies I've ever seen.  Everything chosen for this film is textured, highly sensuous, and beautiful, and the cinematography is well crafted to show off the props without detracting from the story-telling.  The script is also well done with adequate dialog and good plot development.  I hadn't read anything about this film beforehand, I honestly didn't know how it was going to turn out right up til the end, and I wanted to find out!  There is only one really unfortunate choice--a video montage with a pop music soundtrack around 1:40:00 takes you out of the world the director has sucked you into.  But that is only one instance.<br /><br />As for the Dom-sub theme, I was prepared to be turned off, but I was not.  Despite the theme, the movie is not sadistic in its treatment of the heroine.  It invites us to be sympathetic with her, and the James Spader character actually helps her stop one unhealthy and damaging clinical expression of psychopathology.  Whether the relationship that eventually develops between Gyllenhaal and Spader should be considered \\"healthy\\" (or is itself an expression of psychopathology) is something for psychologists and sexologists to debate among themselves, but \\"Secretary\\" does not invite us to leer at exploitation the way a film like \\"Boogie Nights\\" does.<br /><br />This is not a film I would watch with my parents or children, or with hard-left feminists.  But I would watch it with friends or possibly a date (not the first).  If you are a film aficionado or if you enjoy off-beat films (like Tim Burton), you really need to see this one, although I think it could be enjoyed by just about anybody who doesn't have a knee-jerk reaction to the theme.ou enjoy off-beat films (like Tim Burton), you really need to see this one, although I think it could be enjoyed by just about anybody who doesn't have a knee-jerk reaction to the theme.
B00006LSM3|5.0|George's final album and probably his finest overall. I love guitars, ukeleles, and clear sounding classic rock. With lyrics rivaling Bob Dylan's and Georges inward looking spiritual insights 'Brainwashed' is my favorite Beatle solo album. It took 15 years to complete in Harrison's home studio with help from Jimmy Lee Keltner and Jeff Lynne. I play this cd sparingly since I suspect it will have to be enjoyed over the balance of my life time.   I've read that Dhani Harrison and Jeff Lynne have another album's worth of unissued material. What are they saving it for?
0385340990|4.0|When I saw the title of this book, I knew I had to read it.  I grew up on the island of Guernsey from the time I was 7 years old.  There was an elderly woman I knew who had been on the island during the occupation and had talked about making potato peel tea.  So needless to say, it caught my attention.<br /><br />I loved this book.  It was a wonderful way to tell a story, using only letters between the characters.  The descriptions were extraordinary and I was transported back to my time living on the island.  I would highly recommend this book to anyone, especially people interested in that period of history.  This was the only area of Britain which was occupied by the Germans during the war, and there are many reminders of their presence to this day.  This book though, focussed more on the resiliency of people, and their kindness to each other, rather than the divisiveness so often found when armies occupy foreign soil.
B00030DEQE|5.0|This is a must have if you have a giga network. The speed are phenomenal I honestly am happy with this I can finally stream HD/BD movies and move them across my network with in <15 min.. I choose Intel since I have trusted since it a good brand, even through expensive compared to others..The quality is great..
0679805273|5.0|Oh, the Places You'll Go! is a very good graduation gift, and my traditional gift for such occasions. But in regular bookstores, the cost usually averages at $18. Now, used books are great ideas, usually about $5, but not for graduation gifts. So when these $12 per arrived in perfect NEW condition I was thrilled. Go Amazon.
B0012CJQY6|5.0|Action, suspense, excellent cast and crew-the script and plot is amazing!! Not for children or the faint of heart :)
6305882592|5.0|This came highly recommended by a friend.  I can't believe I had never seen it because I've been a movie buff for 40 years.  This is quite enjoyable...definitely quirky.  Ruth Gordon is remarkable.  The soundtrack by Cat Stevens is great too.
0525950079|1.0|Could not read more than one hundred pages.  The prose is extremely dull and the plot very dry, very black and white, lack of depth in characters.      My wife loved it.  Tore through its substantial pages in three days.  I'm not equipped to judge it on my limited (and annoyed) experience with it.  No doubt, some will love it.  Good for them.  It's prose, yes, but it's ugly prose.  Like staring at a deformed baby and wishing its mother (author) would have loved it enough to have provided the surgery (revision) necessary before parading it through the city square.  Dig it?
6305692572|5.0|Alice Green (Meg Ryan) and her husband, Michael (Andy Garcia) are a happily married young couple, until Alice's secret drinking problem is exposed.  Alice goes to rehab and when she comes home, she and Michael don't know how to act with one another without the help of alcohol.<br /><br />This is a really good romantic drama dealing with the terrible ways alcoholism affects a couple and their young children.  Oh, my goodness - that Andy Garcia can act and he's quite the dreamboat, too.  He's so utterly convincing as the tortured husband that it makes me wonder why I haven't seen him in more leading roles.  Meg Ryan, on the other hand, never convinced me she was suffering with guilt or shame or anything; her sunny smile and angelic face were always the same...perky, perky, PERKY!  Alcoholism never looked so good!<br /><br />It's interesting that most of the conflict in the story is after Alice comes home from rehab.  It's only then that they both realize what a big part drinking had in their lives and that they have to start all over in their relationship.  Although the happy ending is never in doubt, this is an emotionally draining film that is very well done.
0312360266|3.0|Not my favorite, but sure it's entertaining. Zoey is very Mary Sue-esque and that Erik is some... cliched character.     Not bad, not that good!
0061537934|5.0|Outstanding book for Dog Lovers and non lovers alike. Very true and hart rendeing. The dog tells nthe story and captures your hart
B00003CXTG|1.0|Hollywood cynicism knows no bounds in this \\"Titanic Meets Tora! Tora! Tora!\\" rehash. \\"Pearl Harbor\\" (2001) was made specifically for viewers too young to remember the Oscar-winning \\"From Here to Eternity.\\" The producers could have saved a fortune by reissuing director Fred Zimmerman's 1953 classic - thus sparing us three hours of bad cinema. Nearly as embarrassing as the 1982 fiasco \\"Inchon.\\"
B000EWBKK8|5.0|For all they nay believers of this movie and gave 1-stars for the film for Hollywood-ism.  I can assure you the truth of international arm dealing business is real.  I have seen act of an acquaintance of a friend who deligently donates rolls of money to charities to wash away sin of her Jewish husband's bloody business.  And yes, corruption exist in our government.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|This is a great new series with brilliant writing,and directing.  They have a wonderful cast that portray thier characters with delight.  I highley reccomend this series for serious tv viewers.  Not reccomended for the likes of reality show lovers.
031606792X|4.0|I'm starting to get into the whole vampire thing. Before I tried watching Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Angel and the movie Queen of the Damned. And the whole thing just struck me as disturbing. Now I'm watching Black Blood Brothers, Trinity Blood and Hellsing and am actually enjoying them. All thanks for this series called Twilight, though not the best out there, it helped change my perspective of the whole \\"vampire thing,\\" since that faithful day I walked into the bookstore and decided to sit down in a secluded spot in Books-A-Million with Twilight. Now with that same friend I' am talking about this series and enjoying it. And since it has \\"finally,\\" ended (which is a nice change after reading so many series only to wait \\"forever,\\" for the series to end) I can move on to other things. Although I won't be a total \\"vampireholic,\\" I won't be so \\"anti-vampires,\\" either, let alone \\"anti-popularized,\\" series anymore.<br />The final book wasn't near as engrossing as the first one was, but it wasn't a total disappointment either. Bella and Edward are married and go off to live there lives when a couple of things turn Bella's world upside down. Previous to the whole \\"family,\\" thing explored in earlier Twilight books it won't just be Bella, Edward, and Jacob anymore. An enemy first introduced in New Moon comes into full light and into full threat that threatens the very existence of the Cullen family and there friends. The \\"were wolves,\\" play an important role in the book, and Jacob comes into his birthright. The writing style is VERY different from the previous book, so be prepared for that.<br />There are a few things that I want to discuss besides just the plot. I know that a lot of people discriminate this series as being \\"evil,\\" or \\"portraying bad messages,\\" and that Bella is the perfect \\"Mary Sue,\\" (Oh please! I have heard similar arguments about the female heroin of the SOA series by Elizabeth Haydon concerning Rhapsody, and it gets real tiring after a while). Why can't there be a \\"happily ever after?\\" Isn't this a fantasy novel? This is mainly for entertainment purposes and if you want to treat it as a Text Book or a novel written by Satin Himself, than go jump off a bridge or something. Just because the book has vampires in it doesn't make it evil, (like a similar argument about Harry Potter being evil JUST because it has magic in it) after hearing that load of junk for so many years, I feel like taking some of the \\"over-protective-parents,\\" and giving them a good shake. Just because it has a staple of \\"vampire,\\" doesn't mean there are vampires running around biting people's heads of, stuffed with pages and pages of sexual scenes complete with blood and gore. The series is so much more than that and does portray a message of \\"fighting the inner demon inside of us and succeeding in the end,\\" and is far more modest than typical vampire romance series out there on the shelves.<br />People who have never read the series and hear a tad bit and immediately jump to the conclusion that there children shouldn't read it is a bunch of bull. If they really want to see what there children are reading, they should crack the book open themselves and read it. Maybe they will learn a thing or two besides sharing gossip and reading these reviews.<br />I rather loved and enjoyed the Twilight series, for those of you \\"closed-minded,\\" people who are too engrossed in finding the bad elements in a book, re-take on this series and decide for yourself. I believe Stephenie Meyer wrapped this series up pretty good. I think Bella and Edward needed a happy ending, and they finally got it.a \\"happily ever after?\\" Isn't this a fantasy novel? This is mainly for entertainment purposes and if you want to treat it as a Text Book or a novel written by Satin Himself, than go jump off a bridge or something. Just because the book has vampires in it doesn't make it evil, (like a similar argument about Harry Potter being evil JUST because it has magic in it) after hearing that load of junk for so many years, I feel like taking some of the \\"over-protective-parents,\\" and giving them a good shake. Just because it has a staple of \\"vampire,\\" doesn't mean there are vampires running around biting people's heads of, stuffed with pages and pages of sexual scenes complete with blood and gore. The series is so much more than that and does portray a message of \\"fighting the inner demon inside of us and succeeding in the end,\\" and is far more modest than typical vampire romance series out there on the shelves.  People who have never read the series and hear a tad bit and immediately jump to the conclusion that there children shouldn't read it is a bunch of bull. If they really want to see what there children are reading, they should crack the book open themselves and read it. Maybe they will learn a thing or two besides sharing gossip and reading these reviews.  I rather loved and enjoyed the Twilight series, for those of you \\"closed-minded,\\" people who are too engrossed in finding the bad elements in a book, re-take on this series and decide for yourself. I believe Stephenie Meyer wrapped this series up pretty good. I think Bella and Edward needed a happy ending, and they finally got it.
B001BKXUOQ|1.0|Could someone (a Slipknot fan) explain the connection between Bette Midler and the band Slipknot? I just don't see it.
B00005NNMK|3.0|Some have referred to Europe (both fans and critics) as being sort of like Sweden's own reply to Bon Jovi. I can most certainly understand the comparison between the two. But, as far as I am concerned - Bon Jovi writes better songs. This CD reissue adds on three bonus tracks to lure - you, the purchaser to rush out and get it. Used to know a handful of friends-of-a friend and acquaintances who were big fans of Europe. Personally, I have always thought that Europe had received (entirely) too much praise for what they had done. Some of this disc's noteworthy cuts include the title song \\"The Final Countdown\\" (good keyboard work, but it gets old after the first - time you see the Mtv video / hear the song 500 times), sort of liked - the catchy \\"Rock The Night\\", their ballad \\"Carrie\\" is okay, the melodic \\"Time Has Come\\" as well as \\"On The Loose\\" are pretty decent too. Until now, I never knew that this title was Europe's third effort. Even more so, I had absolutely no idea that vocalist Joey Tempest and crew had - nine actual / proper / regular CD titles out, as I never really kept track of the band's activity. Heard from a former record store clerk that I used to know that Europe has a current title out now 'Bag Of Bones' which has (all, if not most) of the same personnel from 'Countdown'. Always had a lot of respect for long-running bands that can get the old / early line-up back together.
B001BGTWXI|5.0|I first heard Psychosocial expecting normal Slipknot stuff. Instead, I got something much heavier and more complex. I, personally, am thoroughly satisfied with this CD. This disc varies more than Slipknot ever has before, displaying highly talented musicianship, ranging from slow and threatening (Gehenna), to classic Slipknot stuff (Gematria), to hard rock almost reminiscent of front man Corey Taylor's other band Stone Sour (Vendetta), to something that resurrects thoughts of Slayer (All Hope is Gone). It's brutally brilliant and diverse. Check it out.
B000UNYJXQ|5.0|I don't know about you, but I am scared to death. In-between me and my doctor, sits a corporate administrative layer, who decides what treatment I may receive and what they will cover, based mainly on their profit projections! This movie expertly analyzes the U.S. health care system, which is the most costly in the world, per person, and then compares that with other health care systems. I leave it to you, to decide which yields the better results.
B00004RF8J|5.0|This is a classic movie with an entertaining plot performed by excellent actors.  It is a musical comedy with something for everyone.  This movie is just for entertainment, though it does sound some solid underlying themes about facing up to your problems.
B0013FXWU6|3.0|This is an entertaining OK movie. Not one of the greats as many previous reviewers have written. I won't go through the story-line because others have done a good job on that. And yes the cinematography is beautiful. But I have two problems with this film. Firstly, the story itself. OK, two rival characters each tormented by their own obsessions set in an epic historical background. But so what? We've seen that stuff so many times before. It's what Hollywood's about. Which makes it too self-consciously an attempt at 'greatness.' And that's where it goes wrong. Foreign films don't make this mistake the way we do in America. They convey a message and then let the viewer decide whether the movie's great. It's like we're constantly being reminded \\"this is a great movie, guys.\\" Secondly, I have a problem with Day Lewis himself and found the preacher more convincing. Day Lewis is too perfect. He's such a competent method actor that I found myself wondering - maybe one day we can programme a robot to act perfectly and we won't need actors. Like Meryl Streep. For me when you see a truly great actor perform not only must they be competent but they must seem human. Bogart plays hundreds of different characters convincingly but you somehow can see Bogart's soul shining through as well as the soul of the characters he acts. Day Lewis is a great vehicle but who is Day Lewis himself? Having seen many films of his I still don't know. It sounds strange but he's almost so good at acting that he seems empty himself.
B0012GMXYM|5.0|Even though you sent the CD by Pony Express ( it took 6 calendar days to receive it from Kentucky to North Carolina), I did receive it. Thanks.
031606792X|4.0|I've been longing for this book all summer and when i finally got it in my hands it was like a miracle !  Though i'm french I decided to command this book in english because i did know i would never be able to wait two more month until the release of \\" breaking dawn\\" in France .  I finished this massive book in a week ! Because when you start to read that book it's just so hard to drop it unless your eyes can no longer stay opended . As usual , the relation between Bella , Edward and Jacob is full of surprises moreover many different and original events occured and of course a main and dangerous problem must be solved .  Though it hasn't been as much mysterious that \\" TWILIGHT \\" or as heartbreaking , tense and sad as \\" NEW MOON \\" and \\" ECLIPSE \\" ( that's why I didn't put five stars ) , this final book got me totally AD-DIC-TED !!  It has been a great pleasure to read that book as much as the three previous ones ! And it's kind of sad knowing there won't be a fifth...Guess all goods things do have to come to and end , after all .  For all the fans ( or people who have read the three previous books and wonder if the fourth is worth it ) around the world :   if you haven't purchased \\" BREAKING DAWN \\" yet , just rush to the closest bookshop or command it on Amazon because it's definitely worth it and you won't be dissapointed !
B000TT1QLE|1.0|The recording is not good, more or less a little resonant, bad timbre, but the rendering is the worst: a lot of piano pedal (awful for Bach), too much dynamics and agoge, many odd and stupid rendering ideas... An extremely shallow, trivial, and boring, rendition too. Someone could say that it isn't the sustaining pedal but the resonance of recording. But you can often hear, at the end of many peices, the typical noise when the pedal lifts and almost no sound after, and I can show for example a point in the middle of a peice in the middle of the first cd (I don't remeber now which peice, but I can find it if you want) where the music stops for a very little while and no sound remains. If you want play or listen on piano a correct Bach, also good or excellent, without too much artistic ambition (Glenn Gould), learn from Martha Argerich (or even, perhaps, from Dinu Lipatti). I'm very disappointed...<br /><br />P.S.: Ah... Awful kitsch cover, not accidentally.
B001E780W8|5.0|A lot of people dont like this album because it is different but if every album Slipknot did was the same what purpose would it serve to make a new album every few years! My opinion is very positive starts out pretty heavy and honest ends very open and honest so buy it you wont be disapointed!
0399227539|5.0|Hungry caterpillar is great for 3-5 yr olds.  Youngest to Older: Goodnight Moon, then Guess How Much I Love You, then Very Hungry Caterpillar.  They are then ready for Suess.
0452289963|5.0|This book is beyond any words that I can type as a review. But I believe that I owe it to this world to at least express that I found this book to be priceless. If there is ever a gift that you can give to someone you love, it is this book. It will benefit your love ones far more than any financial gift that you could dream of giving. Again, because there are not many words to express my deep, deep appreciation of this gift, I will simply say that it is definitely for those who are open to more than what they see with the naked eye. As you can read from many reviews on this site, people are so identified with their religion, among many other things, that they can't grab a hold to a concept that is this simple, this admirable, this priceless, and this peaceful. Tolle, you may never know my level of gratitude.
0064431789|5.0|Your 5 yr old will stay on your lap for the whole book and ask again tomorrow.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I would recommend this soundtrack because of the great ABBA music and excellent singing of the cast.   M. Banks
0694003611|5.0|Read this to your toddlers.  You will find magic with them and start their interest in reading.
0810994739|5.0|My son is going into 3rd grade and I tried all sorts of books to grab his interest and get him reading, this one did it, he reads this at night and when I go in to say lights out he pleads to read a few more pages.  He laughs and reads me parts that he thinks are funny - enough said!!
B0013L2EDQ|3.0|I love to read Rollins' novels. With each one I am amazed at multiple issues I learn in a fun way.  It seems I'll read one of his novels, then I'll hear something on the news that relates to a group or idea I had not known. His knowledge of government op units, and the history of a particular area is worth reading the book in itself.  This book revolved around the Marco Polo story, where he describes several possibilities of what could have happened to the mysterious disappearance of several ships and men.  This includes a deadly virus called \\"The Judas Strain.\\"       HOWEVER,     The Judas Strain was the epitomy of \\"overdoneness\\" if there is such a word. How many times, I began to wonder, can the same people get beat up, attacked, hunted, thrown overboard, thrown down wells, fighting with giant squid, etc and still come out alive, ALWAYS coming out ahead.  It seems with each book Rollins gets a little more carried away with ridiculous scenes of the heros getting involved in unbelievable odds of \\"winning,\\" and always ending up at the brink of death with only to pop back to life to do it all over again...and again...    Personally, I found the 15 CD's on the book on tape tiring. I found myself frequently not paying attention.  I would recommend the abridged version of this box on tape.
B000002H2H|4.0|This was a leap and bounds advance forward for Metallica in only 1 year time, but this album is not quite perfect people. With only 8 tracks on an album everything has to be perfect. While songs like \\"Trapped Under Ice\\", \\"Escape\\", and \\"Creeping Death\\" are very good, they aren't great. The highlights are the first 4 songs.
0307237699|4.0|Before I go any further, I have a quick public service announcement: Regardless of which candidate strikes your fancy, don't forget to register to vote before your state's registration deadline. A country where half the citizens don't participate in the process of choosing its leader is not a healthy country!<br /><br />With that said, I loved this book. It took a couple chapters to get to the juicy stuff of specific ideas for solutions to our nation's problems. But looking back on the beginning of the book, I realize how important it was for Obama to start off talking about values and the common threads that pull Americans together--no matter whether they consider themselves blue, red, purple, or indifferent to politics.<br /><br />And if nothing else, reading this book cemented my resolve to not only vote for Obama but to donate to the campaign and volunteer for him as well. Obama is a leader who can find common ground and lead us toward solutions to the problems that are tearing us apart as a country.<br /><br />Obama is by no means my political kindred spirit or anything. I will probably always be more progressive than any Presidential candidate with a real shot at the White House. But Obama shares the values I hold most dear. We feel the call to take care of our fellow humans when we can, and not just when we live in the same house or the same neighborhood. We try not to devolve into \\"us and them\\" when thinking and speaking about those who don't share our exact political views. We realize that luck plays a large part in providing the opportunities you have for a good education, a good job, and a healthy life.<br /><br />I was lucky to have been born into a middle-class family who could afford to live in a neighborhood that had excellent schools. Not to mention I was born with white skin that sadly, makes a lot of things in this country more accessible. Did I work hard to achieve what I have in life--a loving husband, a healthy daughter, a great job, a beautiful home? Sure. But does that mean that someone who cleans homes like mine for a living and has three kids at home and another job at night and lives in a tiny apartment on the \\"wrong\\" side of town works any less hard than I do? I know in my bones they work harder, much harder. So why am I more deserving of the things I have? I'm not. Mainly, I'm lucky.<br /><br />We are stronger as a nation--as a world--when we all have the opportunity to live a healthy, happy life. Obama recognizes that and has great ideas for providing that opportunity to more people, and that's a candidate I can get behind.<br /><br />Finally, I'd like to share a few quotes that rang true to me:<br /><br />  * \\"...the Ownership Society doesn't even try to spread the risks and rewards of the new economy among all Americans. Instead, it simply magnifies the uneven risks and rewards of today's winner-take-all economy. If you are healthy or wealthy or just plain lucky, then you will become more so. If you are poor or sick or catch a bad break, you will have nobody to look to for help. That's not a recipe for sustained economic growth or the maintenance of a strong American middle class. It's certainly not a recipe for social cohesion. It runs counter to those values that say we have a stake in each other's success. It's not who we are as a people.\\"<br /><br />  * \\"So let's be clear. The rich in America have little to complain about. Between 1971 and 2001, while the median wage and salary income of the average worker showed literally no gain, the income of the top hundredth of a percent went up almost 500 percent. The distribution of wealth is even more skewed, and levels of inequality are now higher than at any time since the Gilded Age. These trends were already at work throughout the nineties. Clinton's tax policies simply slowed them down a bit. Bush's tax cuts made them words.<br /><br />  I point out these facts not--as Republican talking points would have it--to stir up class envy. I admire manyAmericans of great wealth and don't begrudge their success in the least. I know that many if not most have earned it through hard work, building businesses and creating jobs and providing value to their customers. I simply believe that those of us who have benefited most from this new economy can best afford to shoulder the obligation of ensuring every American child has a chance for that same success. And perhaps I possess a certain Midwestern sensibility that I inherited from my mother and her parents...: that at a certain point one has enough, that you can derive as much pleasure from a Picasso hanging in a museum as from one that's hanging in your den, that you can get an awfully good meal in a restaurant for less than twenty dollars, and that once your drapes cost more than the average American's yearly salary, then you can afford to pay a bit more in taxes.<br /><br />  More than anything, it is that sense--that despite great differences in wealth, we rise and fall together--that we can't afford to lose. As the pace of change accelerates, with some rising and many falling, that sense of common kinship becomes harder to maintain. ...we have always been in a constant balancing act between self-interest and community, markets and democracy, the concentration of wealth and power and the opening up of opportunity. We've lost that balance in Washington, I think. With all of us scrambling to raise money for campaigns, with unions weakened and the press distracted and lobbyists for the powerful pressing their full advantage, there are few countervailing voices to remind us of who we are and where we've come from, and to affirm our bonds with one another.\\"<br /><br />  * On his daughter Sasha's birthday party, where she sat in the middle of a parachute: \\"On the count of three, Sasha was hoisted up into the air and back down again, then up for a second time, and then for a third. And each time she rose above the billowing sail, she laughed and laughed with a look of pure joy.<br /><br />  I wonder if Sasha will remember that moment when she is grown. Probably not; it seems as if I can retrieve only the barest fragments of memory from when I was five. But I suspect that the happiness she felt on that parachute registers permanently in her; that such moments accumulate and embed themselves in a child's character, becoming a part of their soul. Sometimes, when I listen to [my wife] Michelle talk about her father, I hear the echo of such joy in her, the love and respect that [her father] Frasier Robinson earned not through fame or spectacular deeds but through small, daily, ordinary acts--a love he earned by being there. And I ask myself whether my daughters will be able to speak of me in that same way.\\"<br /><br />So if you like what you've read here, check out Obama's site and learn more about his vision for this country.e least. I know that many if not most have earned it through hard work, building businesses and creating jobs and providing value to their customers. I simply believe that those of us who have benefited most from this new economy can best afford to shoulder the obligation of ensuring every American child has a chance for that same success. And perhaps I possess a certain Midwestern sensibility that I inherited from my mother and her parents...: that at a certain point one has enough, that you can derive as much pleasure from a Picasso hanging in a museum as from one that's hanging in your den, that you can get an awfully good meal in a restaurant for less than twenty dollars, and that once your drapes cost more than the average American's yearly salary, then you can afford to pay a bit more in taxes.          More than anything, it is that sense--that despite great differences in wealth, we rise and fall together--that we can't afford to lose. As the pace of change accelerates, with some rising and many falling, that sense of common kinship becomes harder to maintain. ...we have always been in a constant balancing act between self-interest and community, markets and democracy, the concentration of wealth and power and the opening up of opportunity. We've lost that balance in Washington, I think. With all of us scrambling to raise money for campaigns, with unions weakened and the press distracted and lobbyists for the powerful pressing their full advantage, there are few countervailing voices to remind us of who we are and where we've come from, and to affirm our bonds with one another.\\"        * On his daughter Sasha's birthday party, where she sat in the middle of a parachute: \\"On the count of three, Sasha was hoisted up into the air and back down again, then up for a second time, and then for a third. And each time she rose above the billowing sail, she laughed and laughed with a look of pure joy.          I wonder if Sasha will remember that moment when she is grown. Probably not; it seems as if I can retrieve only the barest fragments of memory from when I was five. But I suspect that the happiness she felt on that parachute registers permanently in her; that such moments accumulate and embed themselves in a child's character, becoming a part of their soul. Sometimes, when I listen to [my wife] Michelle talk about her father, I hear the echo of such joy in her, the love and respect that [her father] Frasier Robinson earned not through fame or spectacular deeds but through small, daily, ordinary acts--a love he earned by being there. And I ask myself whether my daughters will be able to speak of me in that same way.\\"    So if you like what you've read here, check out Obama's site and learn more about his vision for this country.
B000002H33|5.0|To be the greatest metal band ever, it would only make sense to hold the title as having made the greatest metal album ever, right? Exactly! This is Metallica's Magnum Opus. Many tried to duplicate this \\"perfect\\" album and EVERYONE failed. I'm not even going to attempt to give any highlights, okay i will anyway....Every song!
159102594X|5.0|If you are not bothered by graphic violence this is a first rate fantasy. I would suggest that you either purchase all three books or you will be upset with having to wait to continue the journey. This series is on my Hall of Fame shelf at home with George R.R. Martin's Ice and Fire series and Jennifer Fallon's Second Sons trilogy. I can't wait to see what Abercrombie comes out with next.
B0011HF6GE|2.0|I bought this CD based on \\"rave reviews\\".  I guess I'm either shallow or something, but I found the vocal style hard to take.  I played it for my wife (we rarely agree on what good music is all about) and she found it annoying.  For what it's worth she has a music degree.  Anyway, I'm going to give it a try again because I really believe there is some good music there, but it may be a while.  I'd advise anyone to listen to samples before they buy.
B0015XASFS|2.0|I really think Josh Groban is a talent and sings well.  What a shame he is picking particularly bad songs and many of them, sorry, NOT sung in English.  This man could have the appeal of Barbara Streisand or Neil Diamond or his contemporary, Celine Dion, and fiddles with South African twaddle and seemingly drug induced songs about falling, etc.  The best song on the dvd is \\"You are Loved\\" and its not even featured on the accompanying cd.  This is a really lame set and is priced very high.  I hope that Josh, who deserves a long lasting career, picks better songs, continues to release his cd/dvd combinations, teams up with Celine Dion and other pop vocalists occasionally, and enters the stratosphere rather than lingering in the depths of weird and only personally relevant to him music.  You can sing Josh...now make us all fall in love with some great new English songs please.  I just about fell off my chair with your useless South African song on this album.  Sorry it didnt capture my attention or interest at all - though it clearly satisfied some need for you.  Tackle a few well written new upbeat popular songs in your next venture.  Sing a duet with Celine.  \\"You are Loved\\" was heartfelt and yet it too only scratched the surface on this album of what you are truly capable of and destined for.  The world needs a better effort from you with songs that truly soar.  This album underwhelmed, sorry.
B0007GAEGC|5.0|Don't know how I happened to stumble across this find but I'm very glad I did. I love celtic music and this is a great CD to ad to your collection I think. Different takes on the folk songs are very interesting. Some I personally feel ruin the songs, others its just nice to hear. If you want to listen to beautiful voices and songs this CD is for you!
031606792X|5.0|I know a bunch of people hated this book and I can see why. The writing style is a little different and instead of the whole book being in Bella's POV it switches between Bella to Jacob and back to Bella.     I loved this book. I thought it was the perfect ending to the Twilight saga. The beginning was a little odd, like Stephenie couldn't finder her 'grove' but in the second chapter she found it and the book took off running.    The whole pregancy thing was a total curve ball but not totally unexpected. Once you think about it, Stephenie never said Bella couldn't get pregnant by Edward she just said vampires couldn't get pregnant.    The face-off scene between the Volturi and the Cullens and their witnesses is perfect. Many wanted a fight scene but then who would live? Maybe Bella and Edward? A lot of vampires and werewolves would die, who really wants that? It was a mind game...like chess. Remember when Alice and Edward played chess? Only 3 pieces were moved before Alice tipped her king over. No one had to die, it was all a mind game.    I gave this book a 5/5 review because I loved it and it will be one I don't mind re-reading for years to come.
055357342X|5.0|This is book three of this intricately-plotted, cast-of-thousands series and it easily represents a couple of reams of paper.  The reader needs weightlifting to pick it up and the endurance of a soldier on a death march.  Once you start, you are chained to it, in thrall to the drama and epic sweep of the story.  Multiple characters hold a reader's interest; some are likable; some not so much.  Every storyline has one sympathetic character in great peril.  The characters develop and change; the reader's view of them shifts constantly.<br /><br />Jaime Lannister is one of the undoubted bad guys with incest and murder in his background.  He killed the king he was sworn to protect and crippled a child of seven.  One spends the first two books hating him, but in this one, we see some of his inner motivations.  We watch him growing a conscience and start to admire him for his good qualities. In his wit and bravery, he resembles his brother Tyrion. His story is one of many that undergo dramatic changes of circumstance and unpredictable shifts.<br /><br />Jon Snow, the bastard son of Eddard Stark, Lord of Winterfell, is another character whose circumstances upend themselves.  Daenerys is another character who transforms herself.  It is interesting that these two characters seem to be moving in a parallel direction.<br /><br />As splendid as this series is, I can see fault lines developing as the story lines splinter and more characters and more plot lines are brought before the reader.  The author has a habit of leaving a character in peril at the end of a chapter and with so many stories going at once, it is frequently a long time before he can get back to that thread.  Seven hundred pages of this will leave the reader feeling jerked around.  I would have deducted a star, but the author presented so many dramatic twists near the end of the book that I was stunned.  Suddenly one sees why he splits off and follows Sam Tarly; one gets the point of something five hundred pages earlier.  The complexity and permutations of fortune will make re-reading this series as great a pleasure as the first reading was.  This is splendid value for the money, a series and a book to treasure for years to come.y and permutations of fortune will make re-reading this series as great a pleasure as the first reading was.  This is splendid value for the money, a series and a book to treasure for years to come.
1559211407|5.0|After seeing the wonderful film starring Anne Bancroft and Anthony Hopkins, I was anxious to read the book. It did not disappoint. I enjoyed the book even more than the film. It was so nice to peek into  the friendship that developed between Helene and Frank through their   letters. I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
B000PC6A3E|5.0|WARNING   I'm not reviewing the movie (plenty of those around) but the disc content itself!!! As seen on my Philips 60\\", 1080i HDTV. And heard on My Polk Audio speakers powered by my Luxmann 400 Watts(RMS) Amp.     -Video- 10/10 Excellent contrast. No film grain visible  -Audio- (Dolby 5.1) 9/10 Great sound but a bit lacking in dynamic range (BOOMS! not loud enough compared to whispers)  -Extra features- 10/10 Notably, a great piece on the Batmobile.
1881273156|4.0|Gary Chapman's theories and practice FEEL right. We can all benefit from using his ideas, what harm can it do to think about what your partner needs to feel loved and try it? Love this book and have bought copies for my friends and family (who also love it)
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|WARNING   I'm not reviewing the movie (plenty of those around) but the disc content itself!!! As seen on my Philips 60\\", 1080i HDTV. And heard on My Polk Audio speakers powered by my Luxmann 400 Watts(RMS) Amp.     -Video- 10/10 Film grain can be seen but it was put there intentionaly for artistic effect. weather you like it or not is a question of personal taste and not quality of the product.  -Audio- (Dolby 5.1) 10/10 Just superb. Some surround effects (or lack there-of) could have been a little bit better but it's not enough to lower the perfect score.  -Extras- 9/10 I didn't have time to watch them all (yet) but those I did see, were quite interesting and of good audio/visual quality.
B000Y7U98W|5.0|I think one of my friend's reaction best sums up the mainstream perspective: bubble-gum in mouth, she yawned several times throughout the movie, and ended with \\"that was kinda boring sorry\\" . Well, it was expected. This is no Star Wars, Alien, or Armageddon. Those were geared toward entertainment; this movie is brain food imo. It caters to the crowd that likes the immersive experience rather than the actual plot - which some hardcore sci-fi fans consider too unrealistic. Suspend your astrophysics misgivings and the whole concept of the Sun dying and then you'll truly appreciate the movie.    Sunshine is more about the sanity of the astronauts sent to do this mission for mankind's survival. Watch the tensions between people, why having a psychologist on board was crucial, the consequences of doing anything wrong to jeopardize the payload, etc. Only then will you empathize with later characters in the movie like ***SPOILER  [the other captain trying to kill the crew b.c of his religious beliefs and of mankind's relationship with God and the universe.]****    Add to the above extraordinary visuals - here I was most surprised, as low-budget as the movie was its visuals look like a Stanley Kubrick creation. It looks simply beautiful in 1080P (yes, buy on Blu Ray just for the video quality) with a great score by John Murphy (28 Days Later rmr?).    Reminds me a lot of films like Gattaca, Vanilla Sky, Solaris, and 2001: a Space Odyssey. I'm sad to see only 3.5 stars for this; IMDb has a more agreeable 7.3 rating from 50,000 ppl. If you love artsy and deep musing movies (but not technically accurate lol) please watch this!
B000UBMWG4|5.0|WARNING   I'm not reviewing the movie (plenty of those around) but the disc content itself!!! As seen on my Philips 60\\", 1080i HDTV. And heard on My Polk Audio speakers powered by my Luxmann 400 Watts(RMS) Amp.     -Main disc (2007 Remaster)  -Video- 10/10 Great remaster. Sharp image. No film grain. Excellent contrast.  -Audio- (Dolby 5.1) 9/10 I would have given it 10 but I didn't get the chance to listen to it very loud and I'm afraid since this is a 1982 recording, some tape hiss might still be present. Although if you juge by the way they restored the image, the sound may be perfect as well.  -Extras- 10/10 Includes 3 earlier versions of the film and 3 dvd full of extras... You couldn't possibly want more unless you wear \\"Blade Runner\\" jammies to bed and have a cardboard cut-out of Harisson Ford in your bedroom...    -Alternate (early) movie releases disc- 3 versions of the movie on one disc. A very interesting concept. Please permit me a short editorial note on the subject. Why not do the same but adapted to ratings instead? Take an \\"R\\" rated movie but decide to watch the \\"PG\\" version with the kids automaticaly skipping over the nudity and extreme violent parts of some scenes? These parts are usualy there only as an \\"entertainment\\" value anyway and generaly don't bring a lot to the plot. Think about it!    OK back to \\"Blade Runner\\" Alternate (early) movie releases disc- 3 versions of the movie on the same disc-  -Video- 8/10 Film grain can be seen. Contrast and sharpness not as ggod as main disc.  -Audio- 7/10 Good for a 1982 recording    A great value.
B000000H57|5.0|I bought this album when I was 19, it made me cry then when I was alone in dark cold nights, it makes me cry now as I sit alone in front of my laptop writing this review in my basement. There's no doubt that this concept album very visually transports its listeners from its inception through its dead end. I think I want to say one more thing about this album that I haven't after all the reviews and top lists I have properly placed it in. I am in love with October Rust, and I will probably never stay in a steady relationship because of it.
0385340990|4.0|I purchased this book after reading a review in a magazine. What a wonderful surprise!  It unfolds slowly and then ropes you in till you can't put it down.  I can honestly say it is one of my favorite books.
0375703764|3.0|I loved this book through the first 1/2 or 2/3 of it.  Then it just started to ramble, like the author wasn't quite sure how or where to end it.  Even the twist at the end couldn't make it worth it.  It's too bad, because I thought it was a great premise and that he was doing some really interesting things.
B000VDDDVO|5.0|`It's a Wonderful Life' is one of those movies that could easily have fallen victim to its own popularity.  Rendered as one of the greatest American films, `It's a Wonderful Life' has a lot to live up to, and with all that hype comes, at times, major disappointment.  The nice thing about `It's a Wonderful Life' is that it actually lives up to the hype, and then some.  Not only is it one of the most heartwarming films I've ever had the privilege of seeing (sure, it may not seem it at times, but just wait) but it is also one of the smartest and most intelligent films to come along.<br /><br />The film tells the story of George Bailey, your typical `nice' guy with big dreams that finds himself shortchanged by everyday happenstance until he's married with children, still living in the same small town he wanted so badly to escape from and working a job he never anticipated or desired.  It's not that George is unhappy it's just that he is less than satisfied.  As events unfold within his life that press firmly upon him to where he starts to feel trapped George contemplates the unfathomable.<br /><br />Suicide.<br /><br />The film somewhat starts at this point; with an angel being sent down to save George from himself in an attempt to gain his wings.  What follows is a beautiful look at a life lived to the full despite not being lived as fully as one would have hoped, and then we get a glimpse at what life would have been like had George never lived at all, and while the results are a tad on the extreme side they help us to appreciate that each and everyone of us play a large part in the lives of everyone we touch.  It's a beautiful and sincere message that resonates with everyone and touches every soul.<br /><br />If you walk away from `It's a Wonderful Life' unmoved then you must have ice in your veins.<br /><br />Some pass this movie over expecting it to be nothing more than a Christmas film, but Christmas is the smallest part of this film.  Yes, it is used around the holidays to fill the heart with gladness and express the wonderment of children and family and friends and blessings but those emotions and that message is much farther reaching than a single yearly event.<br /><br />The film is bolstered along by some beautiful performances, especially from James Stewart (who has never been one of my favorite actors).  He delivers such a powerfully moving and real portrayal of a man who doesn't fully understand all that he has until he is faced with the prospect of never having it at all.  His transformation from a man down and out and unsatisfied to a man striving to retain all that he fears he has lost is amazing and utterly convincing.  This is the type of performance that moves people to tears.  I was also impressed with Lionel Barrymore who portrays Henry F. Potter (the Scrooge in this tale) with such devilish intrigue.  He is the perfect villain to Stewart's worn soul.  This is the type of villain you love to hate.<br /><br />In the end I must urge everyone to watch this movie, not once, not twice but over and over again.  Don't limit yourself to that one time of year to enjoy this wonderful movie but indulge yourself with one of the most beautifully complete tales of love, life and the American dream ever made.ess and express the wonderment of children and family and friends and blessings but those emotions and that message is much farther reaching than a single yearly event.      The film is bolstered along by some beautiful performances, especially from James Stewart (who has never been one of my favorite actors).  He delivers such a powerfully moving and real portrayal of a man who doesn't fully understand all that he has until he is faced with the prospect of never having it at all.  His transformation from a man down and out and unsatisfied to a man striving to retain all that he fears he has lost is amazing and utterly convincing.  This is the type of performance that moves people to tears.  I was also impressed with Lionel Barrymore who portrays Henry F. Potter (the Scrooge in this tale) with such devilish intrigue.  He is the perfect villain to Stewart's worn soul.  This is the type of villain you love to hate.    In the end I must urge everyone to watch this movie, not once, not twice but over and over again.  Don't limit yourself to that one time of year to enjoy this wonderful movie but indulge yourself with one of the most beautifully complete tales of love, life and the American dream ever made.
B000002KLP|5.0|Justifiably hailed as a masterpiece at the time of its release in 1980, Dirty Mind shows Prince at his most consistent, if not his absolute best.  Fans of the artist should already be familiar with this, his breakthrough album, but for those just discovering early Prince, some observations.<br /><br />Recording in his early twenties, Prince consistently employed the high-falsetto voice that fit the gender-bending image he was presenting - don't forget the seventies were just ending.  It wasn't until a little later that he started using his sinuous voice's natural masculine range (as heard on 1984's \\"Purple Rain\\").  The only time he drops it down (one line in \\"Uptown\\") it almost sounds like a mistake.  And although he plays most of the instruments, he still manages to give the recording a strong \\"band\\" sound.  There's not much variety in the instrumentation, but this serves more to unify the work than to make it all sound the same.  This might be a problem in a longer work, but like so many great albums, this one's decidedly short.  Even so, the closing \\"Party Up\\" probably suffers as much from following songs too much like it as a weakness in the writing.<br /><br />And speaking of writing, Prince's was never so focused before or since.  Every song is tight, economical and to the point, and every song is about Prince's favorite topic, sex, with salacious lyrics that cover the subject from a number of angles.  And with the incestuous \\"Sister\\" he carves out a space for himself as perhaps the dirtiest mind of all.<br /><br />This release is definitely of a piece with its time, and the synth sounds particularly sound a bit dated today - the drum sounds perhaps even more so, but Prince makes a strong stylistic statement here that he would continue to build on for years to come, expanding it to include greater diversity in tone, in subject matter, in instrumentation, but he never put together a complete collection that was as consistently enjoyable.
B000AAF1U4|5.0|Some actors were meant to do voice over work.  Take Eddie Murphy for instance; his voice is the perfect tone of comedic brilliance to lend itself heavily to the animated picture.  You can pencil in David Spade right next to him as far as I am concerned, because Spade has the perfect brand of sarcastic delivery that makes a cartoon all the more entertaining.  Yes, David Spade elevates `The Emperor's New Groove' from light fluffy fun into a hilarious romp through the jungle and catapults it to the top of my `Favorite Animated Films' list.<br /><br />The film is not the deepest bucket in the Disney shed; like I said, it's light and fluffy; but when it comes to delivering the goods (as in laugh after laugh) it succeeds on a far grander scale than a lot of Disney films do.<br /><br />The film follows young emperor Kuzco, a spoiled brat of a man/child who takes what he wants at whoever's expense.  He is self centered and greedy and quite obnoxious and this does not translate into a happy kingdom.  One day he calls in Pacha, a gentle villager, to explain that his family has to leave their home immediately in order to make way for Kuzco's new water park.  So starts a series of events that proves to change to course of Kuzco's life.  He makes enemies with Pacha the moment he needs him most; for it is shortly after their meeting that his ex-employee Yzma turns him into a llama and dumps him in the forest to die.<br /><br />`The Emperor's New Groove' has a nice moral about learning to give and be generous and look out for the well being of others, but for the most part this is here to entertain, and entertain it does.<br /><br />David Spade is hilarious as the ill fated Kuzco.  His brand of humor brilliantly captures his characters predicament and helps create a hilarious atmosphere for the films entirety.  John Goodman has such a lovably sincere tone in his voice, like a teddy bear, and this is a perfect compliment to Pacha's character development.  Not only does Yzma look hysterical but Eartha Kitt was brilliantly cast as her vocal star.  Evil has never been this funny.  Patrick Warburton is the perfect compliment to Kitt's Yzma, his portrayal of the dim-witted hunk Kronk being one of the films major highlights.<br /><br />Visually there is a lot to laugh at here, each scene feeling fresh and primed for your enjoyment.  I can't think of a single error or flaw.  I mean, honestly, it could have been deeper or more profound (this is Disney) but sometimes we just want to sit back and laugh.<br /><br />`The Emperor's New Groove' brings on those laughs; heavy!brilliantly cast as her vocal star.  Evil has never been this funny.  Patrick Warburton is the perfect compliment to Kitt's Yzma, his portrayal of the dim-witted hunk Kronk being one of the films major highlights.    Visually there is a lot to laugh at here, each scene feeling fresh and primed for your enjoyment.  I can't think of a single error or flaw.  I mean, honestly, it could have been deeper or more profound (this is Disney) but sometimes we just want to sit back and laugh.      `The Emperor's New Groove' brings on those laughs; heavy!
B000YABIQ6|5.0|If you like the 'inside scoop', it's lots of fun to listen to the directors, producers, and actors' voice over commentary as they watch an episode.  Some episodes have multiple groups, so it's interesting to hear their various perspectives.
B00007AJF8|5.0|Charlie Kaufman may be the greatest screenwriter of our generation.  He's written three of the greatest screenplays in recent memory (`Being John Malkovich', `Adaptation' and `Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind') and those are just the three I've seen (to be honest, I was not entirely impressed with `Confessions of a Dangerous Mind' and I never saw `Human Nature').  He has a knack for creating scenarios that are entirely improbable yet tap into the very soul of a human.  His films are not merely comedic entertainment but are important and philosophical in their relation to human nature and innate desire.<br /><br />`Being John Malkovich' is not your typical comedy.<br /><br />The film tells the story of puppeteer Craig Schwartz who is growing tired of not having an audience for his work.  After he is persuaded by his wife to get a job he finds that his new working environment is opening portals (quite literally) to an entirely new existence.  Hidden away in his very workroom is a portal into the mind of John Malkovich, the actor.  Yes, by crawling through a long cramped tunnel one can be John Malkovich for fifteen minutes before being spit out over the Jersey turnpike.  Craig, having fallen for his intriguing coworker Maxine, devises a plan with her to charge admission into the mind of Malkovich, but entering that portal changes their lives in many other ways.<br /><br />There are so many ways to interpret this movie that I feel as if touching upon them all would be too difficult a task at this point.  I will admit that watching this film, and even more so just contemplating its meanings afterward, changed me in a way.<br /><br />To be completely honest, I woke up wanting to be John Malkovich.<br /><br />The film exposes some very human truths, in regards to the desire to be someone we're not and the desire to see ourselves through someone else's eyes.  It also, in a somewhat humorous way, exposes the worthlessness of celebrity in itself, the almost faux notion that making a name for ones self really makes a difference.  First we have Craig who just wants to practice his work, but he hasn't the name to do so.  In Malkovich he finds a way to expound upon his love of puppeteering.  Then you have his wife Lotte who is unsatisfied with her existence in finds in Malkovich something that feels right.  Then you have Maxine who desires to be desired, and while she is desired by many she is not desired for the right reasons, until she stares into Malkovich's eyes and sees Lotte starring back at her.<br /><br />And then we have Malkovich.  What I thought was so great about the script was that it in a humorous and sub-plotted kind of way approached that fact that celebrity is not as glamorous as one expects.  Malkovich is regarded as a respected and loved actor yet no one that talks to him really knows what movies he has made or what roles have made him so `respected'.<br /><br />\\"Who's John Malkovich?\\"<br /><br />The films brilliant prose is bolstered by the fantastic, and I mean FANTASTIC, performances by the entire cast.  John Cusack is awkward, goofy and tired, which masterfully captures his characters unhappiness with his lot in life.  Cameron Diaz is brilliantly sporadic with her actions and feelings, adding layers to her characters inborn struggle to be herself.  Catherine Keener is flawless as Maxine.  She demands our attention with her marvelous manipulation of our emotions.  We want her to get what she wants even if it destroys us.  This movie though, is called `Being John Malkovich', and honestly, it is John Malkovich himself that drives it all home.  His brilliant portrayal of himself is utterly flawless.  I have liked him in the past and found him stale in the past, but this performance is astonishing in every sense of the word; especially as it draws to a climax and he starts to unravel.<br /><br />`Being John Malkovich' is funny, sure, but like Kaufman's other work, `Being John Malkovich' is so much more than a typicalcomedy.  It answers questions (or at least asks very many) about life, human interaction and the very root of who we are and who we want to be.<br /><br />Have you ever wanted to be someone else?  Of course you have.ife, human interaction and the very root of who we are and who we want to be.    Have you ever wanted to be someone else?  Of course you have.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|When I saw the movie's trailer, I, like others, thought it was a film about terrorist attacks.  The trailer just offered enough to whet my appetite about the actual monster flick.  Unfortunately, I didn't see the film during its theatrical run and have recently viewed the DVD release.<br /><br />\\"Cloverfield\\" is, as all that have seen it believe to be the case, an American take on the decades-long \\"Godzilla\\" series from Japan.  Like that successfull movie franchise, \\"Cloverfield\\" features a skyscraper-busting beastie, intent on bringing down a major world city.<br /><br />The filmmakers carefully keep the viewer's interest by giving \\"peeks\\" at the monster, never fully revealing it until the final few moments of the movie.<br /><br />By having a cast of relative but talented unknowns, the movie has the air of a documentary, especially with the hand-held video camera technique and the lack of a musical score. For that, it deserves its hype.<br /><br />The fact that the origins of the creature remain a mystery further adds to the movie's mystique.<br /><br />However, the downer of an ending is probably the weakest aspect of the movie.<br /><br />The movie, itself, might not deliver the thrills of, say, an \\"Alien\\" or even the intelligent writing of \\"The Day the Earth Stood Still,\\" but it is still a much better film of its type than the ill-advised big-budget \\"Godzilla,\\" with Matthew Broderick, of a few years back.<br /><br />Of the special features on the disc, the highlight is one devoted to \\"the making of..\\" the film. The production is very diverse, racially and internationally; thus, making for a fascinating look into the universal appeal of film.<br /><br />Listening to the different accents is like a visit to a science fiction United Nations.
0393316041|1.0|I read this book with the hope of gaining more insight into Dr. Feynman. While it is indisputable that the man was a physics genius and that he was a phenominal help during the Manhattan project, I grew tired of his incessant contempt for anything or anyone that he didn't approve of. Much of the book is spent with him trying to outmatch and outwhit those in fields that he considers inferior to physics, such as pure mathematics and philosophy. It grows tiresome reading this after a while and the book left me with no better understanding of this distinguished scholar.
1563894696|5.0|This is quite possibly one of the longest graphic novels I've read (close to 400 pages) but make no mistake...there are no boring parts in it. It starts with someone blowing up Harvey Dent's house on Halloween, with Gilda and Harvey still inside. From there on Batman, Jim Gordon and Harvey Dent work together to find the killer known as 'Holiday'. Holiday continues to kill members of 'the roman's family leading to many suspects and everyone being at eachother's throats. Batman and Gordon begin to doubt Dent due to him being assualted during a hearing that disfigures his face.  There's plenty of action as every chapter is separated by holidays, which keeps it interesting. The artwork is amazing and the story is captivating. This is one of my favorite batman stories/graphic novels. Besides The Dark King Returns, Year One and perhaps The Killing Joke, The Long Halloween is one of the best Batman graphic novels out there!
B001BPJJ82|5.0|Words are inadequate to describe how beautiful this movie is, but I'll try.  The sets, costumes, and colors are so rich that I'm afraid I may have literally had my mouth hanging open during some of the fantasy scenes of the tale that paralyzed Roy weaves for little Alexandria.  These scenes contrast perfectly with the drab and shadowed world of the hospital in which they find themselves prisoners of their falls and injuries.  It's a \\"Wizard of Oz\\"-like world in which real people in their lives appear as characters in Roy's story.<br /><br />The film is rated R for violent images but I've seen more violent PG-13 movies.  Don't let it scare you off.  There's no sex, nudity, or profanity that I can recall, but still, this is too complex a film for children.  It's a fairy tale for adults.
B001BKXUOQ|4.0|It's not as fresh as their debut release, not as brutal as Iowa or riveting as Vol3.  If you take of those releases, throw them in a blender this is the cocktail that you have to enjoy.  Be prepared to listen to it a few times as the band has many different songs for you to digest.  Simply put, Slipknot continues to push the edge just in a fashion that some fans and so called critics may not agree upon.     Take this to heart.  Few bands in their recording history churn out stellar releases each and every single time.  Even fewer bands that have 9 band members have been this successful. I tip my hat to the Iowan boys for the success they reached and making their mark on the music scene for all time.
0061245097|5.0|I've read both of these books and absolutely loved them! I'm ready for book 3. Once you sit down with either one of these books, you just don't want to put them down. The story line is fun and easy to follow. It would be best to read book 1 before jumping right in to book 2.
B000V5ZIBU|4.0|Very good episode one of my favorite of the series.  My favorite is the ending ones.  However, I can only see this on my TV on the mac side of my computer and none of my players will play it from my windows side.  I can see it from the windows side only on the computer screen but my laptop screen isn't big enough so I watch it on line from the web site.
006085880X|3.0|I found \\"The Pact\\" a readable page-turner, but I have to agree that its main failing is the central plotline of privileged, high-achieving schoolgirl deciding to end it all, as she feels trapped by parental expectations and her childhood love.  This scenario is wildly implausible, to say the least, as someone as educated as Emily would surely have realised there were conventional ways to solve her dilemma and would have sought help accordingly.  Picoult does not adequately explore the psychological WHY someone as privileged as Emily felt that suicide was the only way out.  This is a highly-educated girl from a monied background we are talking about here, one who was considering attending the Sorbonne in Paris, for heaven's sake.  Why would someone on the cusp of such a promising future decide that suicide was a better option?  The character development of Emily was not thorough enough to explain her irrational actions.  Another downfall of the book was the extremely unlikable character of Chris, Emily's childhood love, and the one-dimensional nature of the two sets of parents involved.  All in all, a worthy effort, but a far-fetched plot, poor character development and an overly contrived ending let it down.
B000M53GQS|2.0|Was initially happy to purchase this disc,mostly because it was the first time that \\"Night Owl\\" was avaliable on CD. The recordings on \\"Night Owl\\" seemed different than the original (vinyl), not as crisp, and slower. I actually timed the title song and compared it to the original. Not surprisingly, it took about 20 seconds longer to play. The dubbing of this disc is not what it should be. If you really want \\"Night Owl\\" on CD and don't want to wait, then purchase. Otherwise I would secure an avaliable copy of \\"City to City\\" and wait for future releases of \\"Owl\\".
B000RPTQ1C|3.0|This one has been tricky.  Because at first, I really thought this album was garbage.  And I don't think it's Coldplay's best effort, but there are some really cool moments on this album that you really need to listen to for a while until you \\"get it.\\"  With the exception of the single... that's pretty happening from the first time you listen.    Could some of the lyrics be better?  On some tracks, certainly.  And that was my biggest problem with it listening the first few times.  But, in reality, it's an atmospheric record, designed more to set the mood than for each song to stand on it's own (in my opinion).  So when you listen as a whole album, it does work.    I REALLY wanted the last track, Death And All His Friends to take off into something bigger.  Was somewhat disappointed that's where the album left off.  But, all in all, it was an artist album, and while I'm not sure it should've earned the title of number one downloaded album of all time, it is still worth picking up.    If you don't like it at first, give it a while.  Then if you still hate it, hey, it was only a few bucks down the drain.
6305633177|5.0|This video, while recorded by fans on various camcorders in the 1980s, is probably the best home video compilation documenting a band there is. This video takes you through the days before Kill 'em All, with interviews, performances, and photos all the way into the Master of Puppets tour. There are even clips with Dave Mustaine on lead guitar at Cliff's 2nd gig with the band.     Some people will complain about the quality of the audio and video. For those people I say:    1) What footage exists of this band during this time period with better quality audio / video?   2) This is supposed to be an amateur video compilation.     If you haven't seen Metallica with Cliff Burton, this is definitely worth adding to your collection.
B00005JMJG|3.0|Interestingly, as the film scripts of Charlie Kaufman have gotten praised through the roof over the last several years, with comparisons ranging to Herman Mankiewicz, Robert Towne, Paul Schrader, and Paddy Chayefsky- at least in terms of recognizability, most writers I have known have been far less impressed with his solipsistically obsessed screenplays than the general public.<br />  I think that is because that any reader of fiction or poetry in the last 40 or so years has been so inundated with puerile post-modernism that self-referential tautologies fail to impress. This is the fourth CK-scripted film I've seen and easily the best film was that he adapted from an outside source- the film of Chuck Barris's autobiography Confessions Of A Dangerous Mind- directed by George Clooney. That's because, given the source, CK was forced to stay on track and not veer back into his own ego like the Titanic to the-  You get what I mean. His first filmed screenplay, Being John Malkovich, was a cute humorous fable- not too deep, nor too troubling. His second scripted film, Adaptation, was merely a banal recapitulation of themes laid out in the first film, yet with the added baggage of destroying a potentially interesting film with a last third larded with the neuroses of writer's block raised to epopee. No, not really, but the attempt was embarrassing. Eternal Sunshine Of The Spotless Mind explores similar areas of memory and mind far better, although the film has some notable flaws. I grade it as a 75 out of 100- good, but nowhere near the great rankings many critics bestowed upon it....However, this is still the best CK film based on his original script. The problem is that his `original' scripts are all mere slight tangents on the same tired theme. Too bad, because a better, more original screenwriter would have laid the template for a truly great film, not just a muddling repeat viewing of a maculate mind unlighted.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I LOVE this video!  This workout is simple, strong and effective.  You don't need a gym membership or any expensive equipment, just some hand weights and a matt if you are working out on a hard surface.  The workout is a circuit: strength, cardio, then abs so you are working everything.  The workout time is short, but you are moving your butt the whole way through.  I love how the exercises combine moves, like squats with arm curls.  I am in pretty good shape and workout one makes me sweat!  Plus I enjoy her no-nonsense attitude. I have been doing the workout for about two weeks and I already see changes in muscle tone.
B000DWMN2S|4.0|Everything Is Illuminated was a surprise 2002 hit novel by Jonathan Safran Foer, which was a thinly veiled fictional account of his 1999 trip to Ukraine to research his Jewish roots during World War Two. The young author, only twenty-five at the book's release, elicits a widely divergent critical range of opinion- from hyperbolic praise by established hack writers like Joyce Carol Oates, to outright condemnation by young, unpublished hacks who resent his two book, half a million dollar publishing deal.<br />  Never having heard of the writer before, and never having read his work, I had no idea of all this when I picked up the 2005 film version of his book, starring ex-Hobbit Elijah Woof as Foer, and directed by actor Liev Schreiber, his first time behind the camera. What I saw was a truly great, but little, film. More than being simply great, though, the film is, by far, the best fictional film ever made about Jewish suffering during the Final Solution of the Nazi reign of terror in Europe, during World War Two. It achieves this apogee with a deft mix of comedy and drama that is reminiscent of the best of Charlie Chaplin, yet shorn of the worst elements of that Master's sentimentality.<br />  How much of this is due to Foer's book, and how much due to the sterling script, penned by Schreiber, I do not know, but the acting is nothing short of spectacular, all around, starting with Wood as Jonathan. He is an obsessive collector, because he fears forgetting his past, and puts all sorts of things in plastic bags. Yet the space for his recently deceased grandfather is bare. All he has of him is a piece of jewelry and an old photo with a woman who hid his grandfather from the Nazis that his grandmother gives him. Jonathan decides to travel to Odessa, Ukraine to find the woman, thank her for saving his ancestor, and learn more about his grandfather's former life....Others have detailed the rest of the plot.... This film succeeds where god-awful pseudo-epics like Schindler's List fail precisely because it mixes in the funny with the horrid, and does not dwell on the pornography of death that many in the business of prostituting the Holocaust and its dead millions rely on. The death of an individual, in this film, is far more affecting than Spielberg's anonymous bodycount. The viewer, who is smart enough, can multiply that by the millions to himself. Seeing the old lady is a collector of the things of the dead, too, is a powerful way to evoke not just the dead's bodies, but their lives and desires, the essence of the human far truer than flesh and blood. Another positive of the film is that it does not tie all things up in a neat bow, and is thus more real than many such films that have to spoonfeed their audiences. Save for Alex's end conversion to Judaism, all these loose ends emotionally fit, so to speak.<br />  Fans of the book complain that the illumination at the novel's end is that Alex's grandfather was a Gentile who finked out his Jewish friend to the Nazis to save his own family. This would explain Grandpa's suicide a bit better than believing that he felt some survivor's guilt, when the film makes him a Jew. Yet, since the film ends realistically, without answering all questions, the suicide fits neatly into that spectrum, thus leavening the discrepancy. And, be that as it may, films always have to change things in books, and the film's revelations are no less devastating, and more realistic, especially if you've never read the book, so the argument fails. The film does not. It entertains, enlightens, and leaves a viewer wanting more. This is what all art should do.fail precisely because it mixes in the funny with the horrid, and does not dwell on the pornography of death that many in the business of prostituting the Holocaust and its dead millions rely on. The death of an individual, in this film, is far more affecting than Spielberg's anonymous bodycount. The viewer, who is smart enough, can multiply that by the millions to himself. Seeing the old lady is a collector of the things of the dead, too, is a powerful way to evoke not just the dead's bodies, but their lives and desires, the essence of the human far truer than flesh and blood. Another positive of the film is that it does not tie all things up in a neat bow, and is thus more real than many such films that have to spoonfeed their audiences. Save for Alex's end conversion to Judaism, all these loose ends emotionally fit, so to speak.    Fans of the book complain that the illumination at the novel's end is that Alex's grandfather was a Gentile who finked out his Jewish friend to the Nazis to save his own family. This would explain Grandpa's suicide a bit better than believing that he felt some survivor's guilt, when the film makes him a Jew. Yet, since the film ends realistically, without answering all questions, the suicide fits neatly into that spectrum, thus leavening the discrepancy. And, be that as it may, films always have to change things in books, and the film's revelations are no less devastating, and more realistic, especially if you've never read the book, so the argument fails. The film does not. It entertains, enlightens, and leaves a viewer wanting more. This is what all art should do.
B00004XPPE|5.0|Amazon.com was amazing!! I ordered two copies of this movie, one for me and one gift wrapped for my wife's brother-in-law in Pennsylvania. They were both delivered within 2 days and were perfect. I have loved this movie since I first saw it. It is amazing that it has so many stars, and deals with such a deep subject, and yet nobody knows about this movie. From the look of the movie, to the way shots were framed and the camera angles, to the excellent performances, this is a must see!!
B000ZOXDFA|1.0|In retrospect, the only good things about this film were a) we saw it in a spanking new theater, b) aside from me and my wife, there was only an elderly couple in the 100+ seat theater, which allowed me to fart freely, without distracting sneers from those I might offend with bowel scents, and c) it was stadium seating, which meant I could rest my feet up. Other than that, this film was the Al Pacino Scarface, sans drugs and bad Cuban accents but plus gaudy costumes: i.e.- bad, but highly mockable. Can I recommend such a melodrama? I don't know, I really don't- unless shadow puppeteering is your bag. Move over, The Rocky Horror Picture Show, here comes Lousy Liz and the Spanish Armada!
0061537934|5.0|To put it simply, I have no interest in reading fiction novels. I can sit down and read non-fiction/biographies etc and love doing so. This is only the second fiction novel I have read since High School, the other one was written by a childhood friend. Being a dog lover and a wannabe racecar driver this book spiked my interest, and with a little temptation from my wife to read a fiction novel, I bought a copy.    I CAN NOT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS AMAZING BOOK! From go to whoa this book had me captivated. From the accurate description of the racing to the funny, thoughtful and intelligent commentary of Enzo. It has a great storyline with a few twists that I never saw coming I would recommend this book to anyone, especially if they are a dog lover or car racing fan. With high highs and low lows, this book took me on an emotional roller coaster.    This book made me laugh out loud (so loud I woke my wife), and cry like I never thought a book would do.    I would recommend you take some time to read this wonderful story.
0060007737|2.0|There are two parts to this book. One part is pure common sense to anyone vaguely aware of what branding is, and an excellent guide for beginners. The other part is almost pure fiction.<br /><br />The basics of branding are very well defined and explained through examples. Ideas are grouped under logical categories named \\"laws\\" (i.e., to be unconditionally obeyed?) whereas the concept of \\"pattern\\" (i.e., truths that apply most of the time in certain non-exclusive conditions) would have been more appropriate.<br /><br />The following excerpt is very characteristic of the self-confidence this book displays: Because the eye focuses red light behind the retina, red light appears to move toward you. Therefore, red is the color of energy and excitement.<br /><br />As a reader, I don't have a hard time believing that red is the color of energy and excitement. I also trust scientific experiments that red focuses behind the retina. But the causality link between the two is, to me, as risky as unnecessary.
B00005JPUN|2.0|Taking on a role that is a darker throwback to her role in \\"The Stepford Wives\\", Nicole Kidman makes another attempt at sci-fi remakes in this third onscreen incarnation of \\"The Invasion of the Body Snatchers\\".  It's rather amusing how this film uses only half of the story's original title.   Kidman plays Psychiatrist Carol Bennell, the divorced mother of the Elementary school-aged Oliver Kaufman (an alert and intelligent Jackson Bond) who suffers  from bad dreams about his impending visit with his father (Jeremy Northam) whom he hasn't seen in years.    Dr. Tucker Kaufman's first appearance in the film is as an expert who comes to examine the remains of a recently downed space shuttle. The plot thickens with the discovery that alien spores arrived on earth with the downed  craft. While leaving the scene, Kaufman cuts his hand on a piece of debris, which will have foreboding repercussions.   We see Carol's daily routine, including work with her colleagues, Dr. Stephen Galeano (Jeffrey Wright) and Ben Driscoll (Daniel Craig), we learn of the tempestuous  relationships of Wendy Lenk( Veronica Cartwright, who appeared in the 1978 retelling of this story) with her husband, Richard (Adam Lefevre) and how that situation is linked to the main crisis in this story.    But viewers also share a delightful evening with Carol, Ben, and their friends, Dr. Henrik Belicec (Josef Sommer), his wife, Ludmilla (Celia Weston, who has come a long way since her appearance in the TV series \\"Alice\\"), and their friend, Yorish (Roger Rees).    Soon, their world changes, and the streets are full of emotionless automatons. Those who express emotions, especially in the extreme forms, are arrested, and the plot revolves around Carol and her colleagues trying to make heads or tails of the matter. Field Blauvet has a cameo as a creepy Census Taker.   Notably, the main method for the alien virus' transmission is through vomiting, and the film has quite a bit of that.Before it is over, Kaufman's behavior shows that he's channeled Anthony Hopkins' Hannibal Lecter. It's amusing to think that Northam can now add throwing up on Nicole Kidman to his resume.   Well, it's all been done before, but now it has a 21st century twist. It has good performances, but I can't say I was too impressed by this effort.   Director Oliver Hirschbiegel did better with films such as \\"Downfall\\". While I appreciate his efforts here, I think he operates better in his own language from what I've seen of his work so far.
B0017MO10U|3.0|I can't say this movie is great,  but I love Stargate and every chance I get to see it, I buy it.  So for that purpose I loved seeing the gang again and the characters.   But the movie and plot was pretty bad.
0385340567|5.0|All these reviews - nope, can't even call them that - the word \\"opinion\\" suits much better in this case, saying they don't like the latest Reacher because they feel Mr. Child inserted his politics?  Hey.  Perhaps, with politics being what it is today, and a war going on and all, just maybe Reacher finally noticed it all on his own.  And what on earth gives any fan the right to tell a writer what to write?!  I mean, I guess we have that right, but why on earth would we expect any writer to listen?  Its THEIR work for us to enjoy.  Or not.  Do you really think Mr. Child's work would improve if he wrote only what some of you want him to write?!  What about those of us who LOVED this latest book?  There are some of us out there you know.  Aside from all that - I just want the man to continue doing what he does, and does it better than a lot of others - write a story that entertains me.  If the character has opinions, Hooray!  If they're different than mine - so WHAT?!
B000PDYVVG|1.0|Ok.  To call this a chick book is degrading.  I truly felt sorry for the author at times.  Does she not realize how pathologically egotistical she presents herself as?  Apathetic. Self centered. Shallow.  Conceited. Amoral.  I had to stop and erase it from my Kindle once she alluded to her Bill Clinton sexual fantasies.  Actually, that fit the book in a nutshell.  Pun intended.
0786838655|5.0|My 12 year old son read this book and passed it on to me.  What a fun read.  We visited the library the next day for books 2 and 3 and he'd finished both by the next afternoon.  The adventure is exciting and the Greek mythology references keep it interesting.  Who knew Rick Riordan could write for kids?  (and clean up his language)  Great books.
0767817664|5.0|Cinematic beauty? Ground breaking special effects? Acting tour de force? You will get all that and more in this epic tale of vampirism, debauchery, and haute couture. Allow yourself to sit back and be taken away on a journey of excitement and fright as you prepare to sleep with the lights on for weeks to come!    Maybe it has been some time since you have seen a truly great motion picture and you have given up on the art form.  Maybe you thought of watching Fright Night but decided to do something else.  Well let me tell you, nothing, NOTHING, should keep you away from this absolute masterpiece.  Buy a copy for every day of the week!
0380730405|5.0|Daphne du Maurier's REBECCA is my favorite book of all time -- bar none.<br /><br />  The opening line is famous, but I didn't know that the first time I read it (I was about 14).<br /><br />I just remember the magic that began with the first line:<br /><br />\\"Last night, I dreamt I went to Manderly again. . . .\\"<br /><br />The girl is young, clumsy, exquisitely sensitive. Impoverished and alone after her father's death, she was employed by a wealthy and boorish social climber, Mrs. Van Hopper, and made her living as the older woman's companion.  Maxim de Winter, handsome, fabulously rich, and the owner of Manderly, one of the finest estates in England, crosses paths with the women in Monte Carlo. As the girl falls crazy in love with de Winter, revealing herself as the most flaming romantic in all of British literature, she sees him like this:<br /><br />He belonged to a walled city of the fifteenth century, a city of narrow,<br />cobbled streets, and thin spires, where the inhabitants wore pointed shoes<br />and worsted hose. His face was arresting, sensitive, medieval in some<br />strange inexplicable way, and I was reminded of a portrait seen in a gallery<br />I had forgotten where, of a certain Gentleman Unknown.<br /><br />And like this:<br /><br />Could one but rob him of his English tweeds, and put him in black,<br />with lace at this throat and wrists, he would stare down at us<br />in our new world from a long distant past--a past where men walked<br />cloaked at night, and stood in the shadow of old doorways, a past of<br />narrow stairways and dim dungeons, a past of whispers in the dark,<br />of shimmering rapier blades, of silent, exquisite courtesy.<br /><br />(I thought I was a romantic!)<br /><br />However, I never saw him the way she did. Even as a teenager, I thought de Winter was a male chauvinist pig if ever there was one, and to this day, I don't understand what women see in him:<br /><br />\\"So Mrs. Van Hopper has had enough of Monte Carlo,\\" hesaid, \\"and now she wants to go home. So do I. She to New York and I to Manderly. Which would  you prefer? You can take your choice.\\"<br /><br />\\"Don't make a joke about it, it's unfair,\\" I said, \\"and I think I had better see about those tickets, and say good-bye now.\\"<br /><br />\\"If you think I'm one of the people who try to be funny at breakfast, you're wrong,\\" he said. \\"I'm invariably ill-tempered in the early morning. I repeat to you, the choice is open to you. Either you go to America with Mrs. Van Hopper or you come home to Manderly with me.\\"<br /><br />\\"Do you mean you want a secretary or something?\\"<br /><br />\\"No, I'm asking you to marry me, you little fool.\\"<br /><br />  [Prick!]<br /><br />Then this:<br /><br />\\"So that's settled, isn't it?\\" he said, going on with his toast and marmalade; \\"instead of being companion to Mrs. Van Hopper you become mine, and your duties will be almost exactly the same. I also like new library books, and flowers in the drawing-room, and bezique after dinner. And someone to pour out my tea. . .and you must never let me run out of my particular brand of toothpaste.\\"<br /><br />  [Prick!]<br /><br />[Women certainly don't want male chauvinist swine as employers, but we accept them as husbands and lovers, because mostly that's all there is, so we have to make do.]<br /><br />The spirit of Rebecca herself -- the first Mrs. de Winter -- pervades the novel like a gathering storm, a painful presence for the young woman Maxim marries after Rebecca's death.  Although du Maurier gave the second Mrs. de Winter an inner life of extraordinary richness and depth, the author did not give her a name. When I learned that she didn't have<br />a name, I gave her mine, and she became me. I think she is simply every romantic woman who ever read this remarkable novel.<br /><br />Rebecca, directed by Alfred Hitchcock, is also my favorite film. Joan Fontaine brilliant as the second Mrs. de Winter; Laurence Olivier absolute perfection as Max. This filmwas released in 1940, so don't see it in a theatre filled with college students, because they will snicker in the wrong places and spoil the most poignant scenes for you.
0375757856|4.0|The Moonstone was recommended to me by my cousin during a recent trip to Ireland.  I must say that at first, I had a hard time getting into the book, but then I was absorbed by the well-crafted and realistic characters.  Though these characters would have \\"lived\\" about 150 years ago, they jumped off the page with their idiosyncrasies and humorous outlook on life.  The only complaint that I have about the characters is that their names were a bit heavy-handed, falling under the guise of \\"charactonyms\\", such Mr. Bruff, the grumpy family attorney, and Godfrey Ablewhite, the overly-involved church volunteer.  The tales of Miss Clack and Mr. Betteridge caused me to intermittently laugh out loud, and Mr. Betteridge's devotion to Robinson Crusoe as his chosen life anthem was priceless.
0099429799|5.0|In Atonement, Ian McEwan has written a marvelous book.  We peer deep into the workings of characters--their psychologies are rich and complex, their motivations too developed to fit neatly together.  The book triumphs in its portrayal of the mind of a thirteen year old girl--an accomplished feat, considering the gender and age of the author!  The girl's world is beautiful and immature, and this world--so very real to her--comes into startling collision with the realities of adults.  The novel is woven of colliding realities: different perceptions of what *is* come into painful dispute.      My only objection to the novel is its very light treatment of a sexual assault.  The event--though central to the story--seems to be more of a plot device than anything else.  The horror of that event is dwarfed by the worries of other characters.  This use of rape is cheap and unkind.  It's not a fatal flaw for the novel, but it leaves the book short of something masterful.     And yet, the twists, at the end of the novel were indeed masterful.  For me, the sudden revelations at the end of the book forced me to rethink the novel.  Despite my one misgiving about the novel, its stellar characters and remarkable transformations at the conclusion left me awestruck and aglow.  Upon putting down the book I did--and do now--feel that I finished something of a masterpiece.
0156030209|4.0|This book is one of the best books I have read in a while.  While some parts may seem to drag, the ending is what is killer!  I highly recommend this book.
0393327345|5.0|I saw the movie \\"Fight Club\\" a couple years before I heard who Chuck Palahniuk was, and the film was a fantastic guy movie, and a pretty phenomenal flick all around. After I learned who Palahniuk was and read several of his other stories, I figured it was time to get to his first and probably most popular novel, \\"Fight Club.\\" I was not disappointed.<br /><br />From the introduction, Palahniuk sums up his goal with \\"Fight Club\\": to write a story where you get just the kernel of the story, the core bit, and to stack those one after another without any fluff, and he does this remarkably well. Each chapter starts with a premise bordering on ridiculous, then morphs into something grotesque or absurd yet believable, and ends before you have a chance to think about putting the book down, only to begin another chapter with the same structure but different ideas and actions. The things that flash through your mind in an instant, the things you have probably thought about but would never in a million years actually take seriously or attempt, this book is filled with those things, and suprisingly it draws you in even more than it grosses you out.<br /><br />My one complaint, which isn't even really a complaint, is that if you've seen the movie you know exactly what's going to happen in the book. The sequence of events, the characters, the quotes, everything; the film mirrored them in stunning detail and made them all work together to produce an incredible movie. But the book came first, and it was so completely Palahniuk's story on screen more than most other novel adapations that he deserves the credit for the phenomenon it has become. And yet, even knowing exactly what would happen at every turn, the raw language and action of the book makes it an incredible enjoyable read that's easily worth the couple of hours it takes to breeze through the story. It's still a beautiful and unique snowflake, no matter what Tyler Durden says.
B0002EQ7EC|4.0|I have lots of Paul Simon CDs and recently purchased 'Surprise'.  It was OK but when choosing it I happened to read some reviews for The Rythm of the Saints.  It took me about three 'plays' to start to enjoy it but I think, next to Graceland(his best in my opinion) this is great music and as described by another reviewer, really has that South American beat. I play it in my car driving to work and 'bop' along to it and arrive at my destination feeling great!
0061564893|5.0|A truly amazing story of how one man, little by little, pieced together shreds of evidence of the tremendous fleet of huge ships that China sent around the world 600 years ago.  And well written.
B00006RU5B|5.0|One of my favorite albums.  I've listened to this album nonstop for days and not grown tired of it.
0743496736|4.0|This is an excellent,well-written page-turner which touches on several important subjects--especially school bullying and the long-lasting damage that it can cause.  My only gripe is that the author did not lay an adequate foundation for the \\"Picoult Twist\\" at the end; the abusive relationship that Josie was in did not seem to rise to the level required.  Another five pages or so, scattered throughout the story, would have been enough.    That said, I thoroughly enjoyed this novel (the second I've read by this author) and expect to read more.
B000TGQDZQ|5.0|Opera, black metal, classical, choral music and progressive rock are all melded together effectively in this epic masterpiece about the nature of religious thought and expression. To say the sound is larger than life would be an understatement. Epica knows what they're doing and they do it well. Simone Simons sings skillfully; her sweet voice contrasts with Mark Jensen's unnerving black and death metal shrieks and grunts. Plus, the power of the symphony orchestra combines with insane metal riffing. A study in contrasts, this is Beauty and the Beast music at it's best!
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|Once again, Coldplay has outdone themselves. Chris Martin continues to please with his haunting melodies and beats!
B000E6UK5K|5.0|David Gilmour has a winner with this CD. What an awesome follow-up to a great career playing in Pink Floyd (Awesome Group) Highly recommended!!!
B0019FOC5E|3.0|I bought this after seeing the movie.  The songs are nice.  This CD has an extra song at the end that is not listed on the sleeve or the insert.  The last two songs are on the same track with a long 30 second pause.  Looks like I got a CD with a goof because the last song is now listed on Amazon's product site.
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I love all the songs on this CD. They are all so good. This is the first Jonas Brother's CD I have bought and it was a really good decision.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|Duffy is simply a fantastic new artist with a bit of a different style than we're used to hearing.  I love this music--I can't say who she reminds me of but she's got a great voice and a wide range of pitch in her music.  You can preview her music/video on the net before buying...I like her a lot!
B000OVLBGC|5.0|Other reviewers did a great job of telling the story of this fabulous work; simply an East German Stasi officer (Ulrich Muhe) goes through awakening and transformation while spying on a successful author (Sebastian Koch) and his actress/girlfriend (Martina Gedack).<br />I don't have much to enhance the retelling of the story.  I found out by reading other reviews that Florien Hinkle von Donnersmarck is a first time director, which added to my fascination with this collectively successful work.<br /><br />Aside from the magnificent performance by Ulrich Muhe, whose death is a big loss to cinema every where, I could not help but notice the smart selection of actors. Koch and Gedack are both attractive people who actually know how to act, which is a real change from the usual Hollywood package of beauty and scant talent. Cars, furniture, interrogation room and even monitoring equipment comfortably belonged to the era of the movie (5 years before the fall of Berlin Wall). I was amazed how similar the electrical wiring of the door bells to those in other parts of the world were totalitarian governments ruled.<br /><br />Other reviewers understandably noted some unrealistic points, for instance, if Weisler/Ulrich Muhe was such a good person, he would not be a Stasi officer to start with, or how impossible it is to get away with what he did under such an oppressive regimen. I, on the other hand, think it is very understandable for somebody experienced with the system to know how to clean up after him self. The character, also, showed a loyal honest belief in the system that he swore to protect in addition to his strict and semi/robotic professionalism. Weisler's transformation did not materialize out of no where; he unlike his school friend/boss chose to be an educator(or so he thought) in the Stasi academy, He was opposed to spying on people for reasons other than protecting the system, and he also longed for love and passion (even with a prostitute). Weisler simply is every person, with good and bad qualities, who has the courage to question himself and make choices. In reality, similar totalitarian governments would not even try to dig for evidence against Dreyman, they could simply have him vanish, without explanation, to some prisons (hint, hint).<br /><br />Irrespective of the director and writer's vision, I'm still saddened by how similar governments around the world pilfer good ideas and transform them into their own corrupt systems. Stasi was the East German name of a sick system that has different names in different parts of our world. If only Marx knew how his ideas would be used to help one group enslave another. If only we all understood that books and religions can be used to enslave us as well as free us.<br /><br />I'm amazed by this movie, what adds to my amazement is how much this master piece has been understood and appreciated by so many people. It seems like there is still hope; I'm grateful I was introduced to this movie.d and bad qualities, who has the courage to question himself and make choices. In reality, similar totalitarian governments would not even try to dig for evidence against Dreyman, they could simply have him vanish, without explanation, to some prisons (hint, hint).    Irrespective of the director and writer's vision, I'm still saddened by how similar governments around the world pilfer good ideas and transform them into their own corrupt systems. Stasi was the East German name of a sick system that has different names in different parts of our world. If only Marx knew how his ideas would be used to help one group enslave another. If only we all understood that books and religions can be used to enslave us as well as free us.      I'm amazed by this movie, what adds to my amazement is how much this master piece has been understood and appreciated by so many people. It seems like there is still hope; I'm grateful I was introduced to this movie.
B000BT97AO|5.0|When I heard about this I was kind of hesitant to watch it because I thought it was going to try too hard.  Well... it doesn't.  It well exceeded my expectations and was DRIPPING with creativity and imagination.  This is a good escape for adults (kind of like the Wizard of Oz) but will also be great for kids as a modern-day fantasy flick instead of appealing to the 80's for imaginative movie making.
1563894696|5.0|This comic was amazing. I couldn't put it down it kept going and going. Just when you think you know....you have no idea.
0061564893|5.0|You have to admit the author has ALOT and I do mean ALOT of evidence to prove that something went on long before Columbus got here.  I think most of the proof lies with the plants, crops, animals and of course the wreckages found along the coasts.  The ships lost alone is proof enough that the Chinese were in fact out there and discovering the world long before others.  The maps used by others alone is proof.  This auther has given history a swift kick in the pants and those who record it need to get some pretty big erasers.  Get the book.  Worth the read and the education.
1594489505|5.0|While I have to be honest and say that I didn't enjoy this novel *quite* as much as The Kite Runner, I still think it was a terrific book!  Again I enjoyed being taken on a journey in Afghanistan, a place that I don't know much of anything about.  It delves into a topic that I feel also many of us do not know about or understand and that's the life of a woman and her role in the family in that country.<br /><br />To that point, I read on as a country is being torn apart, as friends and family are torn from each other...as the characters face obstacles and heartaches and make heartwrenching decisions that I can barely comprehend having to make.  This book makes the plight of Afghanistan and their people a little more real and close to home.<br /><br />I was intrigued, and had a hard time putting the book down.  Hosseini is truly a talented author.  One that I am so glad to have come across, thanks to the NY Times Best Sellers list!!  With so many books out there it's hard to find an original novel, and this one satisfies that need.  I look forward to his future works.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|A subtle and powerful presentation of history. Factually excellent the series introduction specifies the intent and methodology comprehensively, and I strongly recommend viewing this intro.   Interviews with actual senior participants presenting their view of events, reasoning for same is often powerful but mostly trite(the poor reasoning!) while always interesting - all sides represented and well balanced. The inserting of original footage is often spectacular (Leni Refinstahl in particular)  I found mysef constantly surprised by the basic stupidity, awesome incompetancy, political greed & the indominable capacity for humanity to survive.    Truely excellent! I am sure many film historians have learnt much from this series, Ken Burns amongst them, bravo!
B0014Z4OQG|5.0|First, the movie is fantastic for what it is.  I'm 52-years-old and was a bit bored by the party scenes that open the movie but once things start to happen with Clover then...well, things really start to happen!  I've lived in Japan for twenty years, though, and can see how a culture like this one that so values its traditions can maintain an interest in and affection for its Godzilla, a manifestation of technology gone wrong, modernization gone wrong, weaponry and war gone wrong and so forth.  But I don't think Abrams' will reach his goal of creating an American Godzilla because Americans just don't relish seeing their cities destroyed, their subways gnawed on, their military shown up to be powerless and impotent.  (Keep in mind that Japan doesn't officially have an \\"army\\", and isn't officially allowed one, so here it's OK to make them look powerless -- as they don't officially exist!) This is a fantastic movie, though.  I just hope Abrams doesn't try to build on this particular monster, Clover, in the same way in the sequel.  I can't see how it could ever work.  Many people in Japan and around the world are quite fond of Godzilla.  I can't see this happening, and wouldn't care to see it attempted, with Clover.  Ah!  And the DVD special features are among the best I've seen.
B000TEUSJK|5.0|Kind of like Roman History turned into a Rock N' Roll Music Video.  Big name stars, lots of dancing, naked women, costly sets and, yes, a horse.  Not for kids.  Let's face it, a unrated movie, in which Penthouse took part in making is not something some adults should see.  And DON'T even pretend you're watching it for the history.  HBO's ROME kind of gets some of it right, when it comes to daily life.  But this movie is like using the Smurfs to explain the Dark Ages.  Don't even pretend it has anything correct.  Just watch it.  Enjoy it.  And don't think too much about it.
0446402389|4.0|This was an impressive book for a first novel and I enjoyed reading it. Tom Rob Smith is to be congratulated on an extremely well-written debut and I'll be looking forward to seeing what else he produces. It occured to me as I was reading this that I've always enjoyed reading books about Russia or books written by Russians, and I can't ever remember reading any bad ones. It also occured to me that I've never read a happy book about Russia and Child 44 is no exception. The story is bleak and oppressive and forcefully conveys the daily paranoia and dangers of living in a totalitarian police state.<br /><br />The story follows Leo Demidov, a WWII hero and now an officer in the MGB, the state security service. Leo is a diligent secret police apparatchik charged with rooting out dissidents and spies in Stalinist Russia. The book vividly conveys the bleakness and oppressiveness of this era and the meaninglessness of individuals measured against the needs of the state. Even a secret policeman has to live in constant caution for the communist inquisition ate it's own as readily as anyone. Leo's existence suffers a grim downward trajectory in this story as he finds his vestigial personal conscience keeps him from complying with the demands of the state and he, his friends and family, and literally thousands of others suffer horrifying consequences as he begins to comprehend, then act upon, the evidence that someone is systematically killing and torturing children across the Ukraine. Indoctrinated in the party line that the worker's paradise is crime-free, Leo initially doesn't believe the evidence, then struggles to comprehend the nature of such crimes, and ultimately tries to identify and apprehend the serial killer despite being forced to act against orders. To even admit the existence of such a killer would be a crime against the state.<br /><br />This is a searing tale from start to finish and a great read. I struggled on whether to award four or five stars for this book, but I can be niggardly with my five stars and the book did feature a plot twist that felt contrived and forced to me. It's not a horrible plot twist, and surprise plot twists seem to be mandatory in today's thrillers, but the book was so very good all the way through it made the surprise ending feel a little heavy-handed and unnecessary. I'd call this four and a half stars, an impressive for a first effort, and well worth the read.iggardly with my five stars and the book did feature a plot twist that felt contrived and forced to me. It's not a horrible plot twist, and surprise plot twists seem to be mandatory in today's thrillers, but the book was so very good all the way through it made the surprise ending feel a little heavy-handed and unnecessary. I'd call this four and a half stars, an impressive for a first effort, and well worth the read.
B000003Z4C|5.0|This record is amazing. It feels like a bridge between the work he did in the 80's and the work he's doing currently. Every song is good. Some songs are brilliant.
0452289963|1.0|I was curious about Oprah's zeal for Tolle's book A New Earth.  After reading half of it, I promptly tossed it into the wastebasket.  Not only did I believe that what he was writing about was essentially Buddhism, I've lost all respect for Oprah and her \\"peddling\\" of this book.
B00186JBSM|5.0|DONNA SUMMER: CRAYONS   Dear friends; these are great times, good times. We've been listening to many wannabe Divas for a while now, but after the release of the latest CD of the ultimate Dance Diva, here comes the bomb!!! Beneath the wings of Sony/BMG; the most sensitive company at the moment. Voila DONNA SUMMER!!! a truly Diva.  After 17 years releasing singles, soundtrack songs and giving concerts with her previous hits, Donna Summer has decided a comeback to the international scene and she has done it with such elegance that I'm knocked out. CRAYONS is an album that creeps discretely inside you, but at the second listening you're trapped ¡you cannot escape! CRAYONS it's full of good songs, and Summer shows triumphant herself at her best, because this woman is definitely a winner and remains triumphant on what she best knows to do, she was triumphant even when Disco era ended. After all this time her gay fans have been by her side. On the other hand CRAYONS guarantees a return in perfect form to one of the greatest singers of all time and that's more than many so called divas can offer. Because when it comes to music everything suits perfect to Donna; in \\"Mr. Music\\", \\"Fame\\", \\"The queen is back\\", she is bigger than big!!! And in tunes like \\"I'm a fire\\" and \\"It's only love\\" Donna shows why she is the ultimate dance Diva; and if you pick \\"Be Myself Again\\" you'll get Goosebumps. That only song deserves the album purchase. In synthesis there are not filler songs is an album delivered with dignity, and with a \\"know how\\" (savoir faire) that sends the implicit message; \\"this is my territory and the jokes are over\\" get aside \\"wannabes\\"; the queen is back!!!
0385335482|5.0|This is one of my favorite books, well the whole series. She's such a fun author, i enjoy all that she's written. Definitely a chick book and a keeper!
B00004TH83|3.0|Keep in mind this cd was released in 2000, so it has distinct \\"sounds\\" from that time period. Sounds very 90's in a way!    Nonetheless, her voice does do 'gymnastics' like the overly mean critics review above, (geez, amazon!) but not in a bad way. I feel she is singing perfectly for her voice range, not trying to sound like she tries to hit notes she shouldn't attempt, instead hitting them perfectly and with emotion. Broken Vow and The Dream Within are my favorites. (Josh Groban does a nice version on Broken Vow as well.)   Try going to the youtube website and looking up Broken Vow, and see just how powerful and gymnastic-ky her voice actually is.    3 stars only because this cd does sound very 90s, if I were giving a review 8 years ago, it would have been 4.
B001BPJJ82|5.0|Tarsem makes good on his horrible first film \\"The Cell\\" with this Terry Gilliam-esque masterpiece. No one ever said Tarsem couldn't shoot beautiful images, but actually making them fit in a meaningful way with a decent story and acting sure seemed far fetched a decade ago...<br /><br />\\"The Fall\\" has a great story,absolutely wonderful acting (the previously unknown child actress playing Alexandria is near a Dakota Fanning level of authenticness)and gorgeous cinematography. This was a blind-buy for me, and in my 10 years of collecting films \\"The Fall\\" stands out as one of the most satisfying. I wouldn't be surprised if Criterion added \\"The Fall\\" to their collection at some point, it would fit perfectly in my opinion.<br /><br />As for the Blu-Ray disc itself, the picture quality is the best of any live-action release, on any format, ever. The detail is amazing. Blacks are faithfully rendered, with no greys in its place, and the vivid colors are dream-like. I spent 3k on a new TV 6 months ago and the reason I went Blu-ray, was for PQ like this. Show almost any scene to your friends and make them rightfully jealous.
B000IOM1YG|5.0|As one of the first albums I ever bought myself on LP, and having been disappointed with the previous CD issue, I'm very pleased to finally have this captivating journey properly remastered at last.  It's gratifying to see the lengths that Parsons and Woolfson have gone to in raiding their archives (and fairly brave in a few instances, though the demos are fascinating documents in their own right).    \\"Pyramid\\" itself was described by them at the time as \\"a look at the past\\" in the way that \\"I Robot\\" had been \\"a look at the future.\\"  It succeeds in this perfectly - conjuring up distant times and spaces and displaying the trademark Parsons epic sound, using full orchestra and rock band in ways I think have never been bettered.  All of this would mean little if the vocal songs themselves weren't evocative and moving, written by one of the best writers working in rock (Woolfson) and delivered by the pick of Parsons' crack team of vocalists (Blunstone, Paton, Zakatek, Miles, Ford).    The tracks range from the sublime to the ridiculous.  The music builds superb choral and orchestral complexities over seemingly simple rock structures, combinations of electronic and acoustic, and even a keyboard track (from Parsons) that predicts the future of polyphonic synthesisers in its treated keyboard structure.    Subtlety, beauty, poignancy, literate lyrics and sweeping music - an album that needs to be heard (and reheard) in its entirety.  For new listeners, I'd recommend saving the bonus tracks for another day - give the whole album a few listens first and let it gradually work its magic.
0143034901|5.0|A second-hand bookseller takes his young son, Daniel, to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books, a secret library that preserves volumes that would otherwise be lost forever.  This event will result in a years-long quest for more information about an elusive author who mysterious life parallels young Daniel's in many ways.<br /><br />Carlos Luis Zafon's novel is big, gorgeous storytelling, full of passion.  The many characters have fascinating backstories that intertwine in unexpected ways, resulting in a very rich plot.  Fermin, a profane but courageous homeless former spy who become a loyal ally of Daniel, is one of my favorites, both for his great love of life and for the many hilarious comments he makes during the course of the story.  This is a masterwork of Gothic melodrama that revolves around the world of books and writing, an irresistible milieu for anyone who cherishes reading.
B00000I41G|5.0|For the coolest of late night straight ahead \\"classic\\" jazz trio and combo grooves... this is the CD to grab immediately!  Every cut and cat on this disc has something to say and I can't get enough!  No wonder Stevie Ray Vaughan dug Kenny!  Kick back and listen up! This is one of my all time favorites!
B000FVNX2Q|5.0|This calculator is the best financial calculator in the world.  I would recommend it to anyone looking for a business calculator.  Takes a bit of getting used to, but once you do, you will not want to be without it.
B0017VG69U|4.0|The restoration of year two of the original series brings new life to the old show. The carefully inserted computer generated images of ships, panets and phasers firing in episodes like the Doomsday Machine really makes a positive impact. I can find very little to fault CBS on in this bundle of CDs. Well worth the money in my opinion.
031606792X|5.0|I ordered this item for my daughter,and she wanted it so bad, so when she got it she was overwhelmed,she loves all of these kind of books now she is waiting for the movie coming in December,thanks for a great item and price.
031606792X|2.0|I agree with every thing that \\"Eventide\\" said in her review.  What a terrible disappointment this book has been compared to the other three.  \\"Cop-out\\" doesn't even begin to describe how Meyer decided to wrap up her book.   And it doesn't even wait until the end to cop out - it starts in the first chapter.  I had to make myself read the rest.    One additional critique:  the story from Jake's point of view, which takes up at least a third of the book, is entirely pointless.  The story is about Bella and it should be told from Bella's point of view - as it has always been.  To change mid-stream means that the author couldn't quite get her story across through Bella's eyes, and so she FORCED it out through Jake.  That should have been her clue right there to drop the story she was pushing and let the story tell itself - even if all the ends aren't tied up neatly.  If you stay with the characters long enough, the story will emerge from them and not from anxious publishers who are looking to make a quick buck.
B000ULQV0W|5.0|This may be a little softer than what some Pearl Jam fans expect from Eddie Vedder. Its the same type of music as his Crazy Mary single. I thought it was a great CD, even if you have not seen the movie or read the book the songs are moving.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I saw the stage play 3 times and the movie 2 times.  I play the CD all the time.  I have ABBA also but somehow it's not the same anymore.  I love love love the soundtrack, I can't wait to buy the DVD when it comes out.  Great job from all the cast, there wasn't a minute I didn't enjoy immensley.
0345501292|5.0|I can honestly say that Raiders of the Lost Ark is my favorite film of all-time. I cannot count how many times I went to the theater back in the summer of 1981 as a wide-eyed 14 year old kid and took this amazing trip alongside Indy, Sallah, and Marion. That being said, this is a review of the book and not the film.    The book was a wonderful read. I was happy to see the most space set aside for Raiders, but the behind-the-scenes look at each film was equally interesting. The illustrations were very well chosen and my favorite images were the rare on-set photos of cast and crew.
B000002UA7|4.0|I have always liked Kate Bush.This will not hurt to have in your collection Igive it the thumbs up at 9 out of 10
B000000OU0|5.0|Many people at the time did not think the band would play together again and the title says it all (of course they have done things after)    Great live renditions of Eagles Classics and even if you have the studio versions these are well worth having in your collection.    All you need to do is listen to the amazing version of Hotel California then you will get a sense of the level of this album.
B001B1UO6W|5.0|In the annals of horror cinema and television, there aren't many creatures that are scarier than a doll or puppet with a mind of its own.  The evil ventriloquist's dummy in DEAD OF NIGHT (1945), the malevolent Talky Tina in the classic TWILIGHT ZONE episode \\"Living Doll\\" (1963), the demonic Zuni fetish doll in the classic made-for-TV movie TRILOGY OF TERROR (1975), and the vengeful creations of toymaker Toulon in PUPPET MASTER (1989)--all of them have frightened and delighted horror fans through the years.  But probably the most notorious of all terrible toys in modern horror is Charles Lee Ray. What? You say you haven't heard of Charles Lee Ray? Sure you have! Only you probably know him better has Chucky, the malicious Good Guys doll in the 1988 horror classic CHILD'S PLAY.<br /><br />The popularity of the wisecracking, diabolical doll Chucky--possessed by the soul of serial killer Charles Lee Ray thanks to a voodoo spell--has precipitated a number of sequels, but in spite of bigger budgets and advancements in special FX, none have surpassed the fun and fright of the original film.  The acting from stars Catherine Hicks, Chris Sarandon, and Oscar-nominated (for 1975's ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST) actor Brad Dourif is top-notch, and even the performance from young actor Alex Vincent, who plays the \\"owner\\" of the Chucky doll, is quite affecting. The script is also tight and clever, offering a story with a believable plot that is several notches above the average slasher fare of the decade in which the film was original released.<br /><br />Although the film has been out on DVD for a number of years, the MGM/Fox release of the \\"20th-Birthday\\" edition of CHILD'S PLAY is still a pretty big deal.  The new DVD marks the first time the film has been released in its original aspect ratio of 1.85:1 (which alone makes it worth the purchase), and the disc also offers several cool extras: two feature commentaries, one that includes stars Catherine Hicks and Alex Vincent and one that includes the \\"father\\" of Chucky, screenwriter Don Mancini; scene-specific commentary with Chucky himself (actually, actor Brad Dourif in character); and four informative featurettes.  The digital transfer of the film on this new disc is very nice, with only a few very minor filmic artifacts, and the main soundtrack is offered in crisp, clear 5.1 Dolby Surround. Chucky has never looked or sounded better as he performs his brutal acts of cinematic murder, and at an average price of US$10.99, it would be a genuine crime for horror fans to pass up this chance to celebrate Chucky's 20th birthday!udes the \\"father\\" of Chucky, screenwriter Don Mancini; scene-specific commentary with Chucky himself (actually, actor Brad Dourif in character); and four informative featurettes.  The digital transfer of the film on this new disc is very nice, with only a few very minor filmic artifacts, and the main soundtrack is offered in crisp, clear 5.1 Dolby Surround. Chucky has never looked or sounded better as he performs his brutal acts of cinematic murder, and at an average price of US$10.99, it would be a genuine crime for horror fans to pass up this chance to celebrate Chucky's 20th birthday!
B000001Y5X|1.0|Tired cliches and stale lyrics set to a grating electronic noise that claims to be music. Isn't this idiot's 15 minutes of fame over yet?
B000002KCI|5.0|Excellent, mellow, beautiful as only Mr. Young can do. I owned this album years ago. It was stolen when my home was burgled. So happy to have it again. It's worth buying again.
0312360266|1.0|I'm really trying to read new vampires series after Twilight but NOTHING COMPARES SORRY ! The Story line was unoriginal and there was no depth to the story !
B001FW58D6|5.0|In 2001, when a little show called Alias hit the airwaves, I was instantly hooked on the creative genius that is J.J. Abrams. Since Alias, Abrams has become a household name for TV and Film geeks worldwide with such gems as Lost, Mission Impossible 3, and Cloverfield under his belt. For months now Fox has been brainwashing its viewers with promos of Abrams's newest TV creation, Fringe. With a reported $10,000,000 spent on the pilot alone, not to mention the eye-catching \\"from the creators of Lost\\" tagline, expectations have certainly been high for fans and critics alike. Would it, could it possibly live up to the hype? This past Tuesday was our chance to find out.     Episode Synopsis:    When an international flight lands at Boston's Logan Airport and there are no signs of life, FBI Special Agent Olivia Dunham, a scientist, Walter Bishop, and his son Peter uncover a deadly mystery involving a series of unbelievable events. ([...])      Right out of the gate, the Fringe pilot makes a strong case for being worthy of all the preceding hype. J.J. Abrams' formula for success is all over this thing and it works:    1. A seemingly unknown female lead that will undoubtedly be turned into a star? Check. Australian actress Anna Torv is perfectly cast as FBI Agent Olivia Dunham. She has the strong screen presence and subtle charm needed to be able to carry this series.     2. A somewhat has been actor that will no doubt be reinvented into a rising star? Check. Joshua Jackson (aka Pacey) wooed teen girls for years on the 90's WB sensation, Dawson's Creek. Here he gets a fresh new start as Peter Bishop, genius estranged son of Dr. Walter Bishop. I was pleasantly surprised with the depth of Jackson's performance and the welcome comedy relief he brings to the show.    3. A mega supporting cast? Check. John Noble plays the role of the eccentric, yet endearing Dr. Walter Bishop. I could almost here Middle Earth nerds celebrating worldwide as they realized this is the guy who playedDenethor, Steward of Gondor in Lord of the Rings: Return of the King (OK, yeah, I was celebrating, too). Truly, some of the funniest and most engaging scenes are between Walter and Peter Bishop. That's a relationship that I can't wait to see further explored on the show.     Lance Reddick (aka as Matthew Abaddon from Lost) brings a welcome mysterious air to the character of Philip Broyles. We find out early on that he works for Homeland Security, but before the episode's end we can't help but wonder who this guy really is.    Kirk Acevedo, Mark Valley, Blair Brown, and Jasika Nicole also bring strong supporting performances to this well rounded cast.      4. An underlying conspiracy that will only become more mysterious and vague as the show goes on? Check. J.J. Abrams has stated publicly that Fringe will be unlike Lost and Alias in that we will not have to watch every episode to follow the story.  I will believe that when I see it. The introduction to \\"The Pattern\\" toward the end of the episode seems to hint at an underlying mythology for the series. \\"The Pattern\\" is sure to be discussed, analyzed, and mulled over to the extent of the \\"Dharma Initiative\\". What is The Pattern exactly? I don't know and neither do you. That is why we will be back for more. Some may consider this an annoying storytelling device, but I love my TV shows served up complex and mind boggling. Bring it on J.J.!!      Fringe is all about exploring fringe science (teleportation, invisibility, time travel, telepathy, etc, etc.). This is where the X-Files feel of the show comes in to play (thankfully J.J. Abrams has also said the show will stay away from aliens). The first scene of the pilot is a shocking and gruesome foreshadowing of what we can expect each week. And what a way to kick off a series! Who doesn't enjoy watching skin falling off of someone's face at 30,000 feet?     There were some other subtle touches that I enjoyed from this first episode. The cinematography was breathtaking throughout and if you haven't watched this show in High Definition you are truly missing out! The special effects were top notch and I especially enjoyed the translucent skin one of the characters was afflicted with. The location subtitles for each scene were very innovative. Much like the titles for each new Heroes episode, the location subtitles were imbedded in really cool places throughout the pilot. This is sure to become a unique Fringe trademark that adds a little more creative depth to the show. The mysterious Massive Dynamic Corporation, the yet to be seen CEO William Bell, and COO Nina Sharp's Terminator-like arm were also intriguing additions to the plot. Indeed a viral Fringe website for Massive Dynamic has already launched.     No doubt Lost fans are going to be looking under every nook and cranny for connections between the two series. Interestingly enough, the new autopilot system used to land the plane in this episode is referred to as the Pearl System. Maybe a not so subtle nod to Lost's Pearl Station? Although I didn't notice, there are reports online that a few of the infamous Lost numbers make appearances throughout the pilot. While I enjoy such shenanigans, I do hope this is nothing more than J.J. Abrams being all cutesy for his Lost fans. If we find out somewhere down the line that Fringe and Lost are interconnected I think my feeble brain will explode.     The only thing working against Fringe is its home on Fox, which has an awful track record of canning great TV shows prematurely. Fans of shows such as Firefly and Drive know exactly what I'm talking about. The buzz and promos certainly lean in the show's favor, but with Fox no show is ever safe. Although I'm sure Fox has already renewed Hole in the Wall for eight seasons. I would love to have seen ABC pick up Fringe and scheduled it next to Lost each week.    I was very impressed with the Fringe pilot and afterwards my wife and I shared that look that can only say, \\"We've found yet another show to be addicted to\\". Great writing, strong acting, and an intriguing plot are sure to keep us coming back for more. The great twist at the end of the episode gives us a taste of the strong storytelling that is sure to come with each new installment. If you missed the premiere you still have a chance to catch up. Sunday, September 14th, Fox will be replaying the pilot at 8/7 central with a preview of the new 24 movie coming in November. You can also watch the pilot in glorious HD at Fox's website.
006135323X|5.0|This was a terrific book but far from perfect. Ariely describes numerous studies. Readers will object to methodologies used and many of the author's conclusions and thoughts. But we have to keep in mind that the topic of the book is behavioral economics which makes disagreement and lack of perfect studies okay. Behavioral economics is not a hard science like physics or chemistry. Studies in hard sciences need to be reproducible to a greater degree than in behavioral economics. People who object that economics is not a science are correct in some sense but also many also do not appreciate that despite it not being a hard science it is still a very important discipline. The studies mentioned in this book are different than studies in hard sciences, where you can predict to a great degree of accuracy what will happen if you repeated the study, but we still should not discount the importance of these studies.    Ariely is entertaining and his enthusiasm is contagious. Whether you agree or disagree with his conclusions, he gives you lots to think about. As a bonus, there are real life applications to his studies that readers can immediately implement in their own lives.     Dozens of studies are mentioned in this entertaining book. Thoughtful readers may object to methodologies and the author's conclusions. For example, in one study demonstrating how free items are valued irrationally highly the author mentions that (actual numbers may not be accurate here, but you'll get the idea) 73% of participants chose to buy a 15 cent Lindt chocolate over a 1 cent Hershey's Kiss. When the price of Lindt was dropped to 14 cent and the Hershey's Kiss was free then 65% chose the Kiss over the Lindt. Isn't that irrational? Maybe but maybe not. Did a lot of people in the first scenario walk away without buying either and in the second scenario there was absolutely no draw back to selecting the free Kiss so they chose that over the Lindt. Perhaps if I were to look at the original study (which I didn't but there are references which the curious reader could pursue) I would find that this point was addressed. Ariely, himself, even discusses some points which would lead us to conclude that participants were indeed rational.    The author makes policy implications and makes the point that due to human irrationality traditional economics may not depict the real world as much as it could. This is a very valid point. For example, many Business School professors have been preaching the efficient market theory, which many others including the world's greatest investor, Warren Buffett, would not agree with. Ariely challenges the assumptions of traditional economics which ultimately will improve the discipline much like how Einstein improved physics when he challenged some of its assumptions.    This is an outstanding book and Ariely has done a great service by making these concepts readable for people not just in academics. I highly recommend this book and if you enjoyed this one then don't miss \\"Influence\\" by Robert Cialdini.
B0013FBTHO|5.0|Will Smith shines as he always does.  His range of abilities in his various films, from those like this to \\"Pursuit of Happyness\\" is wonderful.  Once again he is engaging in this movie.      Though there are a couple of scenes (the \\"Shrek\\" scene\\") which may have gone on too long and some other quibbles (Yes the movie started out very strong, the first moment with the television interview grabs you) it did tail off somewhat by the second half.  And while some of the CG was brilliant, some was weak.  But the scenes of Manhattan alone makes the other CGs a bit more forgivable (though it does beg the question why couldn't they step the other parts up a bit?)    There were also a couple of points that were just a little stretch/gaps in the plot.  Without being a spolier here, and just in general - all the bridges and other ways in and out of Manhattan were destroyed and exactly how good is the zombies sense of tracking and how easily can they be thrown off?  If you watch the movie you may see these points.    But by the same token if you are willing to accept the general premise, the little points should not take away from the movie overall.
B00049QNMG|4.0|I listened to this album many many times back in the day! And i always liked it then! This is a DVD-A disc which means it's recorded directly from the 2ch master tape... If you have a higher end system you should definitely hear a difference from the normal retail CD. There was never a surround mix of this made \\"officially,\\" there are a couple out there \\"faked\\" from the stereo CD but they're not from the original multi-track recording... AP him self said that he would love to do a surround mix of this album but getting the record company to pay for it is a different story!     If it was an official 5.1 disc I would give it 5 stars!    Enjoy!
B0013NBBOW|5.0|I can only add, this grupo features the BEST of Steve Hillage, as relates to his guitar-work, and vocals, which are much more understated than his solo recordings. In my opinion, the solo recordings feature his vocals which sound more as a \\"whine\\" than singing, with Khan, more body to his sound.<br /><br />The compositions are first rate, a nice combinstion of the Canterbury sound ,the rock influences and the more jazz influenced sounds of Gilgamesh,Hatfield , etc. and even Morrisey's more \\"working class jazz rock grupo, 'If', to use some example.<br /><br />Even as Steve Hillage solo recordings are fun, and have many magic moments, I enjoy Khan and Gong , more cohesion.<br /><br />1000 estrelas no ceu!<br /><br />Nice it is finally avaliable again on CD format, but much over priced, no?
0767812387|5.0|Loved this movie. Vanessa Williams is extremely talented and beautiful to watch.  She looks as good as any professional I've ever seen. Cheyanne is also very talented and makes the movie that much better to watch as he's easy to look at. Great dance scenes throughout and not a bad story line at all.  We really liked this movie from beginning to end and it's very inspiring.
B0019VTKIM|5.0|This is a great movie, one of the many classics that one ought to at least see, let alone own.  A movie about honesty, integrity, and trustworthiness, and one that is definitely worth owning for one's personal DVD library.  A little heralded film starring Charlton Heston and a very young Sophia Loren, about a great warrior and man of faith who unites Spain against the Moorish invasion.  The extra DVD about John Bevere's discussion of integrity is an added plus to this wonderful and inspiring film.  Definitely worth viewing and owning for all time!
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I'm sorry to tell ya, but warner know just as good as we are, that the second two movies are .. well.. bellow critics, and they know for good, that noone will ever spend money to buy them in solo. This is why they are using the first title to sell the other two. It's an old story.
031606792X|1.0|I wasn't expecting much really, the first three books were terrible. The writing is horrible and it takes Stephenie Meyer 600 pages to deliver a story that shouldn't exceed 250. The first book was one long question and answer session, the second had about 400 pages of nonproductive whining, the third.. I don't even remember the third and the fourth book ooo~oooh the forth! I think the fact that Jacob falls in love with an infant speaks for its self!    And what bugs me the most is that the characters NEVER change, since the 1st book there has been no character development of any kind. Sure stuff happens, they fight, they save the day but do they grow from that experience, does the next book have a more mature Bella? No, it's like nothing happened.    And would you people PLEASE stop comparing this series to Harry Potter!!! JKR created a world filled with so much depth and detail CHARACTERS with so much depth! when you finish reading one of her books it takes you a few days to pull yourself out of her world. And it's not just about the story it's the way the author delivers it and I think anyone who read both series would agree with JKR's superiority. So please never put the two in the same sentence...    You would ask me why I've read all four and I would tell that's because I am a curious idiot who buys the next book just to see what stupidity she could come up with next.    PS  I meant no star not one, amazon wont let me.
B0015XHQTE|5.0|This collection, besides being great transfers of the five Dirty Harry movies, hosts a fund of extras, some new material and other things off A&E.  Plus you get a bonus hardcover book and a Inspector Badge w/Harry's picture and badge #2211!  The films speak for themselves but the extra features on each disc (informational looks as the films and the career of Clint Eastwood).  Well worth the investment.
B001BPJJ82|5.0|I saw the trailer of this movie from \\"The Counterfeiters\\" blu-ray and I was totally blown away by its stunning setting, landscape, and the color so rich and saturated that seem to be dripping out of my TV.   When the blu ray finally came out on the 9th, I bought it right away. Yes, it's worth every single penny. Regardless of the story line and the so lovely little Alexandria played by Catinca Untaro, the movie is a visual feast not for a fainted heart. :) The majestic yet serene landscape, the flamboyant costume, the manicured European or Asian gardens/cities, the Taj Mahal, the choreographed group movement in a beautiful setting, everything is shot in precision and perfection.  If you have a blu ray collection, this is the one you should definitely own since it is a rare art house movie that amplifies the advantage of HD images to an incomparable height.
B0009UC7QQ|5.0|I like this movie alot; I like Jim Carrey as a serious actor and as a semiserious one.  He is an incredible actor.  The story gives one pause to consider what if my life had been entirely staged, scripted, and was on display 24 hours a day.  Yikes!
B000JIHP88|5.0|I registered for this mobile to attach to my daughter's crib.  I didn't use it for a while but have started to recently.  Every morning when she wakes up and when she wakes up from her naps, I find her happy and smiling in her crib staring up at the animals hanging from the mobile.  She loves them!  Now that she is alert and aware of her surroundings, she can see them and keep herself entertained and happy.  Instead of being notified that she is awake by hearing crying, I hear happy noises which makes getting her up from her crib a wonderful experience.    At nighttime, I have recently started putting her down when she is sleepy but awake and fussy.  I turn the mobile on with the Bach music setting and she lays there listening and watching until she falls asleep on her own.  I have successfully gotten her to fall asleep at naptime this way with just playing the music.  The movement seems to keep her up during the day.    The remote seems like a great idea but I have not had to use it yet.  I just wish they made a travel mobile!
0553062182|5.0|I haven't finished it yet as it stirs up a lot of memories and I have to process a bit at at time, but the information is very reassuring, normalizing, and validates my experience of myself.  I can also see the traits clearly in others that share this attribute.  I am very grateful for this book.
0962929875|3.0|First of all I purchased the wrong edition, English/Hmong, which wasn't exactly what I meant to buy, but that's my fault of course, second what's all the hype about? I wasn't impressed and neither were my kids, but to each his own I guess. It was also quite expensive, I feel foolish for spending so much on something we don't really like.
B00005JKNC|5.0|I absolutely love this movie; I've watched it at least five times since I have owned it which is only a few weeks.  It is warm, caring, wonderful message, and an insight into what folks went through during the McCarthy witch hunts of the 1950's.
B00005Y6YB|5.0|Back in the 1840's the State Texas was known as the Texas Republic, a harsh environment where several cultures clashed: Apache and Comanche, Anglos and Hispanics, for the most part, Mexicans. The battle over land, water and resources was furious, the spirit of these men as they set out to conquer, indomitable. The Texas Rangers were members of a law enforcement agency that investigated crimes from murder to political corruption, tracking fugitives and forging most important events in Texas history.    In their early days, the Texas Rangers protected the frontier against Indian attacks on settlers, then serving as scouts, spies, couriers, and guides for those wishing to settle in the West. These men were trained to aim, fire and reload their weapons from horseback, an amazing development from the usual technique of dismounting before shooting at enemies and reloading.    We now see Robert Duvall and Tommy Lee Jones star as Gus McCrae and Woodrow Call. In this last installment, the cowboys are much older but still want adventure in their lives, so they set out to drive cattle to Montana, for 2,500 miles.    They steal cattle from a gang of Mexican cattle rustlers and it is quite fun to witness how it gets done. Robert Urich plays the part of Jake Spoon, a Ranger who used to help the prostitute that gave a son to Woodrow Call. But he has changed and we soon see him involved with a local prostitute, played by Diane Lane. He is not good to her and gets involved with a gang of murderers that bring him dishonor and death.    The cattle drive is fascinating, we learn much about how to survive in the west, where to cross rivers, and what to avoid. The scenery is beautiful and the performances are outstanding. Angelica Huston plays the role of Clara. Don't miss it.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|First off, to give you an idea where I'm coming from, it would be difficult to find a bigger fan of everything that is Priest, and everything that is connected to Priest, than I.     I was shaking my head in disappointment the first time I listened to this. It was totally different than I was expecting. I played it at least a 10 times in a row before listening to anything else. At that point I did find myself singing some of the choruses and differentiating most of the songs from each other. I believe most of the poor reviews people have posted here are knee jerk reviews after but a few listens. If I had let myself review it on June 17th after just 2 listens I might have given it 3 stars at best...     Anyway, I tried to let it sit a bit while I listened to other new CDs that were in need of listening. Nostradamus kept begging for more attention; so, that I gave it, after about a week. This time I put it back into the CD player with a different perspective on what I was going to hear. Upon listening again it really brought the whole thing together for me. The work that must have gone into creating this epic was much more obvious, and my enjoyment was multiplied exponentially. The chugging and the changing up of the whole thing; the guitars really started to distinguish themselves; it keeps getting darker and heavier with every listen. Halford, dawning the robe of Nostradamus himself; he took on the role wholeheartedly; his voice unfailing. Yes folks, if you're reading this after you put away your copy of Nostradamus 2 months ago, give it another try. If you have not yet listened to it then I would recommend that you not read any of the reviews that give it 2 stars or less.     Bottom line for me:   First off, the closest past Priest material to this might be the second side of Sin After Sin; think back to how these songs roll together \\"Let Us Prey - Call For The Priest - Raw Deal - Here Come The Tears - Dissident Aggressor\\". If you have not heard these songs, or this album, you're probably not reading this review. If you are reading this review and you are not familiar with Sin After Sin, well, I don't really know what to say to that! Anyway, in either case here is another attempt to describe how I believe this album is put together; If you take the first three Priest albums, add Angel of Retribution, then grind them all up, it might feel something like this album.    Sure, many old school Priest fans will have trouble with this album as it is definitely not Stained Class, British Steel or Screaming for Vengeance. However, it contains many hints of past Priest. And, all of the Priest trademarks are still evident here. I have listened to this at least 100 times now. Given opportunity, and in time, I believe this album will go down as one of the most revered works in Heavy Metal History.
140120306X|2.0|Several years ago I came across Alan Moore's THE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMAN and was blown away.  I was an English major in college and I honestly learned more about books and some of their key plot points from reading LoEG than I did from many of my literature classes.  I loved the concept of bringing together figures from different pieces of fiction and uniting them into a covert team secretly working for the benefit of the human race.  I was even more impressed a few years later after reading Vol. II in the series and was quite excited by the news that a third volume was in the works.  But, that was before I actually got my hands on the third volume, THE BLACK DOSSIER and had a chance to read it.<br /><br />THE BLACK DOSSIER takes place over fifty years when Vol. II ended.  England is just coming out of the days of living under Big Brother and the government is interested in retrieving a book that contains a record about the famous extraordinary leagues from generations past.  Exactly what the government wants with the book, the black dossier, isn't exactly clear.  However, it's suspected that they want it for ill purposes.  Two of the people featured prominently in the black dossier, Allan Quatermain and Mina Murray, know that they and others aren't safe as long as the book is around and break in and steal it and attempt to an unchartered part of the world known as \\"the blazing world.\\"  They are chased by several MIA agents, including a handsome brat who introduces himself as, \\"Bond, James Bond.\\"  Unfortunately, neither Bond or any of the other people chasing the duo are much of a match and Allan and Mina seem to take the entire \\"adventure\\" as a holiday escapade.<br /><br />The literary and pop cultural references in THE BLACK DOSSIER are more numerous than in any of the other two volumes.  That's kind of a plus.  However, none of the references really matter much because they are just tossed about like candy in a parade without any real connection to the few events that take place in the story.  Kevin O'Neill once again provides for some amazing illustrations as he did in the previous volumes of the series; his artistic talent is just as strong as Moore's literary storytelling prowess.  However, for whatever reason, Moore doesn't really tell much of a story.  Instead readers are provided with another side note in the continuing adventures of Allan and Mina (from which we learn from THE BLACK DOSSIER that there were many) and that's about it.<br /><br />THE BLACK DOSSIER does feature some interesting inserts that are in many instances more entertaining than the major story of THE BLACK DOSSIER itself, e.g. postcards from around the world, a Tijuana Bible, and a pair of 3-D glasses needed to understand the bizarre ending of the novel.  These \\"extras\\" really aren't extras and are actually parts of a puzzle and are needed to be read and viewed to understand what THE BLACK DOSSIER is all about.  I like that idea, but when the idea supplements the story that it is supposed to be supplementing, it doesn't make for a very entertaining read.  Hard core fans of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen will be interested in THE BLACK DOSSIER, but that's about it.take place in the story.  Kevin O'Neill once again provides for some amazing illustrations as he did in the previous volumes of the series; his artistic talent is just as strong as Moore's literary storytelling prowess.  However, for whatever reason, Moore doesn't really tell much of a story.  Instead readers are provided with another side note in the continuing adventures of Allan and Mina (from which we learn from THE BLACK DOSSIER that there were many) and that's about it.    THE BLACK DOSSIER does feature some interesting inserts that are in many instances more entertaining than the major story of THE BLACK DOSSIER itself, e.g. postcards from around the world, a Tijuana Bible, and a pair of 3-D glasses needed to understand the bizarre ending of the novel.  These \\"extras\\" really aren't extras and are actually parts of a puzzle and are needed to be read and viewed to understand what THE BLACK DOSSIER is all about.  I like that idea, but when the idea supplements the story that it is supposed to be supplementing, it doesn't make for a very entertaining read.  Hard core fans of The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen will be interested in THE BLACK DOSSIER, but that's about it.
031606792X|4.0|I enjoyed this book and hoped that this would not be the end of this great 'epic'....though I do need to say that towards the end it did drag out a bit, but I loved it none-the-less!
1401207510|1.0|THE ABSOLUTE LEAGUE OF EXTRAORDINARY GENTLEMEN: THE BLACK DOSSIER is basically the same thing as the regular THE BLACK DOSSIER. There are no new extras. The only difference is that the book is larger and comes in a slip case.  That's it. This is an item that only an obsessive compulsive completist should have. For anyone else, just get the regular THE BLACK DOSSIER edition.
B0011N1WE8|5.0|I watched this with my nieces and their aunts and my mother....every age group loved it and it was bittersweet--i think we all feel like penelope at some point in our life
B000GBEWHA|4.0|I HATE this film, when I once loved it. Growing up has made me realize a LOT of good things about maturity, and one of them is the fact that this really is a bad movie. The acting is mediocre, if not bad, and the story is crap! I would say that is high school, there is a LOT to fret over, but not a boyfriend-girlfriend thing! Leave that to an obnoxious John Hughes film! Some of the music really is intellegently written, and the singing isn't too bad either, the I just have to say, that it does not deliver anymore. I would like to say I am a big fan, as I was ten years ago, but watching it recently, I realized that this movie was utter crap, and I cringe at it. Especially John Travolta, more like John Revolta!-or just plain revolting! My parents were right when they said the film was bad, but I wouldn't listen to them, now...I wish I had!
1932907009|3.0|Movies are for emotional adolescents with short attention spans who want to feel but lack the maturity to think. If you want to feel you go to a movie; if you want to think you read or go to a play.    This book entertainingly repeats advice from earlier writers on how to write scripts that make you feel. And it is scripts that make you feel that make money for both writer and producer. If money is your goal as a scriptwriter this book is a helpful package. If you want to write for the brain don't waste your time with movies; you should be writing novels or drama. The author doesn't understand that which is why I gave it 3 stars.
B000VKJ6VS|5.0|The rating says it all. There's very few bands out there that can do what they do and create the sound that they create.
B00102FELM|4.0|A great band always give you excellent music. A good review of their best hits, including their previous players. I just hate the camera moving. You can´t see nothing. Every take last half second. When they are doing solos the camera is taking everything but the player. In spite of this, good video.
B001BR5F4C|5.0|I always found the original release of Kill Bill on DVD to be a bit lackluster.  I thought that the picture was soft and the colors were often over-saturated to the point of bleeding.<br /><br />These new Blu-ray releases from Disney remedy all of that.  Outstanding picture quality with a perfect color palette.  The picture is nice and sharp with no sign of false sharpening (edge enhancement).  The sound mix is sublime with a fantastic PCM track that gives the full experience of the movie and breathes new life into this film.<br /><br />If you are a fan of the movie, and you have a Blu-ray player, then you will want this release.  It's the best presentation of the movie outside of the theater.
1401309666|4.0|The book was pretty informative however a lot of the information that was in it I found a duplication from what was posted on the author's blog.  There is a lot of fuel for thought in deciding what kind of business or product to sell considering that there is a niche market for probably anything that anybody can think of.  Recommended.
0571202284|1.0|Animation is now done in 3-D this book is dated.<br />The book I have on by Don Bluth were much more elaborate on the animnation process then this book. The drawings are primative and don't offer much of the way of substance you can take them at face value.<br />If you like stick figures you might like this book.
B0010X8NF0|3.0|I've seen one too many \\"let's look at India but not the REAL India\\" movies lately.  Fortunately, this isn't one of them.  Instead, it's a movie where India is a backdrop to be ignored, aside from one totally unnecessary subplot about sex that could not happen.<br /><br />Rather, this is an observant and very watchable film about three brothers who set out on a \\"spiritual journey\\" in which they never get out of themselves long enough to notice anything else.  Good chemistry, great acting, sharp writing, and a fine movie.
031606792X|5.0|As an adult I loved this series!  I am a married mother of 2 and I thought this was wonderful.  I will encourage my daughter to read it (when she is old enough) also.  I want her to read it for many reasons.  I think this book brings up many topics that I think should be discussed.  If I was the parent of a teenager who was reading this series and I had not read it myself I may feel a little different.  I know that relationships are build on many levels, that controlling relationships are very, very bad, and that keeping secrets from your parents is not something I would want to encourage but as a fantisy novel, this is a great series.  I love the characters for who they are.  I love the dynamics of the book and I love the start and the ending, but again, this is coming from an adult.  I read all 4 books in 2 weeks.  I could not put them down (and now I am starting over and rereading them again to catch all the little things I missed this first time).  I thought there were a lot of positive messages as well.  I love that both Edward and Bella are bright individuals, that fitting in with others are not that important and that being true to yourself is very important ...but there are also a lot of messages that are just not something I want my child to see as the norm or the standard in relationships. Again I am older and now the \\"ways of the world\\".  Some teens may not.  My advise, parents, read the books along with your kids.  They are really good books and they may even open a topic for discussion.
B000YABYLA|4.0|A very enjoyable movie.  The topic of teenage pregnancy is often a difficult subject for a movie, but this one does it with depth, compassion and much humor.    The casting is wonderful and Ellen Page is absoultely brilliant playing the title role of \\"Juno\\".  She's smart, funny, cool/uncool teenager who finds herself pregnant and finds the seeminingly perfect couple to adopt her unborn baby.   The movie explores the relationship with Juno and the parents to be, her parents and her \\"boyfriend along with the relationship of the \\"parents to be\\".    It's a very touching story with a couple unexpected turns.  You'll also find yourself laughing along the way.  I can see why this movie got such positive reviews and I would absoultely recommend it
1416524800|4.0|Deception Point is a very suspenseful novel.  Worth reading and is one of Dan Brown's best novels - second only to the Da Vinci Code.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I was a little skeptical when I bought this DVD, but for the price, I decided to try it out.  I must say, for a 20 minute workout, Jillian really works your body!!  I have been going to the gym for the past month, and I have never done as much sweating as I did with this dvd.  It's split up into 3 different levels so as you progress, you can move onto the next level.  I am still on level 1, and I am still getting a full body workout.  I will probably be ready for level 2 in another month, lol!  The nights I don't go to the gym, I put in this dvd.  It's wonderful that it is only 20 minutes long because I work two jobs and time is very limited.  I would definitely suggest this video to anyone from beginners to the more advanced.  Jillian keeps you motivated and even shows modified versions of the different exercises.  Overall, it will challenge and keep you motivated at the same time.
031606792X|2.0|I was very disappointed in this book.  After beginning to read the first 3 books, I couldn't put them down.  I would stay up late and get up early just to read more.  This book took me a couple of weeks to get through.  From page 1 to the last page I wondered why I was reading it and what a tragic summation to the other 3 books.    I was very disappointed with the whole baby thing as well as her becoming a vampire.  The whole thing with Jacob and the baby bothered me because he was settling for something that was only apart of who he truly loved.  I enjoy a good fairy tale, however this was simply a fairy tale.    I would recommend buying the first 3 because you will read them over and over again.  I would recommend checking this book out at the local library before making the purchase.  I hope that Hollywood is planning on making movies out of all of the books.  My only fear is that they will take this book for what it is and not change it to glamorize the characters as they usually do.  I would like to see them make this better.  First and last time I think I'll ever say that.
0739368435|5.0|I've just ordered my EIGHTH copy--one for me and seven for gifts, and it isn't even Christmas yet!  I enjoyed it so much I want everyone to have the experience of reading it, and everyone I've given it to has loved it as much as I.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|Originally written on October 10, 2007...<br /><br />Radiohead released their seventh album this week, amid much hoopla. The \\"pay what you want.\\" feature has been debated on the web and in the media ever since it was first announced back on October 1st. Here's a question, though. How's the music?<br /><br />Well, I'm happy to report that the music is excellent. While not the giant stylistic leap that Kid A was from OK Computer, there is definite evidence of growth on In Rainbows.<br /><br />The first thing that jumps out at you is the percussion. Phil Selway's drumming propels the band throughout the album. However, it's the blending of the guitar-driven rock and more experimental material that seems to finally be reaching the heights hinted at on the last album, Hail To The Thief.<br /><br />The opening track, 15 Steps, is full of the electronic beats and syncopation we heard on Kid A and Amnesiac. However, this time, they're complemented by a wonderfully warm guitar and bass. The album is drawing you in with the same ethereal qualities of the Bends and OK Computer, but it's still challenging you like Kid A and Amnesiac. The blend is irresistibly inviting.<br /><br />Fuzzy, churning guitar introduces my early favorite for best track on the album, Bodysnatchers. The pace is ferocious and the song quite frankly kicks major a**. Ed and Colin hitch a ride with Phil while Jonny and Thom provide signposts along the way.<br /><br />The third track, Nude, is a song that the band have been working on for over ten years. Originally part of the sessions for OK Computer, and originally titled \\"Big Ideas (Don't Get Any)\\", it was featured during the tour promoting the album back in 1997, but was never actually recorded. After a decade of tinkering, the result is another beautifully haunting ballad in the tradition of Street Spirit.<br /><br />We're right back to prevalent drums in Weird Fishes/Arpeggi, which features a great jam where the lead guitar seems to be more like a twinkling bell (do bells twinkle?).<br /><br />All I Need proceeds at a dirge-like pace, and the music is as low key as the pace suggests. However, the lyrics are some of the most heartfelt/creepy on the album. Is it a song of love? Not quite. Listen again.<br /><br />Soft acoustic guitars and violin are featured in Faust Arp, a song that recalls Eleanor Rigby.<br /><br />Reckoner has an almost dance beat to it. A very cool groove going on underneath some disturbing lyrics. Ahh, Thom.<br /><br />House of Cards is another one that makes you think. Is it a political statement? Not necessarily. Listen again, and it sounds like maybe it's a discussion between two adulterers.<br /><br />Jigsaw Falling Into Place features a prominent acoustic guitar, and rolls along at a good clip. Describing life in a band, or just a night out perhaps?<br /><br />Closing out the album is Videotape. Thom at the piano musing on death, it's a haunting end to an excellent album.<br /><br />In Rainbows is a document of a band at the height of their powers. I haven't been this excited by a record in years.<br /><br />A +t a dirge-like pace, and the music is as low key as the pace suggests. However, the lyrics are some of the most heartfelt/creepy on the album. Is it a song of love? Not quite. Listen again.    Soft acoustic guitars and violin are featured in Faust Arp, a song that recalls Eleanor Rigby.    Reckoner has an almost dance beat to it. A very cool groove going on underneath some disturbing lyrics. Ahh, Thom.    House of Cards is another one that makes you think. Is it a political statement? Not necessarily. Listen again, and it sounds like maybe it's a discussion between two adulterers.    Jigsaw Falling Into Place features a prominent acoustic guitar, and rolls along at a good clip. Describing life in a band, or just a night out perhaps?    Closing out the album is Videotape. Thom at the piano musing on death, it's a haunting end to an excellent album.    In Rainbows is a document of a band at the height of their powers. I haven't been this excited by a record in years.    A +
0452289963|1.0|In some ways, I liked this book because it offered a \\"somewhat\\" different and simplistic way teaching people about Buddhism. The problem is that true Buddhism is many faceted and Tolle seems to have forgotten or has never known that fact.  One of the problems in my opinion, with this book was that the author seemed to ramble on and on and on. He appeared to recant events and insights that didn't really pertain to anything except his belief in his own sense of self worth. The author's life, in my opinion does not illustrate an example of life's lessons learned but instead exemplifies only the fact that his opinion is based on the fact that he is oh, so perfect and oh, so enlightened. I think not!
B0018M6J90|4.0|This is a delightful little feel-good movie -- excellent for a rainy afternoon. Amy Adams (Delysia) glows and Frances McDormand lights up the screen in her own way making Miss Pettigrew someone you'd like to have as a friend. Miss Pettigrew uses her wisdom and experience to guide her employer through a variety of ticklish situations. As Miss Pettigrew helps Delysia straighten out her life, she stumbles over what she's been missing for many years -- love. Never fear -- there's a happy ending for them both.
031606792X|5.0|First off, I loved this book. Yes it was a bit long and there were moments in which it was slow but overall a very good book with a wonderful ending.   I can see why some people did not like this book. Meyers makes a leap with this book from Teen fiction to something that could easily be adult. I disagree completely, as a mother myself with three children, that this book promotes teen pregancy. Bella marries Edward, they are husband and wife and while Bella may be only 18 (which as a mother of a son who will be 18 is legally an adult if I am not mistaken), I think everyone forgets that Edward is not a teenager himself.  I would love to see more books in the future with all of the Cullen family but I would especially like to see Meyers write a book with Nessie and Jacob.
031606792X|5.0|Thank you very much!  The book was on time the day that I expected it and at a better price than I could have gotten it at the book store.
B0015KO52S|4.0|Jack White (or should I say Jack White III, as he is billed on this album) is one busy man, keeping things going between the White Stripes and the Brendan Benson co-lead Raconteurs. After the band's 2006 \\"Broken Toy Soldiers\\" poppy-sounding album, the band now returns with this.<br /><br />\\"Consolers of the Lonely\\" (14 tracks; 56 min.) starts off with the White Stripes-sounding title track, which I love. But it's immediately clear that when the next track (\\"Salute Your Solution\\") plays that the band is after a more expansive musical pallet, and to great effect. That said, I don't get into \\"The Switch and the Spur\\" at all, with a trumpet overplay, same with \\"Many Shades of Black\\". But \\"Hold Up\\" rocks hard! Other highlights for me include \\"Attention\\", an all-out rocker, and the closer \\"Carolina Drama\\". A great album all around, even if a bit overlong at 56 min. Cut a couple of the weaker tracks and we're talking 4.5 stars.<br /><br />The evolution/departure from \\"Broker Toy Soldiers\\" is quite remarkable and impressive. I saw the Raconteurs deliver a blistering set at Bonnaroo a few months ago, and let there be no mistake, this is Jack White's band, sorry Brendan. Can't wait to see how Jack will keep the balancing act going between the White Stripes and the Raconteurs.
B000QFCD2W|2.0|Wow, what a shame.  Coming off the creative high of Puppet Master, I expected something equally varied and creative.  Its hard to believe this is Mike Weed and the rest of the crew.  I waited a while to review so that I could maybe begin to give a crap about this release, but no such luck.      The music and vocals are just...well, boring.  Yeah, there's a lot of technical guitar wizardry, but so what?  Its rather aimless and meandering.  King is up to the same old routine as well.  Puppet Master was fresh, varied, musically interesting, and well balanced.  This is just...its just forgettable...and I really wish that were not the case.  But so be it.
031606792X|4.0|I'm 54, and my 19 year old daughter introduced me to the series a month ago. Let's just say I found the books to be spellbinding, and was thankful the last book had been written before I started the first.    As I read through the reviews, and through Stephenie Meyers website and her thoughts on the books, I feel the worst of the reviews have dealt with this final book in the series rather harshly, and in my opinion, it's not deserved. Any complaints about Bella's marriage at 18 are superfluous when one considers the point of the relationship between Bella and Edward. There was no question that Bella had met her \\"soul mate\\" in the only way one could in a fantasy series. Her destruction when he left was a part of that experience, and was not meant to mirror what happens in the normal chain of events in real life. There was a connection between Bella and Edward that was fate waiting to happen, and any attempt to severe the thread that bound them was going to be physically painful. You can't try to draw a parallel between Bella's emotional breakdown and what SHOULD happen to young women in the real world, because this is a book of fantasy about a fantasy relationship that is stronger then anything anyone in real life is going to experience.    If anything, I was more annoyed by her reluctance to marry him. However, I understood the author allowed Bella to be influenced by her cultural upbringing in spite of her sure knowledge that waiting would not bring any change to how she felt about him. There are also hints that there was a genetic predisposition for this to be her life as well. Her ability to shield her thoughts had no use as a human.     Again, as I read the reviews and the complaints about tying everything up in a neat little package, I think what's lost is the understanding fate was going to move all of them into this neat little package if certain conditions were met. It was going to require a battle, both mental and physical, but if she - in fact, if ALL ofthem won, then their paths would move in the direction of a fate that perhaps comes to those who actively work towards it. Although written from Bella's point of view, the story still encompasses all of the characters and what came to them as a result of the central relationship of the two characters - and their own involvement in the struggle.     As for Jacob imprinting on Nessie, well, it was just ironic, wasn't it? Humor, don't you think? Not only did it explain Bella's obsession with him, but it allowed the continuing development of Jacob's friendship with Edward, and allowed the author to throw in a humorous twist.    As the author has indicated, the first book was not originally written for young adults, so if you want to blame anyone for the loss of a moral lesson, blame the publisher. If you insist upon a lesson then take away the following:     Bella did not succeed on her own, but only through the love of the Cullens - their willingness to sacrifice their lives for her - was she and the \\"son\\" they loved able to achieve all they wanted in the end. Although it's a story of true love at the highest level, it's also a story of true love of a family, and all a family can give to each of its members.     It's also a story, and a lesson, in working beyond your assumed nature. Here, you see vampires who have worked to be the best they can be, and through incredible self-sacrifice have lifted themselves to the level of something wonderful instead of something to be feared. To be people who work for the good of humanity instead of their destruction. Seen from their perspective, who don't burn in the sun but rather sparkle in the sun. Through suffering they have learned to lift themselves up from their inherently base nature to become what Bella saw all along - Guardian Angels. That maybe they weren't the worst of God's creatures, but instead, potentially the best.    And if that's not a good moral lesson, I don't know what is.
0783225547|5.0|I watched the Dantes Peak back in 2005 unfortunately the cd was stolen. so my happiness is renewed when i purchase another copy from Amazon. For those interested in Geography, Dantes Peak will keep you at horizon, I wonder no matter how much you watch the DAntes Peak, it calls for more watching.... it is is really wonderful.
B000QFAJ7S|5.0|\\"My December\\" is Kelly's best album to-date.  Her albums just keep getting better and better and I think they will just keep getting better as the years go.  She will definitely be around for years and years to come, and we can surely expect great things from her.  Not that we expect anything less.<br /><br />It is great that Kelly decided to stick up for herself and make the kind of record that she wanted to make, the kind of record that is her.  Every song on this record was written by Kelly and that just shows how incredibly talented she really is.  It is a huge relief that Kelly's album was finally released because with all the fuss over it, it seemed that the album would not be out at all.<br /><br />I bought this album the day it came out and I have listened to it non-stop and I never get tired of it.  The songs on this album are very emotional, and show a much more mature rock side of Kelly.  There is a lot of power, edge, and rawness in the songs, and some of the lyrics have that haunting quality to them as well.  A lot of people will be able to relate to her songs.<br /><br />Kelly's songs and lyrics are very inspiring in my opinion as they have inspired me to write some great lyrics of my own.<br /><br />Kelly's songs get you hooked and when you listen to them you feel like you are listening to something personal, like this album was made just for you.  It's that way with \\"Breakaway\\" and it's that way with \\"My December\\" too.<br /><br />If you haven't listened to this album yet, then you must have been living under a rock.  So get out there and give it a listen.  And once you do, you'll want to get your hands on it yourself.
6304078102|5.0|A really sensitive and human story about youth and high school orchestra music. I heartily recommend it.
0340933674|4.0|'this is for you'   very nice, to look at, as well as to read (excuse my english, is my second language) I bought it for myselve but it would be much nicer to give or to be given as a present to someone who's in love or desperately wants to be in love, so I guess allmost everybody.
B00000255F|5.0|In his ever expanding writing style to desribe the plight of the everday working man, his desparate need to create a hit record turns out one of the best albums of rock and roll and the best part is that you can hear his desparation through the singing. During the time of disco and progressive rock, it seemed as if rock would never be able to return to its roots, but Springsteen combined a big band sound or his own version of the 'wall of sound' with complex yet straight forward lyrics about escape for a better future. No better is this displayed than in the album opener, \\"Thunder Road,\\" which serves as an invitation to the listeners to escape with the singer and Mary on that \\"dusty beach road.\\"<br /><br />Every song on this album has its own niche. Clarence Clemons has his part on nearly every song that adds a certain amount of texture to each track. Roy Bittan's piano work is legendary especially for the song, \\"Jungleland,\\" perhaps the greatest story song ever told about living on the streets. The album does provide an escape for the listener to delve into the stories of gangs rumbling in the street and tales of love lost and found.
B000000WFZ|5.0|Morricone is simply brilliant, and it is never more obvious than here on The Mission.<br /><br />Derivative? Repetitive? Yes, and again, yes (see, that was derivative 'caused I stole from another review, and repetitive 'cause i answered... twice). But that's not only OK, it's almost required! And they told you, too, before you paid a penny! Go ahead, look- it's right there, hiding in plain sight. The rest of the class can wait quietly with their heads down on their desks.<br />Waiting...<br /><br />\\"Original Soundtrack From The Motion Picture\\"!!! Come on kids- it's a soundtrack from a film, and films are derivative, and repeat symbolism and, well, just come on! It's a soundtrack to a motion picture, and as such it is among the top soundtracks ever.<br /><br />Yes, and again, yes: it IS among the top soundtracks ever! Why? Simple- it does its job, and it does it well. Without its soundtrack \\"The Mission\\" wouldn't be nearly as great a film as it is; it amplifies the emotion and sentiment of each scene while acknowledging the environment and remembering the historical origins of the subject matter, and even seems to keep things moving along (in a film I've sometimes thought could have gone a bit long otherwise).<br /><br />More than anything else, though, the brilliance of this soundtrack strikes when you hear it years after last seeing \\"The Mission\\" and suddenly it hits like a flood- all the emotion, how overwhelming these men's obstacles were, how visually stunning the environment was and how graceful death can be... how horrific life can be...<br /><br />All these years later I hear \\"Gabriel's Oboe\\" and it just takes my breath away.<br /><br />It's a soundtrack to a motion picture, and as such it is nothing short of brilliance, and Morricone a genius.
6305882592|5.0|Harold and Maude is one of those movies which transcends the goals of ordinary movies which seek mostly to entertain. This film actually manages to become an indicator of human compatibility. If you like the movie, you will probably get along with me and anyone else that likes it.     To enjoy this movie you have to be able to laugh at difficult subjects like death. The conversion of a classic car into a pimped out hearse has to make you giggle a little. You can not be so judgmental that a little thing like a romantic relationship between the teenaged and the elderly shuts your mind off. You have to have a generally positive outlook on life. People with this grouping of characteristics seem to like others with these same traits.     Directed by the quirky Hal Ashby, this 1971 black comedy sets the tone perfectly in the beginning when a seemingly suicidal Harold (played by Bud Cort), hangs himself to the incongruous upbeat melody of a Cat Stevens song in full view of his mother. His mother (Vivian Pickle) reacts by casually telling him that dinner is ready.     Harold fills his days by inventing ways to try and shock his mother with fake suicide, attending funerals of people he does not know and sessions with his psychiatrist. It was while attending one of these funerals that he meets Maude (played by Ruth Gordon), a senior citizen, who lives life in a completely opposite manner than Harold. He is a young man obsessed with death and she is an old woman obsessed with life.    Maude's sense of freedom from possessions often materializes in her tendency to borrow other people's automobiles. She does not seem to even try to comprehend why anyone would mind. One of the funniest sequences in the movie occurs when she goes into the city to dig up a tree that is \\"sick from breathing all the smog\\". She puts it in the back of one of the trucks that she had unwittingly stolen and is chased by the police into the forest. She figures out a way to evade the police without even trying, which seems to be how she handles everything.     Maude's embrace of life starts to rub off on Harold even as his mother doggedly attempts to set him up on dates. Each new date is scared off by Harold's flamboyant suicide scenes. While his mother searches for the right woman for Harold, he thinks he has found her in Maude.     This absurdist take on boy meets girl may just be the most original attempt at a romantic comedy, but without Cat Stevens' soundtrack this movie might have fallen on its face. Stevens weaves scenes together with just the right mixture of irony and even a couple touching ballads.     This is not a film for everyone. If suicide is a sensitive topic for you, this film would be an hour and a half of cringes and frowns. Regardless, watching it is worth the risk. Like I said, this is not just about entertainment. This movie could forever be your friendship divining rod.
B000OY8NII|5.0|Love this quirky little program and the cast is just great...they blend very well....it is quite different from the run-of-the mill you usually see and I am very pleased!  I am collecting the series.  I also have Season Two. Colin Ferguson is just adorable!
B0018BB20W|5.0|This is an amazing masterpiece of progressive (or symphonic) rock -  whatever you choose. Well balanced, accomplished and ahead of time. Perhaps the best album of the genre - when the Beatles were shyly flirting with an orchestra (and their vocals still remain unconvincing), when John Lord desperately tried to bring together his group (Deep Purple[[ASIN:B000006Y3O Concerto For Group & Orchestra]]) and the orchestra - and still they didn't sound as one thing - and Procol Harum was getting ready to play with Edmonton Orchestra[[ASIN:B002GNYJJW Live in Concert with the Edmonton Symphony Orchestra]] - the Moody Blues did it - together with the London Festival Orchestra conducted by Peter Knight. And the year of the recording was 1967, although the album was released in 1968 on their new label \\"Deram\\" and became their first GOLD DISC (followed almost immediately by another two golds -[[ASIN:B0018LMZO4 On the Threshold of a Dream]][[ASIN:B0018BB21G In Search of the Lost Chord]]- all 3 are must have.  And still it remains the best example of symphonic rock, composed by rock-musicians. Superb, fantastic performance, mesmerizing vocal harmonies, incredible interplay of the band with an orchestra - a real feast. The first performance of \\"Nights In White Satin\\" is mind-blowing. One should keep in mind that the orchestrated passages were recorded separately and \\"stuck\\" to the band tracks, so in fact the band is not accompanied by the orchestra. But this is irrelevant - the final result counts. It is one of the top 100 albums of the century. Highly, highly recommended - buy it at least to know the highest standard<br />P.S. I would strongly recommend to listen to \\"The Aggregation\\" [[ASIN:B001CQH0PY Mind Odyssey]] - although released later (in 1969), this album by Los Angeles act was created under the influence of Moody Blues, but remains an absolutely genuine and powerful effort. Also try \\"David\\" - [[ASIN:B00005LVYG Another Day, Another Lifetime]]- to my humble opinion, few tracks  were the first decent respond to early \\"Moody Blues\\"were the first decent respond to early \\"Moody Blues\\"
031606792X|3.0|After reading Eclipse, which was my favorite in the series, I couldn't wait to get my hands on Breaking Dawn. I was almost afraid to read this final installment because I love the story's magic so much and didn't want it to be over. While I did appreciate the tying up of all the series' plotlines, I wound up feeling a little let down in the end.     Oddly enough, I began to miss the voice Meyer used to narrate Bella's human life...her days and nights of going to school and hashing out relationships full of drama and heartbreak. It was intense story-telling, and by contrast made the events of Breaking Dawn seem a little anticlimactic. It seemed to me that marriage and a baby, then immortality, immediately removed a lot of the intrigue of Bella's story that was central to the first 3 books.    Parts of this book were a little tedious to read through, but I appreciate the thorough accounting of a well-thought-out story. I can definitely see and appreciate the work that went into this saga and I did enjoy it very much as a whole. Meyer's world is so alluring, and up until the final book you can really almost believe that it could happen.     Sidebar: SO MANY TYPOS in these books...really obvious stuff...they must've been edited in a hurry!
B000063V8S|5.0|Just hated to see the season end, but at least I am moving on to the next in line.  The special effects and surround sound are outstanding!  No wonder people become \\"trekies\\".
B00006DEF9|4.0|'Singing in the Rain' from '52 is a much loved Hollywood musical that will find the majority of its audience in the over fifty crowd. Its story line deals with the earliest years of the motion picture industry when the painful transfer from silent movies to \\"talkies\\" was revolutionizing the world of entertainment, a time when the film industry was still trying to decipher the proper mix for the medium; action, adventure, romance, attractive women and handsome men? Not initially knowing for sure what the expectations of the audience were they simply threw in everything along with dancing, singing, extravagant stage numbers and a lot of \\"Old School\\" vaudeville routines.<br /><br />Recently viewing 'Singing in the Rain' on DVD now 56 years since it release I must admit that this homage to 'Old Hollywood' now seems so alien and remote in style and tenor when compared to modern day cinematic productions. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but I'm left to wonder whether the song and dance of the 40's and 50's can still capture an adoring audience of new, younger fans?  If you're fascinated by the Golden Years of Hollywood and the styles and fashions of the time, this is a great glimpse into the glitz and glamour of those early days. If you aren't then this may not be the film for you.
0061474347|4.0|\\"Lirael\\" is the sequel to \\"Sabriel\\" and serves as the second novel in Garth Nix's award-winning Abhorsen trilogy.    Lirael is a discontent girl who has come of age but has not received the gift of Sight, being able to see possible futures, as have all the other daughters of the Clayr by whom she is surrounded in their icy mountain fortress.  Abandoned by her mother and having no knowledge of her father's identity, she knows that she is different, but she is able to seek solace from her despair in her dangerous yet enlightening role as a librarian, preserving and protecting the ancient magical books and secrets hidden in the Clayr glacier.  The day comes, however, when she must leave the home of the Clayr and seek her own identity with only her trusted companion, the Disreputable Dog, by her side, for Lirael's destiny lies beyond the world of the Clayr.    \\"Lirael felt a shiver pass through her entire body as the old Clayr spoke.  Her voice carried so much conviction, Lirael could almost see the desolate ruins herself.  But how could the whole world be burnt and broken?\\"    As with \\"Sabriel,\\" though the main character is female, there are also well developed male characters introduced, particularly towards the middle to end of the story.  This fantasy series is packed with magic, danger, and adventure, and it develops a plot line in which the veil between life and death is much more malleable and less solid than it is in our ordinary everyday world.    After finishing \\"Sabriel,\\" I quickly read through the last two books in the Abhorsen series.  \\"Lirael\\" managed to build a momentum and tension that captured my interest more keenly than the first.  The story features a cliff-hanger ending that will entice readers to continue with the third in the series, \\"Abhorsen,\\" so I recommend purchasing both the second and third books at the same time, as one does seamlessly feed into the next.
0743454537|5.0|Sister's Keeper by Judi Picoult is an intense and deeply moving novel that keeps the reader interested from chapter to chapter.  This is a story about a thirteen year old girl named Anna Fitzgerald. Anna was conceived by en vitro fertilization.  She was created to save her sister Kate who was diagnosed with Leukemia.    Ever since Anna was born she has been donating her blood and organs to her sister to help her stay alive.  Then one day Anna is asked to donate a kidney to her sister and that is the straw that broke the camel's back.  She then goes to a lawyer named Campbell who has a Seeing Eye dog for what purpose he keeps a secret.  She explains the situation to him and tells him that she wants to be medically emancipated from her parents, Sarah and Brian.  Her dad Brian understands but her mom is absolutely furious upon hearing the news.  Anna gets a guardian ad litem, Julia.  Julia and her lawyer Campbell have a complicated history that is revealed throughout the novel.  The book reaches its climax during the novel when Sarah decides to be the lawyer for herself.  There is also a third child in the family named Jesse, who is the rebel child.  Jesse drinks and smokes but his parents are to wound up in Kate's illness that they do not pay much attention to him.  One memorable scene is when Campbell has a seizure in the court room, and we learn that he has an illness that causes him to have unexpected seizures.  This was a great book that showed the different sides and opinions of every major character in the story because each chapter is told from a different character's perspective. This book keeps the reader interested and never bored.  This is a mature book in some ways, so it is best for teenagers and above.  This book may only seem appealing to girls, but I think both girls and boys would enjoy this novel.
B001BPJJ82|4.0|So I just got 'The Fall' via Netflix. I had never heard of it before, and I don't know why, but thankfully the trailer came out on the Playstation Network. When I first watched it I was like, \\"What the F is this?\\" It's one of those acid trip kinda movies I guess.  Like 'Barron Munchausen' if you're familiar with that.<br /><br />It stars the guy from 'Pushing Dasies' and knowing that show, he seems perfect for this movie.  Apparently this movie has been out a while, but it just got released on Blu-ray this Tuesday, and it is one amazing Blu-ray movie.  Many of the visuals are very bold and beautiful, I guess you could say kinda like 'Across the Universe'.  I've barely watched the 1st quarter of the movie and I have no idea where the story is going, but it's like one of those movies where you don't even care what the story is, you just like watching it for what it is.  But I must say, the story setup and style is very, very similar to 'The Princess Bride'.<br /><br />BTW, I can't confirm if this is true, but I heard that there was no CGI used to create the effects for this movie.  I dunno because a few look a little fishy.  Like those monks on the stairs.  But maybe they just utilized some old school forms of trick photography, I'm not really sure???
0140067477|3.0|I gave this book 3 stars because it reads easily enough, there are some insightful moments, and because it is fairly enjoyable with the exchange between the author and Pooh bear.  But, this book is not recommended for anyone wanting to understand taoism.  Much of the book contains almost bitter western bashing, or the condemning of certain modes of life, which does not actually help to reinforce taoist concepts.  There are portions that read more like rants, even.
0061474339|4.0|\\"Abhorsen\\" is the final novel in Garth Nix's award-winning Abhorsen trilogy.  The first book is \\"Sabriel,\\" and the second in the series is \\"Lirael.\\"  This third novel follows closely on the heels of the second, picking up immediately where \\"Lirael\\" left off.  Though the first book stands on its own, the second and third in the series should really be read in conjunction with one another, as together they do combine to make one complete story time-line.    \\"Abhorsen\\" is the continuation of the quest of Lirael.  Though new to her inherited roles as as the Abhorsen-in-Waiting and as a Rembrancer, she is able to deftly walk the veil between life and death.  As with many science fiction and fantasy tales, she and her cohorts, Prince Sameth, the Disreputable Dog, and the sometimes dangerous Free Magic cat Mogget, must strive to save the world from impending doom.  In this case, they must stop the Destroyer Orannis, along with his necromancer, Dead, and Free Magic minions, before all life is swept from the face of the planet.    \\"In a very unsettling way, it reminded her of the river of Death.  But she did not feel they were in Death, and apart from the growing cold and the peripheral view of the river, all her senses told her that she was firmly in Life, though in a very strange tunnel, far underground.\\"    Nix's descriptions of the land of death are consistent throughout the series, creating a realm of magical realism that is believable and interesting, particularly as the final gateway is faced.  He manages to create characters that draw in the reader.  This skill holds true even for peripheral characters.  I found myself wishing to learn more about each person, while discovering enough to identify with each in some way and be personally invested in their outcome.    The trilogy is deftly wrapped up with \\"Abhorsen,\\" yet I still found myself wishing that the adventures could continue.  I look forward to reading more of Garth Nix's young adult fantasy novels in the future.
0061537934|5.0|I was recommended this book by my brother.  What an awesome story!  From Enzo's perspective of the world around him to car racing.  This is a must read!
B00168HARG|5.0|Just watched epsoide 1 & 2 And LOVING it! great story! Great effects! Great actors!     Blu Ray version... Great Picture! Great Sound!     Worth Every cent!!!!
B0000AYL17|5.0|Gaucho is one of those albums that continued to climb up the scale on my all time favorite albums the more I listened to it. It's certainly one of my favorite Steely Dan albums. Katy lied is my favorite, Gaucho is my second, Aja third, Royal Scam fouth, and the rest are about equal. I love them all.     But in terms of recording/playback quality - this is by far the best Steely Dan album because it's SACD. If you have an SACD player, (and darn it, it's a great sounding format that deserves to have been more successful), you probably care a lot about quality audio and you'll love this album.  I wish all of the Steely Dan albums were remastered in this format.
0061474355|4.0|\\"Sabriel\\" is the first installment in the award-winning Abhorsen trilogy by New York Times bestselling author Garth Nix.  Originally released in 1995, this reprint paperback edition published by HarperCollins hit the stores in April 2008.<br /><br />I can't believe that I hadn't discovered Garth Nix before now.  He has been prolific in the young adult and children's fantasy genre.  This particular young adult novel is dripping with magic, suspense, danger, and adventure on every page.<br /><br />Sabriel is a teenage girl who grew up while attending boarding school in Ancelstierre, the country on the side of the Wall where magic does not reign.  However, as she comes of age, she must return to the role predestined for her by birthright, thrusting her into the midst of magic and danger in the Old Kingdom.  She must quickly learn to walk the veil between life and death, in order to protect and preserve the land of the living from that of the dead.<br /><br />\\"Sabriel had to enter Death, albeit briefly, to call and converse with the guide. ... But who knew what might be lurking, watching, in the cold river beyond.<br /><br />Sabriel stood for a minute, shivering, listening, every sense concentrated, like some small animal that knows a predator hunts nearby.\\"<br /><br />Though the main character is female, there are also intriguing male characters interwoven throughout the plot, and I think that this series will also appeal to the male youth population.  The question is whether or not the story of transcending the lands of life and death might be appealing to individual readers.  According to the storyline, those who cross over from death can be dead creatures of various hierarchical standings, ranging from mindless zombies controlled by necromancers to independent and self-directed Greater Dead and Free Magic creatures.  Though I am not traditionally a fan of zombie-type stories myself, I admit that I found this layered structure of the dead and the magical fantasy realm described in the this story more captivating than I had anticipated.vating than I had anticipated.
B001AIRUOU|5.0|I have owned every version of this movie since it was released on VHS but this 2 Disc Collectors Edition far surpasses them!  We've all seen the movie so I won't review how great this classic is.  What I want to review is the Bonus Features on Disc 1.  They have a feature where Christopher Lee reads Tim Burton's original poem and they even did original animation for the story.  BUt the HIGHLIGHT of the Bonus Features is the part where you get to ride through Disneyland's Haunted Mansion (with complete Nightmare Before Christmas overlay).  The audio & video from the ride is crystal clear.  You can make out every detail of the ride.  But wait!  There's more!  After you experience the ride, you can go behind the scenes and learn more about what went into the making of the ride.  Did you know that every year there is a different Haunted Gingerbread Mansion placed in the Dining Hall?  Neither did I.  Disc 2 contains the same Bonus Features that were on the previous version of the DVD.  One more thing, when I opened the box, there was a $10 rebate inside for those of us who had the previous DVD.  All I can say is that Haunted Mansion overlay feature paid for itself.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!
B000PFU7OO|5.0|Unexpected, brilliant, and always something different than you'd expect. Loved this without planning to even like it, as I don't like \\"musicals,\\" but in this case the word doesn't apply. It's full of music, it's about music, but it is not a musical.
0307455378|4.0|En [[ASIN:0974872407 La Sombra del viento]] (SDV), Carlos Ruiz Zafón compartió su amor de los libros con nosotros, los lectores.  En «El juego del ángel», comparte su amor compañero del arte de escribir.  Nos presenta a David Martín, un joven que escribe noticias cortas para un periódico de poca fama.  Al rato David tiene la oportunidad de escribir un cuento - en episodios - para el periódico.  Así comienza su carrera de escritor.  Unos años después David conoce a un editor misterioso que le ofrece la oportunidad de escribir un libro especial en cambio de una cantidad absurda de dinero.    Zafón capta la atención como antes; jamás he leído un libro en español tan rápido.  Hay un misterio central, el amor inalcanzable, una casa con un secreto, varios personajes misteriosos, y - como siempre - una pasión para la literatura.  Este libro está más oscuro que SDV: más asesinatos y más maldiciones.  Además, David es menos simpático que el carácter principal de SDV (aún durante la época difícil de aquél).  Pero le llegamos a apreciar.    Vemos a algunos amigos del otro libro (aunque no se releva la relación exacta hasta el fin del libro), y Zafón continua la demostración de su otra pasión (además de la con la literatura): ¡Barcelona!  La gran debilidad es que se acaba de una forma sumamente abrupta.  Cuando llegué a las últimas diez páginas, no pude imagine cómo se iba a resolver todo en diez páginas.  Pensé lo mismo cuando faltaban cinco páginas.  Dos de los misterios centrales se resuelven en las últimas dos páginas.     Dicho eso, estoy enamorado de la forma en que Zafón teje un tapiz intrincado de un cuento.  No solo habla de su amor a la literatura y al escribir sino también los demuestra por su ejemplo.
B000ZLFALI|4.0|The Beatles were my thing when I was a teenager.  But it wasn't about screaming and fainting and writing \\"I love Paul\\" on my denim notebook.  I was in love with the music.  The melodies went deep into my soul which wasn't made of rubber.  The lyrics were SOOOO COOOL.  I couldn't get enough!  My parents thought they were straight from hell and anyone listening to them was joining \\"those guys with the hair\\" in the handbasket.  So I confess I've kept most of my passion for the Fab 4 tucked away in that secret place...until now.     If any of this makes sense to you, then you are going to LOVE \\"Across the Universe.\\"  Julie Taymor directs this uniquely crafted story album of the favorite and familiar filtered through her vivid, and somewhat eccentric imagination.  The story line is woven through the fun and pain of the fabulous '60's.  Her cast is perfect.  Everyone fits in looks and voice. Jude won't let you down and Lucy is in the sky with diamonds. Jo Jo is the embodiment of Hendrix and Janice Joplin has been reincarnated in a girl named Sadie.  Prudence plays for the other team.  If you're a Boomer, you will remember the angst of the Viet Nam war (which plays heavily in the tale) and feel \\"at home.\\"  If you're not, \\"Universe\\" has enough edge and effects to keep you satisfied.  It's beautiful to look at and wonderful to watch.  And Bono IS the Walrus: coo coo cachoo!      I bought the sound track also...my collection of Beatles music wouldn't be complete without this rendition.      So, get the movie, get your honey, make some popcorn, get some cherry coke, climb in the backseat of your mini-van and turn on the DVD.  You'll feel like you're 16 again...\\"close your eyes and I'll kiss you\\"...
B0019FOC5E|5.0|Mamma Mia is fantastic. I have seen the movie twice already. It really is a feel good movie. I love the soundtrack and think that Meryl Streep,Amanda Seyfried and Christine Baranski all do justice to the Abba songs as well as the rest of the cast. Amanda I think could make it in the music business as i love her voice;-) I recommend this album to anyone!!!
031606792X|2.0|I'm only writing this review because of the dozens of reviews I've read, this issue has not been addressed.    First of all, this review is going to be littered with spoilers, but that can't be helped.  I've assumed that if you wanted to read the book you would have already read it.    The more reviews I read, the more angry I became.  The straw the broke the camel's back was one reviewer writing that this book was better than Pride and Prejudice.  I kid you not.   Here is a quote from her review:    \\"3) Last of all, it's better than Pride and Prejudice (though it comes close). The characters in Pride and Prejudice just aren't vivid enough for someone to really empathize. The plot is excellent, the obstacles against Lizzy and Darcy are good, but when you finish, you aren't really still in their heads. In Twilight, you really experience the characters' issues, and in the end, you truly are hoping for Bella's and Edward's happy ending to happen, because you just feel so sorry for what they've been put through.\\"    She is delusional.  She had also written that the love story between Bella and Edward was better than Romeo and Juliet because they were thirteen and apparently 17-year-olds can endure love much better than 13-year-olds can.  All this, and she hasn't even read Breaking Dawn.    I had many issues with this book and my biggest issue being Stephanie Meyer trying to implement genetic reasoning.  Humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes, werewolves (or shape-shifters) have 24 pairs of chromosomes, and vampires have 25 pairs of chromosomes.  So somehow, during the transformation process humans just gain two extra pairs of chromosomes and become vampires.  Also, shape-shifters have evolved and formed an extra pair of chromosomes, including a gene that transforms them into wolves.  Wow!  That sounds like X-Men.  Meyer really should have stuck with the werewolf theory.     Renesmee would be completely sterile (sorry Jacob).  If by some miracle she wasn't spontaneously miscarried because of mismatching chromosomal numbers; her own body wouldn't be able to produce eggs.  It's the same theory of horses and donkey's mating to produce sterile mules.  Obviously, I know the premise of Twilight is fantasy and therefore, Stephenie Meyer can twist around reality to explain the paranormal, but it's not even done consistently and she often contradicts herself.    Even if the chromosomal abnormalities didn't bother you because you're not into genetics like I am, I want to argue my second issue.  On Meyer's website, she said that she specifically said that female vampires cannot bear children because \\"their bodies no longer change in any aspect.\\"  She then goes on this long rant about how male vampire venom can act like seminal fluids passing genetic information to a human female ovum.      Ack!  Does anyone else not realize the blatant contradiction she just made?  In order for males to make seminal fluids that carry genetic information (sperm), cells in their body must divide by means of meiosis.  One cell, turns into four cells each carrying half of the genetic material.  Male humans don't contain an infinite amount of sperm.  Once they reach puberty, they can produce sperm on a continuous basis, but if their bodies \\"no longer change in any aspect\\" because they become vampires, the sperm they have when they become a vampire is the only supply they'll have for the rest of their life.    So for 80-plus years, 17-year-old Edward kept himself from expelling his sperm (which is highly unlikely).  This is the only way that it is possible for Edward to impregnate Bella during their first sexual encounter.  Now, had Meyer left it like this, I would be more inclined to leave it be.  However, she doesn't.  The Amazonian vampire, who is running around knocking up humans left and right doesn't seem to have any problem producing sperm.  Which means his body isn't under arrest, which ultimately means CONTRADICTION.    I don't see the love story.  I see a lust story - Everything from Edward being lustfully attracted to Bella's scent to Bella's emergence as a nymphomaniac.  On that note, why is it that Bella never remembers having sex with Edward as a human?  What grand delusion is she experiencing if she's missing Edward ripping open pillows and breaking headboards?
1881273628|5.0|This book is Fantastic!  My husband and I have always had a great marriage, but this took it to a whole new level.  It should be given to every couple when they apply for a marriage license!
B0012Q732O|1.0|I'm not going to talk about the ridiculous dearth of historical inaccuracies in this movie.  That's basically what drew me to it in the first place.  \\"A movie where cavemen fight egyptians, dinosaurs, sabre-tooth tigers, wooly mammoths, and (fingers crossed) possibly robots?  Sign me up!\\"  It looked fun.  Then I realized it was directed by Roland Emmerich, the genius behind such classic travesties such as Independence Day and The Day After Tomorrow.  Still, I remained undeterred.  CAVEMEN!  DINOSAURS!  Finally untethered from the shackles of fact, they were going to do glorious battle!  How can you possibly mess that up?  That's a question only Mr. Emmerich can answer, because he messed it up like a professional disaster.  In the end, the movie was too long and ACTUALLY BORING.  When you have no real intentions on making a quality movie about real characters, please don't spend time trying to developing.  That's like planting a rock in a ground and watering it and telling people it's going to grow into a beautiful tree.    As he loves to make disaster movies, perhaps next time ol' Rolie should make a movie about the making of any of his films.
B000QRIGLC|2.0|I came away from reading this book totally impressed with the toughness and commitment of the SEALs, including the author, who kept going when the vast majority of us would have rolled over and died.    That said, I was extremely disappointed that the narrative revealed a lack of capacity for higher order thinking that I had always believed was one of the things that distinguished operators from other members of the armed forces.  These guys didn't speak the language, didn't know the local culture, and didn't know when to pull the plug on an operation that had very likely been blown.  The author fails to acknowledge that after being discovered by three goat herders - who seemed likely to give their position away to the large Taliban force in the area - and finding their radio did not work, it was a huge mistake to resume the mission and not even try to use the cell phone or distress beacon that they had.  Didn't they have an emergency rendezvous point?  Perhaps this is why the team leader, unlike everyone else in the team, was not awarded the Navy Cross?    Perhaps more troubling than the author's unwillingness to acknowledge tactical failures is his complete lack of a moral compass.  His idea of acknowledging a mistake is to argue that they should have killed the three unarmed goat herders - one of whom was a child - and thrown their bodies off a cliff.  Soliciting the opinion of one of his teammates on the question, the guy responds to the effect I don't care, I'll kill them if you want, just tell me what to do.  On the one hand, the author doesn't see any problem with this, and rails against restrictions on his activities imposed by the Geneva Convention and rules of engagement (which are promulgated by the DOD, not the Congress, as the author would have us believe), and on the other he demonizes the Taliban, who twice after the firefight could have killed him and didn't based on ancient principles of their culture.  It all makes the operators seem like mindless(albeit highly trained) tools, although I remain hopeful that the author is not representative.    Finally, the book is permeated through and through with a simplistic FOX news political philosophy.  The author wraps himself in the flag and the pages of the Bible.  Apparently, God wanted him to live, as he claims, but He wanted to kill his teammates?    I can only hope that the ghost writer is primarily responsible for all the nonsense we have to wade through to get to the essential story, which is totally gripping.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|Loved the ABBA music when it first became popular.  Love the movie using ABBA music.  Excellent soundtrack CD for music lovers.
B0002TJGQS|4.0|Looked good to me.<br />2012 date on them.<br />Good price.<br />Worked good in my little \\"hat lite\\".<br />Shipping is more than the batteries.<br />Will look around for lower shipping next time.
B00005JPS8|5.0|I HAVE BEEN A FAN OF SHELL HEADS FOR A LONG TIME. I am glad to to see it done almost right. It is a good rendition,of the character. All the actors & actresses did a excellent job. Timing was very important, they held up good considering a few weak moments but, over all a very good job. When I say I am A fan of shellheads, I have been reading the series since 1964. Big  fan of Tales of supsense, also. I hope they do Just as good a job on Thor as well. Any way get the movie even if it doesn't come out on full screen. Which would be even better on the plasma!!  Grade A movie.
B00004VVND|4.0|This is a nifty little thriller. I enjoy it every time I see it. But, how come no Special Edition DVD? Richard Benjamin, James Brolin and Michael Crichton are all still alive and kicking. I'd love to hear what they have to say about the making of and all that. How about it?
0312330537|5.0|This book really captured me. Implausible in part, fantastic in part, absolutely grotty-real in part -- one has the sense that the writer poured a combo of his experiences/research/anecdotal stuff into a BIG pot and stirred well. It ends up in a mildly predictably fashion, but then... it's a novel! A very engaging book.
B0016OOM7Q|3.0|..she didn't delete the woeful Spanish Lesson, the repulsive 4 minutes and the bitchy She's Not Me and put the brilliant outtake Ring My Bell on instead while expanding the remainder. Instead of being a leader, Madonna has become a follower. There's classic Madonna here no doubt about it but after the devilish brilliance of Confessions on A Dancefloor, Hard Candy is something of a disappointment. I think Madonna has stopped planning tracks for the ear and instead delivers what will sound great live as is evident with the crowpleaser Give It 2 Me. Since I'm down here in Australia, I guess I'll never enjoy the full impact of her master plan. Hope she shelves those 2 Timtwits for her next outing.
0321334876|5.0|You have read some newbie book like 'Thinking in C++' (as I did) or 'The C++ programming language', and wonder where to go next? 'Effective C++' book is your next step. Each item is a new world you might not know yet.    I'm glad I purchased this book in paper. After reading 1/3 of it I already knew that the book is worth all the time I would spend on it, so I purchased the other 2 books - 'More effective C++' and 'Effective C++' books by Scott Meyers immediatly.
B0008ENICU|5.0|A fun Reno divorce movie. In the scenes on the Reno divorce ranch, the women portrayed in the movie could have been any of the guests who stayed at the Flying M E divorce ranch where I worked in the 1940s.<br /><br />Another fun Reno divorce movie is CHARLIE CHAN IN RENO. [[ASIN:B000YDMPCO Charlie Chan Collection, Vol. 4 (Charlie Chan in Honolulu / Charlie Chan in Reno / Charlie Chan at Treasure Island / City in Darkness) (4DVD)]]<br /><br />-William L. McGee, Former 1940s Nevada dude wrangler on the famous Flying M E divorce ranch and Author of [[ASIN:0970167814 \\"The Divorce Seekers: A Photo Memoir of a Nevada Dude Wrangler\\"]]
B0017MO10U|5.0|I purchased this as a gift for my son who has the whole series. He was delighted. Great gift choice!!
B00005R23S|5.0|This DVD has it all--great music, high energy performances, after viewind it one realizes why Springsteen is such an icon, he has earned the title! The bond he shares with the E Street Band is evident in this show, they work so well together blending music with humor and the joy of just being together! I was very pleased by this DVD, its just a rockin' good time for all.
0446677450|2.0|RK's Rich Dad Poor Dad was a real eye-opener for me when I first read it.  Upon initially reading the book, I thought it was pure genius.  Skimming the book a decade later, I now realize what a joke much of this book is.  At the risk of confusing this book with his others, RK condemns \\"speculators\\" while then proceeding to brag about his options and short sell maneuvers, and gold speculation (none of which would constitute \\"investing\\" by RK's own standards).  He brags about hedge funds available to \\"the rich\\" who are sophisticated enough to understand them, but not to the unsophisticated poor and middle class (btw, I haven't seen any WSJ articles lately about poor and middle class folks suing hedge funds for being misled).  During the initial real estate downturn, he talked about how so-called \\"sophisticated\\" investors have endless opportunities in markets like Phoenix, where he bragged about being heavily invested.  I wonder if he's still boastful about those Phoenix investments now that the Phoenix real estate market has dropped nearly a quarter.  He calls people who invest for capital gains speculators, while turning around and patting himself and other \\"rich\\" investors for re-investing dividends into their portfolios so that the principle can grow (which is arguably the same thing, if not worse because you have to pay taxes on the dividends whereas you wouldn't on unrealized capital gains).      Finally, and what turns me off the most about RK, is that he has the audacity to encourage people to have the creativity and optimism to take chances, and then call those people suckers, or \\"the poor,\\" etc, on Larry King Live when discussing the real estate market fallout, and the resulting endless opportunities available for \\"the rich\\" like himself.  In my opinion, today's market woes are the result, at least in part, of too many people having listened to RK's advice (and those like RK) and taking speculative risks in the real estate market like he allegedly has.      The fact is, RK is a wonderful salesman - he sells his books.  Follow his model of optimism and creativity if you like.  However, if you want advice on actual investing, stick to the advice of \\"level 4 investors\\" like Warren Buffett (RK's own words in Cashflow Quadrant), and leave the advise of \\"level 5 capitalists\\" like RK for others to heed.
B001FW58D6|4.0|Show has great visuals, good story line. I hope that all is not connected to older Bishop and his forty year old experiments. They need stand alone independant cases not related to him, that he helps solve.
006135323X|1.0|Disappointing in a big way.  Very shallow.  I am also disappointed in myself:  though the hype train rolled for only a short time, I leapt on it.  Shame on you NPR for implying there was heft to this trite brochure fluffed out into a book.
B000OYC7A8|5.0|ALOHA...I HAVE TO AGREE WITH ALL THE 5 STAR RATINGS!! DAVID STILL ROCKS WITH THE BEST OF THEM,,ESPECIALLY 'ECHOS'!! WOULD RECOMMEND TO ALL FANS!! AND THOSE GIVING IT 1 STAR..GET OVER IT!! ROGER WATERS IS GONE..GOOD LUCK TO HIM..BUT DAVIDS VOICE IS STILL THE BEST!!  MAHALO
B001EN71DG|1.0|Here we are, its 2008...the \\"Home Movie\\" world goes through yet another revolution with (former)HDDVD and the now state of the art Blu Ray Disc. Lucasfilm & Fox Executives (I presume) ironically and typically choose to sucker in the public with another box set of the same movies in the SAME FORMAT!! (Nothing New There...Get a load of this)   Its 1997-98. DVD's take the world by storm, Lucasfilm releases the Souped up Special Editions on Lazerdisc [which i bought]. It takes them 6 long years to finally release a box set of the original trilogy in 2004 [which I bought], by which time fans are salivating for the films in a decent new format. The Original Trilogy Fans forced to buy the souped up Special Editions for lack of anything else to buy. Staunch promises were made by the studio about the \\"un-souped up\\" Original trilogy never making it on any format ever again, only to be broken yet again in 2006 with the release of the limited edition original and special edition combo [which I bought...yet again]....and now THIS!!  What is the POINT???  Prediction: The Star Wars Trilogy will make it to Blu Ray Disc no less than 5 years from now...and were all going to get suckered into this racket of the Original vs Special Edition yet again!! As far as the films go...I'd give them more than 5 stars if I could (even the special editions) but this strategy is beyond ridiculous for a consumer. So here is a ONE
B000RZGIQ8|5.0|Read this review knowing that this is one of my all-time favorite movies. Yes, that's right, I would go outside (age 8), jump on my bike, and take off dreaming of flying those beautiful F-15's. I probably watched it 20 times a years during Jr. High and High School. I have been anticipating this blu-ray release ever since I heard rumor of it's pending release. Althought typical of most 80's HD movies, this one is absolutely beautiful. Is it the best blu-ray for picture and audio? No way. But if you want a quality movie, that's very fun, and in high-def... Get it. You want be dissapointed.
B001ECQ6YW|5.0|Both of my children loved this movie.  Beautiful scenery, great soundtrack.  My children thought it was great, funny, not at all scary.  I went to see it with them, only because they wanted to see it.  I will buy it when it comes out, because I loved it.
B00005JL96|5.0|After many lackluster Disney films(Pocahontas,The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Hercules,Mulan, The Emperor's New Groove,and  Atlantis: The Lost Empire), they are back with a great one. One of their Best!
B0009UC7H0|3.0|Not fully engaging, but pleasant to watch. Alot of sunshine in this film. Great locations, passable but not inspiring direction, likeable but watered-down characters, action is OK, not particularly thrilling. Thought this film would suck, got it on a whim at Megalo-Mart for $[...]. Light-weight, but still enjoyed it, will watch again someday. Good for a stay at home date when it's freezing outside and you want to curl up with your sweetie.
0060977493|5.0|Reading this novel is akin to being reborn- as a snake eases out of its present coil and strips down to a more essential skin, so too will this violated madonna of lyricism attune you to the fundamentals of what it is to be human.  This book strips away the veneer of polite society and illumes the central questions of humanity: why do we hate, love who we love and live as we do?  At the end of this pulsating, haunting and all-seeing unveiling, I asked myself the overarching question that is central to each of our daily existence: why do I breathe?    This book has been mischaracterized as magic realism in the notes below.  While people are entitled to call it whatever they want, if you want to revert to widely accepted definitions of the style, it isn't, not at all.  And therein lies its power: there is no supernatural realm, no genius ghost, no divine intervention.  This is us.  Really, this is what we are.  How can we address that which we carry within ourselves, escaping even our utterest exhaled breath?  No matter how deep the sugared sighs of humankind, there is something so appalling that lurks in the human psyche that generally goes unacknowledged, and most people live it on a daily basis.  This is one of the few works that can even hope to awake the quixotic part of us, that laments what we are, and gives hope that the reader's empathy will incite something better.  This book turns the staid precepts of our world upside down: violation becomes salvation and successfully brings us to the searing understanding where the sickening is natural and right, because time honoured social convention fosters the blinding nightmare.    Only three writers have severely affected my ability to see the page in my life.  I cried for Estha and Rahel, for two people who no one could ever understand except each other.  I cried because to my knowledge this is the best book ever written on the caste system, and what it says about every single one of us.  This is not just a book about India.  It is a vast commentary on humanity, and most of all on love- that over-invoked, roughly used, oft bedraggled, and disregarded commodity.    The God of Small Things runs fingers of of feeling over your spine with its rivers of lyricism.  It is fresh, insightful and sparkling- one of the great books of our time.  There is no other work like it out there.  Read it and see.
B00006JL1Z|5.0|This is a great collection of the Buckingham-Nicks Fleetwood Mac era!!! 36 great songs!!! Almost all of the great stuff from that period is HERE!!! The only true ommissions here seems to be with Warm Ways,Blue Letter and the studio versions of I'm So Afraid and Big Love(they are presented in live versions from The Dance)but thats a very small quibble,pretty much all the great stuff is here,like I sais before!!! And the remastered sound is awesome courtey of pros Bill Inglot and Dan Hersch!!! A great collection of songs from 1975-97!!! Two thumbs up!!! A+
B00008J2PG|5.0|The interplay between Gregory Peck (\\"The Scarlet\\" -Msgr. O'Flaherty) and Christopher   Plummer (\\"The Black\\" -Nazi Commandant of Rome) is as complex as it is artfully   played. They are both protagonist and antagonist with each other shining through in   this true-to-life story.  Since purchasing this DVD from Amazon, I have watched it   several times enjoying it fully each time.  Both actors are masterful in their parts as   they portray this incredible interaction between \\"good and evil\\".
031606792X|5.0|I loved Breaking Dawn, Stephenie meyer really got into it hard!  I just could not stop reading till i finished...    Its fully worth it reading Twilight saga, you just cant get over it!
0671027344|4.0|This was the first book I read because I wanted to. Not because some english teacher said I had to. A man I work with's daughter was given this book by her school as an assignment and told to read it over the summer. The mother of this girl evidently was reading it and the parents were not happy about their daughter reading this book. They said it was too detailed for their 17 year old daughter. So I looked it up on the internet and bought it to read myself.   I think it did it's job as a book. It left me wanting to know more about the boy and at times I couldn't put it down. I laughed out loud yet cried at times. I found myself worrying about him and I really became attached to him. I felt as if I knew him personally. However I do think it is a little too detailed at times for younger readers. Overall I like this book and am glad I read it.  Now I want to read more books!
B00000634L|5.0|I own over 1,000 albums, probably more like 1,500 by now and this is still one of my top 3. The other two are from Spearhead and Midnight Oil in case that helps : )
0743454537|5.0|I very much enjoyed this book.  It was thought provoking and gripping.  I was captivated by the charecters.  I was also surprised that I was sucked in right away and couldn't seem to put it down.  When I wasnt able to read the book, I would constanly go over in my mind what was happening with the charecters and question my self as to what I would do in that situtation.  I recommend reading this book very highly.
0399226907|5.0|I ordered this book to use for a Project Linus Book and Blanket Challenge. Some child that has had a trama in their life with appreciate the book and homemade quilt. Project Linus is a wonderful organization and all who participate should be congratulated.
0385340990|3.0|I tried reading the pre-release of this to review for Amazon but could not get past all the characters in the beginning... the first 50 pages introduced so many to keep straight that I just didn't have the energy or care to... so I didn't give it a good recommendation.<br /><br />Now, one year later I picked it up again and stayed with it, finding it immensely enjoyable.  Our book club selected it for our book of the month and so I was forced to give it another try and I'm glad I did. The characters are great, the dialogue is wonderful.<br /><br />Now I understand all those good reviews, but sometimes you just have to be in a mood for this type of book, and keeping track of letters and dates and characters requires effort when you want escapism from reading.
B00005RHGK|5.0|When I first got this movie for Christmas four years ago, I liked it even better than when I first saw it on TV.  What really sucks is that some of the special features on this DVD aren't on here.
B0013FSL3E|2.0|Let's face it.... Pixar is great. They have come up with some of the most innovative ideas for movies in the last ten plus years. Some of their hits have been absolute masterpieces, Toy Story, Monsters.Inc and The Incredibles just to name a few. The problem with their last few movies, Walle and Ratatoille especially is that while they are innovative, the graphics are beautiful, the story line and plot are unique and interesting THEY ARE NO LONGER FUN.     I found it a little insulting in Walle to see all the humans who are all fat and lazy and depend on the robots to do everything for them. Heck they couldn't even walk.... that is insulting.     I thought the movie was okay but way to preachy but my main complaint is the fun. You know a kids movie is a little dull when all the kids in the audience, including mine, are asking \\"when is this thing ever going to be over....\\" That question shows that Pixar is concentrating so much on being artsy that they have forgotten how to make their movies fun.
B001CXW8CW|5.0|This is one of the best Batman movies ever.  Heath Ledger played a more violent Joker, too bad it was his last movie.  In my opinion, Jack Nicholson played a better Joker.
B0017MO10U|5.0|This story brings back the glory and intrigue that lured me to Stargate fandom in the first place. The witty return of Richard Dean Anderson as General Jack O'Neill will be enough to get the stalwart fans in a frenzy. But this story is much more than just a patch to ease the SG-1 fanatic's withdrawals since the series end. We are revisited by the die-hard Gua'ould system lord Ba'al, who is facing execution. But a crafty story woven through the fabric of time throws the entire existence of the SGC and the stargate program out of whack. All of the key players from the series run make their cameos, including an appearance by the late Don S. Davis as General Hammond (God rest his soul). This is a small screen spectacle that could have easily blazed across the silver screen. And the rumors are already circulating as of early September 2008 that pleasing DVD sales have spurred a third SG-1 adventure...with a rumored script already in the works. Whether you are a serious fan or just a fan of good adventure and Sci-Fi fare that is smart instead of campy, you will love this movie!
B00005JPS8|5.0|I am a fan of Marvel and DC comics.  I never thought Robert Downey, Jr. as a superhero, but he sure did play a good Iron Man.  This comic book movie is one of the best superhero movies of the year, the best is The Dark Knight, but still I give it my highest rating.  For the sequel please put Mandarin in.
031606792X|5.0|Breaking Dawn took an unpredictable twist I didn't think of and I like that. It also tied up Jacob's story which was gravely needed.
B001DHXT2A|5.0|Better than the other Hulk movie, not to mention a better cast.  It also stayed true to the comic
B000VPUIA6|2.0|First of all two things:<br /><br />1. What is it with Amazon publishing reviews that do not belong to the item in the page? I mean, I can understand they might be similar items (DVD or VHS version) but if I am looking for the deluxe edition none of the reviews have any info about it.<br />2. I have been a big fan of the Beatles since I was a kid and I listened to my dad's albums and watched VHS copies of the movies with him. I just thought I'd clarify that before explaining why I gave 2 stars to this item.<br /><br />When originally released I really wanted to get this edition, unfortunately the list price of over a hundred dollars was just too much for me, so I had to go and buy the regular `Help' DVD edition. Last week this was being sold at the Gold Box deal of the day for $29, needless to say I didn't think twice and got it. As the title of my review says, what really made me happy about getting this is the price I paid, as the edition does not live up to the expectations and to me, it is simply not worth the hundred dollars this costs on regular price.<br /><br />The DVD<br /><br />With so many reviews from the DVD edition already here I have little to add, the remastered version looks great (better than the first DVD edition released), sound is incredible (I really regret a remastered soundtrack was not released as they did with the \\"Yellow submarine songtrack\\") and the extras are excellent, lots of interviews and data directly from the people involved in making this classic film. Many people consider this movie to be not as good as \\"A hard day's night\\" but I beg to differ, the classic British humor and charisma of the fab four make this film an enjoyable experience. When I got it I had my wife watch it for her first time and she loved it, the movie and the songs are timeless.<br /><br />The Deluxe Edition<br /><br />The Deluxe edition even though it contains the same two discs from the regular DVD edition has a different presentation for them.<br /><br />The box opens from one side (as shown in the picture of the product) and the box inside contains the book with pictures from the movie, and a copy (literally a copy) of the script of the film with hand written notations by Richard Lester.<br /><br />The cover on the book has the two discs inside attached to the inside of the front cover, the little circle plastics holding it are cheaply glued and (at least with my copy) they easily detach, so it is definitely not a good place to keep the discs as if they fall they can end up stained with glue or scratched by being rubbed with one another. The book has indeed pictures from the film in a nice quality paper, some pictures from some deleted scenes but unfortunately is too short, in other words, content may not be as complete as you would expect. There is an envelope (with pictures printed in it) attached to the book that contains the folded poster of the movie, it is supposed to be a replica of the original poster so this is something collectors will want to frame. In the inside of the back cover there is another place where the 8 lobby cards are attached, these are great replicas and they have that look of old (B&W pictures hand painted to promoted the film)<br /><br />The copy of the script is printed in a lesser quality paper, they are color copies so even though is white paper printed with black ink you will see hand written notes with blue/red pen from the director. It is interesting to read those as you will have a look at how it was scripted and what was changed. The way it looks in the picture is the way you get it, no hard cover but a carton one.<br /><br />Bottom-line, had I paid over a hundred dollars for this I would have been very mad. Extras in the so called \\"Deluxe\\" edition are not deluxe for me, for what you actually get I truly believe this item is seriously overpriced and a rip-off to Beatle fans willing to pay the regular price for it. If you are getting this, you better wait until Amazon drops the pricein the future. I paid $29 dollars for it and I don't think of it as a nice deal, that's what this should have cost in the first place. A better case for the DVDs and other extras may have been what this edition needed to be truly called Deluxe.<br /><br />Hope this information helps whoever thinking of buying this item.in the future. I paid $29 dollars for it and I don't think of it as a nice deal, that's what this should have cost in the first place. A better case for the DVDs and other extras may have been what this edition needed to be truly called Deluxe.<br /><br />Hope this information helps whoever thinking of buying this item.
0321525655|5.0|this is truly a great book. Very inspiring. Most presentations today are boring, uninspiring, not to the point. This book truly motivates you to focus on the parts that matter in your presentation, the points that you want to get across. Concise book with good pictures, graphs etc. I also recommend Garr's blog [...] - that's how I became aware of the book in the first place. Definitely worth the read!
B000AP04MO|5.0|My god this movie is so touching and romantic. It is perhaps the only movie that I cried since Titanic. The best performance from Audrey Hepburn and my most favorite movie after Sabrina and My Fair Lady.   I was surprise when watching this movie because it is not the typical Audrey Hepburn movie (you know what I mean). And I seriously think it is hilarious when Audrey actually cussed in the movie- twice! haha. Not at all R-rated but hella funny.  Nevertheless, the movie leaves me bittersweet feeling and taught me that even though love is tough and it is possible that one day you and your partner are no longer interested in each other, it is the most wonderful gift to have love and be loved once in your life.   The ending is somewhat on the positive side. Making me cry so much when she say I'm back, I'm back, Mark.  The story is quite confusing at first because of so many intertwine story about their stages of relationship; however, it is easily recognize and differentiate with Audrey's hair and clothing style.  Great Movie. Love the story and ending. A+
B000VBJEEG|5.0|Charming movie, once you get over the fact that there's a rat in the kitchen. Having an interest in food, also helps.
B00005JOA0|3.0|\\"The Tenant of Wildfell Hall,\\" a feature-length 1996 television costume drama produced by the British Broadcasting Corporation, was seen here on broadcast TV in 1997.  It was based upon the little-known book of the same name, published in 1848, by the Victorian-era British author Anne Bronte.  She is the least-known of the three famous Bronte sisters, all of whom specialized in moody works set on England's scenic moors, upon which they were raised.  Emily Bronte, of course, gave us  [[ASIN:1593081286 Wuthering Heights ]]; Charlotte,[[ASIN:B001Q3LSXI Jane Eyre]]. And some of us probably can't help thinking that were Anne not a Bronte, this work would neither have survived, nor have been adapted for television, as it's rather heavy going.<br /><br />It concerns Helen Huntingdon, in flight from an alcoholic, brutal, but wealthy and high-status husband, Arthur Huntington.  She has taken her young son Arthur, and taken up residence, as the dour and mysterious Mrs. Helen Graham, in a rundown Hall on the moors.  It's not long before a handsome young yeoman farmer of the vicinity, Gilbert Markham, takes an interest in her, and her son.  It's also not long before malicious gossip about her begins to circulate around the isolated village to which she has moved.<br /><br />Much of the movie is set on the moors, and it has received the typical lush BBC treatment in the matters of location shooting, costumes, set decoration, carriages, etc.  Unfortunately, while the camera whirls around and around, it doesn't succeed in making the production any less static.  Mind you, I see where some other reviewers have complained about gratuitous scenes of sex and violence thrown in; but some of us may find them a bit of a relief.  And the frequent flashbacks can be a major source of confusion.<br /><br />Furthermore, let's be perfectly clear about this: the underlying 1848 book was an important early proto-feminist document.  I've not read it for many a year, but its filmed treatment lays out mercilessly the frustrating, restricted lives of women at that time, ranging from suffering under benign domestic tyranny, to their extreme difficulties in making independent livings, or living independently, to the fact that, upon marriage, a woman, her money, and any children she might have, became the property of her husband.  On those grounds, book, and any treatment thereof deserve respect.  But surely not affection.<br /><br />Tara Fitzgerald ([[ASIN:B001GTXZOM Waking the Dead]]); stars as Helen: she's a beautiful woman, high of cheekbone; her beauty survives even a possibly historically accurate, but surely unfortunate hairdo.  She's also a very likable actress; it was an excellent idea to cast her as the not-easy-to-like Helen, preachy, holier-than-thou, and severe. In fact, Helen can perhaps best be compared to the 20th century American figure Carrie Nation.  Many of us may agree that Ms. Nation's heart was in the right place.  She was a suffragist; she opposed the consumption of alcohol because she thought it had many undesirable results.  And let's say we're in agreement with her: still,Carrie with her axe, laying waste to bars, in support of Prohibition,could not have been a pleasant sight.  And, at times, Helen Huntingdon seems only to lack the axe.  (So let us not forget that  Bronte pere was a clergyman, and, in fact, must have been one tough old bird: in his seventies, one day, he drank down a bottle of brandy, then submitted to what must have been an excruciatingly painful cataract operation.)  Well, anyway, a modern audience may have trouble deciding who'd be most unpleasant to live with, Helen; or her hell-bound husband Arthur.  As beautifully played by the handsome Rupert Graves  ([[ASIN:B000FS9FCG V for Vendetta ]]); he clearly is dissolute, and will come to an early, bad end; but he's charismatic, recognizes his own limitations; gives every sign of having a sense of humor, even about himself.  (It seems likely that the author modeled him onthe fourth Bronte child, the only boy, Branwell.  That weak young Bronte, son of a clergyman and in a household of brilliant women, was an alcoholic, an opium eater, and died at age 31.)<br /><br />Toby Stephens ([[ASIN:B000LPQ6DE Jane Eyre ]])  is a handsome, sexy Gilbert Markham, yearning to lighten up Helen and her life: he lights up quite a few scenes.  And Pam Ferris ([[ASIN:B000WCN7M4 Rosemary & Thyme - The Complete Series]]) does good work as his mother, Mrs. Markham.  As to the DePue subtitles report: thank goodness, the production has them, as you're getting all kinds of country accents.  But the BBC has again made the subtitles rather tricky to access. This production has its virtues; but it wouldn't be to everyone's taste.  It's not to mine.nly boy, Branwell.  That weak young Bronte, son of a clergyman and in a household of brilliant women, was an alcoholic, an opium eater, and died at age 31.)    Toby Stephens ([[ASIN:B000LPQ6DE Jane Eyre ]])  is a handsome, sexy Gilbert Markham, yearning to lighten up Helen and her life: he lights up quite a few scenes.  And Pam Ferris ([[ASIN:B000WCN7M4 Rosemary & Thyme - The Complete Series]]) does good work as his mother, Mrs. Markham.    As to the DePue subtitles report: thank goodness, the production has them, as you're getting all kinds of country accents.  But the BBC has again made the subtitles rather tricky to access. This production has its virtues; but it wouldn't be to everyone's taste.  It's not to mine.
B000002BE9|5.0|I still remember when this cd first came out, back in 1996 (around that time).  This cd captures some of the best music in the 90's. So take a trip down memory lane and enjoy this.<br /><br />Fiona's subsequent cds are also good.  She is very talented vocally and with the piano.
0756404746|5.0|One of my favorite books hands down. Can't wait for the sequel. The author starts off his series with a intricately  detailed account of Kvothe's early years. Kept me interested the whole way through. Read it, you won't be disappointed.
B000RZIGVS|3.0|THE FIRST THING I WAS FORCED TO DO WAS REMOVE THE DVDs TO 8 CASES (1 EA SEASON THAT HOLD UP TO 8 DVDS ea)...REAL CASES, THE TYPE WHERE IF U SPILL PEPSI ON ONE, ONLY NEED IS REPLACE CASE not LOSS of DVDS..the only worse collction series case was 11 season MASH...not even hubs! jusst slits in a cardboard causing damage right from factory. just becase these co's have a monopoly on whocan sell the copyrighted content..doesnt mean THIS disgustion mess..BTW aside from almost no extras Quality of viseo on the DVDs IS excellent..should be considering there isnt a more expensive 7 season series anywhere.
0143038419|1.0|After all the \\"hype\\" about this book, (which I had to wonder where it came from?)  I gave up and couldn't finish it.  Ms. Gilbert talks about a failed marriage but only explained that it was she who decided to just leave to \\"explore\\" and find her \\"inner self\\"??  I got through Italy with paragraph and paragraph about sightseeing and eating.  In India, I'm still trying to figure out just what inner peace she needed?   Perhaps she had past issues in her life that should have been explained besides a bad marriage and a man she is or is not in love with?   I will admit she does have a witty personality, but this was so disappointing and I'm sorry I wasted my time trying to get into this book.  I was determined to finish it but just couldn't.  Ms. Gilbert just came off as a spoiled, self-absorbed brat.  Good thing she didn't want children!  If it's an \\"Oprah pick\\", I'll just leave Oprah's recommendations out of my searching.
0784011176|4.0|REVIEW: Set in the stark, muddy, yet beautiful backdrop of New Zealand: Jane Campion's award winning \\"THE PIANO\\" is a most unusual love story that revolves around newcomer Ada (a willfully mute woman played by Holly Hunter), her daughter Flora (Paquin), Ada's husband by a pre-arranged marriage (Neill), and their mysterious neighbor Baines (Keitel) who has been initiated into the Maori tribe. Centering around these four characters is Ada's piano which comes to represent many different things: for Ada it is her refuge, and the extension of her own fierce individuality; for Flora it is a common bond the links her to her mother's own closed-off world; for Ada's husband, Stewart, it becomes an instrument that mocks his efforts in trying to win Ada's heart; and for Baines it becomes a tool to pierce through Ada's seemingly impenetrable fortress of self while re-awakening in her the desire to love and the passion to embrace life again. The central theme of the film is sex which is used by the director in order to contrast the more conservative/civilized manner of Stewart and his ilk with the wild/unorthodox Maori native traditions which Baines is a part of. It is this unbridled sexual passion that drives Baines to bargain with Stewart for Ada's piano, and then to strike a deal with Ada that is totally unexpected and which leads to a shocking conclusion. \\"THE PIANO\\" is not a film for everyone's taste. Campion's idea of using sex in order to \\"jolt\\" Ada out of her self-imposed exile is an interesting psychological twist; but the scenes of full-frontal nudity were really unnecessary and may keep some viewers from wanting to see the film. But regardless of the \\"controversial\\" aspects of the story: \\"THE PIANO\\" remains a completely original, gorgeously filmed work that is brought to life by a first-rate cast; and  a musical score by Michael Nyman that is absolutely haunting in every sense of the word.    ACADEMY AWARDS: Best Actress (Holly Hunter), Best Supporting Actress (Anna Paquin), Best Original Screenplay (Jane Campion)    ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS: Best Picture, Best Director (Jane Campion), Best Cinematography (Stuart Dryburgh), Best Editing (Veronika Jenet), Best Costume Design (Janet Patterson)    GOLDEN GLOBES: Best Actress (Holly Hunter)    GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINATIONS: Best Picture, Best Director (Jane Campion), Best Supporting Actress (Anna Paquin), Best Original Score (Michael Nyman), Best Screenplay (Jane Campion)
B000OVLBGC|5.0|The Lives of Others is a moving portrayal of the inner conflict of a Stasi (state security) officer, who finds himself pursuing the personal whims of state leaders. Instead of merely standing by as the innocent are taken advantage of, the officer becomes enmeshed in the machinations with an unexpected ending.    This is an emotionally moving tale, especially in light of the realistic portrayals of life in the \\"East\\" in the 1980's, and the profound changes that took place when the wall came down. However, it should not be watched with too critical an eye, as the awakening of the Stasi officer that plays center stage in the plot would only be possible if the officer in question was excessively naive, which in turn would make his advancement to the rank that he portrays in the film unlikely.    Five stars, two thumbs up. I bought a second copy so that I can share it.
B00003CXAT|3.0|Everyone here seems to already know the plot, given that it's 10+ years old, but I've not seen too many comments on the actual quality of the movie.<br /><br />I rented it last night and found it was very disappointing.  I was expecting better from both audio and video.  The picture is not very good (I'm comparing it to Batman Begins on DVD), which was a surprise given the cutting edge effects and the budget at the time, but the audio quality was also poor.  I had to bump up the volume even during the inital encounter with the T-Rex.  I was expecting to rattle the dishes during this scene.  Man, it was a major let-down.<br /><br />I have to assume that when the blu-ray edition comes out, they'll correct both issues, so with that said, even at $20.00, for all three, it's still not a great deal (considering the first movie was the only one, of the three, worth watching.) so you might want to rent it first and judge for yourself.<br /><br />If you are looking for a movie worthy of your home theater, check out the Transformers movie on Blu-ray.  [...] contends that it is a very good movie for showing off your system.  I bought the movie and wholeheartedly agree (even if it is a Michael Bay picture.)
B0016NF06O|5.0|This is a cd that I let play and play, and it just gets better and better.  I love the soft, easy back and forth between Willie and Wynton, and the jazz riffs are like coming upon an unexpected chunk of Heath Bar in my ice cream, to be savored in the midst of an experience I'm already enjoying!
B001BR5F4C|5.0|An excellent blu-ray transfer for an awesome movie. The picture quality is one of the best video transfers on blu-ray and the audio is equally pleasing. Its a must own in the collection of best blu-ray titles. Not much on the extras side, but the Movie itself is worth it.
0790725657|5.0|Magical and delightful and uplifting.  I don't really have much to say in addition to what others have said, but I figured I'd weigh in with some stars to counter the 1 star people.  They may be more devoted to the text of the book than the rest of us.  I come to the film simply as appreciating whether it's a good movie as a movie, and it is.  Much preferable to the other A Little Princess movie (although my wife disagrees).
B000OHZJLY|5.0|Imperial Bedroom is an album that has Elvis Costello ( Declan MacManus) at the top of his game as a songwriter. It's true that the album contains very few of his hits but every song is good regardless.  What I find striking about  Imperial Bedroom is how many different styles EC attempts to write in, we get Jazz ( Almost Blue ), Pop ( The Loved Ones ) Surrealist Rhyme ( Man out of Time ) it almost like a `master-class' in post Beatles songwriting.  By the end of the album (I would say the last 7 songs) each song tops the last getting more and  more melodious and clever until a wonderful crescendo with Town Crier, one of my all time favorite album closers.  Beautiful!  The band is also in top form with Steve Naive creating some the best arrangements in rock since the Beatles Abbey Road (comparison intended).  To make things even more  Beatlesque and masterful the album was produced by Geoff Emerick, the Beatles engineer from many of their masterworks.  Of course the strings on And in every Home are great but I really love his piano playing on The Loved Ones.  Whenever I hear that track I am reminded of the Scherzo from Schubert's Trout Quintet which Naive may have been quoting musically.<br /><br /> Pigeon English is another more recent favorite of mine off Imperial Bedroom. Songs like that one and Human Hands seem to have Costello penning lyrics right out the Cole Porter scrapbook.  There is so much wit and edge and pop-sensibility here it is no wonder that Paul McCartney employed Costello to co-write on a few of his albums in the late 80's-early 90's. If you're a music fan and fan of great song craft Imperial Bedroom is a must listen.  Another sidebar: It was reported that Ira Gershwin actually checked out Imperial Bedroom and was impressed.  Amazing, right?!  That must have went right to EC's head.
B000O75VSK|4.0|It's unusual for an established band to bring out a self-titled album.  In this case, it makes sense.  Under Mark Jansen in 1997-2002, After Forever was an early developer of the progressive metal sound that combined metal, death grunts and growls, and female lead vocals.  When he left to found the great symphonic metal band Epica, After Forever struggled to find a new direction (and, for that matter, a new label).<br /><br />This album represents an essentially reconstituted vision of the band.  It moves away from \\"progressive\\" elements such as symphonic compositions, linked songs, or theme albums.  Instead, it brings Floor Jansen's vocal talents to the center stage.  That's an excellent decision.  She can take the simple structures and instrumentation of a song like \\"Energize Me\\" and make it work by changing her timbre, projection, and style to carry the song forward.<br /><br />The rest of the band is pretty standard metal: two guitars, keyboard, and drums.  The songs are rockers and ballads, and they're not trying to be more than good songs.  I liked the first half of the album more than the second half - - if they'd kept up the quality of the first half, this would be a five-star classic.<br /><br />All together, it's a good metal band fronted by an amazing vocal talent.  Most important, they have decided that this is what they are and are writing and performing as a unit.
0812548094|5.0|I've read many a book, but none reach me like this series has. The entire Sword of Truth series, sets a pretty high standard for epic fantasy, let along a good book series. Early books had some places that were a bit clunky, (it was the authors first books if I'm not mistaken), but don't we ALL start out something a bit green, and then hone our skills?     The more books by Goodkind you read, you clearly see the excellent progress he's made in his craft. Goodkind does what so few fantasy authors do, that being have true heroes, heroes who use reason, heroes who do not become the enemy or become cowards and most important, heroes that stand up for what is honorable and true. And heroes that do not sacrifice their values to accomplish their goals.      You will not see nasty words, vulgarity, incest (unlike some series), porno, or any kind of depravity in the name of literature. This series touches on some violence and deals with real world issues like war and the true horrors of war. It exposes evil for what it is and it shows that mankind can rise up and be truly noble!    While I see there are a few people who want to vote poorly and post negative comments, it is your right. But when you post such acerbic comments, it is easy to see that you simply think it funny. Like anyone would take your petty comments as anything but jealousy and immaturity.    While this series has its merits, it has its problems as well. No book will have everything to speak to every person.    This series starts in easy, and right away you grasp the wonderful story telling ability of Goodkind, and as you go on, it delves deeper into the nature of man. This series explores deep human themes and exposes the fallacy of collectivism.     This book has a striking romantic aspect as well as plenty of heart wrenching twists. While I personally love the philosophy, I can see why some may not. That (IOHP), is why we have arena such as this, so that we can offer up likes and dislikes. Most who do that have offered up an HONEST review. The rest simply are offering up vitriol, because they fear this series for the good that it does and they fear it because they feel it a threat to their favorite author.    BE HONEST, give the book its due.    Support your book stores! Support the Publishing world, and for goodness sake buy a book so we can drive these whacked out \\"save the rain forest\\" freaks crazy by cutting down a few more trees!
B00007KWHG|4.0|I thought this is an excellent selection of Frankie Valli and the Four Seasons greatest hits.    I'm sure the audio engineers did the best they could with the recordings. All of the trackes are very clean, but I thought it was a shame that the older tracks lacked the stereo \\"depth\\" of the newer tracks.  By comparison, the \\"Jersey Boys\\" soundtrack takes full advantage of the improvements in recording technology and so breathes a lot of life into these older songs.  However, that CD is comprised mostly of faster versions and medleys in order to fit the format of a stage show.    In the final analysis, I think that both CDs are worth purchasing.
1840220554|5.0|I can now say that I have read all of Jane Austen's works. The print may be small and my eyes may be old, but I enjoyed every story in this collection.  A must for the home library.
B0017MO10U|2.0|this was pleasent and satifying fluff. It's always worth while to watch Baal's machinations, but it would have played better as an episode.Sorry I can't say more.
1604502703|5.0|This is positivly the best mind opening and freeing book i have ever had the pleasure of reading Seriously do not make a mistake and not get this book it will change your whole thinking life and help you become a creator of your destiny  LOVE LOVE LOVE IT !!!!!!!!!
B001CD6FKI|5.0|Critics gave this film a bad rap. For those of us who grew up with the experience of Speed Racer as an Americanized Japanese cartoon with sometimes outrageous action and clearly defined characters with brilliant nuances, this film delivers on all counts! Everything a Speed Racer fan would expect is present and stylistically depicted in this remarkable treatment. The Wachowski brothers understood very well the appeal of this property and used their Hollywood clout to defy the norm to create a film that was just as eclectic as the cartoon. The English translation of the original cartoon made for an unusual type of story that could not shed its Japanese narrative. Instead of reinventing the story to accommodate the general audiences, Larry and Andy Wachowski chose to create a film version that contains the same nuances as the original cartoons. The major themes being represented makes this a joy for those who loved the cartoon and makes fans out of those who were curious about the film's origins.            Watching Speed Racer (the film) made me want to go back and watch the original cartoons again because of the dramatic special effects and character representation. Audiences will just have to give in to the fragmented storyline and understand that the theme of the film id consistent with the best episodes of the cartoon.           There is one unfortunate scene where Spritle, Speed's kid brother, gives the bad guy the finger. This is totally uncalled for and needless. I found it offensive to the cartoon, but overlooking this, the story and characters are very much what made the source material memorable. Fans will love it and those wishing to experience the original cartoons would be wise to enjoy the original cartoon and then revel in the brilliant achievement of this film.
B000067CPX|5.0|How can this not get five stars from someone? It takes many, many listens and all the songs grow on you at their own rates. My favorites are the title track, Universally Speaking, Dosed, The Zephyr Song, Cabron, On Mercury, Minor thing, and Venice Queeen, which are all essential. This group has taken it upon themselves to get our generation out of the shadows of the Beatles the Doors, and Hendrix. Fortunately, they are succeeding. Stadium Arcadium is also very good.
0756404746|5.0|I'm spanish and bought this book in NYC by chance and in order to have something to read during the fllght. What a surprise!! this book is really one of the best I have read. I'm not a fan of Fantasie, I usually prefer Sci-fie and I'm often disapointed by all those books (Harry potter, etc..) with Magicians in the Merlin style and so on, but this one is really fantastic and different.  As I said I'm Spanish, but I know when an english book is well written and the way P.Routhfuss writes is very good. You just have to read the first page with the description of the silence, and you will understand what I mean. The story is perfect and addicting, you always want to carry on reading. If you don't like the fantasie, never mind there's much more inside it, bits of philosophie, love & hate, friendship etc...  I have recommended it to friends and they also enjoyed it as much as I did. I can't stand the wait for the second book (7 months). Just hope that the author will be able to keep that quality all through the trylogie.
0446677450|4.0|I've never come across a better definition of an ASSET and LIABILITY than the one Robert Kiyosaki gives : An asset is any item (tangible or otherwise) which generates income and a liability is one which creates expenses.    That's it.    So whatever it is you own, regardless of what it's labelled in an accounting textbook, if it is not generating income, it's not an asset. Worse still, if it's leading you to spend more, then it's a liability.    E.g. your car. Tradtionally, one would call it an 'asset'. But RK'd slot it under a 'liability' because it's taking up fuel costs, insurance fees, road taxes, maintenance, etc. (RK also spends lots of pages trying to convince his readers that their houses are also liabilities, given the amount of debt one gets into via the purchase).    The message of Rich Dad, Poor Dad, if I could cull it all into one sentence, is : Spend your money buying things which generate income i.e. buy assets.    The more assets you have, the more income you'll get, leading to even more assets, more income, ad infinitum. That, according to RK, is what the rich do and teach their kids. The opposite - i.e. spending on liabilities and getting stuck with ever-growing expenses - is what the 'middle-class and poor' folks do (ouch).    So when you get that bonus, instead of blowing it all on clothes or a new watch (all liabilities because they don't generate income), think about putting it into any one of the following:     a) Your Own Business (this could be anything from a worldwide conglomerate to a personal Web-page)    b) Stocks, Equities and Bonds (high-risk so do diversify, hedge, read more, get advice, etc.)    c) Mutual Funds and Unit Trusts (less aggressive but over the long-term the amounts can be substantial)    d) I.Ps', Patents and Copyrights (for the inventor/author types, or if you can afford it, buy one)    e) Rental Income (which tends to pay for and exceed the purchasing loan in the first place)     Money put into these items end up 'working for you' because time brings about the 'compounding effect'. Until one day you can quit your job because the income generated from your assets can pay for all your expenses and liabilities.    And thus, thou art truly wealthy. When your (newly defined) assets run the show for you even after you leave your 9 to 5.
B001DHXT1G|5.0|This movie was epic, out of all comic book movies this one is my favorite. The blu-ray version shall be perfection!
B000274THQ|3.0|Wolfgang Becker's 2003 film, Good Bye Lenin!, is not a great film, but it is far better than the usual Hollywood tripe, as well as being a cut above most independent films released by filmmakers not named John Sayles. The two hour long film was written by Becker, Bernd Lichtenberg, Hendrik Handloegten, Christoph Silber, and Achim von Borries, and has a unique, if strained premise- that as the Berlin Wall fell in 1989 a devout East German Communist flunky, Christiane Kerner (Katrin Sa&szlig;), who lived in East Berlin fell into a coma after a heart attack and when she woke eight months later, her whole world changed, but her devoted son decides to recreate the fallen state so as to not be such a great shock to his mother's system.<br />  While the machinations that the son, Alex Kerner (Daniel Br&uuml;hl- a better looking Ashton Kutcher), his girlfriend Lara (Chulpan Khamatova)- a Russian nurse who was tending to Christiane, sister Ariane (Maria Simon), brother-in-law Rainer (Alexander Beyer), and neighbors go to reveal an occasional chuckle, the film could really have been something special- and great, had it played the drama closer to reality. This is not to say that there are not sweet and funny moments, but they cannot compare with such a great premise and the potential for a real exploration into the human psyche and politics' place within it could have provided. That said, the film, as is, is a very good one, and the acting is stellar. So is how the film deftly avoids falling into being a screed or one dimensional propaganda piece against Communism. We can see the failings of that system when we see how Alex struggles to get a certain type of pickle brand, Spreewald pickles, so his mother will not know the difference. When we see him and his friend Denis (Florian Lukas) ridiculously try to simulate old East German tv newscasts we see how self-defeating a system that denies ingenuity and individuality is. To wave that about as a club is bastardizing the art of the film. If only more artists would learn what Becker's film knows.<br />What makes Good Bye Lenin! work as a film is not its political implications, nor the political setup, but the human moments, and it is the relative lack of them vis-&agrave;-vis the film's length that make the film both a joy and bit of a disappointment, for it seems to be a mix of the old television movie of the week formula from the 1970s and a European arts film, and does not fully succeed either way. The film's lack of poesy is its greatest flaw. But, taken as it is, Good Bye Lenin! is a most worthwhile film and a good chronicle of a clan in an era now passed, long passed, it seems. If other films failed as well as this one does, well, would not success really be a thing?nly more artists would learn what Becker's film knows.  What makes Good Bye Lenin! work as a film is not its political implications, nor the political setup, but the human moments, and it is the relative lack of them vis-à-vis the film's length that make the film both a joy and bit of a disappointment, for it seems to be a mix of the old television movie of the week formula from the 1970s and a European arts film, and does not fully succeed either way. The film's lack of poesy is its greatest flaw. But, taken as it is, Good Bye Lenin! is a most worthwhile film and a good chronicle of a clan in an era now passed, long passed, it seems. If other films failed as well as this one does, well, would not success really be a thing?
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I was extremely excited when I found out the box set went on sale for 17.99 one day so I had to buy it! I love this series and I'm so glad I own my own copies!
B000HEWEDK|4.0|When one thinks of 1950s science fiction films one thinks of the sort of schlocky black and white B films that were parodied on the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 television show. Yet, while there were far more films like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster than good films, the 1950s did have some very good, if not great, science fiction films like The Day The Earth Stood Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Of The Body Snatchers, War Of The Worlds, and The Thing From Another World. Yet, the best of the bunch, for its literacy and production values, was undoubtedly MGM's first big foray into A level science fiction, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98 minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, that featured then state of the art special effects, and was endowed with a very good screenplay by Cyril Hume, from a screen treatment called Fatal Planet, by Irving Block and Allen Adler, who adapted aspects of William Shakespeare's The Tempest into it.<br />  The film drew raves when it was released, for its Oscar nominated special effects, its all electronic music score, by Louis and Bebe Barron (although credited as Electronic Tonalities, to avoid music guild fees), vivid matte paintings- inspired by Chesley Bonestell, and the famed Monster Of The Id (MOTI), which was animated by an animator, Joshua Meador, on loan from the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot, in his first role in either film or television. Later he would appear in the film The Invisible Boy- included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several appearances in the 1960s sci fi tv shows The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery, and Lost In Space- with whose own robot he is often confused, and a cameo appearance in the 1984 film Gremlins.<br />  The tale is simple, but elegantly constructed, and filled with humorous asides that leaven the forced `love story' aspect in the film. In the 23rd Century, the United Planets Cruiser C-57D- a flying saucer, led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen- yes he was once a leading man type before his Police Squad days), is en route to the planet Altair IV, to investigate what happened to the crew of the Bellerophon, sent to the planet twenty years earlier. After a year's journey, there they encounter the lone survivor of the party, Doctor Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), the Prospero stand-in- a philologist, his gorgeous blond daughter Altaira (Anne Francis)- the Miranda character in a pre 1960s miniskirt, and Robby the Robot, the domestic servant who is the Calibanian counterpart. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year, yet he was immune to it.... All in all, it's a technically good film- especially with some rear projections and matte paintings, and the absurdity of the adult reactions to Timmy's and Robby's exploits borders an Dalian surreal absurdity. Yet, it's manifest that the filmmakers had no sense of the sublime absurdity the film conjures, for it's played straight, thus making it even funnier. As for the main feature? Forbidden Planet deserves all its kudos. It's not a perfect film, but it's a great way to spend a couple of hours, and far better than Star Wars, which although made twenty years later seems much more outdated, and juvenile. Only such films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens, and the first two Terminator films, have really equaled or surpassed this classic in depth and effects.<br />  It's worth knowing that, despite Forbidden Planet's `happy ending', there is the possibility that the MOTI is still dormant within Alta, as well. After all, she is her father's daughter, and had an even more vivid nightmare than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship a second time. Also, the film wisely only `shows' the MOTI once, and never shows the Krel, for the imagination can always conjure greater scares than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to condense the tale, something that far more realistic art films often fail to do. Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both defines yet transcends its era- unlike other sci fi films which were rather obvious Cold War allegories. Watch it, and you will agree, as well as sleep a little less easy. But, even if you don't, there's still the scene of Anne Francis skinnydipping. That alone is timeless.dense the tale, something that far more realistic art films often fail to do. Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both defines yet transcends its era- unlike other sci fi films which were rather obvious Cold War allegories. Watch it, and you will agree, as well as sleep a little less easy. But, even if you don't, there's still the scene of Anne Francis skinnydipping. That alone is timeless.
B001AXU1BY|1.0|C'mon, Paramount. No one loves Grease more than us hopelessly devoted fans. But if you are going to roll out yet another attempt to repackage our beloved classic, make it worth rolling out the bucks. How about this: offer a re-release with the (!!!!!!!) ORIGINAL THEATRICAL AUDIO TRACK as an option. We love the remastered print, etc. But some of us really long for the original track, especially because some of the classic songs were over-remixed in the 1998 re-release. The biggest disappointment is not being able to hear the movie the way many of us first experienced it in 1978. (No disrespect to composer John Farrar, but) I miss watching \\"Hopelessly Devoted to You\\" without the unnecessary - and sometimes distractingly over-mixed - backing vocals, for example.     Many classics that were remastered or recut offer us fans the option of seeing them in its original form (see Superman: The Movie or ET: The Extra-Terrestrial) in addition to the revamped versions. Grease fans deserve the same before we plunk down another $15 or $20.     Are you listening???
B000SINT52|3.0|Fahrenheit 9/11, by Michael Moore, is yet another example of a potentially talented artist taking the easy way out. There is no doubt that MM has few peers in agitprop, but he has become a magnificent filmmaker, as well. He understands how to truly manipulate an audience without resorting to the cheese of a Steven Spielberg. Evidence of this comes from the fact that the most bravura moment of his latest filmic screed against President George W. Bush comes not from the humanzee grins of our leader- especially in the 7 minutes of paralysis after being told of the attacks, nor the oafish military recruiters he follows about poor urban malls, nor even the distorted ethics of exploiting a grieving mother whose son has died in Iraq or trying to paint the Saddam-era Iraq as a place where carefree children flew kites & all was well- despite over a million bodies in mass graves over the 3 decades of his American-backed rule, but by NOT showing us a replay of the horrific fall of the Twin Towers on 9/11. He understands that the viewers memory of the event will be far more powerful than seeing it, again, for the umpteenth time.... On the + side, the film is at its best when it takes on its own- exposing the utter fallacy of the `liberal media' during the lead up to & during the war. Rather, Brokaw, Jennings, & co. are shown as the sycophantic corporate daisy-chainers they really are- not once calling the Bush Administration on its, now proven, bevy of lies about the war. Of course, given the recent death & apotheosis of &uuml;ber-moronic ex-President Ronald Reagan by the media, it's a shame many need MM to state the obvious. Another highpoint is the connection between the fact that it is Bush's American poor & uneducated fighting the Arab world's poor & uneducated- a fact of wars since their start.<br />  Instead of being a detailed journalistic `true documentary' Fahrenheit 9/11 is a disorganized mess of a film, however occasionally brilliant, that has only 1 unifying theme- a hatred for George W. Bush. As admirable as this may be in real life, it does not suffice in reel life. I suspect, though, that reel life is where MM prefers to reside, for their he can solipsistically sneer at the American public he repeatedly (& not wrongly, mind you) derides as being stupid, yet Sisyphanly attempts to sway, even though few of those who should see the film will, & those who do already agree with its tenets. A similar phenomenon occurred earlier this year when it was the Conservatives' turn to rail against what & who they hate with The Passion Of The Christ. Sadly, despite all the wisdom MM wishes to impart to the American people he fails to heed 1 of the oldest nostrums in the book: choose your enemies well, because that's who you'll most likely resemble. & from where I sit, that ain't pretty!d for George W. Bush. As admirable as this may be in real life, it does not suffice in reel life. I suspect, though, that reel life is where MM prefers to reside, for their he can solipsistically sneer at the American public he repeatedly (& not wrongly, mind you) derides as being stupid, yet Sisyphanly attempts to sway, even though few of those who should see the film will, & those who do already agree with its tenets. A similar phenomenon occurred earlier this year when it was the Conservatives' turn to rail against what & who they hate with The Passion Of The Christ. Sadly, despite all the wisdom MM wishes to impart to the American people he fails to heed 1 of the oldest nostrums in the book: choose your enemies well, because that's who you'll most likely resemble. & from where I sit, that ain't pretty!
B000004727|2.0|While I may not be classically \\"trained\\" in music, I have a pretty good ear for good tunes, and have always been drawn by the mystique and romance of flamenco and spanish guitar music, and personally, this was pretty awful.  I'm not really one to call someone a \\"master\\" at what they do just because they try things others haven't.  Just because others haven't \\"tried\\" instrumental pairings or different tempos that Paco has does not make him a musical genius.  As far as flamenco goes, Ramon Montoya, despite subpar recordings due to the era he recorded in presumably, and guitarist Sabas embarrass this guy.  I don't see how other reviewers can even compare Paco to the aforementioned two artists.  Paco seems to get into fits and starts where he pauses (for effect?!?), then strums furiously for 2 seconds, takes another breather, and then strums some more and repeats.  His tempo, in my opinion, is very slow and boring.  Give it a listen before purchasing would be my best advice, because for me, the only thing Paco's albums would be good for is defeating insomnia.  Cheers!
B00027JYLC|3.0|Tod Browning's 1932 cult classic film Freaks is not what most people seem to think it is. It is neither a blatantly exploitative film nor a film of profound compassion. Of all of his films, silent or not, it is in many ways both his most artlessly produced yet also his most indelible- even more so than Dracula, which came out a year before. Most of all, though, it is not a horror film. Yes, it is horrifying to look at the poor freaks that are onscreen, and the film has the exterior trappings of a horror film, in terms of mood and sets, but the film is really about the human desire for love, and the often impotent pursuit of it. Even the normal sized people in the film are not able to achieve real love.<br />  The tale of the film is almost as well known as the tale within the film. The exterior story is how the film was critically lambasted, after MGM studio decisions led to its demotion from a film with A List MGM stars (Myrna Loy and Jean Harlow) to a B List film Irving Thalberg couldn't stand (reputedly exclaiming, `Well, I asked for a horror film, and this film is horrible!'). This drubbing by critics and lack of care by the studio led to the film's poor box office, and its being pulled from circulation for nearly thirty years, after being banned in many cities. However, it did enjoy more success in Europe, which fed its reputation, and a desire to be seen in its natal country by a newer, hipper generation. Then, in the early 1960s, it was pulled out of mothballs stateside and became a hit on the college and late night film circuit under many different titles, including Nature's Mistakes. In the 1980s, when videotapes of films became popular, rentals and sales cemented its niche as one of the greatest comeback films in Hollywood history. Not even the much documented travails of It's A Wonderful Life could compare with what Freaks had to endure to attain its status as a classic.<br />  But, classic does not always equal great, nor masterpiece- two terms that are now often associated with the film. That's because the interior story of the film, and its execution, simply do not hold up well. The basic tale is about a carnival full of human oddities, and how the strongman (Henry Victor) and female acrobat (Olga Baclanova) plot to steal the fortune of the star attraction- a midget named Hans (Harry Earles), by having her marry him, then killing him.... In short (no pun intended), Freaks is neither bad nor brilliant, nor does it carry any deep nor important message, but it is fascinating to watch, albeit in the way a festering sore, or one insect eating another, can be. Is its depiction of thwarted love, vengeance, and bigotry exploitative? Of course. Is it sympathetic? Yes. The two are not mutually exclusive, and with that knowledge imparted, perhaps Freaks serves its highest, best, and only purpose.en associated with the film. That's because the interior story of the film, and its execution, simply do not hold up well. The basic tale is about a carnival full of human oddities, and how the strongman (Henry Victor) and female acrobat (Olga Baclanova) plot to steal the fortune of the star attraction- a midget named Hans (Harry Earles), by having her marry him, then killing him.... In short (no pun intended), Freaks is neither bad nor brilliant, nor does it carry any deep nor important message, but it is fascinating to watch, albeit in the way a festering sore, or one insect eating another, can be. Is its depiction of thwarted love, vengeance, and bigotry exploitative? Of course. Is it sympathetic? Yes. The two are not mutually exclusive, and with that knowledge imparted, perhaps Freaks serves its highest, best, and only purpose.
B001CVCB9O|3.0|Interesting but it could have done with a bit more of fire and humph a la Feast Of Wire!
0634049011|5.0|I have an entire bookcase full of music theory books and how to play the guitar.  Not one of them has approached the topic like this book does.  I would not recommend this book for beginners who don't have a teacher or mentor.  Sort of like trying to visualize driving a car by looking at the mechanical pieces.  You need a foundation for it to really start turning the gears (IMHO).  But for people like me who have played for 25 years but are tired of memorizing the different scales and chords and feeling \\"boxed in\\", now I can 'go anywhere I want', this book was absolutely FREEING for me.<br /><br />I now can choose any note, make it my root (regardless of the key), know where all the other roots are and create a scale (Major, Minor, Pent etc) on the fly and even alter or bounce between them!  I no longer care (or even know) what key I am in, everything is a half or whole step or several combined for interval playing, but everything sounds good and related and I can change direction on any note.  This has been the 'lightbulb' for me.<br /><br />The Fretboard IS laid out with a logic and a purpose that I never fully understood until reading this book.  Like the author pointed out, each string is like a keyboard with all the notes laid out.  We need to understand how one string relates to the next.  I look at the neck very differently and can now see the notes that are related to the one I am playing and make a choice depending on feel and emotion I want to impart, I am not 'limited' to the scale, and everything makes sense!  Highly recommended.
B000B5XOSO|4.0|It's funny when you look at the old (by old I mean Burton and onward) Batman films in contrast to the recent Nolan masterpieces; they just don't stand up.  `Batman Returns' is probably the better of the previous four, but even still it's apparent that Tim Burton was missing the point.<br /><br />I'm going to say this upfront, as a longstanding fan of Batman in every shape and form he comes in, that Batman is a very serious comic.  The one thing that makes Batman so great is that he is not a superhero in the essence that he has superpowers or superhuman abilities.  He's a superhero in that he is a man trying to avenge a city; just a man, in a suit, kicking butt.  The villains he encounters are not superhuman or mutated or anything of the sort.  For the most part (with some exceptions) they are regular people who are either violently insane or just violent.  The reason I say that Burton misses the point is that he insists on making Batman and the people around him more than what they are.  They become caricatures of their former selves.<br /><br />Sometimes this works and sometimes it doesn't.<br /><br />I am one of the few who thinks that Jack Nicholson's performance in `Batman' was horrendous (the more I think about it the more I wish I had given the film a C) and especially after watching Heath Ledger's (R.I.P.) marvelous performance in `The Dark Knight' I have grown to detest what Nicholson had done all the more.  That said, Danny DeVito can sit right alongside Jack.  His interpretation of The Penguin is so horrifically altered from what it should have been that I am sick to my stomach when I think about it.  He just went right for the obvious, sort of like Nicholson.<br /><br />The film finds Batman in a bit of a bundle.  Penguin, a crazy man from the sewers, has teamed up with tycoon Max Shreck in an attempt to control the city of Gotham, steal its electricity and destroy Batman's good name.  While he is struggling with this power couple he has to contend with the ravaging Catwoman, a disgruntled employee of Shreck's who has an agenda all her own.<br /><br />Thankfully Burton infuses enough darkness into his newly crafted Gotham to make up for many of his unfortunate misinterpretations, and in the end the film comes off much more rewarding than its predecessor.  This is also thanks in large part to a wonderfully inspired performance by Michele Pfeiffer.  As Catwoman she is obviously having fun with her character's puns but she does so in such a convincing and effortless way.  Where DeVito comes off forced and contrived Pfeiffer comes of elegant and commanding.  Her performance has been rendered as the greatest comic book performance of all time, and that may be correct (although Ledger was utterly flawless on so many levels).<br /><br />In the end I hand the film a B, for its better than the rest of the bunch (pre-Nolan bunch) but it never manages to connect all the dots.  I love Burton's style, but in my opinion he is too cartoonish for Batman.  He may have seemed like a perfect match at the time, but in retrospect he just didn't get it.ntled employee of Shreck's who has an agenda all her own.    Thankfully Burton infuses enough darkness into his newly crafted Gotham to make up for many of his unfortunate misinterpretations, and in the end the film comes off much more rewarding than its predecessor.  This is also thanks in large part to a wonderfully inspired performance by Michele Pfeiffer.  As Catwoman she is obviously having fun with her character's puns but she does so in such a convincing and effortless way.  Where DeVito comes off forced and contrived Pfeiffer comes of elegant and commanding.  Her performance has been rendered as the greatest comic book performance of all time, and that may be correct (although Ledger was utterly flawless on so many levels).    In the end I hand the film a B, for its better than the rest of the bunch (pre-Nolan bunch) but it never manages to connect all the dots.  I love Burton's style, but in my opinion he is too cartoonish for Batman.  He may have seemed like a perfect match at the time, but in retrospect he just didn't get it.
4770030088|4.0|I think this book does a great job working with the business oriented very basic beginner.  For my intents & purposes this book is fantastic - at this point, I'm not looking to have an in depth understanding of the language, I'm looking to be able to communicate just enough with Japanese speaking individuals.  The book jumps right in with sentences and useful business phrases written in romaji (romanized writing of Japanese sounds/words) so that learning, understanding and speaking these phrases can begin immediately without having to learn the new alphabet.  At this time, I am \\"illiterate\\" when it comes to Japanese (Kanji/Hiragana) but I can say enough phrases to get my point across.  Should I desire to be able to read, write or better communicate, I would probably suggest a book that deals more thoroughly with the Japanese characters.
0375707972|5.0|This is one of the shortest, easiest reads I have ever encountered, yet it manages in those few short pages to wretch from your soul some of the heaviest emotions imaginable.  `The Reader' is one of those novels that moves you, and one that never leaves.<br /><br />The story follows young Michael Berg as he starts an illicit affair with an older woman at the ripe old age of fifteen.  Hanna is different from anyone he has ever known.  She is beautiful and illusive and guarded, but all of these facets of her make her all the more intriguing to Michael.  Hanna is drawn to Michael and it becomes apparent that she needs him almost as much as he believes he needs her.  They know very little about one another but the love between them continues to grow stronger as they bond over passion, both for each other and for the printed page.<br /><br />Then one day Hanna is gone, and Michael fears he will never see her again.<br /><br />A few years later though, Michael does see Hanna again, but the circumstances surrounding their reunion are less than desirable.  Soon Michael is faced with a new perception of his one-time lover and as the years pass his feelings for her and his feelings towards his own actions begin to twist and turn and infect his very being.<br /><br />The one thing that touches me so deeply about `The Reader' is the way the novel slowly unravels and creeps up on you until you're crying uncontrollably and you aren't really aware why until moments later.  Yes, there is a subtle calm surrounding the words recorded in Bernhard Schlick's tragic tale of love and loss and that calm makes for one of the most devastating yet honest reads I have experienced in a long time.<br /><br />The novel raises questions of guilt and consequence, of forgiveness and understanding, of loneliness and desperation.  `The Reader' brilliantly weaves a breathtaking web of circumstance that permeates each and every page, each and ever word, and takes the reader to a whole new level of emotional understanding.  As the final moments are revealed to the reader and he is faced with the same feelings that Michael is battling we are forced to try and comprehend what he must be feeling, and we thus find ourselves ravaged of our emotions as we lay bare and broken on the floor.  `The Reader' brought me to tears as I connected Michael and Hanna's story to one of my own and I saw how my actions may have inadvertently caused harm to someone I genuinely care about.<br /><br />That is the last thing that ran through my mind as I closed the novel, and it is the first thing I ponder whenever this novel comes up among friends.  `The Reader' causes us to take a step back and weight out our actions and our interactions with others because everything we do has an effect, positive or negative, on the ones we love.ments are revealed to the reader and he is faced with the same feelings that Michael is battling we are forced to try and comprehend what he must be feeling, and we thus find ourselves ravaged of our emotions as we lay bare and broken on the floor.  `The Reader' brought me to tears as I connected Michael and Hanna's story to one of my own and I saw how my actions may have inadvertently caused harm to someone I genuinely care about.      That is the last thing that ran through my mind as I closed the novel, and it is the first thing I ponder whenever this novel comes up among friends.  `The Reader' causes us to take a step back and weight out our actions and our interactions with others because everything we do has an effect, positive or negative, on the ones we love.
0070511136|5.0|I've read over 200 books on sales and marketing in my career and SPIN Selling is without question one of the best out there. No tactics, techniques or processes (those never work) like other sales books. Excellent for relationship selling. I am seeing the author Neil Rackham in one of his very rare live appearances in December of 08 ([...]) and highly recommend that everyone reading this gets tickets to see a true sales giant.
B000UJ48U4|5.0|I make it a point to watch this movie at least once or twice a year; for it is one of those films that touches you differently each and every time you entertain it.  Once I feel that I have my mind made up it is completely trampled and my perception of events is altered as my mind tries to re-contemplate everything I just witnessed.  That is the beauty within `Eyes Wide Shut'; a film so tragically misunderstood that many have labeled it pointless and even trashy without fully comprehending all that the film really stands for.<br /><br />The film almost feels lost within itself as it shifts from scene to scene; moment to moment, and in the final thrusts of the films focus we see an explanation (or is it) starting to form before our eyes, but what is so beautiful about the films construction is that that particular explanation (or any explanation for that matter) is completely contradicted the next time we watch the film.  There are no easy answers to the questions raised while watching this masterpiece and that makes for some of the most intriguing titillating post-viewing conversation.  Kubrick's visual styling is incomparable and his approach to the rabid subject at hand; his frankness and blunt rashness; elevates the material and builds a pristine foundation for the films more startling sequences.<br /><br />The film opens with high society couple Bill and Alice attending a party.  Separated from one another we find Alice drinking her detachment away and dancing too close with a stranger while Bill weaves his way through the large mansion to make his services available to those in need, one such individual being his good friend Victor.  This scene perfectly mirrors the characters development and their emotional connection to one another and to us as the audience.  Both Alice and Bill are in a sense playing variations of themselves, locking away their true identities for the sake of those around them.  They are not necessarily faking it or posing as someone else but more or less playing up the parts of them that others want to notice.<br /><br />As the film progresses we witness Bill's emersion into a dark underworld that he is drawn to out of a perverse curiosity yet repelled from because of his desirable innocence.  As he filters through his own feelings with regards his marriage and his life he tickles the keys of his own tendencies and this leads to some startling discoveries; discoveries within himself and those around him.<br /><br />`Eyes Wide Shut' is unfairly recognized for its fearless depictions of immorality; sequences that have proven to be the backbone of ones distaste or admiration of the film.  I say unfairly because those scenes are a small instrument used by Kubrick to paint a much larger picture.  If one only sees the film for the savage imagery then they have missed the final impact of the films true nature.<br /><br />Face it; we may never fully `get' this film, but to claim it nothing more than a perversion is simplifying it far too much, maybe in an attempt to justify our own misunderstandings.<br /><br />Kubrick was aided by some fantastic performances by the entire cast, most notably the two stars Cruise and Kidman.  Tom Cruise brilliantly captures his characters attraction to a world he doesn't quite understand.  Nicole has the most complex character in the film and she tackles her performance with real bravo.  Her understanding of what makes her character tick (and those priceless closing words \\"We have something very important to do...\\") adds so many layers to the films interpretation.  Sydney Pollack also delivers a very controlled and memorable performance and deserves attention for all that he serves with such little screen time.<br /><br />In the end `Eyes Wide Shut' is not a film for everyone, but it should be.  Yes, it is graphic and it is shocking but it is all done in a tasteful (although it may not seem so) manner that carries the film to all kinds of levels of brilliance.  As time passesthe film continues to beam like a beacon for all other films to take notice of something far beyond their reach.ther films to take notice of something far beyond their reach.
B00005QG9J|5.0|This CD is excellent! My favorite records are \\"Circles\\", \\"Just a phase\\" and \\"Aqueous Transmission\\". Incubus is the best band ever, I love these guys, they are amazingly talented musicians! Brandon's voice is strong and sweet at the same time. He's the best singer ever! I could listen to him every single second of my day and never get tired. Love him!
B0013J9KOO|2.0|I didn't like the first Hellboy movie.  I definitely didn't want to see this one.  But friends begged me to see it with them.  They mentioned that Del Toro directed this one.  So, I thought that I'd like it since it was Del Toro directing.<br /><br />The cinematography was beautiful.  Loved the costumes, which reminded me a lot of *Pan's Labyrinth*.  However, I didn't like the storyline.  In fact, I thought it dragged on and on to the point of boredom.<br /><br />In the Elven kingdom, Prince Nuada wants to reactivate the indestructible Golden Army because the humans aren't preserving Earth.  To do so, he must collect and connect the three pieces of a crown that was scattered by his father.  He kills his father to get the first piece.  The second piece is in the human world at an auction house.<br /><br />This is where Hellboy and his team comes in to protect the public from Nuada.  Of course, as stubborn as he is, he ends up exposing himself and his secretive team to the public.  The exposure angers his director, which he calls in Krauss, a gas-based entity, who is a little anal-retentive on Hellboy.  (Krauss somewhat reminds me of the robot from the original Lost in Space.)<br /><br />And if that wasn't enough, Hellboy is going through problems with his pyrokinetic girlfriend, Liz.<br /><br />And in addition to that, Prince Nuada discovers that the third piece is possessed by his twin sister, Nuala.  Nuala escapes to Hellboy and his team for protection.  Thus, Hellboy and Nuada meet once again and battle it out.<br /><br />There's too many things going on and each sub-story gradually drag on and on.  It was just not my kind of movie.
B000OCXMAE|3.0|After listening to the most recent Linkin Park album, it certainly is different. It's got some of the hard rock elements from their Nu-Metal days, and it's got a surprising amount of softer songs (which I really enjoyed but many fans will probably be disappointed). So here's my overall review:    \\"Wake\\" is a cool intro, it's a lot different than what Linkin Park has done to start their other 3 albums. Starting with crackling sounds like an old vinyl record playing, numerous other sounds come in and build-up as eventually the band's instruments come to life to get the album going.     \\"Given Up\\" has some great pieces of hard rock which I like, but I think the intro clapping-like sounds are stupid and I HATE the cursing. I always thought Linkin Park was a cool group for not needing to curse to have some powerful songs, and they just threw that out the window on this song. The latter half of Given Up is VERY loud and angry which I know a lot of people will like it, but I don't. I'm not emo enough to listen to that part of the song in public.     \\"Leave Out All The Rest\\" is a GREAT song, I love it! It's a softer song along the lines of \\"My December\\" (it sounds totally different, but it's the same kind of easy-going song), and I found myself reminiscing about my past when listening to this song. I hope this song gets a lot of radio play as this shows some of Chester's great vocal ability. The song reminds me a lot of Saliva's \\"Rest In Pieces\\" song.    \\"Bleed It Out\\" made me think of a country ho-down when it started (it's got clapping and a lot of people in the background hootin' and hollering). Bleed It Out also marks Mike's first appearance on the album and I'm not sure what genre this song would go into. It's got Mike rapping (kind of) and Chester doing his thing, lots of clapping in the background, and it's a fast paced song (and short too, only about two and half minutes).     \\"Shadow of The Day\\" is another slower song, and very different from anything Linkin Park has done before. Chester goes solo on this song as well. It starts out with low tone beats and fills out with some violin and electronic sounds, later on the drums come in. I really like this song too, but if I came across it on the radio I wouldn't have thought it was Linkin Park, so many fans might not like it. It reminds me of a band called Audio Adrenaline. This is one of the longest songs on the album clocking in at 5 minutes.     \\"What I've Done\\" everyone already knows about. Another song I like! And many people will like it since it sounds the most like Linkin Park's previous albums out of the rest of the new songs.     \\"Hands Held High\\" is song number 2 with Mike (3 if you count his background on What I've Done), more unneeded cursing, starts with some church-like organ, drummer boy percussion, and features background chorus from non-Linkin Park singers. Mike puts out some nice lyrical work here, and Chester comes in at the halfway point. This is a VERY POLITICAL song, which is critical of many of the things going on involving the United States in various places in the world. Cut the cursing and I believe this would be a more powerful song. This song didn't work for me though, felt too much like a song that could have been done by the Beatles or U2 just based on the song's melody.    \\"No More Sorrow\\" is a hard rock song with Chester doing his thing. I haven't soaked up the lyrics yet so I can't really say what it's about, but Linkin Park is angry about people with money (maybe another song bashing President Bush?). I was surprised by how abruptly it ended, it just stopped. Another Mike Shinoda drought on this song (I didn't hear a peep out of him), but other than that, its definitely my favorite song on the album since it reminds me why I became a Linkin Park fan to begin with.    \\"Valentine's Day\\" is another softer song, not surprising based on the title alone. People listening to this song will probably be able to name a dozen bands that sound just like this, not to say it's not a good song, but it does sound familiar. I do like the song and the second half is really good when it kicks into higher gear.     \\"In Between\\" is Mike's biggest song, and it's the first time he's ever just sung lyrics; there's no hip-hop coming from Mike on this song, it's just him out there singing. This is a softer song as well and it's very melodic. I like this song too, but again, it could easily be mistaken for a non-Linkin Park song, and unfortunately it's somewhat repetitive and easy to forget which part of the song you're at.     \\"In Pieces\\" reminds me of Reanimation a bit, it's got lots of sound effects and about three quarters of the way through the song guitars will come out in full force (similar to the slow build ups in Reanimation), and is another Chester-only song. This is a good song and is very active and it sounds like it has a guest singer behind Chester but I don't know who. This song had another abrupt ending.     \\"The Little Things Give You Away\\" has a very soft-singing Chester start things off. Things build up consistently throughout the song and there is another big guitar piece here. This is also VERY political based on the lyrics, mainly influenced by the events in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina. This is the longest song Linkin Park has ever done on an album clocking in at 6 minutes 25 seconds, and Mike is mostly absent from it until the second half. The tone and lyrics don't work with Chester though, it feels more like a song that should have given to perform by a diva. Final song of the CD.     Well, Linkin Park did accomplish one thing they laid out, and that's to totally change their sound. This is, for the most part, nothing like Hybrid Theory, Reanimation, or Meteora. It'll be easy to spot these songs on the radio based solely on Chester's voice, but aside from that these are quite different from previous songs. There are songs here which are hard rock for the Nu-Metal LP fans out there, and there are lotsof songs for people, like me, who have always enjoying LP's lighter and more lyrics songs like \\"My December\\" and \\"Numb\\". I really like \\"Shadow Of The Day\\", it's just a very enjoyable song and the sound is smooth with some great lyrical work from Chester.     I've only listened to the album about a half dozen times through and I'm still soaking up the meaning of the songs, and perhaps I've missed Mike's contributions on some songs, but I was still surprised by how little he seems to appear. On the previous albums I always enjoyed how LP mixed opposites, they'd have hard rock pieces with Chester and the hip hop element with Mike, I thought that formula worked. On this album however it's hard to guess where'd Mike will come in and what Chester will do. I guess you could say it's a more seamless sound in the songs. Also, I imagine Joe Hahn must have been bored out of his mind at times, there are very few instances of his trademark turntable work (\\"What I've Done\\" would seem to be his biggest song), but I'm sure he did lots of the artwork and that he'll be in charge of Linkin Park's music videos for this album as well.     One thing I was expecting based solely on the title was a kind of story being told throughout the album. When I heard the title would be Minutes to Midnight I thought it might be a build up to a huge song at the end, with a common meaning linking all of the songs together. But that's not present, and even though the last song is the biggest, there isn't a noticeable theme to the album. Three of the songs do have political contexts which are decidedly critical of the Bush administration, and while the members of Linkin Park are entitled to their opinion, I don't appreciate artists trying to shove a political statement in my face. I want to be able to just listen to a song and enjoy it, not to hear political propaganda. Besides, when the United States' involvement in Iraq is wrapped up (and when President Bush leaves office), those 3 political songs will lose their relevance and eventually people will begin to forget their meaning.     All-in-all this is an okay album with some enjoyable songs, and even though it's very different from previous efforts I'm sure real Linkin Park fans will come to love it while alienating other fans of the band at the same time. I hated Reanimation when I first listened to it, but it really grew on me and I think that's what might happen with Linkin Park fans when they first listen to Minutes to Midnight.
B001BKZDB4|5.0|I was amazed by the amount of extras on this 2-Disc DVD set. What a fantastic set--with over 5 hours of bonus material. The story is typically light-hearted fun as you would expect from this franchise. It's the last day of school, and all your favorite East High Wildcats are counting down the seconds for the final bell that tells them it's finally summer! The rousing opening song is \\"What Time Is It?\\" and gets the movie off to a high energy start. Troy (Zac Efron), Gabriella (Vanessa Hudgens), and the gang must get summer jobs; meanwhile, Sharpay (Ashley Tisdale) wants to get Troy a job at her country club, Lava Springs, so that he can sing with her at the talent show and become her new boyfriend. Unbeknownst to her, the club's manager, Mr. Fulton (Mark L. Taylor), has to hire the entire gang to get Troy...including Troy's girlfriend Gabriella. Sharpay does everything she can to break the two up, including setting Zac up with a sweet college scholarship. Can Zac resist?<br /><br />Visually, this movie is a technicolor feast that harks back to the Esther Williams/Busby Berkeley musicals of MGM. One of the most spectacular numbers if \\"Fabulous,\\" sung by Sharpay (Ashley Tisdale) as she lets everyone at the pool know that she has impossibly high standards. Her brother, played by Lucas Grabeel, is dolled up like Elton John and plays a pink piano in the shallow end of the pool while wearing a white tux with hot pink lapels. Definitely classic!<br /><br />Spec-wise, the DVD audio is a speaker blowing Dolby Digital 5.1 mix and the video is full-frame. Sure, for those with 16x9 or widescreen TVs it's a disappointment. However, this movie was originally shown on the Disney Channel, and as you can clearly see in the behind-the-scenes documentaries (as you look over the shoulder of the camera and see the framing), this movie was COMPOSED for full-screen, even though there was spillover frame to fill out a widescreen. Minor quibbling point...still a great piece of entertainment suitable for ALL ages.<br /><br />Now onto the extras...there's a ton! You get a great sneak-peak at High School Musical 3 (which will actually debut in theaters), which shows that the whole gang is back, along with three newcomers (looks like Sharpay may have some competition in the conniving department from the new girl). There are also some deleted scenes; although they were trimmed for the right reasons, one does explain a little bit of how Gabriela got to the Country Club for the talent show. Backstage Disney also gives you High School Confidential, an assortment of LOTS of featurettes such as:<br />*Manly the Dog: director Kenny Ortega's dog who has a featured spot in the movie as Sharpay's pampered pet.<br />*Sharpettes: Sharpay's sidekicks, featured in the \\"Fabulous\\" number<br />*Hilarious one about Ashley Tisdale; all her costars say she is like Sharpay, even though she protests. Very cute.<br />*Zac Factor: All about Zac Efron<br />*Special photo gallery where you can guess what baby photos match your fave HSM star.<br />*The Making Of \\"HUMUHUMUNUKUNUKUAPUA'A.\\"<br />*Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus is actually in HSM2; never knew that until I saw the featurette about her cameo!<br />*Cast Favorites: The stars dish (except for Zac who is not in this one) about their favorite singers, movie actors, desserts, and more.<br />*On Location - Visit the resort area of St. George, Utah<br />*In The Kitchen - Lucas Grabeel takes fans behind the scenes of the clubhouse kitchen set.<br /><br />In the Music & More section you get:<br />*Dance Along: follow along to the moves of \\"What Time is it?\\" and \\"All For One.\\" You'll be doing these dances in no time by following multiple camera angles.<br />*Music Video \\"All For One\\" - A special performance of the song is intercut with the cast recording session and behind-the-scenes footage.<br /><br />And lots more! All HSM fans should add this one to their collections!ages.    Now onto the extras...there's a ton! You get a great sneak-peak at High School Musical 3 (which will actually debut in theaters), which shows that the whole gang is back, along with three newcomers (looks like Sharpay may have some competition in the conniving department from the new girl). There are also some deleted scenes; although they were trimmed for the right reasons, one does explain a little bit of how Gabriela got to the Country Club for the talent show. Backstage Disney also gives you High School Confidential, an assortment of LOTS of featurettes such as:  *Manly the Dog: director Kenny Ortega's dog who has a featured spot in the movie as Sharpay's pampered pet.  *Sharpettes: Sharpay's sidekicks, featured in the \\"Fabulous\\" number  *Hilarious one about Ashley Tisdale; all her costars say she is like Sharpay, even though she protests. Very cute.  *Zac Factor: All about Zac Efron  *Special photo gallery where you can guess what baby photos match your fave HSM star.  *The Making Of \\"HUMUHUMUNUKUNUKUAPUA'A.\\"  *Hannah Montana/Miley Cyrus is actually in HSM2; never knew that until I saw the featurette about her cameo!  *Cast Favorites: The stars dish (except for Zac who is not in this one) about their favorite singers, movie actors, desserts, and more.  *On Location - Visit the resort area of St. George, Utah  *In The Kitchen - Lucas Grabeel takes fans behind the scenes of the clubhouse kitchen set.    In the Music & More section you get:  *Dance Along: follow along to the moves of \\"What Time is it?\\" and \\"All For One.\\" You'll be doing these dances in no time by following multiple camera angles.  *Music Video \\"All For One\\" - A special performance of the song is intercut with the cast recording session and behind-the-scenes footage.    And lots more! All HSM fans should add this one to their collections!
0061537934|4.0|I didn't want to like this book.  I had read the negative reviews, and of course, the book jacket, and thought it would be trite and contrived.  But........it grabbed me.  Enzo is a wonderful character, and his humans are as well.  Denny is driven, stoic, and fair and the analogies to racing ring true as life lessons.  I really enjoyed this book, and a good cry at the end was worth the trip.
B001B1T7BU|3.0|Disney remade their classic animated film of the same name 35 years after the original, as a live-action movie in 1996. The tale is familiar to most: two Dalmatians, Pongo & Perdy, bring their owners together. Roger (Jeff Daniels) and Anita (Joely Richardson) fall in love almost at first site when they meet in the park. They get married and their Dalmatians have puppies. Sounds like a lovely romantic tale, right? It would be if it weren't for Anita's boss, the evil Cruella de Vil (Glenn Close). Cruella is a fashionista who loves fur...and her latest desire is to own a coat made of Dalmatian fur. When she learns that Anita's dog has had a litter of 15, she sets her sites on them to make her desire come true. Anita & Roger turn down her offer, so she sends her bumbling minions Jasper & Horace (Hugh Laurie & Mark Williams respectively) to steal them for her.<br /><br />Does it equal the original? No, not really...but this is not a surprise. How could you top Marc Davis' animation of Cruella, one of the most memorable characters in animation history? Still, you have to give Glenn Close much credit for making Cruella her own...remove her and you have little reason to watch this film. With her fright wig and amazingly over the top costumes, Close truly comes close...she is an evil delight to watch as she barks orders (pun intended) and does everything in her power to make the fur coat a reality. Laurie (now starring in the hit series \\"House\\") and Williams are excellent as her bumbling henchman. The animals are also lots of fun to watch, as they often show that they are much smarter than their human counterparts.<br /><br />Note to parents: this movie is somewhat darker than the animated versions, with a few creepy scenes with the taxidermist. Nothing major, but still parents might want to be careful as Glenn Close's characterization is more frightening and nightmare inducing than her animated namesake.<br /><br />Sadly and surprisingly, there are no extras on this DVD other than a theatrical trailer. The widescreen (2:35:1) picture is excellent (enhanced for 16x9 TVs), and there is a wonderful Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround mix.<br /><br />Overall, an enjoyable film that is bumped up a few notches thanks to Glenn Close's performance.iler. The widescreen (2:35:1) picture is excellent (enhanced for 16x9 TVs), and there is a wonderful Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround mix.    Overall, an enjoyable film that is bumped up a few notches thanks to Glenn Close's performance.
0930289234|4.0|I never really got into superhero comics, and while Watchmen is quite a bit more sophisticated than most of the ones I've been exposed to, it indulges in enough of the genre's brash fantasy to keep me from being as excited about it as a lot of people are. That said, I did really enjoy it. Alan Moore's alternate 20th century is more interested in its (mostly) mortal heros' politics and relationships than their powers and gadgets, and through their trials, it asks some good questions about social reform and the complex nature of human conflict. It is literate, well-structured, rich with subtext, and strikingly rendered.
B000FFJYCU|4.0|Definitely a classic movie with classic actors.  Though dated, there is a fair amount of great racing in this movie.  The insight into the lives of race car drivers is quite intriguing.  My husband is a Formula-One fan, so it was fun to watch and recognize some of the famous racer names and the circuits.  This is not a \\"must have\\" movie, but it , all-in-all , is a good buy if you are a fan.
0307237699|5.0|The significance of this great book is that Barack is changing the way people feel about this ocuntry. He has given hope to people. Dr King would be very proud of him. He has trancended the race barrier and i find him very appealing both as orator and junior senator. He learns quickly from white, black, asian, or hispanic. He has all these bases covered in his family tree. It is easy to see why he relates so well to so many people.  While i did not always agree with John Carlos and Tim Smith and the black panthers i find i can give Barack my vote as president and i have come to trust him as i read this book and watched him on TV during the campaign season. He has a cool head and i think he will honestly help people. I liked the fact that he was a college professor in constitutional law. I like his academic abilities compared to the low achievements of McCain and Bush who made it on daddy's coat tails. Even if Obama loses the White House he has opened the door for others to try and given so much hope to all people. I thank him for this GEM of a book.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I can't speak for everyone, but I personally love this album, everything about it is great, from the intense \\"Airbag\\" right to the angst of \\"Let down\\",  to the epic filled \\"Paranoid Android\\", the simple yet depressing \\"No suprises\\" and the pink floydesque \\"Lucky\\" there is not a bad track here except maybe the \\"fitter happier\\" which I don't think really fits the album at all.     Aside from that, this album is beautiful and Gorgeous even though its very bleak in terms of lyrics, and the use of many minor chords does not set up for a easy listening album. It is beautiful in its textured and layered recordings, and Thom Yorkes voice croons like an angel with whom lost it's wings.  I simply love this album, I listened to it with an open mind thinking it would be too experimental or weird. That was not the case however, and I have listened to this album at least 50 times throughout.     I highly agree that you take a listen to this album before making your choice in terms of buying it... it is in my top 3 albums of all time easily.
0930289234|5.0|An absolutely fantastic read, even if you're not usually interested in \\"comic books.\\" The great artwork and a very compelling story will keep your attention from cover to cover. If you've caught the Watchmen movie trailer and it has peaked your interest, be sure to read the book first so you get the whole story instead of the edited and shortened Hollywood version. I can only hope the film lives up to this masterpiece.
B000001EGE|4.0|As one reviewer wrote of Elton's next album, \\"Don't Shoot Me...,\\" at that point in his career the brooding singer-songwriter Elton had \\"left the building,\\" but the fresh, new talented pop star Elton had taken his place, and the change would prove more than equitable going forward from there. Well, a few months earlier, with \\"Honky Chateau,\\" singer-songwriter Elton opened the door to that building and put his first foot through it on his way out, saying hello to his pop star alter ego making his entrance.  Gone were the darker, somber songs and arrangements, as well as the assembly of studio musicians. Elton put his creative foot down and insisted his road band play on the album, thus beginning the amazing run of the original Elton John Band that would garner so much praise and fandom during the next few years.  Elton and Bernie wrote their most funky stuff to date, and even if it wasn't all perfect, it was damn close. Rockers strutted and stolled, ballads such as \\"Rocket Man\\" (the first to get backing vocals by Davey, Dee and Nigel) were beautiful and more electric than previous works. Only \\"Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters\\" bore any resemblance to \\"Madman...\\" and earlier recordings, but even that was a departure for John & Taupin. Songs like \\"Amy\\" were completely out of the norm to that point; that tune and \\"Honky Cat,\\" \\"Hercules\\" and \\"Mellow\\" helped at last launch Elton as a recording \\"rock star,\\" to equal his already established concert reputation as a rocker.
0006151647|5.0|Arthur Koestler has called this novella \\"a minor masterpiece.\\" He writes, \\"[The use of the word 'minor'] was meant to refer to the small size of the book, and to the impression that although its theme was the ugliest tragedy in man's history, it was written in a nostalgic minor key\\" (Introduction, Fontana Books edition, 1977). Having now read this amazingly moving journey of a friendship, I can only agree with Koestler's assessment of this work as a masterpiece. Mr. Uhlman has keenly expressed the depth of friendship with all of its joys and fears. His descriptions reminded me of the beauty of Hesse's own romantic language: \\"...the Black Forest where the dark woods, smelling of mushrooms and the tears of amber-colored mastic, were threaded through by the trout streams with sawmills on their banks.\\" Mr. Uhlman has also deftly expressd the philosophical wanderings of two young men who attempt to find meaning in the world around them as their understandings are transformed because of the naturalness of their friendship. This terribly good story is not over-emotional, nor melodramatic. It conveys some seriousness and a touch of irony. This is indeed a marvelous--albeit brief--masterpiece.
0385340990|5.0|This is one of my favorite reads of the year. Part historical fiction, part women's fiction, and part literary fiction it tells the story of an author named Juliet who travels to Guernsey Island and meets the inhabitants just after the second World War. The characters are realistic, the author's journey is heart-warming, and the history of Guernsey Island is great. And all around good book.
0061148512|5.0|One might think that a novel about a young college woman's experience with madness in the mid-20th century would come across as dated or even quaint. On the contrary, as I read I found myself nodding emphatically, and even calling up friends to tell them about passages I'd read that were particularly familiar. This reaction emphasizes The Bell Jar's staying power after half a century; any ambitious young woman who has struggled with anxiety about their future, or felt like a square peg in society's round hole, will find themselves identifying with this novel.<br /><br />The story is heavy with the weight of the author's suicide; in fact, the novel is so close to Plath's own experiences that it wasn't published in the United States until after her death, as she was afraid of hurting the real-life people who were thinly veiled as characters in the novel. While the Bell Jar is an important novel in its own right, it will also give readers a more nuanced perspective on Plath's poetry.<br /><br />The Bell Jar sheds light on psychiatric care in the 1950's, under the stifling expectations of a woman's role in post-war America. The novel explores themes of feminism and mental health without being didactic; Esther's insights feel relevant and real today, while revealing much about the society in which Plath herself came of age. Some find heroine Esther Greenwood's descent into mental illness to be depressing, but I found her story to be ultimately life-affirming; Plath avoids nihilism by not merely focusing on Esther's breakdown, but also her recovery.<br /><br />You needn't have spent time under \\"the bell jar\\" (Plath's metaphor for the extreme anxiety and depression felt by the young protagonist) to appreciate this novel; Plath makes the workings of Esther's mind accessible and real. Plath's matter-of-fact style makes neurotic thoughts and suicide fantasies feel almost ordinary; Esther's struggles seem like a perfectly natural response to a world full of date hypocrites and phonies. Some readers may empathize more than others (a friend told me \\"it's like we all become our own version of Esther Greenwood while we're reading the book\\"), but it's difficult to be unaffected by what has become one of the most iconic novels about mental illness, feminism, and the youth experience.ay empathize more than others (a friend told me \\"it's like we all become our own version of Esther Greenwood while we're reading the book\\"), but it's difficult to be unaffected by what has become one of the most iconic novels about mental illness, feminism, and the youth experience.
1572816112|4.0|Not your typical tarot deck, and not a tarot deck for a beginner.  This deck uses darker and more challanging images, and reaches deeper into the psyche than the standard decks.  However, it is wonderful for the adventurous reader.
0671027344|5.0|My favorite book of all time. An extremely easy read, that you won't want to put down. The format is a little odd to get used to at first, but once you move past that, you can't help but relate with the main character and really connect and root for him.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|Absolutely great.  The movie is well done.  The content is amazing.  I loved experiencing some of the history of a great American Forefather and President that deserves more recognition then he gets.
B00144VBBS|5.0|I never realized I liked golf until I saw Tiger Woods play, so I tried It myself and became addicted to it. The same thing is true for Toby Keith and country western music. I now have started buting more and more country CDs from artists like Kenny Chesney, Allison Krause, Vince Gill and Marty Stuart all because of Toby Keith. I think the world of country owes as much to Toby as golf does to Tiger.
B000FZETKC|5.0|I chose to watch this movie because I am and always will be a Lea Thompson fan.  However, this movie became one of my all time favorites for a very different reason. I purchased it because I found Mary Stuart Masterson's performance absolutely captivating.  And, I probably would have hated the movie forever if she hadn't \\"gotten the guy.\\"  Her performance moved me in the deepest recesses of my heart!!!
0061245097|5.0|I have read so many \\"3\\"s lately that I was shocked to find a \\"5\\". This book was fun and fast paced. The cover fit the book content perfectly. Fans of Kim Harrison, Charlaine Harris, and early Laurell K Hamilton, will like this book. I particularly liked that plot could be enjoyed without the romance details. However, if you are looking for romance, which I am not, there is still plenty of it in this book.
B0011UJMK2|5.0|Tom Rob Smith's Child 44 is simply put, a great book.  It has it all:  suspense, history, character development, horror, and the list goes on and on.  Most importantly for my taste (and I presume many other readers'), this book is so well-written.  From the very beginning, Smith grabs you, and from that point on, there is no putting this book down.  I bought this book for my Kindle and my fingers couldn't stop clicking \\"next page\\", \\"next page.\\"  I'll liken the pace and excitment of the novel to Dan Brown's work, however, Smith does something Brown failed to do:  he took his time setting up the novel - and explaining how the characters' lives, relationships, and motives all intertwine.  All in all, this is a must read.  I look forward to more from Smith - if his second book is half as good as Child 44, it'll be great.
B000T9OP7G|4.0|As far as any spin-off from a very successful movie will go, this is a very impressive adaptation of the Terminator saga to the small screen. While it is true that there are not that many special effects, probably due to budget constraints, it does not matter that much. Indeed, the acting and the scripts make up for that. It is a fast-paced storyline about Sara Connor as she tries to escape from the terminators coming from the future to eradicate her and her son. They are being joined by the very pretty female robot who has also travelled back in time to help them. I did not know what to expect but this is very good and also rather inexpensive, so buy it!
B00121E0ZM|5.0|Loved the book but if you're using it because you already know the answer and are just trying to \\"leave that man behind\\"...then check-out burythejerk.com for the newest in relationship closures!
031606792X|5.0|I know a lot of people didn't like this book, but I LOVED it.  I'll admit it did end up a little too \\"tidy\\" in the end, but after all the conflicts that Edward, Bella, & Jacob have gone through in this series, they deserved a happy ending.  It was a fairytale story to begin with, so why shouldn't it end with happily ever after?    I personally thoroughly enjoyed watching Bella come into herself in this book.  It was nice to have her stand on her own two feet in the end and not have to have Edward or Jacob swoop in to save her.  I think Bella has always had a strong personality, but being surrounded by supernatural beings made her constantly look weak.  I didn't like the idea that my daughters might perceive the heroine as weak without a guy to come in and save the day.  I enjoyed watching her come around and save the day at the end.  I also didn't mind Jacob imprinting on Nessie.  There was obviously a connection between Bella and Jacob, and they were meant to be in each other's lives.  I really liked how that ended up.    I disagree with those reviewers that feel Stephenie is saying marriage at 18, a hot husband, a baby, and a little cottage in the woods equals the perfect life.  I know some parents may think that their daughters will get that idea from the book, but that's why it is important to make sure that this book opens up a good dialogue between moms & daughters.  They can get far worse ideas than young marriage from their peers at school.  Furthermore, when has Bella ever had it easy?  She's always had to fight to get to her happy ending, so I think she deserved it in the end.    And lastly, I LOVED the insight into Jacob's character in Book 2.  When I initially saw that the second book was Jacob's point of view, I groaned and wondered how I'd get through it.  I ended up LOVING it.  The banter between Rose & Jacob was hilarious.  I loved Jacob's sarcasm, and the chapter titles had me laughing the whole time.  It gave me a whole new feel for Jacob's character and after hating him through New Moon and Eclipse, I ended up loving him after all.    Personally, I think Stephenie wrapped this series up well.  I hope she gets back to work on Midnight Sun, because she's a phenomenal author.
B00001QEG5|5.0|Really, if you are a TS fan, this is a must have.  Wake up the sleeping giant is an anthem for any heavy metal fan.  TS needs to do a new greatest hits and include many of these songs on it.    The four bonus songs I can do without, but digitally remastered, it is simply great!!
B00065MDRW|5.0|While soaking in \\"Children of Men\\", I heard the long forgotten \\"Court of the Crimson King\\" used throughout the soundtrack for the film.  On a whim, I jumped online and purchased this album...and I was blown away. It's an album that would stand out even now if it were released tomorrow.  From beginning to end, you feel like you've found a diamond that someone put in the back of a closet and forgot about.  From \\"21st Century Schizoid Man\\" to \\"In the Court of the Crimson King\\" I found myself saying \\"how did I miss this?\\".  Not only that, when I heard \\"Moonchild\\", I went \\"they did that?, Woah.\\"  Needless to say, it's become a favorite overnight.  Well worth the purchase.
0525950079|5.0|Received promptly, in great condition, packaged well. Thank you.  Am still reading last book bought on Amazon.com.
015603283X|4.0|Like some other reviewers here, after seeing the Ninth Gate, I figured Roman Polanski, given his history, based it upon a well-written novel.  Googling led me The Dumas Club.    As usual the book's storyline went deeper than the film.  The clues to Irene Adler's true identity were much heavier yet more subtle than the film. Although, I'm still amazed that some readers never got the point that she was a female demon, a personification of the Harlot which was pictured on the last woodcut, where she's riding the Beast.  I thought that while the film didn't let on until the final scene of love making in front of the burning castle, the novel sprinkled hints throughout.  The most beautifully written scene was when Irene came to Corso's hotel room and her shadow cast across the bedcovers changed and mingled with the burnt remains of the second book, and embraced Corso's. If the reader didn't see what was happening here or what the author was shouting, they must be blind.    I gave it four stars because, frankly the screenplay was tighter and an improvement on the overall storyline.  The subplot and allusions or metaphors of Dumas' Three Musketeers muddled the pacing and the plot. They didn't move the story along but rather slowed it.  And like some have said it took away from that necessary dark terror that grew step by step until your belief and Corso's was finally suspended, and the dark evil that lay within the book became a real threat. I felt it was the writer's literary indulgence that was overdone.    While Perez's dialogue between Irene and Corso was spot on and laced with ominous subtlety, I felt the character Varo Borja could have come off a bit darker and menacing much earlier on in the book. But the main strength is that it was a great story concept.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|The songs are great!! sound is very very poor...     It sounds to me like all of the tracks were laid down properly, this is totally a mix and mastering issue accept for perhaps a bit to much gain on the guitar, but its hard to tell from all of the \\"edge distortion\\" goin on in the master. It almost sounds like both the mixing and mastering engineers forgot how to use a compressor.     The dynamics of the kick drum are all over the place, sounds like they stuck Beta 52s in the kick drums and said \\"this is great, we dont need compression or EQ!\\" The snare is a train wreck, Usually you try to remove the most unpleasent frequancies of a snare drum, but they decided to turn that part up... the worst part is I can hear the crashes in the snare mic!!! that is just gawd afull. I couldnt comment about the toms, I can barley hear them and when I can all I hear is the mastering distorion. The vocals are soo soo hollow, where are they? Did they track all the vocals with a Samson microphone through a behringer mic pre!? where is the vocal compression? Doubling? verb, delay? do something! Bass sounds like they took the DI and siad \\"we'll fix that s%*t in the mix\\" then forgot to fix it. I think without all the two buss clipping the guitars might be okay, but they are still not in the pocket.    So what do you do with a totally horrible mix?! You use massive ammounts of limiting and distort the f*$k out of it. Couldnt get any worse right? WRONG!! If the engineer who masterd this had any self respect he would have told them to go back and remix this train wreck before he took the job, but instead he turned bad in to horrible. Its possable that most of the mix issues could be fixed by a decent master, but in this case all of the worst has been brought out instead. I dont like to wish I'll will on people, but I hope I never hear another recording masterd by this guy. One of the first things a good mastering engineer checks for is \\"edge distortion\\"... Edge distortion is the cracking you hear when you phase reverse one of the channels and sum them into mono. This removes all of the information in the center of the immage revealing the massive ammounts of distortion masked by the wide sterio immage (good mixes and masters will not have this). Aparently this guy didnt give much of a crap about any of that. If there wasnt any edge distortion in the mix, he certanly had no trouble creating some. Dont get me wrong, I love a loud Mix/Master, but good grief. Go back to Full Sail and ask for a refund you noob!!    In conclusion, Metallca has finally stepped up to the request of the fans and put out some great rock and roll and you tards had to go and ruin it... GG!! Metallica Is the most popular rock band alive, they dont have to listen to anyone... The record company has no power over this band... matter of fact, Metallica doenst even need a damn record company accpet for distrubution. If James, Kirk and Lars didnt like this crappy mix, they could have stopped it from getting out. They could have gotten some good people on this mix, but they diddnt... Why Metallica, why would you let this happen!? Get me the master files and I'll fix this nightmare for you!     Josh Pechette
B00007AJGH|5.0|The quality of the film itself isn't in debate; this DVD is a very nice set for any fan. The special features are great, it comes with some nice touches like nice packaging and design. You can tell they put a lot of effort into it. It's not cheap or a cop-out in any way. I bought it for my boyfriend as a present and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for this movie.
B0018OAPAW|4.0|I like The Offspring, I think this album is a good effort. I don't think it will make the hardcore punks happy, I don't think it will stand out with the mainstream. It's a catchy album  but it loses me right about the fifth or sixth track. (And \\"Fix You\\" and \\"Rise And Fall\\" sound a little Green Dayish to me). Not bad though. It's something new to listen to.
B00000269G|5.0|Mr. Erroll Garner was a very talented pianist.  As I've said before, this man can groove with his hands (seemingly as if he had two left hands and a right hand!).  Erroll was my inspiration (and still is, although he's no longer with us).<br /><br />One point I failed to mention is that Mr. Garner loved to riddle his adoring fans by beginning a tune with an off-beat 60-second prelude.  With this live concert album (\\"Concert By The Sea\\"), you can actually hear the audience chuckling!  The man was a genius and played like one, too!<br /><br />My favorites on this CD is ALL songs!  I can't tune any of them off.  They all deserve a 10-star on the scale.<br /><br />Again, thanks to all the executives who (like me) treasure music by Mr. Erroll Garner and his trio/quartet.
B00132D808|5.0|Honestly, I like emo. But I like that Panic didn't make a follow-up that sounded like a Fallout Boy twin. Everyone keys in on The Beatle's influence but good music is good music. If you're looking for another Fever album, look elsewhere. Track 4 is the standout for me. Solid lyrics, my hats off to poetic genius.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'm not going to start off by saying that I'm the \\"biggest metallica fan\\" ever or any of that nonsense.  I enjoyed pretty much everything Metallica has put out to date, until st anger.  I enjoyed load, I enjoyed reload, s&m, garage inc.  So you can see that I am not one of the fans that think metallica \\"died with cliff\\" or \\"sold out before or after justice\\". To sum it up, this album is great.  Metallica returns to form, It's not as thrashy as say puppets or justice, but it feels like if one of those albums came out today they wouldn't be as good.  I like every song on this album, with st anger it seemed like they tried to hard, but here it works.  Great Job guys its glad to see you back where you belong, the top.
B000F1IQN2|2.0|Good grief, what a load. Get this: after Palestinian terrorists murdered a large group of Israeli athletes at the Olympics (this actually happened) the Israeli version of the CIA, the Mossad (according to Spielberg's pathetic mental gyrations) selected a small group of untrained assassins to locate and kill the terrorists, wherever they were. And oh! the anguish these assassins suffered! Vey is mier! Poor tortured souls they were! Murder most foul! Revenge--is this Jewish? Mammanyu! The only person who actually acts in this movie is the superb French actor Mathieu Amalric whom you may know from The Diving Bell and the Butterfly, is which he is stupendous. Congratulations to him for obviously not listening to a word Spielberg told him. Oh, and the musical score. To poop on.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Metallica has redeemed themselves with this album.  I was ready to write them off after St. Anger.    The songs are driving and well arranged.  People are bashing Rick Rubin's producing but I think it works great on this album.  It's a gritty almost distorted sound which is great.  It's 100 times better than the St. Anger production.  The guitar and drums sound awesome.    Metallica is back.
076781326X|4.0|We watched this with our whole family. Our kids range from 15 to newborn and everyone enjoyed it! The young actor who plays Oliver is absolutely wonderful! His voice is straight out of the Vienna Boys Choir! The songs will be in your head for days, especially Oom Pah Pah!! Anyway, the cast is great, and the movie is well done and fun! Enjoy.
B001FEA9QU|5.0|It's Metallica for god's sake, of course it's awesome. This is back to the roots my friends, long and loud. Enjoy!     The vocals are more in line with St. Anger. A very raw feel. The lyrics, again like St. Anger, are more poetic. If you like the rhythmic \\"rhymes\\" of today's pop you won't enjoy the crude blasts of tomes from James.     Musically, it is a hard driving Metallica but with a richer/fuller sound than on the last album. Reminiscent of Justice but less orchestral like Master of Puppets. Repeatable riffs are quite prevalent (think Blackened). The pop-ish \\"Day that Never Comes\\" is the worst track by far. DON'T judge this album by that song. Amazon samples are nice, but you have to hear the 9+ min Suicide and Redemption to appreciate it's power. Most tracks are back to the days of longer songs, no real chart toppers, just good old fashion head banging.     I think Bob Rock took them to a very good place; it was the right evolution for Metallica at the time. But they got a little too far away with St. Anger and Rick Rubin has brought them back. This translates into a great touring opportunity - they already do 3 hour shows...with more 8 minute tracks - they'll have to play all night. :-)
B0001ZX0OW|1.0|What a horrible story.  There was no satisfaction watching this movie.  It was a very poor piece of storytelling.  I won't even dare look at the book.  It was long.  It was slow.  It felt like nothing was happening.       The actors and actresses in this movie, while great in many others I've seen them in, were just pitiful.  The awful Brooklyn accents were probably the best thing in this movie (I absolutely loathed the accents).  Seriously, have any of them listened to someone from Brooklyn?  In a word, the accents were butchered.     The movie is replete with pointless red herrings.  When you finally learn what really happened...what a huge letdown!  I expected more.  I don't want to spoil anything (actually, I do, just so no one bothers with this junk), but it was seriously ridiculous.     Like I said before, there is no satisfaction watching this movie.  It will not make you feel good.  It does not give you any sense of hope or closure that things are all right.  Basically, this movie portrays the fact that life is full of Hell and we're all just jacked for being here.      Why would anyone consider this worthwhile?  Perhaps it resembles life as it really is.  But who in the world wants that?  We create and listen and read and watch stories to escape the horrors of this world.  There are no morals we learn at the end.  There is no brighter tomorrow.  There is no land of the rainbow, mostly because the rainbow would be jacked up in this movie.  The bad guys would tear it to bits just because it was in their way.     They call it Mystic River.  Mystic, because any semblance of decency is beyond our understanding; River, because that's where this junk belongs.  So, if you're looking to rip your hair out, watch this movie.  I can't even fully describe the taste of bile lingering in my mouth after seeing this.      Awful.  Putrid.  Vile.  Filth.
B000G6BM00|5.0|I have a few things in mind when I review a movie and unlike the professional critics it has nothing to do with artistic merit or who won the oscar.  What makes this film great is...<br /><br />1) It is one of the best if not THE best of the genre<br />2) It WILL make you tense and put you right in the action<br />3) It has strong replayability<br /><br />Buying a DVD is a luxury for me so I make sure that it is a damn good film before I hit the 'buy' button.  Aliens is a classic movie that will be with you for years and you will find yourself watching it over and over again.  This is probably one of the top 10 DVDs I own.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Let me start off by saying that I hold Metallica in high regard and that I love Metallica.     That being said, the album is produced (or mixed, or mastered, I am not an audio-engineer) SO bad that it makes my headphones look like they are broken and my floorstanders like they're cheap toys. I caught myself willing to turn DOWN the volume as opposed to UP. The sound in general is tiresome, boring and downright obnoxious.    Why did Metallica allow this? Why did they settle for this kind of butchering? Are Lars, Rob, Kirk and Jaymz gone deaf themselves? Don't they have any affinity with how their music comes off the disc? Aren't they involved in the process? Don't they have a say? I simply cannot imagine James being happy about how his guitar sounds on this album. I cannot imagine Lars being happy about the sound of his drums.     If you think this is an exaggeration (because you own the album as well) I dare you to grab Master of Puppets, turn it up to a good volume, and focus on not what you hear, but HOW you hear it. Then, after you've got the image, don't alter volume on your amp and give Death Magnetic a whirl and focus again on the sound. If you sincerely cannot hear how awful Death Magnetic sounds, there's something wrong with your ears. If that's the case, don't worry, rip the album to your harddrive and check out the waveform (or do a \\"check for clipping\\" with your wave editor). One massive clipping block.    In my opinion, this disc is simply a defective product. Clipping (and overcompression, in a way) is kinda the exact opposite of audio. I don't like to pay for defective products.
B00005221L|4.0|You get what you paid for in this movie...big guns, big muscles and one ugly alien.  If you are looking for a 'fine film' this isn't for you, but if you are looking to lose yourself in a gory, bullet ridden testosterone fest you have come the the right place.  This is an entertaining film with a high level of replayability.  It is well worth the price because you will watch it again and again.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Listen, we all love/hate/love Metallica, some love Metallica more and some hate Metallica more, but you have to agree that this album (CD) is something we'd come to expect from the metal gods themselves.  Comparing this album to Master of Puppets or Kill 'Em All makes no sense.  Listen to this album as a stand alone work of music, and you will appreciate it moreso for having done that.  No, not all of you will like it, but I love it and I am one of those Metallica fans that doesn't judge them merely by how they played and wrote in the past, but rather how the evolved.  The first two tracks caught my attention, \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" and \\"The End of The Line.\\"  I had to repeat play these two tracks a few times before I could even move onto the other tracks on the album they were so good!  Kirk is definitely heard on these tracks!      BOTTOM LINE:  Buy it 'cause it's only $10 on average everywhere, so that's about $1 per song and it's pure Metallica...it's that simple folks.
B000ZD1N26|5.0|Im very happy with this product. I got a great deal and prompt shipping. The item is in great shape and works fine. I will buy from this seller again. Thank you,    Alicia Mott
B001FEA9QU|5.0|Without a doubt better than anything Metallica has done since the Black Album.  The songs are long but never linger, the riffs are fast and complicated, and there's no black-hole of a weak link.  Listen to it from start to finish.  Is it as good as their 80's material?  Only time will tell.  But right now, Death Magnetic is a furious thrill ride that will leave your heart racing.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|This album has been hyped to a ridiculous extent and is being hailed by some as a return to the AJFA days.  I will give Metallica this - they tried, they really did but I'm afraid this is much more a return to a Black Album/Load hybrid than the glory days.  There are lots of riffs (most of which are forgettable) and the songs go on far too long.  The playing is not as tight as the first 4 albums and James' vocals still drift to the country vibe that plagued everything post Black Album.  There are a few good songs, my favorites being Cyanide and My Apocalypse but overall this album is just OK.  Lot's of people will surely love it and lots will not.  For most of us that soured on Metallica, Inc. years ago this just doesn't quite measure up.
B00008973A|5.0|I loved this movie when it was first released. It is not shown on tv or cable enough. I have been looking for it on and off. I was glad to see it on Amazon.com and for this price. What a great find and on DVD! I ordered it and received it in three days. My sister and I have watched it three times already. We loved the acting by Michael Douglas and those trying out and the music and songs are classic
0307388840|4.0|I am a big fan of the movie. I enjoyed the book -beautifully written- however the tragedy of the story was almost too much for me to read. Everything is so much more vivid in print. It is one of the few times where I actually preferred the movie.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is what should have been the follow up to Justice. Considering this album is 20 years later and after
0066620996|1.0|I did not finish this book. Many may argue reviewers should not review books that they have not read entirely, but I think it would ultimately benefit potential readers if even those who started books reviewed them. Maybe then Amazon book reviews would not be so skewed to 5-star reviews. Now on to why I did not like this book.    As a former management consultant, I appreciated the techniques the author used to make what he was saying sound important such as using fancy charts and graphs and writing in business lingo with little substance. The author also sets the stage by self-aggrandizing. In the first page he ruminates about how much someone would have to pay him in order not to publish the book. Apparently even 100 million dollars would not stop him from publishing his work. Now if this were a truly amazing book and research, why not let the readers decide instead of telling them how great it is going to be? Mr. Collins is smart, however. He knows self-aggrandizing works. Human beings fall for those pretensions all the time. Sales people use those strategies all the time. I don't believe that the author is trying to deceive readers and I am sure he genuinely believes his own material. \\"The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool.\\" (quote by physicist, Richard Phillips Feynman).    Collins looks at 11 companies that have achieved success and tries to explain what drove them to that success. This is a meaningless exercise. Every situation is unique and more importantly it has little application to the real world. If it did, then why hasn't he been able to predict the future successful companies and become rich by investing in them? If you are not convinced by my review, consider this: one of those \\"good to great\\" companies that is studied in the book is Fannie Mae. Enough said!    Addendum (2/21/09): Circuit City is another one of his companies
0694003611|5.0|Goodnight Moon is a delightful book and a wonderful addition to any child's book collection. As a little girl, it was mine and my sister's favorite book. Having just announced her pregnancy to the family, we've all commented that Goodnight Moon will surely be read to my sister's little one often. In fact, the baby will probably end up with more than one copy!     The rhythmic text detailing a nightly routine reassures little ones as they prepare for slumber that all is well. Read before bedtime, the simplistic nature of the book enables even very young children to remember the story and relate to the little bunny's experience. Goodnight Moon helps children realize that bedtime is normal and routine and nothing to be anxious about. I remember saying goodnight to some of my toys and knowing then that it was ok to fall asleep. It's just a wonderful book that I highly recommend.
0307386171|1.0|As always McEwan writes very well but as often his material is uninteresting and even dated.  The only saving grace of the book (which is more like a novella), and the only reason I even finished it, is that you can read it in under two hours.  McEwan seems to have fallen prey to the unfortunate fate of many famous authors (and rock stars); he is too isolated from the realities of daily life that he is lacking in good ideas on which to use his outstanding talents.
B000QXDED6|4.0|The 300 is a loosely based adaptation of an event in 480 B.C between Sparta and the Persian Empire known as the Battle of Thermopylae. As the Persian empire expands into Sparta and Greece led by Xerxes. A Spartan king, Leonidas led his 300 highly trained Spartans along with his allies marched up to defend the invasion. Each Spartans knew their fate before hand but still chose to go.     This movie is quite impressive, despite the special effects that at times looks animated, it blends well with the environment and its actors. The movie explains a little bit about Spartan culture...A harsh and extreme culture based on military might. Bred and trained from birth to be killing machine. At the age of 7, a male's military training begins.     If you love Braveheart or Gladiator than this is the movie for you. It is not a chick flix movie even though ladies would love these half naked muscular men running around for 2 hours hacking away.     Good:     Extremely violent with lots of body parts flying, lots of action, a bit nudity, and a few sex/rape scene. Definitely not for young children. I don't know why there were kids as young as 10 years old were there at the theatre. How do these parents explain to their kids when the sex scenes were taking place. Parents these days needs to be more responsible.     The movie was not filmed like a history movie like Braveheart or Attila. It is over-the-top extreme comic book action movie. When I watched this movie, I was wondering did this event took place in history or DC Comics. Extreme over exaggeration. Rhinos and Elephants are the size of Dinosaurs. Some humans look beast-like from Lords of the Ring. Ninja looking elite forces with non human faces. King Xerxes is a king, different from any other king ever portray in movies. This movie is different from any other movie that I have ever seen before. A lot of mixes between reality and animation and they are not shy about it. It is mixed together to make this movie different but somehow it seems to work. It gives it an edge over others.           Bad:     There really isn't anything really bad. Definitely could improve though.   The story is line is decent even though the characters were rushed. The main focus really was on King Leonidas and few of his top people. If you love Braveheart or Gladiator than this movie is for you. It is not as indepth as Braveheart was but good enough to get you by. This movie would have been better if they added another hour to the movie to developed a deeper story and deeper characters. Even though I knew who they were, there wasn't an attachment to any of the characters. When I first watched Braveheart, I rooted for William Wallace to the bitter end, hoping that his fate would be different, hoping that someone would come rescue him and he be free again to win his war against England. I felt Wallace's pain and suffering. In the 300, I was in it for the action, nothing more. I was just waiting for the next head chopping. Didn't matter who died.     Overall, most of my male friends and male co-workers rate this movie top 3 best action movie of all time. Many female friends agree that it's a great movie too. It's good to see a movie tailor for real men again. Hacked away. This is a no-brainer movie. It's all about hacked and slash.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'm a huge Metallica fan.  Been listening to this album for nearly two weeks, and it only seems to get better every time I listen.  This is a true return to form!
0061122416|1.0|After reading all the great reviews I thought this book might be engaging/interesting/enlightening. Boy was I wrong. After reading on and on and on about all these strange terms I was expecting some type of revelation or meaning to present itself; but instead, it was a frustrating and pointless read. A major play of words without any real substance.    In addition, the story itself was boring and juvenile with no development of the characters (I had no picture of who they were and did not care what happened to them).    I can't comprehend anyone who's read other books giving this 5 stars.     The other one star reviews are right on...
B000002LCK|5.0|If there's a New Order album deserving to be part of any essential albums ranking ever, it would have to be this one. A bit underproduced, perhaps too much austere for such a great release, the music still deserves the full 5 stars with no doubt.<br /><br />Greatest Hits and Singles compilers from today should learn from the past by checking how this became probably the best ever out from New Order's discography, without having to spice it up with \\"new\\" releases that do not bring up anything new at all.<br /><br />The perfect introduction to New Order for any newcomer, and always a pleasure for a commited fan.<br /><br />A hit singles album like no one do anymore nowadays.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This Is A Pretty Good Cd-It Is A lot Better Than Their Last Effort St. Anger. People Keep Comparing This Cd To Their Early Cd's, Saying It's Not As Good As This, Or As That. Of Course Not Those Cd's Were Put Out When Metallica Was In Their Heyday, And Don't Forget Our Ears And Minds Were  In There Heydey To . None Of Us Can Do Things As Good As We Used To ! So To Make It Short Having All Their Prior Releases, Is This There Best ? No ! Is This There Worst ? No ! If You Are A Metallica Fan Will You Enjoy This Cd More Than Most Of The Crap Modern Bands Are Putting Out ? Yes ! So Buy The Cd, Sit Back, Toke It Up & Relax Remembering When, And Quit Picking Apart Everything You Don't Like !!!!!!
B001CVCB9O|5.0|In their 6th CD Calexico does not disappoint.  Joey Burns gets better and better, Jacob Valanzuila is an incredible talent, the band's performance as a whole is flawless.  And they bring in the very best guest performers.  This CS is second only to seeing them in live performance, an experience which is a must for any music lover.  Great depth in this music.
0312360266|1.0|I am so disappointed! I cannot believe how closely the Casts are copying Harry Potter with a vampire (aka Stephenie Meyers) twist! Zoey= Harry Potter- the new student with special powers. The twins, Stevie Ray, and Damian= Hermione and Ron. Aphrodite and her clan= Draco Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle. With many similar plot lines to HP, it's unoriginality and sub-par text is beyond aggravating. I can't believe I wasted any money on these books. If you feel inclined to read these books, get them from the library so you can easily return them without putting a dent in your wallet.
B001FEA9QU|1.0|I bought the digital MP3 version of this album from Amazon. I keep noticing sudden changes in volume, usually right near a part where a new \\"track\\" kicks in (by \\"track\\" I mean the guitar track, the vocal track, etc.). I thought maybe my Media Player was doing some sort of volume leveling, but I made sure that was turned off.<br /><br />For example:<br /><br />In That Was Just Your Life, there is a noticable volume drop at 0:44 (just before guitars start).<br /><br />In Unforgiven III, there is a volume drop at 3:55 (just before vocals start).<br /><br />It's most noticeable if you listen to the previous 20 seconds or so to get used to the normal volume, and then you'll suddenly perceive that the volume has been turned down a bit.<br /><br />I've seen references online to problems with the mixing quality, but I thought it had only to do with the pre-release songs or that maybe it was done deliberately to encourage people to buy the final release. But now I'm wondering if they pushed this thing out the door without even fixing the sound problems.<br /><br />Now I'm noticing it more and more, all over the place. Like the volume knob is constantly being turned up and down, but only very slightly and sometimes very slowly. Am I losing my mind? Is this a problem specific to Amazon's MP3 version?
B000000H3Z|5.0|At this point in the evolution of Sepultura, the band had already released two full-fledged albums(Morbid Visions & Schizophrenia). While 'Morbid Visions' is your typical sub par produced death metal album, 'Schizophrenia' went up a peg on the production factor and overall musicianship; Max Cavalera & co. included their influence of American and European thrash into the album, a choice that would later lead to their defining sound heard in 'Beneath the Remains'.<br /><br />'Clarity', a term not really adored by Metal Heads, but in this case it was actually a  high note in Sepultura's catlogue. The instruments, Max's grunt/'war cry' and overall sound of the album sets it apart from their previous efforts. The lyrics, consisting of self power, evil doings, government corruption and destruction, still utilize the same Sepultura formula we're used to-'Pure Anarchy'. Their next album, 'Arise' was along the same vein as 'BTR'; incorporating more of the indigenous tribal tone, a common Sepultura reference, and merging varying styles of music(Hardcore,Punk,Industrial)with their sound.<br /><br />Highly recommended album in the Death/Thrash Metal scene. If you don't have this album, purchase it. Definite 5 outta 5.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|This is a great product and one of the greatest series for television ever done.  But, considering it has been two years since it went off the air, I think the discount price on the collection could be better.
B0018AK9RA|5.0|Awesome! Excellent through and through.  Rob halford's voice gives me the chills.  Sands of Time, Pestilence and plague, Death, and Peace is a non-stop great ~18 minute stretch of music.  I don't understand those that are angry at Judas Priest for the change.  They've been playing metal for 34 years now and i see nothing wrong with a change of pace.  It's not as if they sold out. A++
B00192KCQ0|4.0|\\"Death Magnetic\\" couldn't be just another Metallica album. It had to be the Metallica album to many, to make up for lackluster efforts on their previous release \\"St. Anger\\". So what is Death Magnetic, in comparison to other Metallica albums how does it hold?!<br /><br />  Rest assure the album is great, the guitars are kickin' it into over drive with blistering solos once more. The production isn't too bad, but I expected more from Rick Rubin. Some of Kirks solos are a bit skimpy this tie around, but at least they are quite long. Lars found a loop he's is sticking too, again a bit repetitive, but not frustratingly bad (like St. Angers steel drums). Newcomer Robert had some rather large shoes to fill, Cliff being the original bass legend for the band, Jason being the bassist when Metallica peaked in sales. Rob does a great job, and really shows up in the songs more predominantly then Metallica enabled Jason to do his first time (check out \\"And Justice For All...\\").<br /><br />  Overall the songs are much harder and 'nuttier' then previous 90's releases such as \\"Load\\" and \\"Reload\\". The songs have an arrangement that feels closer to their 80's works. While that'd normally be amazing to me, it also feels alittle dry at times. The album truly can be found as their missing link between AJFA and the \\"Black Album\\". Really good to know the band can kick it still.<br /><br />Overall 4/5, if James was capable of his old singing it'd be a no brainer<br />5/5. Great job Metallica, redemption was cutting your way.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Like many of you I have been a fan of Metallica since \\"Kill'em All\\" when they would be played on the local radio's Heavy Metal Show. I was dissapointed with St. Anger for it's lack of focus but I understand what they were doing. This record is a return to form and I love the overall feel and passion they have brought back to the table. This is the record that should have followed up the \\"Black Album\\". That being said many of you have pointed out the issues with the mastering and I agree. At first I thought it was just a defect in the ITunes download but now I see it is the actual production of the record. Then I thought back to what Rick Rubin did to the Red Hot Chilli Peppers and I remember that their records had this same issue at high volumes but it isn't as noticeable. I still suggest that everyone go out and buy this record because it is a true return to form for a band that works very hard for their fans but I caution you that you will hear the distortion at high volumes.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This is one of the best historical mini-series I have ever seen.  The man and his time are brought to life.  Great DVD package!
0634049011|5.0|I have been fascinated by the guitar for over 20 years. As such, I have built up a large library of lessons in various forms. This workbook has pulled many concepts that I have found in disparate sources and coalesced them into one place. My only slight criticism is that the basic music theory involved with learning the fretboard is not in as much depth as I would like. Consequently, I understand some of the confusion noted in other reviews. I encourage beginners to stick with it because being able to break free of the tyranny of the first position will inspire you to further heights no matter what musical style you play. My recommendation for more in-depth music theory for guitar would be the Guitar Grimoire series by Adam Kadmon. Example: [[ASIN:082582897X The Guitar Grimoire- A Notated Intervallic Study Of Scales]]
B0018QPPXW|5.0|One of the real gems of this new 25th Anniversary DVD set is \\"The Dream is Always the Same\\": The Story of Risky Business. This documentary provides great insight into all the hurdles Risky Business encountered on its way to the silver screen, with interviews with all the main cast members and Paul Brickman.    The other great addition to this 80's classic is the original ending that Paul Brickman wanted the audience to see in the film.  The original ending, as shot by Brickman, had Joel Goodsen being shown as the strong one and Lana the weak one.  However, the studios wanted a happier ending and changed it before it was sent to theaters.
1592332803|5.0|I cannot recommend this book highly enough for anyone who enjoys baking and eating scrumptious baked goodies. The author covers everything from breads to cookies to candies to beverages. The layout is fabulous, the instructions easy to follow, and the recipes are delectable. Lots of suggestions included about how to convert (easily) traditional recipes into vegan recipes, how to stock your pantry, and how to change up the recipes according to your tastes. The last thing I'll comment on is how much I enjoyed reading the author's words about choosing a vegan lifestyle and all the tips & food lore generously scattered throughout the book. Oh, and I do not follow a vegan diet although I am moving in that direction. This cookbook definitely will make the transition joyful and seamless.
0385340990|5.0|I had heard about this book via Entertainment Weekly, and devoured it in the course of one afternoon. Each of the characters is written so vividly they seem to leap out from the letters they wrote, and a reader has no hesitation but to join them in their journey.  The story of this brave band of friends, joined by a little-known love of reading and the quest for life during and after the Nazi occupation of the Channel Islands, will make you laugh and smile and cry as you play witness to their tale.<br /><br />It is a tragedy that such a wonderful author's voice has been silenced (Mary Ann Shaffer died before the book was finished, and her niece completed the tale.) before we could enjoy more of her work.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This album is very good.  On the first listen I liked all but one song, Unforgiven III.  I was blown away.  I think I thought Unforgiven III was just unnecessary, but it is quite different from the other two and really grows on you.  It's a good song.    This album is a great blend of the style of the first 4 Metallica albums with some Black Album influences.  If you like this album, you definitely should explore the first five Metallica albums (Kill 'Em All, Ride the Lightning, Master of Puppets, ...And Justice For All, and Metallica.)  Garage Inc is worth picking up too.      Death Magnetic is hard-rocking throughout but not too over-the-top.  Not too fast, not too slow, but definitely heavy and sounds great.    I normally just buy MP3s but this is one CD I wanted to put on my shelf.  It has an interesting cover design, there is a 20 or so page booklet in front with lyrics.  The coffin shape is cut out of each page  in progressively smaller sizes.  So it looks like the coffin is an inch or so deep, nice effect.
B0006J28BO|5.0|Most reviewers seem to count this as a rather mediocre Studio Ghibli effort.  Oddly though, it's my favorite (well, tied with both Howl's Moving Castle and My Neighbor Totoro).  I really enjoy the fairy-tale feel of this movie; it has a heavy dose of fantasy elements that really keep you from getting bored.  I also found the characters to be cute and funny (especially Muta).  I've watched The Cat Returns several times already, and it just never gets old.  Thus, the creators did a very good job of keeping the story lively and imaginative enough to keep the viewer interested.  For example, there's a scene where Haru (the protagonist) is being transported to the Cat Kingdom while riding on the backs of several cats. It's a very visually interesting scene, as well as being an imaginative mode of transportation.    Another aspect I love about this movie is the pacing - there is never a dull moment.  When I watched Whisper of the Heart (The Cat Returns is a spin-off of that movie), I kept feeling that about 1 hour of the 2 hour movie could've been cut out.  That's part of the reason that I love The Cat Returns so much; there isn't any parts of the movie that feel like they are just \\"filler\\".  Furthermore, this is a truly family-friendly movie, as I did not notice any objectionable material at all.  So, this is a good one to show the children.  Plus, it's entertaining enough that adults will enjoy it too.  Overall, I highly recommend The Cat Returns.  I loved it (though I may be biased because I love cats), you might love it too.    P.S.- This movie includes a nice and lengthy making-of segment, and a featurette on the voice actors.  There's also some trailers (of course) and a storyboard (does anyone watch those?).  Personally, I was greatly pleased with the \\"making-of\\" part because it's really interesting.  So, that's just one more reason to get this movie!
B00002SSKI|3.0|Now and Then is a coming-of-age tale following the lives of four pre-teen girls. This film mostly takes place in the past rather than the present, this film should've been called Then and Now. Christina Ricci and Gaby Hoffman have the best character development and depth. Demi Moore is the only adult character that seems affected by past hurts and trials from her childhood. Melanie Griffith continues to play the bimbo, she is so much smarter than that! Good film but not a home run.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|The Good News is that finally, after 17 years, Metallica has released an album. James decided to play guitar riffs again, and the band remembered what metal is. Super.    Inevitably, fans will forever compare their work with the glory days of Ride, Puppetz and Justice. This album has many elements not heard from them since those releases, although it creates a different sort of sound. Death Magnetic is full of machine-gun riffage, loads of changes and relentlessly long songs, alot like Justice. But go back and listen to that album though after hearing a few tracks from DM, and you hear a whole different level of energy and presence that just isn't captured on this latest release. It can sound a bit dull in comparison--something is missing.    The one real dissappointment on this album is the production. Are producers and bands still going for some post-grunge thing, where the instruments and mix are supposed to sound coarse? It sounds like they mastered it by running it through a distortion pedal. It is so compressed (have a look at the waveform for That Was Just Your Life), the guitars have that nasty edge on them that James has always remarked he tries to avoid, and the bass is almost non-existent through the whole program. Lars' snare often seems louder than James' vocals.  It's still listenable, but slightly annoying.    Overall, it's a Metallica release, and its great to see the boys do what they do best again, instead of thumb their nose at it. Fav tracks: That Was Just Your Life, The Day That Never Comes, My Apocalypse.    Cheers
1574535811|5.0|This book is phenomenal. It adds a whole new level to nutrition. It's so fantastic because the book is all about the research that has been going on about diet/animal protein for decades. It isn't some guy who wrote a whole book on some misinterpreted info from ONE research project and is out there just to make money.   Campbell doesn't tell you to stop eating animal protein directly and inform you of any new capsules or special diet package that he just so happens to market and sell himself; he shows you the facts. But it isn't all dooms-day negative either. The book is filled with case study after case study of people who have completely gotten over their heart disease issues, diabetes, etc. just by changing their diet and becoming a little more active. This isn't just theoretical.   This book is essential for anyone at all going into a healthcare profession, but is definitely something important for everyone to read as well. No matter what you have heard or read, this book is a magnificent insight into the way people eat and our health as a result and what you can do to change that.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Metallica is back with the intensity they had before the black album making it the best album of the year!!!  Every song is so cutting all the way through that I broke a sweat because I couldn't put down my air guitar down.  Don't wait, don't stutter, get it!!!!
B00197X140|5.0|I've been a long-time fan of this band, so I couldn't wait for new acoustic takes on these songs.  If you're a huge fan of the band it's a must buy.  If you're a new fan, this may be a good starting point.  You get a taste of their older songs plus an idea of the soundscape for their new material( last track is a new composition).  Songs like Angelica sound great in this acoustic setting.  Overall, this may seem like a greatest hits release for some, but the new arraingments and sound production are breathtaking.  Highly recommended!
B00005V3Z4|4.0|-This review was written in conjunction with the standard edition of the DVD, not the 2-disc Director's Cut-    2001 was a year full of outstanding films, but one film stood out from all of the others for its sheer inventiveness, its brilliant vision, and its director's ambition. No, I'm not talking about The Lord of the Rings (although, my previous statement could easily be applied to that film as well). Richard Kelly's feature debut film as a director, Donnie Darko, is a fascinating science fiction drama. The film looks at the life of a troubled `80s teen named Donnie Darko, who suffers from blackouts, sleepwalking, and bizarre hallucinations. The film features an awesome [[ASIN:B0002XMF2G soundtrack]] (which is unfortunately unavailable on Amazon.com) and some nifty camerawork and visual effects. Since its initial release, Donnie Darko has developed a loyal fanbase across the globe, especially in the U.K. where the film first achieved its cult classic status.    The story tells us of an emotionally troubled teenager, Donnie Darko, who begins having hallucinations (or are they) of a man in a rabbit costume. The man refers to himself as simply Frank, and he warns Donnie that the world will end in 28 days. Meanwhile, Donnie's family struggles with his peculiar behavior and his general disregard for their feelings. After meeting a new girl at school named Gretchen, Donnie seems to find new purpose in life, but his blackouts become more severe. During these episodes he vandalizes the school and even burns down his neighbor's house. Soon Donnie discovers that he and everyone around him are being manipulated by a mysterious force, the Deus ex Machina (roughly translated this means God of the Machine). If Frank's prediction is right and the world were truly to end, the sky to open up, and the universe torn apart, could anyone or anything stop it? This is the ultimate challenge of Donnie Darko. Can he save the world from oblivion?    The film features an all-star cast including Jake Gyllenhaal, Jena Malone, Drew Barrymore, Beth Grant, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Mary McDonnell, Holmes Osborne, Katharine Ross, Patrick Swayze, and Noah Wyle. The film's director, Richard Kelly, proves himself to be one of the most extraordinary up and coming filmmakers.    For a greater understanding and appreciation of this film, I also recommend the following:  [[ASIN:1577315936 The Hero with a Thousand Faces]]  [[ASIN:193290736X The Writers Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers]]  [[ASIN:0553380168 A Brief History of Time]]  [[ASIN:B000WC3864 The Evil Dead]]  [[ASIN:B00003CX9Q E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial]]  [[ASIN:B001AEF6CM High School Flashback Collection]]  [[ASIN:B00006AL1E Back to the Future - The Complete Trilogy]]  [[ASIN:1559409037 The Last Temptation of Christ]]  [[ASIN:B000RZIGUE Stephen King Gift Set]]
B00192KCQ0|4.0|So I listened to the album, and to me it sounds a lot like ...And Justice for All. True on Justice, the guys were hitting their 20's and made much better music than someone turning 50 in a couple of years. Yes 50, they not 20 anymore...lets see what you do when your 50! So all in all, age aside, if you like ...Justice then there's a pretty good chance you'll like this. Yes there is clipping in the music, but there's clipping in ...Justice also. Don't listen to those people that claim to be \\"fans\\" but hate everything Metallica has made since their self titled album. If you're a true Metallica fan, then you will like most of this album and most everything the band will continue to put out.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|First off, being from the Bay Area, I have been around for their whole career and still own both Kill em All & Ride the Lightening on Megaforce records before Electra signed them in 85.  This is the first Metallica release I have purchased since 1991 (and that album sucks--sold back eons ago.)  For a bunch of whiny forty soemthings now this is probably the best we could have hoped for.  The songs are long, meandering and at times blistering.  Thumbs up as Kirk has about 20 years of pent up fury that he releases here.  Of course, the years of iconic radio stardom is still felt here so most of the songs have a radio friendly hook or chorus.  Don't expect Ride the Lightening or MOP here, those days are gone as they are all fat rich guys now instead of hungry, pissed off kids.  BUT (as they say, it is all bull***t before the but!) they have released an album worth owning as I listen to it right now.  Don't listen to the geeks w/ no girlfriends whining about the sound; it sounds just fine (although I do agree with one fella who said Rick Rubin ruined Slayer's sound and I must concur as Hell Awaits is THE greatest hardcore record of all time because of it's dreary, creepy production.)  My God listen to Necrophiliac if you are wondering...Anyways, buy this and you probably won't be disapointed...it's the best we could have hoped for.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|The day has come. Many a year have the faithful and true fans of MetallicA, waited. Awaiting the day when they would return. Awaiting the day when the four horsemen would ride again.<br /><br />In years past we witnessed the death of this band, as they willing offered themselves up to be crucified, like a lamb leading itself to the slaughter. It had to be done.<br /><br />The beast had to be laid to rest. Once..and for all. To make things right.<br /><br /> Years have past, and today we have before us, DEATH MAGNETIC. Metallica's rebirth, as it were...or was it?<br /><br />The album opens up, with a dark introduction, the likes of which hasnt been heard from Metallica in ages; and as the album continues to unfold, i hear the heaviest , fastest and most inspired riffs, shredding, and all out thrashing since the Black Album and prior.<br /><br />The drumming in this album is decent and drives the songs to near \\"Disposable Heroes\\" and \\"Damage Inc\\" proportions, in terms of the sheer speed.<br /><br />With the lead guitar , one finds the solos to be the most chaotic than theyve ever been in Metallica's history, yet still beckon back to classical guitar leanings that were a corner stone of MetallicA's most memorable work. We actually find a completely INSTRUMENTAL track on the album, track 9, which was the biggest surprise of this album.<br /><br />And the second fill in for dear and departed Cliff Burton.....is Rob Trujillo, who was noted by Kirk Hammet as sharing skills that he had only seen before in Cliff Burton himself. Rob is heard in album pretty well, definatly more audible bass playing than anything on 'And Justice For All'<br /><br /> The vocals in this album are determined. Not the strongest, due to the strain Jame's put on his vocal chords that put a toll on his singing , screaming and growling ability. But like i said, he is determined to dish out the best that he can for the moment here...and has moments of real power and gives one slight chills, especially in the song \\"Broken, Beat And Scarred\\", which chorus is the most inspired memorable ive heard in many years.<br /><br /> All in all, James stands out the most in this album, channeling the original MetallicA more than any of the other band members. His riffs and relentless shredding carried this album to a triumphant return.<br /><br /> Although the vocals and lyrics arent the strongest. They are moving in the right direction....climbing this band onward...and upward.<br /><br />What was displayed in Death Magnetic exceeded my expectations.And the more i listen to it, the more i come to love it cuz it is that good, honestly, though its not perfect and has its shortcomings. Its an inspired album that has heart, that refuses to stay down, that is epic in length, just like albums of old.... for it is a new creation, a new MetallicA. And with this album, i witnessed this bands resurrection from the dead, and see it forming new wings. Wings it shall hopefully take flight with in their next work.<br /><br />Death Magnetic is a blessing to all the true fans out there. Whose MetallicA's music means so much to. I know it does to me. This band set a fire within me that burns intensely to this very day. They are my favorite band of all time. And i am so glad i kept the faith.<br /><br />For this day, Metallica found themselves.<br />For this day...Metallica found redemption.<br /><br />.........this is only the beginning.ost inspired memorable ive heard in many years.     All in all, James stands out the most in this album, channeling the original MetallicA more than any of the other band members. His riffs and relentless shredding carried this album to a triumphant return.     Although the vocals and lyrics arent the strongest. They are moving in the right direction....climbing this band onward...and upward.    What was displayed in Death Magnetic exceeded my expectations.And the more i listen to it, the more i come to love it cuz it is that good, honestly, though its not perfect and has its shortcomings. Its an inspired album that has heart, that refuses to stay down, that is epic in length, just like albums of old.... for it is a new creation, a new MetallicA. And with this album, i witnessed this bands resurrection from the dead, and see it forming new wings. Wings it shall hopefully take flight with in their next work.    Death Magnetic is a blessing to all the true fans out there. Whose MetallicA's music means so much to. I know it does to me. This band set a fire within me that burns intensely to this very day. They are my favorite band of all time. And i am so glad i kept the faith.    For this day, Metallica found themselves.   For this day...Metallica found redemption.                    .........this is only the beginning.
0307265730|5.0|This review is a result of the audio book version which is highly recommended. The stories in this collection are excellent and each one is so poignant.<br /><br />All of the stories are about Bengali people (individuals and families) who have immigrated to the United States. Each story deals with real life issues involving parents, siblings and lovers, and such topics as death, loss and longing across two cultures.<br /><br />Ms. Lahari continues to create strong characters who stay with readers after the story has ended. I have read all of her books and this one does not disappoint.
B0001932ZA|4.0|i have been wanting to get hold of the this copy of the DVD starring Arnold Schwarzenegger since i was a young boy.However, where I am staying I cant find this dvd at all and I have been searching for this movie for years.Finally,i came across this website and I found what I was looking for.I purchased it immediately.I eventually arrived at my doorstep.  The only issue was the dvd case had cracks on it,must be due to the ship handling but the 2 disc edition dvds were perfectly fine.    I watched the movie and I was amazed at it special features,extras.So i decided to purchase for 2 other movies from amazon.I am now waiting for them to arrive and I am a happy customer wanting to buy more from amazon again.The one stop place for the huge database of movies.[[ASIN:B0001932ZA The Running Man (Special Edition)]]
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Having listened to Metallica's Death Magnetic for the last few days, I can tell you that it is one of their best albums.  If I knew nothing about the album and someone told me that these songs were from lost tracks that were recorded between the making of Justice and The Black Album I would believe it.  Metallica sounds great on this album.  The quality of the recording is much improved over St. Anger, which I lump in there with Garage Days.<br /><br />As far as content goes, these songs are incredible, classic Metallica riffs with new twists.  The tempo changes, guitar solos, and James' classic lyrics are all there.  Having listened to the album about ten times, there are several songs that I cannot get out of my head.  Suicide and Redemption, the instrumental piece of the album, is fast becoming my favorite.<br /><br />I have been a Metallica fan for a long time.  While disappointed in St. Anger, I still enjoyed it.  But I thought the best days of Metallica were probably in the past: Lightening/Puppets/Justice/Black.  But this album, in my mind, rates right up there with those great Metallica Albums.
031606792X|5.0|I was at the Chicago signing and concert with Blue October.  I had already read Breaking Dawn at that time.  I enjoyed Stephenie's explanation of the ending being in her mind since 2003.  This wasn't an ending that was editorially influenced.  I enjoyed the book, and the entire series.  I am spending time writing a review just to give my five star thumbs up and to say thank you for Stephenie Meyer for giving us Edward and Bella.
B001B67VR2|3.0|this Is a great album with the addition of Take a Bow, and Disturbia; but what really sucks is that all these good albums and mp3's you CANNOT buy with Pepsi Points. Which is TOTALLY ridiculous!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This has been promoted as a sort of \\"back-to-the roots\\" album. So the questions are: Is that something good? And, is the cd good by itself?    Question a. must be answered by a resounding YES, at least for longtime fans of (old) Metallica. It's been a long time of trying to find alternate styles, with very mixed results.    Question b. is also a YES. This album is the best that METALLICA has released since \\"...and justice for all\\". Although some may say \\"what about the Black Album?\\",  Death Magnetic has the advantage of being more the CLASSIC Metallica, the old Metallica.    In fact, musically and stylistically, the album looks like it could have been released immediately after \\"Justice\\". If it would have been released back then, it would have been considered somehow repetitive, a minor effort compared to \\"Ride The Lightning\\", \\"Master of Puppets\\" and \\"Justice\\" (hence, my 4 stars rating). Now, it has the advantage of being somehow a \\"novelty\\" after experiments like \\"Load\\" Reload\\" and \\"St. Anger\\", (and any \\"minor effort\\" under classic Metallica standards, is better than the last releases).    I don't think that there is a song in this new album that can be considered \\"classic\\" in the vein of \\"One\\", \\"Master of Puppets\\" or \\"Fade to black\\" to name a few, Nonetheless, the album is irresistibly likable.    Since the very opening track, \\"That was just your life\\", and continuing with the second one, we are transported to the good-old-Metallica. The true fan will be hipnotized immediately, and by \\"Scarred\\" (the third -and better- track) completely in trance. A breather comes in the promoted song \\"The day that never comes\\", which slow first half sounds very much like an uninteresting repetition of \\"The Unforgiven\\" (of the Black Album), but that gets real heavy in the second half (a reminder of the song \\"One\\": slow first, fast in the end). The song is good, but along with the other promoted track, Cyanide, they are the most commercial of the set.    \\"All nightmare long\\" and \\"The Judas kiss\\" are other two excellent heavy songs, with another rest provided by \\"The unforgiven III\\" (how many \\"unforgivens\\" will there be?). As a reminder of Master of Puppets: a) The next to last song is a long instrumental, in this case \\"Suicide and redemption\\", a good (not great) song. b) The album finishes with a song very much like \\"Damage Inc\\", \\"My Apocalypse\\". Great way to close.    Old and new fans of Metallica should be pleased with this album. Now that they have returned to the path that made them a quality act in the metal scene, I've got the feeling that \\"Death magnetic\\" will be the basis of a better album to come.    And by the way, as less that $ 1 a song (at least here in Amazon), don't get cheap, do yourself a favour and buy the album.
B001FEA9QU|5.0|Death Magnetic is SICK! Much better than the singles released early!  Awesome!!!! Maybe even my favorite of the \\"new\\" post \\"And Justice....\\" albums!
B0011WMHRK|5.0|Riding off the unique and enjoyable sound of 1970's \\"Soundtracks\\", Can presented \\"Tago Mago\\" to the world in 1971. An album regarded as a pinnacle to the 70's psychedelic, progressive and kraut rock movements. It is a massive body of work, and wildly ahead of its time - flourishing with originality and innovation. It is a demanding listen. \\"Aumgn\\" and \\"Peking O.\\", the two beastly experimental tracks that make up Tago Mago's challenging and uncontrollable alter-ego, make up almost half of its entirety, and I would be lying if I said I can endure and enjoy them regularly. But so good is the rest of this album...SO so good...I cannot resist, and a hefty 5 star rating has to be made.<br /><br />Can's trademark minimal, funky and psychedelic sound is in full bloom for the opening four tracks. \\"Paperhouse\\" twists and turns through sections, varying dynamics and tempos with ease. The song builds to a climatic ending with Damo Suzuki unleashing his untamed vocals and the band driving home the beautiful final melody. \\"Mushroom\\" flows through immediately with its fat, booming groove thanks to a classic Jaki Liebezeit drum loop. Can are renowned for their emphasis on drumming and groove, and this song is a perfect case. Jaki lays down the beat and with subtle precision other elements are trickled between the accents. Damo's voice snaps between haunting, restrained murmurs to feral blasts. Guitarist Miachael Karoli and keyboardist Irmin Schmidt are a master-class in simplicity and efficiency, adding layers and textures to forge a sparse yet brooding atmosphere.<br /><br />\\"Halleluhwah\\" is perhaps Can's finest moment. An 18 minute monolith that summarises everything once could possible love about them. Essentially the song is evolved around one gigantic looped drum beat, a mid-tempo groove that rolls and rolls, subtly changing with precise fills and breaks. Other textures and layers slowly come and go, swirling and cycling, building and de-constructing. At times it roars and crashes with waves of percussion, layers upon layers of elegant guitar lines, throbs of screeching and abrasive noises. At other times it is perfectly stripped down, focusing purely on the elegance of isolated instrumentation. Suzuki's vocals follow the flow to the song, varying in volume and pitch, but always retaining his raw, wandering delivery. It is an astonishing and hypnotic listen, and one that never bores, despite its extended playing time.<br /><br />As I said earlier \\"Aumgn\\" and \\"Peking O.\\" do little for me. They seem dated as a lot of the synth sounds are tired and rather drab by today's standards. They are also mightily lengthy. I've read people claiming these songs are the best section of \\"Tago Mago\\" and I can understand they are certainly the most untamed and bewildering parts, but I just cannot sit myself through the overlong assault. But somehow this matters little. The rest of \\"Tago Mago\\" is special. It's some of the best music I have ever heard, and certainly some of the most innovative and original. My absolute adoration of these songs won't allow me to rate any lower than a stern 5. A hit and miss affair in the truest sense - but for once, the hit is more than worth the miss.of percussion, layers upon layers of elegant guitar lines, throbs of screeching and abrasive noises. At other times it is perfectly stripped down, focusing purely on the elegance of isolated instrumentation. Suzuki's vocals follow the flow to the song, varying in volume and pitch, but always retaining his raw, wandering delivery. It is an astonishing and hypnotic listen, and one that never bores, despite its extended playing time.    As I said earlier \\"Aumgn\\" and \\"Peking O.\\" do little for me. They seem dated as a lot of the synth sounds are tired and rather drab by today's standards. They are also mightily lengthy. I've read people claiming these songs are the best section of \\"Tago Mago\\" and I can understand they are certainly the most untamed and bewildering parts, but I just cannot sit myself through the overlong assault. But somehow this matters little. The rest of \\"Tago Mago\\" is special. It's some of the best music I have ever heard, and certainly some of the most innovative and original. My absolute adoration of these songs won't allow me to rate any lower than a stern 5. A hit and miss affair in the truest sense - but for once, the hit is more than worth the miss.
B000NVIXFK|5.0|I'm writing this review of Snakes and Arrows by RUSH on Neil Peart the drummer's 56th birthday September 12th - happy birthday Mr. Peart sir! I am 37 and for the most part heard the drum fills for Tom Sawyer when I was 10 years old so I've been their biggest fan for 27 years or more. My name is Ian Mitnick in Baltimore Maryland. If Neil knew me he'd want me to say happy -56th bithday (he's getting younger!!) \\"Far Cry\\" is excellent and my 4 year old drummer nephew loves it and I've been a drummer since 2 years old starting with Gene Krupa. Every song is great on Snakes and Arrows! \\"Armor and Sword\\" is powerful with that eerie dissonance \\"no one gets to their heaven without a fight\\" - Workin them angels uses words Neil put in one of his books - its great - \\"The larger Bowl\\" is pretty and honest about money and such - I really like \\"Spindrift\\" about love and feelings - Neil is the best rock drummer in the world, Geddy is the rock bassist in the world, Alex Lifeson is so special and underated as the best rock guitarist - RUSH is the greatest. \\"Good news first\\", Alex's gorgeous \\"Hope\\", I could go on and on - you ARE missing out if you don't get into RUSH and buy their Thanksgiving 2008 live concert DVD!!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I've been expecting this album to come out ever since way back 2006. I never thought Metallica would make an album as good as this, it meets my expectations dead on. Every song on this album has great riffs, great solos, great catchy chorus, lyrics and well as far as the drumming goes...well it's Lars we are talking about here, he could have done better but I'm satisfied.<br />The best song in my opinion is \\"All Nightmare Long\\" it has everything a Metallica fan needs.<br />The only complain is that the production is not as good as it could have been. The guitars seem too loud overpowering the bass, the drums are too loud also especially the snare drum, at least this time the drums sound like drums and not paint cans. The vocals at time seem to low in the mix and James sounds great but there at times where he tries too hard and his voice seems that is gonna crack.<br />In my opinion this is a live album, meaning that they didn't use all their computer technology to make this album sound \\"too fake\\" and they wanted a sound which resembled them playing live, which is something I like, kinda what Iron Maiden did with \\"A Matter of Life and Death\\".<br /><br />Anything this album rocks from start to end!!
B0007PLLQ0|5.0|Legend is one of my favorite movies.  While the acting isn't great, the incredibly beautiful, dream-like fantasy world setting *more* than makes up for any negatives (IMO).  I have seen both versions of the movie, the edited version with the haunting musical score that included \\"Loved by the Sun\\" by Tangerine Dream, and the  the original Goldsmith musical score.<br /><br />Honestly, while it sounds more \\"dated\\", I prefer the Tangerine Dream musical score as it seems more fitting to the fantasy world depicted in this movie.  It has that eerie and surreal tone to the music which I felt captures what is occurring on screen wonderfully, which of course was a fantasy world come to life.<br /><br />I also liked the ending of the edited version better as well, with Lily and Jack running off into the sunset and looking back to wave at their fairy friends.  In the unedited version, after Jack finds Lily's ring and places it on her finger, they speak for a few minutes and Lily sings to him.  Then Jack watches as she runs away, with the scene changing to Jack running off into the sunset alone, waving back to his forest fairy friends.<br /><br />I'm not exactly sure why I didn't like the added footage during that scene (of Lily and Jack talking), but it felt out of place.  Perhaps it could be due to the fact the version I grew up watching and enjoying as a child was the edited version.  This is just my opinion, but whenever I watched the ending version where Lily and Jack run off together, I always thought they were living their HEA.  It was more firm in my mind that they did have their HEA (after all, aren't fairy-tales with the hero in this case Jack, and the heroine princess, Lily, supposed to live happily ever after?), while in the original version all you get is Lily pretty much saying to Jack, \\"Keep my ring, remember me I'll be back\\" and she goes running off with him watching her.  Oh well, this is my reasoning behind why I preferred the edited version of the movie.LOL.<br /><br />I think Legend is still one of the best fantasy movies out there.  Too bad there aren't fantasy movies being produced like Legend anymore (or Willow, The Neverending Story, Labyrinth, to mention a few more of my favorite fantasy movies).  I have seen more recent fantasy movies, such as the Lord of the Rings trilogy and the first Narnia movie, but they miss that particular *something* the other movies I mentioned made in the 80s have.  Not that I didn't enjoy the LOTR movie and Narnia movie, I did, but fantasy movies such as Legend have a magical quality of a fairy-tale come to life straight from the storybook.<br /><br />There is just something about the fantasy genre (whether books or movies) that captivates me, IMO, fantasy is all about dreams, hopes, and marvelous wonders.  How many of us as children were told those fairy-tale stories and we believed in our innocence that there were such creatures as elves, fairies, and unicorns?  I think fantasy movies like Legend are simply those fairy-tales come to life, or as close to \\"real\\" as one can get to imagining what such a world would truly look like if it was reality.l one of the best fantasy movies out there.  Too bad there aren't fantasy movies being produced like Legend anymore (or Willow, The Neverending Story, Labyrinth, to mention a few more of my favorite fantasy movies).  I have seen more recent fantasy movies, such as the Lord of the Rings trilogy and the first Narnia movie, but they miss that particular *something* the other movies I mentioned made in the 80s have.  Not that I didn't enjoy the LOTR movie and Narnia movie, I did, but fantasy movies such as Legend have a magical quality of a fairy-tale come to life straight from the storybook.      There is just something about the fantasy genre (whether books or movies) that captivates me, IMO, fantasy is all about dreams, hopes, and marvelous wonders.  How many of us as children were told those fairy-tale stories and we believed in our innocence that there were such creatures as elves, fairies, and unicorns?  I think fantasy movies like Legend are simply those fairy-tales come to life, or as close to \\"real\\" as one can get to imagining what such a world would truly look like if it was reality.
B000VZGK3K|4.0|\\"The Aviator\\" IS Cate Blanchett's film, her Oscar deserving role as Katherine Hepburn is so dead-on, you'd think she was possessed by her spirit. As for the film, not bad, a little slow at times, the CGI is horrific, and Alan Alda's performance as the slimy senator is quite good.<br />The Blu-Ray is loaded with extras, and the transfer is quite clean, probably in the top 20.<br />I've never really been a Dicaprio fan, but if he keeps making movies with Marty Scorsese (\\"The Departed\\"), I think one these days, he'll get his own Oscar.
0743297334|4.0|I'm 47 years old, have read thousands of books, and until this week had never read Hemingway.  It was only finding myself out of town without a book that I snatched up my high school son's edition of The Sun Also Rises.<br /><br />This is a very well written, relatively short novel which takes about five hours to finish at a leisurely pace.  I must say, that for the first 50 pages or so, I was not impressed.  Not a whole lot going on and what was happening didn't exactly get the heart racing.  As the characters in the book relocated from Paris to Pamplona, however, I started to become engrossed in the story.  I found myself reading later into the night, not feeling sleepy at all and not wanted to leave the story.<br /><br />The novel follows a group of American and British expatriates in the interwar years (1920s) as they loll around and party their way through France and into Spain for the Festival of San Fermin in Pamplona.  The characters are predominantly alcohol soaked wastrels whose life consists of drinking, eating, drinking, passing out, drinking, going to bull fights, drinking, eating, passing out, drinking and doing a little fishing on the side.<br /><br />It is a tribute to the beautiful, highly descriptive writing of Hemingway that such a backdrop can be crafted into an entertaining read, but I must say he pulls it off.  This novel has certainly motivated me to read more Hemingway.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I wrote a review when I first got the new CD on Sept. 11 through Amazon. I originally gave it 4 stars, and was completely satisfied with it. Now, after listening a few hundred times, I have to change my rating to 5 stars. I am totally addicted to this album!  I can't stop listening to it.    Of course, there are going to be those \\"real\\" Metallica fans who don't like it. They're not satisfied unless it's Re-Master of Puppets  or Ride the Lightning Again, or something like that. To me, a \\"real\\" fan is willing to change with the times, and change with the band. Do you have to like every album to be a real fan? Of course not. BUT STOP WHINING! People are revolving their lives around a heavy metal band.    I am 41 years old, and have been with Metallica since the beginning. When Kill 'Em All came out, I was in high school and completely blown away. Deep, heavy, fast guitars. Intelligent lyrics. Unbelievable. Ride the Lightning and Master of Puppets put them in a class by themselves. I was addicted.    Then came ...And Justice for All. To me, they started to change ever so slightly here. But it wasn't as noticeable as the self-titled \\"Black\\" album. Still, Justice was incredible. Then came the \\"black\\" album. Oh my goodness. You would think Metallica burned an American flag or something. The \\"real\\" fans were in an uproar. How could they commit such a sacrilege? Please. Give it a rest already. A little bit commercial, but still, what a great album. The perfect combination of metal and hard rock. Accessible to more than a metal fan.    I'm not claiming to be a musical expert, but Load and Reload sounded great to me. Most of those songs were still hard hitting, grungy, and well written. The only thing I will say is that they probably could've picked the best 12-15 songs from both albums and made one incredible album. The \\"real\\" fans keep waiting for Master of Puppets 10. You \\"real\\" fans should really get out of the 80's. Cut off the back of your mullets, wear a t-shirt with sleaves (and that fits). If I hear one more fan compare a new Metallica album to Master I'm going to vomit.    Now, along comes St. Anger. I hated it. I listened to it twice, which is probably once too many. The drums sounded like they were recorded in a giant tin can. There was nothing I could bang my head to, or sing out loud with. Metallica is always the standard, so anything less than that is going to get bad reviews. To me, St. Anger is their ONLY sub-standard album.    Bring on Death Magnetic. I was instantly hooked. My original rating of 4 stars was after a few listens in normal surroundings (in my house with my wife and kids, on my Ipod, etc.) This past week, I played it about a million times at a LOUD volume in my car. Wow! I can't stop! These songs are extremely addicting. I can head bang, scream along, play air guitar, all of it. Broken, Beaten, and Scarred will not leave my head. My Apocalypse and The Judas Kiss are just plain awesome. Even the Day That Never Comes, which got absolutely no love from the \\"real\\" fans, is a certified rocker. Cyanide oozes with attitude. Unforgiven 3 breaks things up a little, but is pretty cool. The instrumental Suicide and Redemption has me  rockin'. Everyone has there own favorites, and in all different orders, and that's the beauty of music. People hear the same thing differently.    And what's with all these people bashing the production/mixing? Since when is everyone an expert at how to produce an album? I don't hear anything but good and bad. This is GOOD. If everyone is an expert at this stuff, why don't they go out and make an album themselves? Take all your critical energy and form a band. But, once again, STOP WHINING! I have a question for you supposed \\"real\\" fans: When Metallica comes to your area, are you going to go see them? Of course you are. Nuff said.    I hope my years of Metallica listening, which I tried to illustrate above, give people thinking about buying Death Magnetic confidence in what they're getting. Don't over analyze, don't live in the past, just pop it in and enjoy.
B00005OMTT|5.0|Well, it's a CD full of music from Enigma as written by Michael Cretu. So, if you always hated his use of chant, or his wife talking over the sounds, don't buy it. But, if you have ever wondered what else Engima wrote other than popular tunes like Mea Culpa or Sadeness, this CD is full of truly wonderful music - especially lesser known cuts like TNT For The Brain, Modern Crusaders or Principles of Lust. Cretu mixes sounds like no one else and the result is almost completely mesmerizing and alive with his view of life. This one is probably one of my top 3 of all time and I'm a Boomer.
B00181QF7M|5.0|Jose Pires De Almeida Neto plays a killer guitar! The riffs on \\"I'm Not Drowning\\" are absolutely hypnotic*. Forced me to finally uncover my electronic keyboard (groan... but it's modern times) and pull out the manual and try to learn how to play it just to keep up with this fantastic song. Haven't heard anything quite like it in years; jazz and rhythm and blues all together now, don't stop, don't stop, keep it going... Fantastic! Jose Neto is a  incredible guitarist, plays so simply yet melodicly it's like being thrown in the air and borne aloft by many wings.<br /><br />I believe Jose backed Harry Belafonte for twenty years, and has been with Winwood for the last ten. Lives in Marin County with his wife and travels to England to record, rehearse and hit the road with Winwood. Sounds like a good life for all. Highly recommended, with the entire band at their finest on this particular song. My opinion, anyway. * * * * *<br /><br />Note: for guitar enthusiasts, you can find the guitar tabulature at: tabs (dot) guitarworld (dot) com<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />*I may be wrong about this: Perry Bookstein comments:<br />\\"Winwood plays all instruments including guitar on \\"I'm Not Drowning\\" but Jose is great!!!\\"
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I've been a die hard Metallica fan since the mid-80s.  I love this album!  This is the kind of album they should have been making since the Black Album.  Thanks to Robert Trujillo, Metallica has gotten their dark & sinister side back.  It's very well constructed and unlike St Anger, you can sense the emotion.  A must have!
B000GIWRIY|5.0|This album is DEEP folks. This is Tull at a very mature and profound point. Lyrically and musically a masterpiece.   Considering that it was written 6 years prior to 9/11, the title track, (and the song \\"Valley\\"),  show what a genius Ian Anderson is at getting to the \\"root\\" of the matters of the world in 5 or 6 minute musical epics!    Many long time Tull fans do not give the later era records enough attention, and this is one worth digging into. If you can afford it, buy it new--make sure EMI keeps it in print.
0743486285|5.0|I found that I couldn't put this book down while I was reading it, which wasn't good as I was on vacation with a large group of friends.  Upon reading some reviews here I feel as though there was some confusion as to what the book is about.  This is one year's entries in the diary of Nikki Sixx at the height of Motley Crue's success.  It is a disturbing look into the self involved life of a drug addict, while he is addicted. This is not a biography of his life.  He asked the people in his life at that time to contribute their own thoughts and memories to the book as well.  There are entries in this book that will make you angry, sad, disgusted, and others that will make you laugh outloud.    I thoroughly enjoyed readinig this book.  So far three of my friends have borrowed and read it, telling me they felt the same way about it.  How Nikki is still alive is truly a mystery.  I recommend that anyone read this book, but with eyes wide open to the realization that this isn't a biography, but a disturbing year in the life story.
B000K7VHQ4|3.0|For the first half of The Illusionist I sat spellbound, swept up in a beautifully realized world of magic and intrigue.  The film's style calls to mind the Albumen prints of the 19th century, with their soft edges and muted sepia tones. It lends the film, which is set in the waning years of the Austro-Hungarian empire, a sense of time and place as well as an atmosphere of mystery. The scenery and costumes certainly convey period authenticity. Old Vienna, with its cobblestone streets and narrow alleyways, grand theaters and resplendent mansions, really comes alive.<br /><br />Even the picturesque quality of the film could not distract me from the glaring flaws in the story. The Illusionist turns on one pivotal event and resolves with a 'twist ending' that turns this pivotal event on its head. This is not a bad thing in and of itself, but the execution, as well as the twist itself, is sub par.<br /><br />Strangely enough, the ending made me despise the character(s) I should have been rooting for, and pity the character(s) who had been served up as villains.<br /><br />The acting, for the most part, is excellent. Norton and Giamatti (who plays an ambitious and principled police detective) deliver good performances. Rufus Sewell steals scenes as the arrogant and conflicted Crown Prince Leopold. Biel's performance doesn't disappoint either, although she is badly miscast as a down-to-earth princess as well as Norton's love interest. She's nice to look at, especially in the bosom enhancing dresses they have her wear, and that was probably intended to be her primary function anyway.<br /><br />Despite its flaws, The Illusionist is a captivating film, at least the first time around. More critical viewers will have no trouble seeing through the pretty packaging on subsequent viewings, so the film will depreciate rapidly. Personally, I think \\"The Prestige\\" (which contended against The Illusionist at the box office for \\"Magic Dollars\\" ) is a much more solid work, with more staying power.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Actually 3 1/2 stars . I've been reading a lot of reviews raving about the triumphant return of Metallica . If you're comparing this to St Anger and the black album , then yes , this is a masterpiece . If you're expecting Kill Em All you're in for a disappointment . But all in all it's not a bad album . , It's very mainstream .If anything it's reminiscent of late 80's metal in a melodic sense and would fit right into the Load/ Reload period  ..This is just my opinion but I've been waiting for these guys to evolve into something more substantive , but I guess they just don't have it in them . Not a bad album though and some good songs ...That Was Just Your Life , The Day That Never comes , Cyanide,The End Of The Line .. all decent songs
0790729393|1.0|Like a particularly bad segment of the already-bad Dateline, this snoozefest proves that top talent and production values do not ANYTHING make. Scenes go on forever and the film is incredibly self conscious as to its time period. A mess.
0385340567|2.0|I have read every Jack Reacher book in sequence. Loved most, seriously liked the rest. Though the last few I thought Mr. Child was looking to end the series. He needs to. Jack has outlived his usefulness. Nothing to Lose is pure formula. Decent ending but it is time to end this series. If you must have it as I did, wait until you can borrow it from a friend or get a used paperback.
B000LXH11C|4.0|This disc has excellent music. However, I don't understand how someone could possibly leave out Breakdown when compiling this set. It is a great song. Those who buy this set will definitely be robbed of one of their greatest songs.
B00005JPUN|4.0|Jack Finney's science fiction novel INVASION OF THE BODY SNATCHERS (serialized is COLLIER'S magazine in 1954; published in book form in 1955) was made into a highly regarded film of the same title in 1956, starring Kevin McCarthy and Dana Wynter in an intense and heartbreaking political parable of the times. In 1978 it was filmed (with the same title) as a satire of California society, starring Donald Sutherland, Brooke Adams, and Leonard Nimoy--and again was quite well received. In a third film version, BODY SNATCHERS: THE INVASION CONTINUES (1994)--starring Gabrielle Anwar, Terry Kinney, Meg Tilly, and Forest Whitaker--the focus seems to be on horror and suspense for their own sake, and although most reviewers rate it below the first two movies, many consider it worth seeing for its young female star if nothing else.<br /><br />In THE INVASION (2007), the latest remake starring Nicole Kidman, Daniel Craig (the newest James Bond), and Jeffrey Wright, Finney's central idea is alive and well: i.e., our \\"humanity\\" (for better or worse) can be taken from us by an \\"alien\\" life-form. In this outing, the traditional pods are dispensed with and a much more plausible (but far less visually dramatic) virus takes their place. Ms. Kidman's character (a brave, intelligent, and attractive female psychiatrist) is clearly the protagonist of the action, which centers around her attempts to find and rescue her young son, who is important not just to her but to all members of the human race who do not wish to be altered mentally by the virus. (In a sense, Kidman plays a kind of heroic \\"Ripley\\" figure, parallel to Sigourney Weaver's roles in the various ALIEN films.)<br /><br />This film abounds with tense action and dramatic chase scenes--as well as a few tender and/or funny moments between the mother and son; there are also several thought-provoking discussions of human nature that almost seem to have been spliced in to add depth and \\"serious purpose\\" to the film. Given the United States' recent and current national divisiveness, parts of this film may lead some viewers to see it as a parable about our religious/political factions. (I think this would be misinterpreting the film's intent.)<br /><br />As far as the \\"inner peace\\" of the infected people is concerned, the script and acting suffer from many inconsistencies--with the disgruntled husband of Veronica Cartwright (who had been in the 1978 remake) and the ex-husband of Kidman among the worse offenders. (But, since logic has usually been sacrificed for the sake of vivid effects throughout 2,500 years of dramatic literature, why quibble about one more instance?)<br /><br />The ending (which I shall not reveal here) strikes me as a bit \\"rushed\\" in the sense that we do not so much SEE the outcome as HEAR ABOUT it in a short voice-over that summarizes the later events in a minute or less. In this one respect, I will say it is comparable to the ending of M. Night Shyamalan's SIGNS (2003), an alien invasion film starring Mel Gibson and Joaquin Phoenix, which I (in the minority) rated very low on several accounts.d current national divisiveness, parts of this film may lead some viewers to see it as a parable about our religious/political factions. (I think this would be misinterpreting the film's intent.)    As far as the \\"inner peace\\" of the infected people is concerned, the script and acting suffer from many inconsistencies--with the disgruntled husband of Veronica Cartwright (who had been in the 1978 remake) and the ex-husband of Kidman among the worse offenders. (But, since logic has usually been sacrificed for the sake of vivid effects throughout 2,500 years of dramatic literature, why quibble about one more instance?)    The ending (which I shall not reveal here) strikes me as a bit \\"rushed\\" in the sense that we do not so much SEE the outcome as HEAR ABOUT it in a short voice-over that summarizes the later events in a minute or less. In this one respect, I will say it is comparable to the ending of M. Night Shyamalan's SIGNS (2003), an alien invasion film starring Mel Gibson and Joaquin Phoenix, which I (in the minority) rated very low on several accounts.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Do yourself a favor don't be in any hurry to buy this album.  I've been a Metallica fan for a long time now.  I love the guitar solo's on this album and thats about it.  I'm gonna stick with there older stuff from now on.  All in all, this album BLOWS
0596522347|5.0|This book is to the point and easily digestible. This book should be a required reading for anyone.     This book will help you get rid of those old presentation ideas that were imparted to you by those who don't even present well.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|The Metallica I know and love is back!  I remember buying Kill 'em All  when it came out in '82 and they instantly became my favorite band.  Combining musical styles of all their previous album, this is their best album since \\"Master of Puppets.\\"
0321525655|5.0|It doesn't matter what your job is, this is a must read.    We so often forget that the simplest thing is often the best. This book shows how people can get back to basic. I love the fact that this book captures the essence of why effective presenters are so good!
1577311523|5.0|I received this book before the estimated date and in the condition stated. Thank you.
0743454537|5.0|Jodi Picoult immediately captures her readers' minds in My Sister's Keeper when 13 year old Anna Fitzgerald is conceived as a bone marrow match for her sister Kate, who is diagnosed with leukemia.  Anna has to undergo countless procedures in order to help Kate stay alive.  For thirteen years this process of having Anna be Kate's donor is successful, however at age 13 Anna suddenly decides she doesn't want to be a donor anymore.  She hires Cambell Alexander, a local lawyer, to help her oppose her mother, father, brother, and dying sister.  This complicated trial puts the whole family into shock and debate over whether or not Anna is old enough to make this decision.  The suspenseful events, especially the court scene, will keep all readers around 13 years and older at the edge of their seats.  It is a wonderful story told from a few of the characters' perspectives, which keeps it fast paced and hard to put down.  The novel also raises many debatable ethical issues, making it great for a book club.  It makes you think about this unique situation and what you would do if you were one of the characters.  This New York Times bestseller is a heartfelt story of a family that's torn between keeping one of their daughters alive, and giving their other daughter the rights she deserves as a free human being.  It's a beautiful story and it would be a mistake not to read it.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Listen to the cd, enjoy the fact that they are still around and can write memorable music, and don't compare it to past albums or current bands that they've inspired. Just enjoy it, really a fun listen. No reason to read into it.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I've owned these headphones for 6 months or so, and finally decided to write a review after testing them substantially.  I don't really have anything to compare these to, as these are my first pair of \\"big\\" headphones.  All I have to say is that hearing music through these is unlike hearing music through a radio or regular earbuds, or even normal headphones.  It's so crystal clear, it's really enlightening to listen to your favorite song and hear all kinds of details you never knew existed.<br /><br />Comfort: I can wear these for about 5 hours before I need to take them off for a break.  I find that they're extremely comfortable when on, and the material cups around your ear just perfectly.  The phones are even tilted a slight angle and adjust to various head sizes (1 being a small head, and 9 being a very large head) One thing that is really cool is the way these fold up to save space when you're not using them.<br /><br />Quality/Fashion: These are great looking headphones, but if you're looking for phones solely for fashions sake, there are headphones that look \\"cooler\\".  These don't look bad by any means however, and the quality is great up close (leather and and make)<br /><br />Sound Quality: As noted by everyone else, amazing.  One thing I also noticed is that it does a good job of muffling surrounding noise, and it's hard to hear anything around you when they're playing music.<br /><br />For best results: Try using these in the dark, with a high encoded song (320 kbps and up) and you'll be blown away.  Hope my review helped. : )<br /><br />PS: The cord is rather long, and coils in a phone style.  Originally I thought this was too long, but after having used it for a while I find that it's a perfect length, you can just tuck the rest in your pocket/bag/ or whatever.  You won't even notice it, and the extra length really comes in handy if you need to get up and get something.
1596680296|5.0|I had always wanted to knit socks. After doing many scarves, afghans, wraps, and even experimented in bags and felting...I had ALWAYS wanted to do socks. I checked out online \\"movie\\" type tutorials, other well known knitting sites, and even studied some of the other books I own in terms of \\"knitting in the round on DPNs.\\" It wasn't until I bought this book that I was able to actually knit an actual sock! The text and terms are easy to understand and the step by step pictures to go along with the instructions are simply wonderful. Even when NOT knitting patterns from this book, I still refer back to it for additional information...or just to simply look at a picture to see if mine even remotely looks like I am doing the right thing. Excellent book!!!
0765342294|5.0|What a great book.  Interesting, literate, and just wonderful.  I finished it then started to buy more Orson Scott Card books.  Ender is a fascinating Character.  The book is great for adults and children.  I totally recommend it.
0446402389|5.0|\\"Child 44\\" by Tom Rob Smith is loosely based upon a real Russian serial killer. While the killer and his victims were real, Smith placed his story during Stalin's time. You have got to read this to really appreciate how people live and think under a totalitarian regime, whether Islamic, or N. Korean, or the old Soviet and Nazi times. It's brutal.<br /><br />Child 44's serial killer episodes are almost secondary to the story of Leo and Raisa, the hero and his wife. What they went through, the torture, the `truth' behind their marriage and the ultimate search that brought them to real love and meaning in their lives is phenomenal.<br /><br />While the plot was kind of a standard thriller, the ending had a good twist. However, the real genius of the book is how Smith portrayed the daily life and times in Stalinist Russia. How people thought and acted: their brutality and heroism. That it was about a serial killer was almost beside the point; however it tied the beginning to the end.<br /><br />This is an emotionally intense book and well worth the time to read it. It gripped me throughout and I had to remind myself to breath. While not gory- graphic, the subject matter is descriptive and should be an adult read.
B000JJS8TM|1.0|They finally release The Beatles in a High Fidelity format and what do we get a Megamix.....snippets of Beatle songs. For a lot of you DJ's out there you know how we hate Megamixes. Come on Apple Records, EMI, Parlophone whoever has the power, do it while we are still alive. The Beatles in it's true form on DVD-Audio, DTS ...... that would be amazing.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|1. That Was Just Your Life - 4 Stars<br />The sound of a heartbeat welcomes us to the rebirth of this band and we<br />are thrashed right from the start.<br /><br />2. The End Of The Line - 4 Stars<br />Mix two parts Leper Messiah and one part Fuel. Toss it in a blender and<br />pour into flaming goblet of metal. The song slows down toward the end<br />but picks up again with a rousing finale of James Hetfield<br />screaming \\"The slave becomes the master!\\"<br /><br />3. Broken, Beat & Scarred - 5 Stars<br />This song has got it all. Great hooks, excellent driving bass line and<br />a pretty good old fashioned guitar solo.<br /><br />4. The Day That Never Comes - 4 Stars<br />This slow, quiet single was the world's first real exposure to the<br />album. While it works well in context of album, it should have not been<br />released as the first single.  Brooding and haunting, it probably<br />should have been cut to down to about four minutes.<br /><br />5. All Nightmare Long - 5 Stars<br />A snaky, evil guitar hook followed by 6 minutes of furiously fast metal.<br /><br />6. Cyanide - 4 Stars<br />Mix deep Black Album bass lines and Ride the Lightning guitar work and<br />you get this.<br /><br />7. The Unforgiven III - 5 Stars<br />Wow! An \\"Unforgiven\\" song that doesn't start with a fade in but a piano<br />melody and violas.  How artsy.  How very Danny Elfman. Good thing it's<br />easily the best track on the album.  You can hear Lars trying to break<br />into Enter Sandman towards the bridge.<br /><br />8. The Judas Kiss - 3 Stars<br />This song's got some great metal imagery. Sounds a bit more like<br />Megadeth than Metallica...in a good way. Goes on a bit long but<br />everything on this album is seven minutes or longer but if that is the<br />only thing to complain about, bravo.<br /><br />9. Suicide & Redemption - 4 Stars<br />This is their first instrumental since Orion. All right, \\"To Live Is To<br />Die\\" was called an instrumental but it had lyrics. This is the first<br />time since Cliff Burton died that they have felt confident enough to<br />try it. It doesn't disappoint. Hostile.<br /><br />10. My Apocalypse - 3 Stars<br />Maybe it's just because it is the last song on the album but you're<br />physically tired by the time it finishes.  The lyrics are not nearly as<br />effective after being punched in the face multiple times by the rest of<br />the album.<br /><br />Overall - 4 Stars<br />  I think we're getting what we all hoped for when we heard Rick<br />Ruben was going to produce. The album reeks of \\"Puppets\\" era stuff<br />mixed like ReLoad.  It's great when you can say something in metal<br />reeks and mean it as a compliment. There are a few songs that feel<br />stretched and could have been cut down and several tracks switch<br />between parts that don't really mesh well together, like they had two<br />ideas leftover and decided to put tem together so another song could be<br />written. But this is back to what metal, and Metallica, should be.<br />Blindingly fast guitar work, double bass drum beats and terrible lyrics<br />about immolation and heresy.  What could be better? Maybe a new album<br />name. Definitely not feeling that one.
0452289963|1.0|There are many problems with this book.  It is repetitive, vague, factually erroneous in a number of places, but most problematic for me utterly unscientific and unsubstantiated.    Eckhart Tolle makes a number of claims about the nature of the universe.  Not just moral or ethical claims, or behavioral observations, but statements which describe fundamental aspects of our universe.  What does he base these claims on?  Other than a few cherry-picked quotes from religious texts (which is hardly compelling evidence) how can he make so many claims about the nature of consciousness, mind, body, cosmology without any support?  He must realize that his views in most cases completely contradict the widely accepted scientific worldview.    It strikes me that he took a little here and there from Buddhism, Christianity and New Age philosophy, and just made up the rest.    Here is a short quiz.  Do you believe either of the following statements represents our universe, and if so, why?    \\"So your physical body, which is form, reveals itself as essentially formless when you go deeper into it.  It becomes a doorway to inner space.  Although inner space has no form, it is intensely alive.\\"    \\"Form and consciousness are both timeless and coexistent.  Consciousness without form reveals itself as a lack of ego, which depends on form to generate the necessary sense of 'I'.  Only by letting go of 'I' and hence ego can form be contained, revealing the Essence of consciousness.\\"    One of these quotes belongs to Eckhart Tolle, the other completely fabricated by me.  Even if you know which is which, why do you believe his statement (which strikes me as essentially blather) is true, while my statement is not?  Without referred to New Earth, how would you defend one statement versus the other?    Or do you simply trust Eckhart because he is a \\"teacher\\" or \\"guru?\\"    I think this book does have nuggets of wisdom.  I agree that living \\"in the now\\" makes generally sense, as does not attachingoneself excessively to objects or ideas, to avoiding excessive materialism, etc.  But these are all common sense principles, which could have been presented in a short pamphlet without the excessive verbiage.    Eckhart seems to believe, based on a story in New Earth, that after a woman reflected on her problems in his office, negative energy was released which was toxic to such a degree, that it followed him when he ventured into a Chinese restaurant and caused a man in a wheel chair to have a near-violent confrontation with the staff.  Why would you accept, without any evidence other than his subjective claims and some Bible citations, this man's view of the universe and reality?
031606792X|1.0|Breaking Dawn is one of the most poorly written books I've read.  Beyond the barely existent plot, the myriad of contradictions and the senseless characters readers are much more likely to enjoy the fanfiction. Before making your purchase please check out the various customer discussions regarding this book -- then make your decision.  I would hazard to guess a brief look at what others (beyond the fangurrlz) have to say about this book will save you the purchase price.
B000BKVQTS|1.0|Ima big fan of Damn and Ledger but this movie was well below them. Ledger was good in it but the story was just awful. Bad movie.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I am a huge fan of their music. I absolutely love their 80's stuff. I can listen to any 4 of those albums all the way through and get chills every time. I enjoy most of the black album and feel they put out some solid songs since then (not so much albums). St. anger... well... nevermind...    And here comes death magnetic. Honestly, I was dreading this album and ignored most news of Metallica after hearing their effort in 2003. But when i first heard 'the day that never comes' on the radio, i was blown away- not by the song itself (the song was decent the first time i heard it but has really grown on me since)- but that there was a solo!!! This gave me hope that the cd was worth buying, and for anyone on the fence... IT MOST DEFINITELY IS.    The best way that i can describe death magnetic is if you took the 90's metallica sound and threw it into the 80's metallica song structure. And that, i believe, is why so many of us feel that this song belongs between Justice and the black album. Shoot, i will even have to take the time to learn their new guitar work!! i couldn't be happier!! I strongly feel that Metallica is back on track and seriously, you have to check this cd out. enjoy
031606792X|4.0|I read the spoilers ahead of time, so I knew what to expect.  It thought it was....bizarre, but we're talking about a vampire book, the whole premise is bizarre.  It's also fiction, not a real life depiction of what relationships are like, or even supposed to be like.  I read it a second time and it was much better on the second read, although I could have done without some of the wordiness of Jacob's story.  There wasn't a lot of point to the last part of his story, where he was looking for someone to imprint on, except to show he wasn't capable of forcing it to happen.  We didn't need to know that.  I enjoyed the fact that the confrontation with the Volturi ended diplomatically.  Not everything has to end in physical violence.  I also enjoyed the neat, tidy wrap up.  It's nice to not wonder what is happening with characters when you know they lived happily ever after.  It's a shame that some readers can't take it for what it is, a work of fiction.  If you're dissatisfied with the ending, create a fanfic website and finish it yourself, then you have no reason to be upset!
B0000AUHPG|4.0|A line from Henry Fonda (as Frank) right before he eliminates a kid, never did Henry Fonda play a more ruthless character than in Sergio Leone's classic epic western, Once Upon a Time in the West, featuring an all-star cast with Charles Bronson, Jason Robards, the luscious Claudia Cardinale, genre actor Frank Wolff, character actor Jack Elam, and Woody Strode. The opening scene alone is classic with no dialogue for the first ten minutes into the film, there was a story the legendary director Sergio Leone once considered Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach, and Lee Van Cleef for the opening scene roles, of course they would be eliminated after the first scene, can you imagine these three desperados up against Charles Bronson, it makes you think, who would've won this battle, who knows, never happened. If you've never seen this Spaghetti western, it is a glorious spectacle to be seen, the greatest western ever made?, definitely in the top twenty, let's not forget about Peckinpah's, The Wild Bunch. This special two disc edition is presented in 16x9 widescreen at a cheap reasonable price.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Two Words; Hell Yeah.  This is by far the best work Metallica has done in a long time.  The Judas Kiss is my favorite song so far but the album is solid top to bottom.  Cannot wait to see them live again.  Life long Metallica fan to the end.
B000W07EKW|2.0|As each movie came out in theatres, I made sure to go see them ASAP, and they all rocked!  But when I deployed to Iraq my best friend sent me the books.  I could not put them down, in any free time I could find my nose was buried in the pages.  After the books were complete I got the movies to watch again and wow.  My perspective totally changed...for the worse.  The movies were not based on the books at all Except the main characters name was Jason Bourne.  The movies had incredibly weak plots compared to what the author Robert Ludlum wrote.  Even other critical characters were completely left out of the films!  If you liked the movies BUY THE BOOKS!  If you read the series, do not even rent the DVD's.
0743454537|5.0|This book is amazing.... The author captivates the readers attention in so many ways.... With this book expect the unexpected...its so thrilling that you can't put the book down... with this book you get it all drama, romance, mystery, ect... As a mother I was able to brainstorm and put myself in an uncomfortable position but that is what real life is all about....
076531178X|5.0|To be honest I bought this book because all the good reviews Elantris had and so I thought it could be as good... When I started reading, I saw that it was really good and got even better as I started to get deeper and be more involved with the story... This is a great book for any fantasy lover, for someone that wants not only fantasy but some political and real life situations!! i really recommend this book you will enjoy it as much as i did, and trust me when it ends you'll want to keep on reading
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is an excellent album, It was worth the wait. Forget about the crappy albums in the middle, is like Metallica took a long rest and is back with more great metal.    There are a few innovations in the sound like twing guitar rifs and even cool base riffs... I like this album a lot.    Don´t hesitate to buy it.
0307265730|2.0|Lahiri's skilled writing is transparent; words simply melt on your brain!  However, the sameness of her characters is boring. I could skip pages and didn't feel if I missed anything. To describe her book an imagery of a surgical room came before me: The operation room is ready for Dr.C.., Bengali doctor's skillful surgery. He enters with no expression on his face. He checks the gleaming surgical tools. Nurses become silent and steady their masks. He nods, pulling the mask over his face. The lights are on; patient lay motionless but fearless. Dr. C lifts the sheet and skillfully removes the band-aid from the patient's knee...
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Many Metallica fans have thought of them as sellouts ever since they released their first music video to \\"One\\" back in 1989.  After they enlisted producer Bob Rock for \\"The Black\\" album, Metallica became \\"radio friendly\\" with many songs coming in at around five minutes or less.  Load and Reload did little to reverse this, and St. Anger was easily the worst CD that Metallica ever released.  So it is with good reason that many have been sceptical about what to expect from Metallica's latest offering Death Magnetic.<br /><br />Some significant things have changed since St. Anger.  This is the first release from Metallica on their new record label, Warner Bros.  Many will cheer that producer Bob Rock is also gone having been replaced by renowned career resurrector Rick Rubin.  All of this is somewhat academic, though, unless the music also changed as a result.<br /><br />I'm pleased to report that Death Magnetic is somewhat of a Renaissance for Metallica.  While it will not be mistaken for what many consider to be the best trio of metal CDs made (Ride The Lightening, Master Of Puppets, and ...And Justice For All), it is a marked improvement over what Metallica has had to offer over the past 15 years.  Much of what you will hear falls somewhere between Justice and The Black Album.<br /><br />Right out of the gate on \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" many of the signs of old school Metallica are on display.  This song starts with a simple, bare, and undistorted guitar line, but it builds to full on thrash as we see that Lars Ulrich has remembered what drums on a Metallica album are supposed to sound like.  Before the first verse starts, James Hetfield and Kirk Hammett remind us what the dual guitar lines can sound like.  And yes, Kirk Hammett's soloing is also back, and he does not disappoint.  The next two tracks continue to crunch along, but some will lose heart when \\"The Day That Never Comes\\" come up.  However, it manages to finish much stronger than it starts.  As if sensing that they needed to dial it back up, \\"All Nightmare Long\\" returns to full on shredding and goes from there.  The combined guitar lines and drum line create a tempo that feels like it could match the speed of helicopter blades.  This song also finds Metallica on the familiar theme of mental stability heard on \\"Welcome Home Sanitarium\\" and \\"The Frayed Ends Of Sanity\\" from days of old.<br /><br />When I looked at the track listing before hearing any of the songs, I had concern when I saw \\"The Unforgiven III\\".  My first thought was, \\"Do we really need another rehash of the radio hit 'Unforgiven'?\\"  However listening to the song showed me that my concern was in vane.  While \\"The Unforgiven\\" and \\"The Unforgiven II\\" are fairly straightforward, \\"The Unforgiven III\\" is more metaphoric as it relates life's torment to sea adventures in search of gold gone awry.  The lyrics actually don't include the word \\"unforgiven\\" making the title choice a bit puzzling, but I think that \\"The Unforgiven III\\" is better than either of its namesakes.<br /><br />All in all, Death Magnetic is solid heavy metal CD, but I expect reaction to it to be very mixed.  The part of the Metallica fan base who will enjoy this the most are those who liked ...And Justice For All and The Black Album.  They don't reach far enough back for the oldest of old school fans while those looking for Load or Reload will also likely be disappointed.  Hopefully having a better idea of where this fits in the Metallica spectrum will help you decide if it is for you or not.<br /><br />Download this:  All Nightmare Longit back up, \\"All Nightmare Long\\" returns to full on shredding and goes from there.  The combined guitar lines and drum line create a tempo that feels like it could match the speed of helicopter blades.  This song also finds Metallica on the familiar theme of mental stability heard on \\"Welcome Home Sanitarium\\" and \\"The Frayed Ends Of Sanity\\" from days of old.    When I looked at the track listing before hearing any of the songs, I had concern when I saw \\"The Unforgiven III\\".  My first thought was, \\"Do we really need another rehash of the radio hit 'Unforgiven'?\\"  However listening to the song showed me that my concern was in vane.  While \\"The Unforgiven\\" and \\"The Unforgiven II\\" are fairly straightforward, \\"The Unforgiven III\\" is more metaphoric as it relates life's torment to sea adventures in search of gold gone awry.  The lyrics actually don't include the word \\"unforgiven\\" making the title choice a bit puzzling, but I think that \\"The Unforgiven III\\" is better than either of its namesakes.    All in all, Death Magnetic is solid heavy metal CD, but I expect reaction to it to be very mixed.  The part of the Metallica fan base who will enjoy this the most are those who liked ...And Justice For All and The Black Album.  They don't reach far enough back for the oldest of old school fans while those looking for Load or Reload will also likely be disappointed.  Hopefully having a better idea of where this fits in the Metallica spectrum will help you decide if it is for you or not.    Download this:  All Nightmare Long
B001AJVR5M|1.0|Both the Jonas Brothers and Miley Cyrus (yes, hilary duff too) suffer from weak vocals.  I'm sorry but I can't stand their voices.  They can barely sing and yet they have thousands of fans.  I don't even think they're attractive.  At least Vanessa Hudgens is attractive.  I couldn't finish listening to this album it's so bad.  The lead single \\"Burning Up\\" is just horrrible.  Sorry for hating on the Jonas Brothers but the truth needs to be said!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Best album from a musical point of view since justice.     probably the WORST I've ever heard in terms of Mastering. Clips and distorts all over the place.     The Loudness wars claims it's highest profile victim yet.     Get this album by whatever means you prefer (buy, download, etc) because yes the music is THAT good, but you have been warned about the sound.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Let's get this straight.  The people who now listen to, buy, and review Metallica records are not the same people who listen to heavy, underground music.  If they were, then the new Exodus, Death Angel, and Testament records would be selling millions...and they're not.  No, the original Metallica audience is gone long ago, replaced by those fans who probably enjoy the Van Halen reunion, dig Guns N Roses, and like Ozzy's stuff. More the mainstream, \\"radio\\" metal crowd. It's a totally different crowd.  I personally would never attend a Van Halen concert now, and I certainly would not go see Metallica ever again.  Nevertheless, this ain't bad, but it ain't the same.  If you truly crave some new 'old school thrash', I dare you to pick up the above mentioned CD's and also the new Bonded by Blood (the band) and Hatchet CD's.  But my guess is you won't.  They don't play that stuff on the radio.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Musically, this album is great. It is the best album since And Justice For All.     The mastering is, however, extremely atrocious and ruins the experience. The album uses what is known as hard limiting or brickwalling to make the album artificially louder at the expense of dynamics and overall sound quality. This has been an unfortunate trend with CDs for several years now and especially with rock music. This album in particular used so much hard limiting that it causes distortion and other sound issues on many systems.
0439813786|5.0|I just have to say that the school librarian knew just the book when asked by my 8 year old \\"I need a really big book, can you help me?\\" He had been getting tired of reading through the Jack and Annie books in an hour or two and was ready for a book not as scary as Harry Potter and the other bigger ones out there.<br />Hugo caught his attention right off. He was so into the book that he couldn't put it down. When he finished all I heard was \\"that was the best book ever!\\" He is going to try and write a review for Hugo in his school library. To support my child through his reading we traded nightly and took turns reading it. It caught my attention and the pictures lead me and my son perfectly through the book. Excellently written!
B000002B30|5.0|They dont call him the Boss for nothing.  Bruce Springsteen makes great rock music for middle America.  People are always going to complain that there are tracks missing, these people are true fans and probably already own all the albums...to this I say make your own greatest hits cds on your computer.  However to fans that are casually into Bruce Springsteen this is a great cd packed with well known songs.  For my two cents Glory Days is the best song on the album followed by Secret Garden.  Even if you are not a big rock fan this album is worth your money.
B000002UB3|5.0|This is the best album from The Beatles.  I've been a fan of them since I was 13!  I know that was a long time ago in the 90's but I liked so many of their songs.  They have a sound taht stands the test of time!  This is definately their best album.  Every song is great and get stuck in your head.  This is my favorite Beatles album and you're music collection isn't complete without this one!
B0008ENICU|5.0|\\"The Women\\" could have been a negligible film without the great casting and the subsequent great acting! But what makes this a true classic is the sudden,startling (and delightful) use of technicolor in the middle of a black and white film.  The technicolor fashion parade is fascinating.  And along with the view of these wealthy women with too little to do, set in the midst of the of the black and white reality of widespread poverty that existed in that time,the beauty of  the technicolor accentuates the contrast between the \\"haves and have-nots\\" of the pre-World War II era. \\"The Women\\" could serve as part of a documentary of that financial and social disparity.  I must say, however, that \\"The Women\\" is first and foremost a wonderfully witty film -- and just plain fun!  I doubt that the remake will be as fascinating.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|First off I am pretty blown away by this album!  I just picked it up this morning and expected I would have to listen to it multiple times before I could form an opinion.  But from the opening dark ringing notes of the first track 'That Was Just Your Life' I instantly felt the nostalgia of classic albums like Master, Ride, and Justice!      Wow, I really didn't think they could do it?  I am not saying this album is as good as those, only time will tell, but just the fact that it can be mentioned in the same breath as those is shocking to me!    First off this is one heavy album!  Like old Metallica, there are riffs everywhere, timechanges, long dynamic songs, and Kirk Hammet rips off furious leads everywhere like he has just been released from the oppressed prison that he's been contained in for the last 16 years!  And songs like 'That Was Just Your Life', 'The End of the Line', 'All Nightmare Long', and 'The Judas Kiss'(Killer Chorus!), just take you back!    Some have complained about the production, but it sounds great to me!  Very heavy and in your face!  At least in my car stereo anyway, I may notice this when I load onto my i-pod or something?      I have never hated on the band, nor am I a Metallica fanboy.  I am a metal fan first and foremost so I judge albums on their own merit.  But as a metal fan I just didn't enjoy Load, Reload, or St. Anger at all.  I, like most metal fans, held Metallica in high regard until they totally dropped all traces of metal-ness and started making radio rock with Load.  As a lifelong metal fan I really felt betrayed and struggled with the fact that Metallica sold out so bad.  It kinda felt like I was cheated on.  It was even hard for me to listen to the classic Metallica albums knowing what they had become now.  Well this album definatly brings back the fonder memories I have for Metallica, and I never thought that would happen again honestly.    I can't imagine any long time fan not liking this album?  This is exactly what we've all been asking of Metallica for the last 16 years!  Go back to playing the thrash metal of your roots!  Now they have finally done it!  Even it is not as good as the first 4 masterpieces at least it's darn close and at this stage of the game I'll take that anyday over another Load or St Anger!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|When I popped this in to listen I was amazed by the music. Truely the best thing from Metallica in quite a while. However, I was dissapointed because I thought that my Bose headphones had been blown out previously. I was going to go take them back to have them replaced so I could listen to this incredible album with ultimate sound quality. Turns out my headphones are fine. Whoever did the editing/mixing on this album made a lot of errors.  Don't be mistaken. This is not a \\"harsh\\", \\"metal\\", \\"ruff\\" garage sound or an overproduced editing of the album. Such sound would be a matter of personal taste and preference.  It is hard to argue that these errors on the album were intended to sound this way. Any technical savy audiophile could run the songs through software and see all the errors in editing up close. A lot of the time when loud notes hit on this album it sounds static and crunchy, like your speakers are blown out. It is pretty obvious, even to the lay audio person, that these are mistakes in editing/production of the sound.  All that aside, this album is amazing. As long as their mixer isn't their stage sound man, it should be killer live. The poor folks at itunes customer service are going to have their hands full dealing with all the claims that the downloaded copies of this album are messed up.  Such a shame, since this is an album that is meant to be played loud and hard.  I hope they come out with a re-issue or even some sort of a patch. I'm sure someone out there will fix the problems and post the album for illegal download so that fans who care about sound quality can enjoy it. Hmmm.. Probably not really the business direction Metallica had in mind.  If not, I guess we'll have to wait 15 years for the digitally remastered version.  Note: I downloaded this from iTunes so the actual CD might not have the same problems.
0061438294|4.0|I enjoyed this book. The author seemed to have a more scientific background than some of the other books I read on this. The reasoning behind WHY we make certain movements was interesting, and the fact that he worked for the FBI makes me more inclined to use his analysis.  Fun to read as well.
B000002WYT|5.0|I would like to state that I am a Dave Matthews fan and own all of his albums.  Crash is hands down not only my favorite DMB album but on my top list of all cds (I own over a 1000 cds).<br /><br />The DMB is known as a touring band that can take any song and turn it into a 10 minute jam.  Most of the crowd favorites of any concert are songs off the Crash album.  In my opinion the entire album is solid from the well known to the least known.  I would be comfortable in saying that the DMB should offer a money back gurantee on this album since everyone that I know enjoys it including a buddy who listens to bands such as Slayer.<br /><br />If you are reading reviews to decide if this cd is worth the money, I can only say put it in the cart you will not be disappointed.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|I sure wish Metallica would do us all a favor and throw in the towel already! They have their millions and their place in music history is secure it's their place in metal history that takes a beating every time they put out a new turd of an album. I was hoping all the hype on this new Death Magnetic disk  would reverse the trend but unfortunately it doesn't. Some argue that Metallica have been maturing and evolving over the last couple of decades and while I will admit they have shown bravery in experimenting with their sound the results have not been worth the effort. The music they put out is boring and stale and even though much has been said about their returning to their roots on this new one their attempts at sounding \\"hard\\" and or \\"angry\\" are pathetic. Let's face it they just don't have what it takes to keep up with state of the art metal nowadays, bands like Lamb of God or Opeth (to name just a couple!)put them to more than shame. The fact that they no longer represent the zenith of metal would be o.k. if what they were doing was good in it's own right on it's own merits but it's just not good on any level, the writing right down to the production ( I guess you could say it's performed tight enough but the material still sucks). I won't go through a track by track analysis let's just say the fact that we get yet another \\"Unforgiven\\" installment says \\"loads\\" about their level of creative bankruptcy, who needs it? Other bands who are their contemporaries have managed to remain true to form despite getting long in the tooth like Slayer, Testament, Megadeth, even Anthrax so age is no excuse. Poor Rob having to endure playing with these shleps after years of jamming with superior musicians in Suicidal Tendencies and Infectious Grooves, oh well I guess the money is good.  P.S. Hate to be so harsh on one of my former favorite bands but even cartoon band Dethklok is better than this drek.
0930289234|5.0|i read this after seeing the movie preview, and i have to say, it was my first foray into graphic novels but definitely will not be my last! it was a little disconcerting having to look at the pictures while reading the words at first, but once i got used to that, this novel moved quite fast. the alternate world the author and artist have created is fascinating, and the characters are extremely well-developed. a definite must-read.
B000NVIXDW|5.0|From top to bottom, this is a great CD. Every track Michael does it perfect.  I have yet to see him in concert, but should I get the chance I will. Probably one of the greatest singers (now) of our time.  He has taken off where Frank Sinatra left off.  1. \\"The Best Is Yet to Come\\" (3:05) - (Cy Coleman/Carolyn Leigh) - One of Tony Bennett's all time greatest hits and Michael does it proud.     2. \\"It Had Better Be Tonight\\" (Meglio Stasera) (3:06) - (Mancini/Mercer/Migliacci) - Henry Mancini's catchy tune from \\"The Pink Panther\\", with a cool David Foster arrangement.     3. \\"Me and Mrs. Jones (4:33) - (Huff/Gamble/Gilbert) - Buble has a good thing going with this track     4. \\"I'm Your Man\\" (4:59) - (Leonard Cohen) - The beast won't go to sleep, has Buble bringing it home     5. \\"Comin' Home Baby\\" (3:27) - (Dorough/Tucker) - Buble shares the stage with Boyz II Men, with a Mel Torme classic tune     6. \\"Lost\\" (3:40) - (Buble/Arden/Chang) - An original song with a relationship that Buble puts behind him with this heartfelt lyrical masterpiece     7. \\"Call Me Irresponsible\\" (3:16) - (Cahn/Van Heusen) - Big hit for Jack Jones but move over, Buble is taking this one on and filling those big shoes nicely     8. \\"Wonderful Tonight\\" (4:12) - (Eric Clapton) - (duet with Ivan Lins) - And then she asks Buble and Lins, Do I look alright ... they reply we feel wonderful cause we see the love light in your eyes     9. \\"Everything\\" (3:33) - (Buble/Change/Amy Foster Gilles) - a Buble original sets this album apart from the rest, youe every song, and I sing along cause you're my everything     10. \\"I've Got the World on a String\\" (2:47) - (Arlen/Koehler) - Lifes a wonderful thing as long as I hold that string     11. \\"Always on My Mind\\" (4:30) - (James/Thompson/Christopher) - Girl I'm so sorry I was blind, you were always on my mind     12. \\"That's Life\\" (4:15) - (Gordon/Thompson) - Many times I thought of cutting out, but my heart won't buy it     13. \\"Dream\\" (5:05) - (Johnny Mercer)- Doesn't get any better with one of my all time favorite songwriters and his classic 1944 tune, with the best arranger on the planet Johnny Mandel
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This album rocks.  I could care less about what Metallica \\"used to sound like\\" or what they \\"should sound like\\", I LOVE this album.  The riffs rock, the vocals are spot on, and the bass and drums keep me rockin.    So far my favorite song has to be Cyanide, but it was a tough choice.  I really dig the instrumental piece (track 9), and I love the mix of all the sounds Metallica brought to the table.    Don't listen to the naysayers, they are just whiny babies that forgot it is the artists who choose what to create, not the fans who are fickle.  Is it the best album ever?  Probably not, but it is highly enjoyable and gives me more memorable music to rock out to.
0880796863|5.0|As a beginner of Tarot reader and a stranger to the western culture, Original Rider Waite Tarot Deck is more friendly and easily to get start.<br />I even brought two Decks, one for playing and the other for saving.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Death Magnetic is simply amazing! I was really happy to hear the bone crushing sounds again. This is definately better than their previous effort St. Anger. My Apocalypse reminds me so much of Slayer. Go out and get this people! Rock on!!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Ok, first off, being 28 I first got into Tallica back in 1991 (i was 11) when the black album came out.  Now, being a young tike I did not know about their other albums.  Fast forward 3 years when I then started to get their back catalogue in reverse order (Justice, Puppetts, Ride, Kill) and I fell in love with each.    Now, what I didn't get was the fact that people started to say that Black was a sellout album.  Then I would hear that Justice was because of the video for one.  Then I heard that, since it cracked the top 30, many people considered Puppetts a sell out album AND THEN, because of Fade To Black (a classic everyone loves) being on Ride and since it was a ballad, people yelled sellout after that album.  SImply put, they have been called sellouts since 1984 and you know what, they are not sell outs.  They didn't go mainstream, the mainstream came to them.  As Jason Newstead was quoted saying one time \\"Yes, we sell out, we sell out every venue and everyday of every tour we play,\\" which I love because some of you have to realize 2 things, one, if you started with Kill and were a teen then, this is NOT a band only for you and those like you. I can't stand when peoople call a band a sellout just because they get popular as that is the weakest thing you can say, 2nd its ok to not only be popular but to do what you want.  Like it or not, Metallica has marched to their own drummer since day one.  Yes, load and reload kinda sucked and St. Anger, well, let's not touch that one.  But by and far I give them even more respect for putting out what THEY want to, not what there \\"fans\\" want them to put out.  Despite what some of you say, if every album sounded like Puppetts, they would not be where they are and you would complain that each album is the same ol same ol.      With that said, on to the subject at hand, DEATH MAGNETIC! Though still not quite there yet, most every song seems like something that fits between justice and the black album (except Unforgiven 3, more later) and this was the album I think people were hoping for in 1996 when load hit. I'm not going to give a break down of every song since too many people have already done that, but needless to say, most all the songs work and sound tight.  Kirk is back to shredding like he did on Pre Black albums and Lars uses the double bass doing gallops, trippletts, and so on so fast and so well that I wonder if his 45 year old legs will hold up on tour.      The only dissappointment for me is the Unforgiven 3.  Not that it is a bad song but, it does not fit with the other 2.  U1 was my first song of Metallica's that I would listen to over and over again.  U2, while not bad, gave a bluesy type vibe but it still felt connected to part 1.  Now, when I started to play Unforgiven 3, I knew at the start it would not fit because of not having the horn type intro that the other 2 have.  I give mad props for the piano work though, no doubt as that is like a WTF is this doing ehre moment but it works.      The only other song that seems a bit off is the first single, the day that never comes.  It feels like 3 songs tied together and then it just stops, almost like they didnt want to do a fade out but didnt know how to end it.      All the other jams on here take me back to the day though let me tell you and though the 2 songs I mentioned are a bit off, they are still decent in their own right.      So, should you get this album?  Well, that depends.  If you are a close minded individual that basically stopped with Metallica's Puppetts album then it may not be for you.  If you are open to hearing everything and also dug justice and black, you'll love this album.  FInally, if you didnt reall know who Metallica was or you think Load was their first album ever, you should give this a shot because while different from the load sessions, it is not as hardcore as their first 4 albums.  I will say though, if you fall into that last group and dig this album, then it is a guarantee you will like all their albums (except maybe St. Anger.  I mean WTF was going on there???)    So, give it a shot but if you do, please, for the love of GOD, stop using the word \\"sellout\\" because really, if that is all you can say, we shouldnt be taking music advice from you!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I had heard about this show from several of my friends for a looooong time before I finally decided to watch it.  It was an amazing series and I actually felt a little sad when I got to the last episode, knowing that there were no more.
0596522347|1.0|I have to rain on the parade of this book and Garr Reynold's book (and other ones).<br /><br />The message is \\"I'm one of the best slide designers in the world (which is true) and I'm going to show you WHY.\\"<br /><br />The message should be \\"I'm one of the best slide designers in the world and I'm going to show you HOW.\\"<br /><br />You'll see plenty to interest you, but unless you're a full-fledged graphic designer you'll never recreate these slides. Imagine putting this book (and the Reynold's book) into a room with some of your worst slide creators, or even yourself. Would you see an improvement in their skills? I doubt it.<br /><br />You might as well become a painter by reading books that have the world's greatest pictures in them. Even though there is explanatory text here it isn't enough to bridge the gap.<br /><br />To see a book written for its audience, try the \\"Before and After\\" books by Jon McWade which deal with desktop publishing. Unfortunately John has not yet tackled slides, but you can see an page layout idea and make it yourself in minutes.<br /><br />So, sorry about this, because both this and Reynold's book are \\"nice\\" books. The energy has gone into the book's design and production rather than the content. But that makes them coffee-table books, and unless you have a coffee table in your office I'd advise that you give both of them a miss.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Been a Metallica fan for a very long time. I have alltheir albums and I consider \\"Ride The Lightning\\" their best album ever( I know some people consider \\"Master of Puppets\\" the best ever, which is also one of my favorites). I've always managed to keep an open mind on all their albums, even with \\"Load\\" and \\"Reload\\". When \\"St. Anger\\" came out I thought it was a descent album. Was it their best? No. Did it have some good song? Yes. Could it have been better? Absolutely. After 6 albums with Bob Rock, Metallica did need a change. I think Rick Rubin was the right man for the job considering all the bands he's worked with in the past( Slayer, Slipknot, SOAD, RAGE and many more). When I first heard \\"The Day That Never Comes\\", It definitly reminded me of a Metallica classic \\"One\\". After buying the cd, it definitly felt like a more evolved mixture of old and new Metallica. Songs like \\"This Was Just Your Life\\", \\"The End Of The Line\\", \\"All Nightmare Long\\", \\"Cyanide\\" and \\"My Apocalypse\\" are pure adrenaline jams that keeps your blood pumpin. \\"The Judas Kiss\\" is fast becoming my favorite song on this album. Even the \\"The Unforgiven III\\" has good sound thats way different from the first two Unforgivens, although the original Unforgiven is still the best out of the three. All in all, \\"Death Magnetic\\" will show that Metallica is still one of the best bands of all time. A band that has gone through so many ups and downs throughout the years and still keep coming back. Can't wait to see them live later this year.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|DM is an incredibly dynamic album. No fillers. Songs are complex and melodic, yet thrashy enough. Go ahead and buy it and ignore the nay-sayers who bitch about the production - much fuss about nothing, when you put it in the context of this amazing music.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|On one hand, it's nice to hear Metallica playing actual bona fide metal again for the first time in almost 20 years. On the other hand, it's kind of frustrating to hear material that is so close to harkening back to their classic 80s work... but is held back by Rick Rubin's signature production style. It reminds me of what happened in ye olden tymes, back when Slayer's first records were produced by Brian Slagel and had a lot of reverb and space in the mix- and then Rick Rubin produced Reign In Blood, which had NO space at all. It sounded like the band was playing six inches in front of your face. And It Was Good; it was exactly what Slayer needed. But this is the other side of the coin. It sounds like Metallica is playing right in front of me in their little rehearsal space... but these songs yearn to sound as though they're being played from a mountain top and into the very face of God. Which is pretty much how most of their other records sound. Rubin's intimate style is perfect for many records, but it's just not working for me here. I'm going to give this many listens and let it have a chance to grow on me. For now, I'm a bit on the disappointed side. Ironically, I can hear the clipping so many other people are in an uproar over, but I find that to be a pretty minor issue compared to the production itself. Again, the songs themselves absolutely @#$%ing SHRED. I expect them to sound much better live.<br /><br />Back to the music itself... I think DM might end up being Metallica's &#34;White Album&#34;. Not in The Beatles sense... but rather as an opposite counterpart to &#34;The Black Album&#34;. TBA was a transitional record, it was the bridge between the epic RTL/MOP/AJFA work and the Load/Reload approach. Perhaps DM is the bridge that will lead them back. I don't think they're there yet.<br /><br />(For the record, I've been listening to Metallica since Puppets in '86, I loved Load, I liked St. Anger, and my least favorite is TBA.)<br /><br />EDIT 3/23/15: I just bought a new copy, it's different from the original I bought 7 years ago. I'm mainly talking about the packaging. It's now on Metallica's own label Blackened Recordings, and it comes in a standard jewel case. (Which I love, honestly I think those multi fold-out fancy CD packages are a pain in the ass.) Now, I could be wrong here, it very well could be my imagination-- but I could ~swear~ that the sound quality is noticeably improved on this edition. I remember the clipping on the original, whenever I listened to it it kind of made me feel as if I had a head cold. But that doesn't happen on this new version. I know everyone involved said there was nothing that could be done to fix what was wrong with the album's sound (or flat out denied that anything was wrong) but I really think they did something to improve it a bit. It really does sound better than what I remember. It's probably been two or three years since I last listened to the original.fferent from the original I bought 7 years ago. I'm mainly talking about the packaging. It's now on Metallica's own label Blackened Recordings, and it comes in a standard jewel case. (Which I love, honestly I think those multi fold-out fancy CD packages are a pain in the ass.) Now, I could be wrong here, it very well could be my imagination-- but I could ~swear~ that the sound quality is noticeably improved on this edition. I remember the clipping on the original, whenever I listened to it it kind of made me feel as if I had a head cold. But that doesn't happen on this new version. I know everyone involved said there was nothing that could be done to fix what was wrong with the album's sound (or flat out denied that anything was wrong) but I really think they did something to improve it a bit. It really does sound better than what I remember. It's probably been two or three years since I last listened to the original.
B001CDLAT4|5.0|When someone asks me what are my favorite movies I tell them this is my all time favorite.  If that doesn't grab them I say 'and there is no dialogue'.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I will keep this short as other reviews go into specifics, with song by song analysis.  Upon hearing some tracks online I really didn`t know what to expect or what to feel.  I bought the CD today and listened to it once and I have to say I am impressed.  I want to stress that people who are thinking of buying this CD shouldn`t do so because you think it`s your chance to relive the good old days.  Much has been discussed how this album is a return to Master of Puppets and the early years.  Although there are times when you are reminded of parts of those albums, this new CD really represents where Metallica is today.  I think the CD sounds great, and the performances are top notch.  I also think that this CD will take a few spins before the songs start to grow on you.  There are no songs like Enter Sandman that jump out at you right away, but I think this is a good thing.  This CD is the best thing they have done since the Black album, and it puts Metallica on the right path to follow for future releases.  I think Load, Unload and St-Anger were crap albums and a complete waste of time.  For anyone else that feels the same way, this new CD will turn that perception around and help to rebuild your confidence in Metallica.  Don`t expect them to ever recreate Lightning or Puppets.  Those albums were done during a different time and the band now are in a different place.  I think we need to support this band and keep an open mind in regards to what they are trying to achieve today.  With all great bands that enjoy this type of success, it is only normal that they will fall from grace and get lost in terms of direction.  Metallica has done a fine job in finding their way back to the all mighty metal path and hopefully not get lost again.
0930289234|4.0|I read this graphic novel in anticipation of the movie, and because it keeps showing up on best fiction lists.<br />I will preface this with the admission that I am a casual consumer of graphic novels, not a connoiseur.<br /><br />I was impressed by the depth of the characters and their dilemmas. I can totally see how Watchmen influenced graphic novels and comics to come with its density and thoughtfulness, its antihero stance, and articulate commentary.<br /><br />That said, having changed the future, I found it feeling a little dated, perhaps like listening to the Beatles. You realize the power of the message at the time, but from 2008, it isn't quite as fresh.<br /><br />I much preferred Moore's \\"League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.\\" To me, that seemed timeless and yet carried the same emotional resonance as  Watchmen.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Was a fan of Metallica all through the Black Album, but after that they lost me with their change of style.      This CD is back to the And Justice For All days.  Warm-up your neck, you will be headbanging again to Metallica with Death Magnetic!!
B00005JNX0|5.0|I must admit to not being a fan of the Dreamworks animations. They don't look particularly inventive, the voice talent is often at best distracting, or at worst, poor, and the stories are very sparse.  Madagascar really is no exception to the rule. We first meet the heroes of the film - the animals - at the New York Zoo. Marty (voiced by Chris Rock) is a zebra bored with captivity and longing for the freedom of the wild. Alex (voiced by Ben Stiller) is a vain yet cowardly lion, happy to pose for the public in his cage, and so full of himself that he buys Marty little icons of himself as birthday presents. Melman (voiced by David Schwimmer) is a hypochondriac giraffe, while Gloria the hippo (voiced by Jada Pinkett Smith) is an earth momma, keeping her pals in check.  There is a also a small mafia of penguins in the zoo who want to go to Antarctica. These are funny and inventive characters, but a little at odds with the rest of the film.  This film has its moments - the animals going on the subway to Grand Central Station; the squirrels and chipmunks who rule the island of Madagascar (the wild Marty is so keen on); and the film and TV references - Hawaii Five O, Born Free, Chariots of Fire, American Beauty, and more.  But the characters are two-dimensional, the script is needlessly childish (yes, I know it is for kids, but give them some credit for having brains), and the film is pretty pointless, other than the same old 'you've got a friend' theme that pervades almost every film from the studio. The voice talent is just OK (and Ben Stiller in particular makes Alex irritating) and the animation is boring.  Not one I'd rush to see again.
B000059LGC|1.0|just like the VHS version of this film , there are no closed captions . that would have been fine if there were subtitles . if you are deaf ? if you have some hearing impairment ? (like me) . if you keep the volume low out of consideration for others in your household ? if you're not british ? (like me) .  if you don't wish to fain that you understood all the proceedings (with their endless parade of names) ? (like me) . don't purchase this film . send a message to the powers that be (ANCHOR BAY) , that we like film too .
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I listened to the album when it first leaked, and I HATED it! It was nothing like what I thought it would be. I listened to it again and it was OK. Today, I bought the actual copy and after another listen, I LOVED it!!! Sure, it's not as good as Master of Puppets, but it sure is a solid album. After 5 pathetic albums, this is a breath of fresh air from those other ones. Metallica aren't the best band ever, but they've made a comeback for sure.<br /><br />THAT WAS JUST YOUR LIFE: 9/10: One of the songs that needs to grow on you. I didn't like it when I first heard it, but it gets better when you hear it more. In the usual tradition, a slow start and then evolve into a metal-up-your-arse track that definitely hits hard.<br /><br />THE END OF THE LINE: 10/10: Great track! Best on the album for sure. Jaymz's vocals truly sound good here, definitely his best vocal performance.<br /><br />BROKEN, BEAT, AND SCARRED: 8/10: A little St. Anger-ish, but that isn't a bad thing. Great guitar work and bass.<br /><br />THE DAY THAT NEVER COMES: 2/10: The worst track on the album. Not every song has to be MOP-lite, but this could have been left off the album.<br /><br />ALL NIGHTMARE LONG: 10/10: AWESOME!!!! 2nd best track on the album. Great track with a cool ending that's heavy and in your face.<br /><br />CYANIDE: 7/10: Catchy bassline but suffers from a case of being too ordinary.<br /><br />UNFORGIVEN III: 9/10: Great song, reminds me of Unforgiven II on Reload. Very good lyrics and I love the ending to the song.<br /><br />THE JUDAS KISS: 10/10: Awesome. Truly in your face and even has a good solo!<br /><br />SUICIDE AND REDEMPTION: 8/10: Different, but still good. Not like their other instrumentals, but in a good way.<br /><br />MY APOCALYPSE: 5/10: Meh, could be longer. I felt like it ended too quick.<br /><br />Overall, this is a VERY good album, some Excellent tracks and is a great album for sure. After a 5 pathetic albums, this gets the crown as a good comeback album.
B000TGCR38|5.0|I am not one to watch non-English speaking shows, I actually bought this by mistake (did not read the details properly).  But no regrets at all!  An exciting story line, it gave me a feeling like one of those old classic WWII movies which I enjoy so much.  But, keep it away from the kids, though (quite a bit of nudity).
1878424505|5.0|A short tome that is easily readable. Upon reflection, and a willingness to try the Four Toltec agreements, it could lead to change in your life. This book was brought to my attention by the interview in Esquire of Tom Brady. It is easier said than done to follow the four agreements put forth, but they are great guidelines to attempt to follow.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|I'll be quite short. I like Metallica. I liked all of their albums except St. Anger and I really like the songs on this one but the sound is absolutely terrible and so much clipping is unaceptable! Just try and look at the waveforms of the songs. There is so much clipping it's hard to believe.     If you don't know what I'm talking about try turning up the volume and play track number 4 - The Day That Never Comes for an example. Around 3:45 when the song comes crashing down listen to how the sound is distorted (especially the drums at 3:48-3:58)... The rest of the song is horrible too... Just pay attention. It sounds like your speakers are BROKEN! Horrible... Such a shame... How could have they shipped this... How could they not notice such huge mistakes? Don't know if this is the casualty of the loudness war or something else but this is bad... And I'm mostly angry because I'd like to listen to this album but it's not even possible...    Oh... And here is the screenshot of the waveform of track 6 (Cyanide)... If you've seen one in your life you know this looks awful...    [...]
B0015D3Z4O|4.0|Like the music.  Can't stand to look at the Cover of the CD.  What was she thinking. Have to hide CD cover from my kids.  Yuck!
B0000AOV85|5.0|I have to say that I actually don't own this DVD, but I have seen it on VH1. If you are a Floyd fan, you have got to see this - it's fantastic. But if you want to buy this because you think it's a concert of Dark Side of Moon - don't!!! It's called \\"The Making of The Dark Side Of The Moon\\"....it isn't the music CD or a concert video. I don't see how some of these guys are giving this a 1 and 2 star rating because it doesn't have enough music on it - that's just plain stupid.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|This cd is better than St. Anger but that is not saying much. Honestly, the die cut cd cover is better than the music. Metallica seem to be noodleing on some songs and on other songs they could have been broken into two songs. The transistions during the songs aren't that good either. And Lars, I thought that he knew how to play the drums??? LOL    On the good side of it, some of the solos are great and James is sounding more like his old self.     Maybe next time they will get it right.
B000TXNDUW|4.0|At the forefront of the French New Wave along with François Truffaut ([[ASIN:B000E5LEV0 The 400 Blows]]), Alain Resnais ([[ASIN:B000093NR0 Hiroshima Mon Amour]]), and Louis Malle ([[ASIN:B000E5LEVA Elevator to the Gallows]]), Jean-Luc Godard broke all the rules in his 1960 directorial debut with a story borne out of American B-movie conventions but revitalized by his free-form narrative, hand-held camerawork (by Raoul Coutard) and jazz-infused editing style. On the surface, it seems like a standard young couple-on-the-run adventure, but Godard upends the predictability of the situation with a fresh, documentary-style perspective that emphasizes youthful impulses over morality lessons. Some of its fresh, brazen novelty has worn off over the years, but there is no denying its propulsive energy.<br /><br />The plot is deceptively simple. Michel Poiccard is a young, small-time criminal with a Bogart fixation, living for the moment and taking what he needs with no consideration for the possible consequences. His one obsession is Patricia Franchini, a pixyish New Yorker who lives in Paris and works part-time for the New York Herald Tribune. Michel steals a car in Marseilles and drives to Paris to see her again. On the way, however, he shoots a motorcycle cop with a gun found in the glove compartment of the stolen car. As the police close in on Michel, he holes up in Patricia's apartment and tries to convince her to run away with him to Rome. Godard wrote the script based on a story by Truffaut, and the plot emphasis is placed squarely on the dynamic between Michel and Patricia, especially in a lengthy dialogue scene in her apartment. The thriller aspects seem secondary until the last half-hour and the memorably bitter ending.<br /><br />In his breakthrough role, Jean-Paul Belmondo captures Michel's surly, amoral nature with a certain magnetic quality that announces his arrival. As the fashionably enigmatic Patricia, Jean Seberg was just 21 but had already been burned by Hollywood thanks to her mechanical performances in two Otto Preminger films, [[ASIN:B000AMCCLS Saint Joan]] and [[ASIN:B0000E5NPZ Bonjour Tristesse]]. She still strikes me a blank slate here, but it seems to work for the story because the viewer is left wondering what motivates her devotion to him and her final act of absolution. The two-disc 2007 Criterion Collection DVD set is as impressive as expected for the film's aficionados. Beyond a fairly pristine print of the movie, Disc One includes the original French trailer and 27-minutes worth of vintage interviews with Godard, Belmondo, Seberg, and director Jean-Pierre Melville (who has a memorable cameo as a pretentious author. Surprisingly, there is no commentary track from a film scholar, the usual supplement for special Criterion releases.<br /><br />Disc Two has the lion's share of the extras. There are recent interviews with Coutard and assistant director Pierre Rissient, as well as a ten-minute interview with documentary filmmaker D.A. Pennebaker and his brief experience working with Godard. Seberg gets special attention in an eighteen-minute film essay that covers her tragic life and career, and another essay, \\"Breathless as Criticism\\" has Chicago Reader film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum explaining the significance of the film for a new generation. There is a 78-minute documentary from 1993, \\"Chambre 12, Hotel de Suede\\" that traces the original film locales. Interviews with Belmondo, Coutard, and technical adviser Claude Chabrol are also included. Finally, there is a twelve-minute comedy short from 1959, \\"Charlotte et son Jules\\" co-starring Godard and Belmondo. A comprehensive eighty-page booklet accompanies the set.to her mechanical performances in two Otto Preminger films, [[ASIN:B000AMCCLS Saint Joan]] and [[ASIN:B0000E5NPZ Bonjour Tristesse]]. She still strikes me a blank slate here, but it seems to work for the story because the viewer is left wondering what motivates her devotion to him and her final act of absolution. The two-disc 2007 Criterion Collection DVD set is as impressive as expected for the film's aficionados. Beyond a fairly pristine print of the movie, Disc One includes the original French trailer and 27-minutes worth of vintage interviews with Godard, Belmondo, Seberg, and director Jean-Pierre Melville (who has a memorable cameo as a pretentious author. Surprisingly, there is no commentary track from a film scholar, the usual supplement for special Criterion releases.    Disc Two has the lion's share of the extras. There are recent interviews with Coutard and assistant director Pierre Rissient, as well as a ten-minute interview with documentary filmmaker D.A. Pennebaker and his brief experience working with Godard. Seberg gets special attention in an eighteen-minute film essay that covers her tragic life and career, and another essay, \\"Breathless as Criticism\\" has Chicago Reader film critic Jonathan Rosenbaum explaining the significance of the film for a new generation. There is a 78-minute documentary from 1993, \\"Chambre 12, Hotel de Suede\\" that traces the original film locales. Interviews with Belmondo, Coutard, and technical adviser Claude Chabrol are also included. Finally, there is a twelve-minute comedy short from 1959, \\"Charlotte et son Jules\\" co-starring Godard and Belmondo. A comprehensive eighty-page booklet accompanies the set.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I like many, wrote Metallica off after Reload.  I gave St. Anger a try and that was the nail in the coffin for me.  That is until I started hearing samples of, and full songs off of i-tunes, Death Magnetic.  I haven't been this excited for a Metallica album since Load (and that was only because they had been gone for so long).    Metallica is pissed off, and for good reason.  These guys were the pioneers of thrash metal (along with Slayer, Anthrax, and Testament, of course).  They were told they had lost their edge, they were too old to play metal music, and that they should just hang it up already.  We, Metallica fans, know how big of egos these guys have, and they used those egos to prove all the naysayers wrong (including myself).      The songs on Death Magnetic are fast, loud, technical, and the song writing is amazing.  This album is most certainly no St. Anger (which I thought could have been a good album had production been better.  The songs had promise but production made it unbearable to listen to).  Kirks solos are amazing, Lars' drum work it fast, Robert's basslines are just as good as Jason's (not near Cliff but that goes without saying) and James' voice sounds pretty damn good.  With every song on this record I found myself saying \\"Jesus Christ this is GOOD!\\"  Something I don't think I've said for a Metallica album since \\"Master of Puppets.\\"    Bottom line is this, if, like me, you wrote this band off with the past few albums, think again.  Metallica is back and they are better and more pissed off than before...and I like it....
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Having never purchased \\"St. Anger\\", I had no preconceived notion that this album would be similar. I was first introduced to Metallica like many by \\"One\\". The rest of the album got me interested in Kill'em All, Ride the Lightning, Master of Puppets and so on. So needless to say that with those titles in the past and their recent work sounding more like adult rock, I knew my opinion would not be generous should they release yet another bomb. I have to say, Lars (my hero), James, Kirk, Robert.... I wish to rejoin your fan club. I have only listened to each song a total of 1 time and that is all it took. This is the same type of music that caught my ear in the beginning.    Lars is back to his crazy drum beats that would absolutely make no sense in any other type of music. But for whatever reason, they not only work, they make the song addicting.    Kirk has the dirty guitar solo back. Yet another trait that had been lacking.    James has picked up his pen of old and started to write lyrics that only a Metallica fan can relate to. The type of lyrics that make you say \\"That is different. But I can totally relate\\".    And finally Robert. It is nice to meet you. No one needed to tell you that you had big shoes to fill. Cliff and Jason certainly had a unique style that they added and in my opinion you can add your name to the list. Not over the top but certainly noticeable bass lines that carry the song.    I recommend this album to any Metallica as a music purist. Hard to believe a Metallica fan took the time to write this I know. Listen for yourself, but hey I have to go, am going to go put this bad boy back into the stereo and precede to break stuff.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|What we have here is Metallica getting re-inspired by their roots of earlier thrash metal. Though crafting 10 modern Metal epics that ride. It's pure brilliance from start to finish. \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" is the best album opener I've heard in years with a great build up that launches you into the madness of the 74 minutes to come. \\"The End of the Line\\" is my personal favorite with an incredible intro I could never hear too much of. \\"All Nightmare Long\\", \\"The Judas Kiss\\", and \\"My Apocalypse\\" are all seriously heavy tracks which will not disappoint if you're looking for Puppets/Justice era quality. \\"The Day That Never Comes\\" is a modern rendition of songs like \\"Fade to Black\\" and \\"One,\\" Without loosing touch to the great feel of the Album. Cyanide is a head banger that has a killer break down ringing back to ...and Justice For All. \\"The Unforgiven III\\" brings a softer interlude with Piano and an Orchestra that builds up to one Epic guitar solo. It is a distant cousin of the other Unforgivens so If you're looking for a song just like them it might be a little different from what you expect. That being said it's still a moving track. Lastly the instrumental \\"Suicide & Redemption,\\" well I think Lars Ulrich was right when he called it a \\"Future rock n' roll hall of famer.\\" If you're a fan of any of Metallica's previous albums, or just a metal fan in general you will not be disappointed. Metal Album of the Decade! Buy it now!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Well... Death Magnetic. First off, if you are specting a Master of Puppets album, listen to MOP.    This is certanly one of Metallica's best, and a nice 2008 comeback as well. Though many songs are as old as about 2 years, you can see why it took to long to get this album ready. For the ones that have being following the making of this album since 2006, I can surely bet that we had a surprise once we began listening to their songs through Mission: Metallica or for some on Youtube.    Spolier: If you've heard what they called \\"They New Song\\" and \\"The Other new Song\\" when playing live on the Sick of the Studio and Escape from the Studio tours, well...not much of those tunes remainded on DM, only some parts of this early versions finished on the final cut.    If you are considering buying the album, if you are and old angry fan, a new fan, or just haven't had the chance to buy it, and are thinking about it, keep in mind the following:    1.- This is an album for strong mindend hardcore fans  2.- It's a Metallica album recorded by a much more mature Metallica  3.- You've read or heard there is a \\"Unforgiven\\" song, intitled \\"The Unforgiven III\\". Well there is no horn at the begining, and there is no signs of any of the old Unforgiven riffs or lyrics. It's totaly different.  4.- You've might have heard that, ONCE AGAIN, they recorded an instrumental tune... do not expect: Ktulu, Orion or To live is to die.  5.- Expect hard drumming, speed guitar riffs, \\"machine gun\\" riffs, some of the best Kirk's guitar solos, and great bass guitar sound.  6.- Last but not least... THIS IS A VERY DIFFERENT METALLICA ALBUM all the way.    To me, this album has taken me more to the ...And Justice era, more than anything, specialy on \\"The Judas Kiss\\" song, it has something after the intro that reminds me a lot of many songs on the Justice album.    Indeed, this album will have mixed reviews, many people will not like it, but millions more will.    I've being waiting the realease of this album for 2 years, and I'm nothing close to be desapointed. I recomend it if you have opened your mind about Metallica by now.    Remember one thing.. we al grow older, things change and Metallica has changed for good.  --------  An addition to my first post. About the sound quality. Well, I'm still waiting for my CD, but have it LEGAL on mp3 320kbs, so basicaly I'm listening anywhere. I have it on my Ipod Touch onto my aux on my car, some part of the songs do make a little crackle, and my USV does have a nice sound system, but in general it all sounds good, some other songs do mess a little with my ears, but nothing really out of the common ¿could it be so many years of metal? When I use my Ipod on me, I don't have this problem though.    Now, to all that have commented about this issue, I agree, if you have a quality concern regarding master and mixing... do the exact same thing that made Metallica management to consider a change recommendation of Producer (Bob Rock). Open a site for signatures and send them to Metallica land, it worked the first time, that tells me that they listen to our concerns.    METAL UP!!!! ENJOY
B001FEA9QU|5.0|Metallica is back!!  Let's all just pretend that St. Anger never happened.  Death Magnetic is ...And Justice for All meets Load.    Long songs with multiple parts, great rhythm guitar and hard hitting drums to complement the powerful chunking.  I love the long instrumental sections which are a throwback to the Justice and Puppets albums.    At first I thought the riffs and drums sounded maybe a bit simplistic in their technique but this isn't friggin' nu-metal, this is METAL.    My only complaint is that it isn't longer.  I think Rick Rubin's pop sensibilities have made this album very easy to listen to from start to finish and I'm really just looking forward to more!!  Enjoy.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|If you are or ever were a fan of Metallica, I don't know how you could not like this.  Doesn't need to be over analyzed or compared to work done 20+ years ago. It is just killer, plain and simple.
B00003CXCW|5.0|The eerie opening of the movie, sets the tone.  William Holden is speaking, telling of his experince and you realize that he is the dead man floating in the pool and it is a post-mortem spiel.  This is the one film that I remember Gloria Swanson for--her playing of the dusty movie relic who has an over-exaggerated sense of self-importance in Hollywood. In fact she is long forgotten.  William Holden had the unfortunate luck to get mixed up with her, and as the authorities are coming to take her away, she delivers her classic line, \\"Mr. DeMille, I am ready for my close-up.\\" Thinking that the members of the press are the production company of a new movie that she will star in.  Dementia rears its ugly head.  What a great classic movie.  Swanson and Holden are fabulous.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies.  I saw it four times so far. I love the fun, the music, the acting, the love, everything!  I first bought the ABBA CD with all the songs from Mamma Mia....then I bought this and even though the singing isn't all that professional, it is awesome.  If you saw the movie, you will love this CD.
031606792X|2.0|But this book sucked. I threw it literally across my room. I couldn't stand it especially the ending. Normally the series dont sound like fan fiction but this on is like she wasn't writing because she enjoyed it, she wrote what she thought we wanted to read. No! this book disappointed me to all full extents. When she was describing bella pushing her \\"shield\\" out of her mind I thought of a big bubble forming above her head. And the whole F'in point of this series is that Edward couldn't read her. Now I also find it weird that she pregnanted Bella, and the way it went down, because at first she could eat food, but after that... she couldn't cause the baby craved blood? she could have done a lot better. And on top of that the movie looks like it's gonna be crap.<br /><br />-I was a true fan before her website was updated and now doesn't look like a newbie website anymore. I think she sold out. But I'll still support.
1577314808|5.0|I lived with negativity in my life for years: grievances, fear, anxiety, panic, etc.  I became a self-help junkie and immersed myself in a ton of self-help/personal growth material.  I read one book after another. I listened to audio programs.  It was a continous cycle that lasted almost four years.  \\"The Power of Now\\" broke that cycle.     I was so identified with mind that I read the book once but it really didn't hit home with me.  But it was as if a small seed was planted in me (as described in the book).  I started practicing presence little by little and noticed profound positive changes.  And then I decided to read the book a second time around.  It was at that point that I really started getting amazing results.      Why was I a self-help junkie?  I wanted to let go of negative energy and be at peace.  Out the numerous books I read, \\"The Power of Now\\" was the only book that allowed me to FULLY let go of negative energy and experience peace for the first time in well over a decade.    Tolle points out that unless you're really fed up with suffering, you won't make that choice to become more present-oriented and thus be more at peace.  I was a self-help junkie because I was fed up with the intense negativity in my life.  I continued practicing presence and out of the blue, totally unexpected, I had what you may call an enlightenment experience.  I read the book again for the third time due to the experience.  I was so amazed.  I had a deeper understanding of what Tolle was talking about, particularly in Chapter One.  The first two times I read the book, I didn't understand what he was getting at because I never had the experience.  But after having that experience, those words TOTALLY made sense.  And I can't imagine any author expressing that any more crystal clear than Tolle.     I've had conversations with many people about this book. It seems to me that this book will hit home most with those who have suffered big time.  Whereas people who don't have it sobad will lack the motivation to look into this.
B0014BECF8|5.0|First of all he is my favorite singer ever! And not because he's hot and (I know he's not attracted to women) but he truly has the best voice. I've recently seen him live in NYC adn he sounds fantastic. This cd to me is #1. I can't wait for his new single in December.
031606792X|5.0|I loved this book along with the entire series!  I feel that Breaking Dawn was a perfect ending to the series.  It was what naturally should happen in a relationship (or course, it's with a vampire, so it WOULD NOT be exactly how it would be with two humans).  *Note that this book has more adult content than the previous three.  Thanks Stephenie for writing it!
B00001U0GQ|2.0|I bought this movie a while back on DVD glad to see when it came out.  Excited I put it in as soon as I got it.  Probably the biggest disappointment I've had in a long time.  It was no where near as good as the VHS.  Much of the dialogue is removed, including the before mentioned conversation between hawkeye and cora and several others.  Some scenes and dialogue were added, but mostly deletes.  The sound track does not align with the scenes very well.  It is obviously bent and stretched to accomodate the new stuff.  Overall I give it two stars only because it was a good movie before it was re-arranged.  I would highly recommend anyone buy the VHS and we can all hope that the company will release the original version on DVD soon.
031606792X|2.0|Spoiler free review<br /><br />I have read books 1,2,3 of the Twilight Saga and loved them all. When I read Breaking Dawn, I tried really hard to make myself to like it (really I did!), but wasn't able to. I found that the story lacked of the nice writing style it had in the first three books, I didn't find the plot lines very original (they seemed like fanfiction) and above all I felt like the characters where totally lost, since they said things and acted very differently from what they were like in Twilight, New Moon and Eclipse. Also I would like to point out to younger readers that might be uncomfortable with reading about sex, that this book is a bit more sexual than the first three.<br /><br />I personally felt very disappointed (sorry Stephenie) and wouldn't recommend this book to anyone unless you really want to finish reading the whole Saga.<br />I hope this review helps you!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I guess they had to hit bottom, aka 'St Anger' before they came back up.  This is the best they have been since 'Master of Puppets'.
B0014I4KIK|5.0|I don't know who Dusty Springfield is, and I could care less about Duffy being a contestant on British Idol, and some other stuff I read in the reviews here. All I care about is that I love the sound, the lyrics and her voice.  The lyrics are meaningful and beautiful, the voice is unusual and very pretty, the songs are amazing, and I can actually sing along with her.    I almost cry every time I hear \\"I'm Scared\\" song, because it echoes my own feelings.
B00008DDRX|5.0|What hasn't been said about Le Mans?? Short on story substance, long on action!!! If you've got a good surround system, let the glorious Porsche flat twelves and Ferrari v-twelves rip thru your speakers!!
B001EO748M|5.0|I have read the other reviews, and totally agree with them, very, very well done indeed.  My only query is that the series seems to be done by the BBC, and probably the cost is shared by Showtime.  Either way this is well worth seeing, the acting is nothing short of miraculous.  Don't be upset by the historical questions, it really doesn't matter that much.  Being educated in England, and having History crammed down my throat, for several years I thought that this series was very entertaining indeed.  Henry VIII was well known to be a willful character, and very influenced by his entourage.  You should try and see Keith Michell series, also well done by the BBC.  This is also available from Amazon as \\"The Six Wives of Henry VIII\\".    [[ASIN:B000EBD9VM The Six Wives of Henry VIII]]
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I have been a Metallica fan since \\"Master of Puppets\\" and have enjoyed every album they have released.   There seems to be three types of Metallica fans.      1 - Those that love their material before the black album but not after.    2 - Those that love their material after the Black album, but not before.    3 - Those that love their material before AND after the Black album.      Just so you know where I stand, I am in the third group.  I think their best album was \\"Master of Puppets\\", but this is probably because it was my first Metallica Record and you know how it is your first time.  You never forget.  Anyway, my second favorite is the Black Album and my third was St. Anger.  I know there will not be a lot of people that agree with me about St. Anger, but I loved that album.  I DO understand how people where turned off by the hollow drum sound on the album, but the songs where good and if you bought the original version that came with the DVD, you should go back and listen to the DVD.  The songs are much better on the DVD (in my opinion).  Anyway, I truly believe that Death Magnetic is the best Metallica album since the Black Album.  I have a hard time putting it above the Black Album or Master of Puppets, but it is close.  The problem is that some of the songs tend to lean towards the pre-Black album sound and some tend to lean towards the post-Black album sound and some sound like they could have been on St. Anger (without the hollow drum sound).  I don't know how this will go over with the different groups that I mentioned above, but I love it.
006082543X|5.0|My 10 year old daughter is not a big reader and given her age she's in the \\"between\\" stage.  I read the book first and could not put it down.  After I gave it to her, she could not put it down. She likes it so much she shows it to all of her friends.  I definitely reccomend this.
0525950079|5.0|I have just read about 100 pages and I cannot stop reading... utterly amazing and advisable...
B001BJ6918|5.0|The Good Things<br />*Blu-Ray has excellent picture quality.  I don't think there's any grainy parts at all; it's completely crisp and clear.<br />*Great sound quality.  Sounds clearer and more balanced than previous DVD release.<br />*Includes a 26-minute making-of featurette, a deleted scene, and a musical performance.  It's not a whole lot of features (in fact, the same as from the DVD), but at least it has something.<br />*Some good action and fighting.<br />*Some good visuals. Still a smooth and clear picture.<br />*Still a good story, with a very good conclusion. Also fills in lots of gaps from the first film.<br />*Still an excellent group of characters that you can relate to. It is especially interesting to see Bill for the first time, among other things.<br />*Dialogue is strong and interesting.<br />*More interesting music.<br />*Lots of homage to westerns, kung fu, and anime. These elements are blended together to make a very unique picture.<br /><br />The Bad Things<br />*It's not the \\"Wholy Bloody Affair\\" edition.<br />*It's longer and there's much less action.<br />*Still has some absurd, unrealistic parts (but this can be a good thing, because it makes the film stylish and fun).<br /><br />This is a definite must-see for anybody who has seen the first film. All of the missing story elements are present, and brings everything into clarity. The conclusion is excellent (even if there is no fighting). I don't think this is as stylish or exciting as the first film, but it is definately worthwhile to see the complete story.<br /><br />Whether or not it is worthy of replacing the DVD is entirely up to you.  I liked the movie enough to go for it, and at the very least, I am pleased with the picture/sound quality.  I'll still want to grab the \\"Whole Bloody Affair\\" edition (you know, unrated director's cut with shedloads of special features and other crud) whenever it comes out, but considering that it never existed in the first place, I am not one to complain.  Heck, I might even keep this copy, so I have the theatrical cut.  Altogether, I don't agree with the others who complain.  It's still a good movie, and it's of good quality..  Altogether, I don't agree with the others who complain.  It's still a good movie, and it's of good quality.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Death Magnetic was released on September 12, 2008. The album is Metallica's ninth studio album of original material. The album features Lars Ulrich on drums, James Hetfield on vocals/rhythm guitar, Kirk Hammett on lead guitar, and Robert Trujillo on bass (making his first appearance on a Metallica album.) The album was produced by Rick Rubin.    Metallica's post-80s career has been filled with highs and lows. For every triumph like S and M, there has been a disastrous misstep like St. Anger to drag the band's name back into the mud. Following a decade of albums filled with hits and misses alike, and the utter horror that was St. Anger, I thought these once-great men of metal were beyond redemption....    ....And then I heard Death Magnetic..    My friends, Metallica is BACK.    Easily the band's strongest studio effort since the Black Album, Death Magnetic takes the band back where they belong - their 80s thrash metal roots. It's not entirely a return to form; many of the songs do indeed have a modern edge to them. But it's far closer to the band's 80s albums than anything that has come out since the decade of decadence ended. Death Magnetic is Metallica's long-awaited rebirth. There are some minor flaws here and there, but they don't keep this from being Metallica's best album in nearly two decades.    Oh, and you'll be happy to know that, unlike St. Anger, this one has guitar solos. Damn good ones, too.    -That Was Just Your Life - Don't let that acoustic intro throw you off. Like Battery from the days of old, that deceptive intro jumps right into a tune that rocks fast and rocks hard. The first track on an album should always be one that grabs the listener and keeps them interested - and Metallica succeeds in that department on this album.    -The End of the Line - This song is a bit of an oddity, combining elements of the bands 80s and 90s sound alike. There are moments that will bring Load and Reload to mind, and a melodic interlude that is reminiscent of thetitle track from Master of Puppets, both in melody and lyric. And yet, the song doesn't feel out of place. It's actually a damn good song.    -Broken, Beat & Scarred - One of the album's straight-up thrashers. This is the band's hard and heavy sound at its finest. It won't fail to please.    -The Day That Never Comes - For its first half, the song is a melodic ballad, but in the latter half quickly evolves into fast-paced series of Kirk Hammett guitar solos. The song has drawn many comparisons to the classic One, and I have to go along with them. Absolutely incredible song, an instant classic for the band.    -All Nightmare Long - Fast and heavy and the two of the things Metallica does best, and perhaps no track on Death Magnetic demonstrates that better than this one does. The band doesn't fail to please on this cut. And once again, we get some incredible soloing from Kirk. Great song.    -Cyanide - Again, a track that emphasizes the hard and heavy stuff. Great melodies and a terrific instrumental interlude keep it from being \\"just another Metallica song.\\"    -The Unforgiven III - The \\"Unforgiven\\" saga continues. Easily the most melodic piece on the album (some parts of the song even use orchestral backing instrumentation) - and yet it still has moments that rock hard. This track instantly won me over, becoming not only one of my favorite cuts on the album, but also my favorite of the 3 \\"Unforgiven\\" songs. And that says a lot considering the last two were Metallica classics in their own right!    -The Judas Kiss - Again, the band gives a straight up fast-paced, hard-rocking thrash tune. Kirk's soloing here is some of the best guitar playing on the album. The melodies are great, and everything comes together nicely, making this one of the album's strongest songs.    -Suicide & Redemption - Metallica serves up their first instrumental in over 2 decades. The musical style is all over the place, so the thing stays interesting throughout its entire duration. Not quite aworthy heir to the crown left vacant by classics like The Call of Ktulu and Orion, but a damn good song nonetheless.    -My Apocalypse - What better way to finish the album then to pull out all the stops and give listeners a no-nonsense, balls-to-the-wall tune that rocks and thrashes like no other? A great way to finish things off.    10 tracks, all of them excellent. Metallica has officially won back this former fan. As much as I like the album, though, I have a few minor complaints that keep me from giving it a perfect score:    -The songs are too long. I'm all for having maybe 3 or so lengthy epics on an album, but this is overkill. Most of the songs on here could have been trimmed by a good 2-3 minutes, and they would probably have benefited from the editing. Of course, I'm not saying I don't like the songs as they are. It's not like St. Anger, where the band dragged half an hour of music out to 80 minutes.    -James' voice shows its age. He sounds better here than he did on St. Anger, but it's clear that the years have taken a toll on the frontman's vocal chords. As far as recapturing the band's 80s sound and their former glory, the vocals are the one aspect that never quite reach \\"Classic Metallica\\" territory.  But I DO give the guy credit for sounding better than he did on the last album.    -This isn't really a complaint about the album itself, but is worth mentioning here. The band's recent cover of Iron Maiden's Remember Tomorrow, which you probably heard on rock radio in recent months, IS NOT ON THE ALBUM (it was recorded for an Iron Maiden tribute CD for a guitar magazine.)  I wish the band had included it here on a bonus disc, but no such luck.    Please, DO NOT judge this album by those very minor criticisms I just made. This is the best Metallica has sounded in nearly two decades. At long last, we get the band's long-awaited return to greatness (which many former fans, myself included, thought would never happen!) Throughout the entire album, the band is on fire, at the top of their game. Even if you vowed never to buy another Metallica album after the disaster that was St. Anger, bend your vow and check out Death Magnetic. If you're a fan of the band's classic sound, you'll be glad you did.    HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
B001BJ690Y|5.0|The Good Things<br />*The Blu-Ray has quite good video quality.  Maybe a little grainy in some parts, but other parts are phenomenally clear and crisp.<br />*Great sound quality.  Sounds clearer and more balanced than previous DVD release.<br />*Includes a 22-minute making-of featurette, a live performance by the 5, 6, 7, 8s, and a bunch of trailers.  It's not a whole lot of features (in fact, the same as from the DVD), but at least it has something.<br />*Excellent action and fighting. Lots and lots of blood.<br />*Good story laid out in a very interesting way (although it may be too erratic for some).<br />*Excellent group of characters.  Great acting.<br />*Great writing; even though it's limited, it's fun and there are lots of memorable lines.<br />*Visuals and filming style is smooth, clear, and vivid.<br />*Impressive use of different medias to achieve unique effects (color film, black and white film, and animation).<br />*Interesting music.<br />*Lots of homage to westerns, kung fu, and anime. These elements are blended together to make a very unique picture.<br /><br />The Bad Things<br />*It's not the \\"Wholy Bloody Affair\\" edition.<br />*The extreme violence scared me away at first; definately not for the squeamish.<br />*Some disturbing parts (but this can be a good thing, because it makes the film edgy).<br />*Some absurd, unrealistic parts (but this can be a good thing too, because it makes the film stylish and fun).<br /><br />Despite being one of the bloodiest movies I know, it has become one of my all-time favorites. The style of it is smashing; even when there is no action, the movie is very immersive. I've come to appreciate the characters and the story, in addition to the vivid style. Highly reccomended to anybody who likes martial arts or action in general, and doesn't mind some blood.<br /><br />Whether or not it is worthy of replacing the DVD is entirely up to you.  I liked the movie enough to go for it, and at the very least, I am pleased with the picture/sound quality.  I'll still want to grab the \\"Whole Bloody Affair\\" edition (you know, unrated director's cut with shedloads of special features, a color fight scene, and other crud) whenever it comes out, but considering that it never existed in the first place, I am not one to complain.  Heck, I might even keep this copy, so I have the theatrical cut.  Altogether, I don't agree with the others who complain.  It's still a good movie, and it's of good quality.r\\" edition (you know, unrated director's cut with shedloads of special features, a color fight scene, and other crud) whenever it comes out, but considering that it never existed in the first place, I am not one to complain.  Heck, I might even keep this copy, so I have the theatrical cut.  Altogether, I don't agree with the others who complain.  It's still a good movie, and it's of good quality.
B00007KWHG|5.0|This album certainly must be considered four or five stars. It is exactly what you expect in a \\"very best\\": 20 songs, including six #1s and almost every one at least a top-ten hit. The songs I wanted were right there.    The book is a nice history of the band, written in a positive style, naturally. For you \\"Jersey Boys\\" watchers, the departure of Tommy merits only a single sentence, with none of the financial challenges mentioned. Inclusion of the lyrics might have been a nice touch, but you know almost all of them anyway, don't you?     The only area somewhat lacking is the quality of the sound. We must remind ourselves that the original 1960s recordings can only be pushed so far. Thus, they sound a little thin by modern standards of depth and richness.     My particular CD had a few rough spots and drop-offs when run on a simple CD player. Fortunately, after ripping the tunes to my PC, they sounded fine. Whew.
B001BR5F4C|5.0|Kill Bill Volume 1 (5 stars out of 5)<br />This film has become an all-time favorite of mine.  The story is great, and told in a very interesting way.  The characters are great; acting and writing are smashing.  There are a lot of awesome fight scenes.  It is very bloody, but in a stylish way (the sqeamish will hate this).  And even when there is no fighting, it's still a vivid, interesting film.  Altogether, it's awesome.<br /><br />Kill Bill Volume 2 (5 stars out of 5)<br />Completing the story and filling in a lot of necessary gaps, this second part of the duology is longer and more dialogue-driven, and with less action (and less blood).  Still, it's interesting.  The characters are still great, the writing/acting is great, and the visual style is still good.  It's practically a necessity after watching the first part.  And it has a jolly good ending.<br /><br />Both films are very sublime and excellent, and highly reccomended to anybody who likes action and doesn't mind some blood.  The Blu-Rays are of great quality, especially for the second film.  The sound quality is great; the dialogue is clear and well-balanced.  Each movie has a 20-minute making-of featurette.  Volume 1 has a musical performance and a bunch of trailers, and volume 2 has a deleted scene and a musical performance.<br /><br />Whether or not it is worthy of replacing the DVD is entirely up to you.  I liked the movies enough to go for it, and at the very least, I am pleased with the picture/sound quality.  I'll still want to grab the \\"Whole Bloody Affair\\" edition (you know, unrated director's cut with shedloads of special features and other crud) whenever it comes out, but considering that it never existed in the first place, I am not one to complain.  Heck, I might even keep this copy, so I have the theatrical cut.  Altogether, I don't agree with the others who complain.  It's still a good movie, and it's of good quality.
031606792X|1.0|There was so much wrong with this book that I can't even begin to explain. Note that this review will have SPOILERS.  I think I'll start with the fact that to me, the entire book seemed lacking some key element that all the other books have had. And that key element was what made me one of the obsessed Twilighters. Breaking Dawn throughly cured that obsession, though.  While reading the book, I was constantly crying \\"no! What?? NO!\\" I admit, I couldn't put the book down, because I was waiting for Stephenie Meyer to pull it together. I simply couldn't believe what I was reading.    The first couple chapters of the book start with Edward and Bella having sex. That's all very nice, but Bella didn't give a dang about Jake. She \\"locked him away in her Jacob drawer.\\" Pardon me, but he saved her life. However, by all means, lets \\"lock him away\\", shall we?  After the wedding, all the human characters were barely mentioned again. Bella doesn't need to be troubled with THEM anymore.  Bella gets pregnant. I must have missed something, because Edward has only venom in him. And if he does have anything else, shouldn't it be frozen?   Along with this, wasn't there supposed to be a sacrifice? Bella didn't have to spend a year as a newborn, and she developed amazing powers and \\"saved the day\\", and she certainly got that family. I was hoping for Bella to die in her pregnancy, especially when she continued going on about \\"Jake, are you coming back?\\" \\"Maybe...\\" \\"I might get cold, so come back.\\"  SHE'S MARRIED! She should have tried to act like it.  So then when she gets changed, she manages to have one of those \\"rare\\" talents, just as Jake has one of those \\"rare\\" imprints. The imprinting destroys characters, and so as Bella gets everything she's ever wanted, Jake gets stuck with the daughter of the girl he once dreamed of sleeping with.  Well.  I was also more than a little disturbed at how Edward could offer Bella to Jake to have sex with for the weekend, merely so that she could become pregnant. I'm a solid Jake fan, and I found that disgusting as well as immoral.  Bella, as a vampire, was disgustingly perfect. To be real, a character should have imperfections. Now she is a horribly cliche Mary-Sue.  There was no climax. It's called an ANTI-climax. Nothing happened. All is well. The end. In fact, not much was even resolved. There are quite a few unanswered questions, one such as Embry's parentage that were not resolved with the series. And who's to say the Volturi won't come back? The problem was not even eliminated.  Sadly, the entire book was exactly like terrible fanfictions I've read. That is distressing to me.    Everyone can have their own opinions, and this one is mine. It sounds harsh, but the book was a shocking disappointment. Not only did I dislike the book, but it killed the rest of the series for me. I have felt like I wasted my time and my money, and I've lost all my respect for Stephenie Meyer.
B00008WT5E|5.0|AC/DC is known for their simplistic music, but they really know how to rock and roll. on this release there are 3 standout tracks:  1. Rock And Roll Damnation- which is on their live album \\"If You Want Blood, You Got It\\" as well  2. Riff Raff-ditto  3. Gone Shootin'-which is featured on the movie soundtrack for \\"Beavis and Butt-head Do America\\"  the rest of this album is worth a listen too.  Bon Scott R.I.P.
0345452577|2.0|Audio Book review - It wasn't the worst book, but it was very long and droning.  However, it was only 5 CDs long, and that is a rather quick read.  Something about the narrator or maybe the lack of a gripping plot, made it feel much much longer.  In the end it became oddly confusing and I kept trying to remember who all these characters are and what their relations were to one another.  Only because it was so long and so full of holes and twists, it became almost boring and hard to pay attention to.  However, I can see that Kellerman may be a good writer of other books, so I will give him a chance and pick up another audio boook.  It was a good enough book that I kept listening to it.  However, I kept listening hoping that something would happen and that all of this time would have a pay off.  I was wrong.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|The long-awaited new album from Metallica, Death Magnetic.  Many anxious people wondering if it's going to be a throwback into Metallica's signature speed metal, or another \\"sale-out\\" St. Anger album.    Death Magnetic is a must-buy for any Metallica fan.  They have gone back to their classic speed metal ways but don't expect to hear Kill'em All, Ride the Lightning, or The Black Album sounds of Metallica.  Expect more of Load and Reload as that's what Death Magnetic sounds the most like.    Death Magnetic is a complete turnaround from St. Anger.  It doesn't sound like Ulrich is beating on pots and bands, James Hetfield sounds like James Hetfield again, and Kirk Hammett doesn't play the guitar like Eric Clapton anymore, he's morphed bacl into the Kirk Hammett we all know and love.  Many Metallica fans are hardcore 80's Metallica fans and dislike Load and Reload so they might not find a liking in Death Magnetic.  But, the rest of the Metallica fans that do like Load and Reload will enjoy the new album.    Track Grades:    1. That Was Just Your Life (8/10)  [They opened Death Magnetic with a great song in \\"That Was Just Your Life.\\"  Listening to this first track is when you realize we have reunited with the true Metallica once again.]    2. The End of the Line (10/10)  [Best song on album]    3. Broken , Beat and Scarred (6/10)  [Least favorite of the album]    4. The Day that Never Comes (9/10)  [Great song, great meaning]    5. All Nightmare Long (7/10)  [Good song]    6. Cyanide (8/10)  [Great song, great guitar riffs]    7. The Unforgiven III (8/10)  [Was originally named \\"Forgive Me\\" but changed later on to The Unforgiven III.  Apologizing and asking for forgiveness for the 'sale-out' album, St. Anger]    8. The Judas Kiss (9/10)  [Another favorite, Awesome song]    9. Suicide and Redemption (7/10)  [Good song]     10. My Apocalypse (8/10)  [Good song to end the album with]    Overall Album Rating:  8 / 10
B000089RV6|5.0|AC/DC's sixth US release Back In Black is one of rock's all-time classic records.<br />Released in July of 1980, this album was a classic case of triumph over tragedy. After the death of lead singer Bon Scott (their larger than life frontman) from an accidental drinking binge, the band were faced at quitting. However, it was Bon's own parents who recommended that the band soldier on.<br />Guitarists Angus and Malcolm Young, bass player Cliff Williams and drummer Phil Rudd enlisted Welsh born singer Brian Johnson and soldiered on. The band relocated to Compass Point Studios in the Bahamas with returning producer Robert John \\"Mutt\\" Lange and engineer Tony Platt to record this classic masterpiece. Instead of going reggae or carribean (whereas many bands who went there experimented with some carribean sounds, save ELP who recorded their album Love Beach at that same studio in 1978), Back in Black was all about the three fundamentals of rock and roll. Sex, drugs and rock n' roll and Brian screams rather than sings.<br />The opening \\"Hell's Bells\\" is a masterpiece with lead guitarist Angus' guitar riff. The bell at the intro came to the band whilst Malcolm was in the restroom and was recorded at a bell foundry in England as the album was being mixed in New York. \\"Shoot to Thrill\\" was inspired by the old Western movies and instead of guns, guitars are the weapons for the rock and roll outlaws. The following three tracks \\"What Do You Do For Money Honey\\", \\"Given the Dog a Bone\\" and \\"Let Me Put My Love Into You\\" are all great rockers which still sound great today.<br />The album's second half kicks off with the title track which came about from a riff on the Highway to Hell tour and was another Top 40 hit for the band. The Top 40 hit \\"You Shook Me All Night Long\\" is a classic despite the fact Mutt wanted less words but AC/DC outvoted him. \\"Have A Drink On Me\\" is a great riff from rhythm guitarist Malcolm Young and is a great send-off to Bon. \\"Shake a Leg\\" is next and is a killer rocker. The closing \\"Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution\\" is a kiss-off to the band's critics with a classic evangelist parody from Brian at the intro.<br />The album became AC/DC's first US Top 5 album (hitting #4 in the fall of 1980) and is their biggest seller (21 million copies and counting in the US alone). In 2003, a new remaster was released and the sonic quality and booklet is phenomenal and the digi-pak art reminds me of the original LP sleeve.<br />Highly recommended!The closing \\"Rock and Roll Ain't Noise Pollution\\" is a kiss-off to the band's critics with a classic evangelist parody from Brian at the intro.   The album became AC/DC's first US Top 5 album (hitting #4 in the fall of 1980) and is their biggest seller (21 million copies and counting in the US alone). In 2003, a new remaster was released and the sonic quality and booklet is phenomenal and the digi-pak art reminds me of the original LP sleeve.  Highly recommended!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|This is their best album since at least And Justice For All! It thrashes as much as the early albums, it's as heavy as the Black album, has guitar solos all over the place like on Kill 'Em All, and all four members of the band jam on it.    Unfortunately, there are some sound clipping problems on it as other reviewers have noted.  I notice it at the end of The Day That Never Comes, and Cyanide, and a few other places.  It's an annoying clicking sound, but I can only hear it on newer high quality stereos.  The sound is great besides that, and much better than St. Anger.    Musically, the only low point for me are the 2 ballads - The Day That Never Comes and The Unforgiven III (see below).  This is my review of the songs:    1. That Was Just Your Life - Starts off with a cool mellow intro, and then builds into a great thrashing song.     2. The End Of The Line - A heavy rocking jam with a lot of tempo changes, and a cool solo by Kirk.     3. Broken, Beat & Scarred - has a heavy crunchy groove, and then thundering double bass drums and riffs at the end.     4. The Day That Never Comes - sounds too much like their other ballads like Fade To Black and One, but it jams at the end.     5. All Nightmare Long - has a cool instrumental intro, then goes back and forth between thrashing parts and heavy jams with awesome instrumentation.     6. Cyanide - Good heavy tune with cool guitar work, and a lot of crunchy and thrashing parts.     7. The Unforgiven III - mellow tune with cool music, but I don't like the singing. Sounds like something off of Load.    8. The Judas Kiss - starts off slow and crunchy, then goes into a driving chorus, then has an onslaught of guitar solos, and then back to the chorus.     9. Suicide & Redemption - a cool instrumental. Kinda sounds like a typical Metallica song at first, but is really good once it gets going.  Lots of good solos and intrumentation.    10. My Apocalypse - a classic Metallica thrash song in the tradition of Damage Inc. and Battery. I love the part in the middle where James starts singing real fast. Go James go!
B00008BXJG|5.0|Australian hard rockers AC/DC released their album Highway to Hell in July of 1979.<br />By this time, AC/DC were still trying to establish themselves in the US although they were already huge in the UK and in their native Australia. They had a few albums under their belt and toured with everyone and opened up for bands such as Styx, Aerosmith and Rush during this time period of 1977 and 1978.<br />However, commercial success eluded the band until 1979's Highway to Hell which was the first of three albums that AC/DC would work with producer Robert John \\"Mutt\\" Lange. The album is pure AC/DC. Every track is great.<br />You get the rock radio staples out of the album's title cut, \\"Girls Got Rhythm\\" and the pulsing \\"Shot Down in Flames\\".<br />Other highlights include \\"If You Want Blood (You've Got It)\\" (a song named after their live album from 1978), the minor single \\"Touch Too Much\\", \\"Beating Around the Bush\\", \\"Walk All Over You\\" and \\"Get it Hot\\".<br />However, the best songs on the album are first \\"Love Hungry Man\\" which is somewhat of an overlooked gem in the AC/DC repertoire and the album's last track which the spooky \\"Night Prowler\\" which caused controversy when an AC/DC hat was worn by \\"the Night Stalker\\", a murderer who used AC/DC as a scapegoat for his evils. The song, ironically enough, was about what teenagers used to do, sneak out of their windows to their boyfriend or girlfriend's house whilst the parents were asleep.<br />Highway to Hell was coincidentally the band's first Top 20 charting and Platinum selling album here in the US. Sadly, Highway to Hell was also the last album with the late Bon Scott before he died in February of 1980 after a long night of drinking and this album found Scott at his best on his last album as was Angus Young's possessed lead guitar work. You really have to listen to what's not played on the radio to understand how great he was.<br />Today, the album still sounds competent nearly 30 years on, especially with with this digitally remastered edition.<br />Highly recommended!Highly recommended!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|As a fan of music generally, I recommend this album. It sounds as if the band has been listening to other new metal music and incorporated new approaches to ensemble playing. The guitar solos are especially well integrated into the general song structures, rather than being (as seems to happen so often with metal music and with Metallica's earlier work) played because it was obligatory to have a guitar solo at some point.    The lyrics are somewhat clumsy, not scanning well and with repetition of words taking the place of rhymes in some places. Hetfield's vocals are clear, which makes the lyrical weakenss somewhat more prominent than with other vocalists or production styles.    This is probably Metallica's second best work (after the astonishing, albeit oft-panned, \\"St. Anger\\"), and it is likely to not sound in 20 years or so so dated as \\"Master of Puppets\\" does now.    Go ahead, then, and press the \\"buy\\" button.
0793518326|5.0|The Beatles Complete Scores really is a one of a kind collection. Sure, the highly trained eye will see simple mistakes here or there, but for those of us who aren't trained classical pianists and just like to play Beatles tunes, this book is amazing. The print is small, but not too small; complaining about the print is really being nitpicky. Plus, no other book gives you all of their recorded songs, and in the correct key. For example, this is the only book I've ever seen that finally puts Strawberry Fields in b flat instead of A major. This book is amazing, team this book with your own ear and you've hit the jackpot.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|The new Metallica album is a welcome return to the heavy Metallica sound most of us grew up head banging to.  If you're one of those people who has been screaming \\"there a bunch of sellout posers\\" and you go to bed every night kissing your Dave Mustaine RIP Magazine cover then you're too far gone and this album isn't for you.  If, on the other hand, you liked the black album, One and grudgingly admit there was a song or two on St. Anger that you enjoyed lyrically if not musically then you'll see that this is a great album with a wonderful mix of the Metallica of \\"Master of Puppets\\" years mixed with the Black album to produce a well written, well produced, return to the \\"Metallica sound\\" we missed with the last couple releases.  I say don't analyze it too much.  We head bangers shouldn't be that deep or critical.  Just enjoy it for what it is...a step back in the right direction.
B00154GEFU|5.0|This is a classic Asia album. Not just a collection of beautiful, lasting songs but an album and that's something you don't find too often these days. Four original members of Asia reunited first on stage and now with this great cd. I do hope there is more to come because, like this album tells, they are in fine form. In 80's they were entitled a \\"Supergroup\\" in 2008 they are still firmly in power.
B001FEA9QU|4.0|The guitar riffs rock like the Metallica of old vocals are great sans Lars.  As always I wish he would just shut up.
B001AIRUP4|5.0|This is without doubt the best looking and best sounding blu-ray DVD I have yet watched.  The picture is nothing short of incredible.  Such unbelievable clarity and depth, you would think the puppets are performing live for you in your own living room.  I was slack-jawed at good it looked.    After seeing this film on blu-ray, it instantly renders every other standard definition copy obsolete.      Buy it now.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Two words - Classic Metallica.    25 Years after Kill 'Em All, Death Magnetic sees the four horsemen return back to their roots with 10 killer tracks and 77 minutes of outstanding jams.    Metallica have refined their songs and overall sound over the years, so those looking for the unpolished raw nature of Kill 'Em All may complain about the sound or the mixing, which is just silly, but overall, each track is an intense musical experience that will leave you wanting more and more.    Their best achievement since the Black Album.
B001E780W8|5.0|First listen and I was blown away by the choruses, especially on Psychosocial. This is a step in the right direction. I agree with others, if they did the same thing on every album then what would be the point? This album is one of their best.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I remember when \\"Master of Puppets\\" was the new album, I had played my cassette of \\"Whiplash EP\\" to the point where it was worn and wobbled. I won't say \\"Master\\" wasn't awesome, but I was always partial to \\"Ride the Lightning.\\" So when every new Metallica has come out in the last 22 years and people keep comparing them to \\"Master\\" I just say, chill out and let it stand on its merit.<br /><br />What's hard is that Metallica will admit that \\"Load\\" \\"Re-Load\\" and \\"St. Anger\\" where not high-points in their career. Infighting, bickering, the firing / quitting of J. Newkid left the band \\"Broken, beaten and Scarred\\" Unfortunately with the exception of the exceptional \\"Symphony\\" disks and \\"Garage Inc.\\" those three records represent in years, over half of Metallica's career. Is it any wonder then, that with Uber-Producer Rick Ruben at the helm \\"Death Magnetic\\" has become the single most anticipated Metallica Album ever?<br /><br />As for the album, those of us who grew up with \\"Ride\\" \\"Master\\" and \\"Justice\\" will recognize the song pattern. While \\"Death Magnetic\\" has two more tracks (being it was recorded for 80min CD world, not the 45min vinyl one) the placement of the songs is very telling and familiar to those older records. The first track \\"That was just your life\\" starts quiet (heart beat, wobling guitar) and then suddenly burst in your face. The second track is about addiction and death (master = addiction, ride = death). The third track slows it down and is more grinding and heavy (\\"Bells\\" \\"Thing\\" Sad but True\\") and the fourth track is a ballad with a heavy second half (\\"Fade\\" \\"Sanitarium\\" \\"One\\") The second to last track is an instrumental (\\"Orion\\" \\"to live is to die\\") The last song is a ripper (\\"damage inc.\\" \\"Dyers Eve\\").<br /><br />Unlike \\"Load\\" and \\"Reload\\", \\"Death Magnetic\\" avoids the bluesy, dirty grinding songs, and unlike \\"St. Anger\\" this one aims for strong hooks, harmonies structure and flow.<br /><br />\\"Death Magnetic\\" is not a new \\"Master\\" but rather a culmination of everything these guys have every done. While many songs will remind listeners of \\"Justice\\" \\"Broken, Beat and Scarred\\" is reminiscent of \\"St. Anger\\" with its chants of \\"what don't kill ya, makes ya more strong\\" and riffing rather than solos. \\"Unforgiven III\\" is far closer to \\"Unforgiven II\\" on re-load than the original. The Guitar has that same bluesy, flowing feel and the eastern influence that gave the original its greatest strengths are completely washed away by familiar metal riffing. Not to say the song isn't good, but without the late Michael Kamen the orchestration just doesn't life the song the way it should and the chorus builds and builds but doesn't crest, it keeps feeling like there should be more, some kind of heavy release that never comes. \\"My Apocalypse\\" closes the album by channeling \\"Slayer\\" as Metallica tries and fails to go back to \\"Kill `em All.\\" Not that the song doesn't rock, it's heavy, fast and awesome closer, but the feel is forced and the song feels tacked on to a mostly mid to fast-mid tempo album.<br /><br />The biggest shocker here may be the 10 min (and longest song) \\"Suicide and Redemption\\" the bands first instrumental in 20 years. This is the best they've done since \\"Ktulu\\", it's got more energy than \\"Orion\\" or \\"To live is to Die\\" but lacks the kind of expressionist solos you'd expect from such an epic. However, the ten minutes goes by fast! I had listened to the CD four or five times before I realized the song had no lyrics!!!<br /><br />If there's one thing missing in all these loooooooooooooooooooong songs (only one song under 6 min) is a true epic. Yes, \\"All Nightmare Long\\" \\"The Day that Never Comes\\" and \\"The Judas Kiss\\" are all brilliant (so is the Black Sabbath inspired \\"Cyanide\\") but nothing comes close here to the epic feel of \\"master of puppets\\" \\"Just for all\\" \\"Outlaw torn\\" or \\"Fixxxer.\\" those songs had such a deep, complex feel with so many ups and downs and such a perfect flow (ok, \\"justice\\" is the least of the four) that nothing on \\"Magnetic\\" quite get's there.<br /><br />I am not in love with packaging, it looks cool with the coffin cut-out but the cut the lyrics out. That's annoying.<br /><br />In the end \\"Death Magnetic\\" is just what it needs to be. It's everything Metallica's done better than anyone else for over 25 years, it's most of the best parts of all the albums to date and it's 100X better almost anything out there. Plus, these guys are in their 40's, and are harder, faster and more intricate and intelligent than anything these Kids half their age are putting out there. Buy this CD.<br /><br />Update:9/16/08<br />It's been confirmed by several sources that the Guitar Hero III version of this album has not suffered from the brick-wall compression of the CD / Vinyl release. Apparently someone decided MP3's sound better mixed as loud as possible and then clipped of the highest and lowest ranges. So, the retail CD / Vinyl of DM have been mixed with heavy dynamic range compression (meaning they've eliminated the difference between soft sound and loud sound) the album now sounds like a wall of noise. This is a too common recording industry practice, it ruins the experience and removes the subtleties of the music. You may notice this CD suffers from a lack of bass guitar, that the guitar is flat, the drums do not resonate, the cymbols are thin and the vocals are often drowning in the music mix. Also, there is a lot of noise, you can not only hear distortion in the music, but their is noise at the beginning and end of every track, which, a CD should not have.<br /><br />There are multiple petitions and blogs as well as thousands on Metallica's own website begging for an uncompressed re-release.<br /><br />If you hear the GHIII versions, you may never go back..    I am not in love with packaging, it looks cool with the coffin cut-out but the cut the lyrics out. That's annoying.    In the end \\"Death Magnetic\\" is just what it needs to be. It's everything Metallica's done better than anyone else for over 25 years, it's most of the best parts of all the albums to date and it's 100X better almost anything out there. Plus, these guys are in their 40's, and are harder, faster and more intricate and intelligent than anything these Kids half their age are putting out there. Buy this CD.    Update:9/16/08  It's been confirmed by several sources that the Guitar Hero III version of this album has not suffered from the brick-wall compression of the CD / Vinyl release. Apparently someone decided MP3's sound better mixed as loud as possible and then clipped of the highest and lowest ranges. So, the retail CD / Vinyl of DM have been mixed with heavy dynamic range compression (meaning they've eliminated the difference between soft sound and loud sound) the album now sounds like a wall of noise. This is a too common recording industry practice, it ruins the experience and removes the subtleties of the music. You may notice this CD suffers from a lack of bass guitar, that the guitar is flat, the drums do not resonate, the cymbols are thin and the vocals are often drowning in the music mix. Also, there is a lot of noise, you can not only hear distortion in the music, but their is noise at the beginning and end of every track, which, a CD should not have.    There are multiple petitions and blogs as well as thousands on Metallica's own website begging for an uncompressed re-release.    If you hear the GHIII versions, you may never go back.
006082543X|5.0|This version of CORALINE is a graphic novel adaptation of the novel penned by Neil Gaiman.<br /><br />The story follows a common theme in his works of the naive, yet determined, everyman who stumbles into an alternate reality.<br /><br />The protagonist in this story arises in the form of a young girl named Coraline.<br /><br />I found the dialogue to be smartly written and the narrative engaging. The artwork, while typical comic fare, set the visual mood quite well.<br /><br />I greatly enjoyed this story. I found the characters likeable and believable in the context of the story, which in and of itself seemed to me to be an odd metaphor for \\"growing up.\\"<br /><br />I cannot recommend this enough to fans of Neil Gaiman's work or to someone looking for something just a little bit different.<br /><br />Reviewed by:  Breia \\"The Brain\\" Brickey
0385340567|3.0|Not in pare with Lee Child's reputation, I believe he will make up for this one!
B000JVT1U0|3.0|I saw a brief clip of this movie during the Bravo The 100 Greatest Scary Moments countdown and was immediately intrigued.  I found this film, and boy was I surprised.<br /><br />The premise is so unique and interesting, and the story evolves in such a bizarre matter that I laughed at some of the film because it was so utterly ridiculous at times!<br /><br />A cop from the mainland goes to a small village island, Summerisle, off the coast of Scotland.  The people seem rather perplexed by his presence as the officer comes to investigate the disappearance of a little girl, who they say never existed.  Bawdy and erotic scenes of this primitive village tempt and torture the officer as he persists in his investigation.  Even though he cannot seem to crack the case, he does discover a lot of strange rituals and behaviors of the community.  Finally, the officer finds a way to \\"blend in\\" with the town to attempt one last effort at solving the mystery ....<br /><br />Scary, not so much ... rather this film is an eerie (erotic) mystery.  The ending is amazing (I was unable to predict the ending, so I was very surprised by the twists).  I would suggest this film to a select few.  If you have a passion for 70s scary movies, surprising films, or truly bizarre mysteries--this one is for you.
031606792X|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book.  It was a great ending to the series linking all the other three books together.  The author is very descriptive in her writing and you feel as if you are there in her scenes.<br />I teach Sunday School to 12-13 year old girls and they absolutely love this series.  My 19 year old son also enjoyed this series.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Horrible transitions that repeat as if they forgot how to play metal. They should hang their heads in shame cancel the tour. They should try jazz flute that might be a success. They should have their lawyers play for them it could not be worse. If your a fan you will be highly dissapointed. They have gone down from the old days of watching them play at the Rock on Broadway. Sorry to say it but the last album I bought that was theirs was Kill Them All and that was probably one of their last good ones. Fame seems to have gone to their heads to think they can release this garbage as metal. Maybe they need to retire will they be missed?  Sorry guys if you read this review dont take it personally its just I need to be honest!
B0012GMUPE|3.0|Just a warning for anyone trying to obtain the mythical 2008 release \\"24-bit remastered reissue of the jazz/funk drummer's 1976 album, packaged in a digipak\\", that this is NOT it.  I ordered and RMA'd this title twice from Amazon.  I suspect that they got the UPC wrong in the listing.  Tried to order it a 3rd time from one of the resellers and again got the original '90s release on Epic.
B001AHM2C6|5.0|When I saw the movie in theater, I fell in love with the music. I bought the soundtrack and it is perfect for fans! The music is beatiful!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|So, the once mighty Metallica have finally dragged their old logo out of the attic and dusted off the cobwebs. Having had a preview of the logo on the new cover artwork before it's release, the first thought that came to my mind is \\"Yes, we screwed up, this is what we should've been doing all along!\\" So here it is, over 74 minutes of almost pure progressive thrash metal energy. All tracks are pretty good, highlights are the opening track, 'The End of The Line', 'All Nightmare Long', 'The Judas Kiss', 'Suicide & Redemption', and 'My Apocalypse'. This one has been growing on me pretty quick, to be quite honest. The overall sound quality seems to be a bit overdriven or clipped, but the general guitar tone is vaguely reminiscent of 'Kill'em All' at least IMHO (love the sound of fingers sliding up and down the fretboard!). The lengthy 6-minute+ songs are there, The chugging guitar riffs are there, the heavy progressive twists and turns are there and so are the solos. Oh yes, I cannot help but love the sound of the drums, the way they are miked is perfect - my favorite up-front dull-thud effect (nothing to do with Lars' playing style). Just about all the ingredients for a classic Metallica album - really thrash for the 2000's, a lot closer to all the other 80's thrash greats still putting out quality material. One minor complaint is James Hetfield's clean vocals (someone told me he actually took singing lessons! Go figure). See, there was something in the raw unpolished mysterious vocal tone he had on the first four 80's albums that gave Metallica their magic, whereas he now seems a tad out-of-place against the more thrashy riffing of this present release (perhaps this 'cleaner' voice, first evident on the Black Album, was better suited to the 'hard-rock' sound the experimental 'Load/Reload' era, but again that's just my opinion). One redeeming aspect of this minor issue is that his vocal delivery actually reminds me in places of Slayer's Tom Araya. A longtime childhood buddy of mine with whom I grew up on Metallica's music, and who's blown away by this album feels this way also. Having Rick Rubin (responsible for the great 'Reign in Blood') sitting behind the controls was definitely an excellent move, and it shows. Most, if not all Metallica fans (even those disgusted with 'St. Anger') should erase their memories of the last 18 years or so, give this a good serious listen and place 'Death Magnetic' in it's rightful place next to the great first four (actually five, I consider the Black album a quality release) albums of the band's 80's era. Crank it and enjoy!
B00169N0BK|5.0|I've been struggling with color profiles for years now, but I haven't been able to find a printer profiler for under two grand. Instead I've been using a monitor profiler (Eye-One) but still had to fiddle with multiple prints to get the color I wanted. This was annoying so I limited my printing to the occasional special print.<br /><br />With Colormunki, my prints now accuratly match my screen - what a concept! I did have to debate with myself whether to take an expensive chance on this, but I am so happy I did.<br /><br />The process could hardly have been easier, though it did take longer than I thought. The initial setup (downloading the software and installing) took about a half hour, and the printer profiling took about the same since you have to wait for the prints to dry. The monitor profiling was pretty quick. Ever since then - perfect color matching. I've profiled two different papers I use (Ilford Gallerie and HP Premium Plus Soft Gloss) and prints on both papers look fantastic.<br /><br />I highly recommend the Colormunki!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Awesome disc. It sounds great, looks great, and most importantly... the songs are great. I'm a huge progressive metal/rock fan, and these lengthy songs put a smile on my face. The riffs are in your face, the solos are incredible, and the vocals are rich. Over half of the tracks start out by grabbing your throat and never letting go. There truly is not a song on here that I don't enjoy listening to. I first listened to it in my car, through my Pioneers and my Bostons. Sometimes when I purchase a new CD, I don't want to sit through every song right off the bat, I want to taste-test each one first, if you will, and skip through just so I know what to expect on my first full play through. This, however, was not the case here. I listened to the entire album straight through and loved every minute of it. The tracks I like the most are Broken Beat and Scarred, The End of the Line, Cyanide, The Day That Never Comes, and Suicide & Redemption. S&R is an intense instrumental, great stuff. My Apocalypse is a good choice for the closer, it'll melt your face. Buy this immediately.
1845767055|5.0|Paul Bonner is an incredible fantasy artist and displays a great expertise in creating gnarly, muscular monsters with savage looking faces, adorned with rows of vicious teeth or pokey fangs. Many of these images reminded me of miniatures and artwork for role playing games that I played a great deal as a kid. The images in this book are absolutely stunning and will have fans of mythological monsters, goblins and other fearsome creatures grinning from ear-to-ear on every page.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|With SOOO much hype behind this album, I was super skeptical. I was dying for a new Metallica album that lived up to the hype and classification of a revitalization of &#34;old Metallica&#34;. Death Magnetic is a step in the right direction.  Brutally fast riffs, even faster solos. On the way home from buying it, I popped it in the CD player in the car and cranked it. As the first track, &#34;That Was Just Your Life&#34; came to an end, I screamed &#34;Hell Yeah!!!&#34;. I was anxious to get on to the following tracks to hear if they were going to be just as good....and they were.  The songs on this album are chocked full of super fast, hook filled riffs, tempo changes, starts and stops (but mostly its just balls to the wall). Also Rick Ruben produced a fairly polished album that is a nice change after the garage sounding St. Anger. Its not perfect production, there are flaws in the sound, but Death Magnetic's production is definitely produced better than And Justice For All and St. Anger. My main complaint with the sound is that there are times that you can barely hear Lars' lightning fast double-bass parts. It would have been really awesome during those parts if the volume would have been turned up on his bass mics so would could hear it better. I think it would have added even more muscle to the sound.  In a sort of &#34;back to their roots&#34; style, the album includes a very cool instrumental (track 9) called &#34;Suicide and Redemption&#34;. Also Death Magnetic has a solid follow up in the &#34;Unforgiven&#34; line of songs. Its not as good as the original Unforgiven off of Metallica's Black album, but its better than The Unforgiven II, beginning with a beautiful piano intro instead of the typical intro they've used in the past on the other 2 Unforgiven tracks.  The first single off the album &#34;The Day That Never Comes&#34; is, in my opinion, the low point of the album. It is the weakest song, but has grown on me. The first half of the song has almost a &#34;Load&#34; or &#34;Reload&#34; sound to it in every way. The riffs, drumming, song structure, and James' singing style do nothing but remind me of the Load/Reload era. The song seems very contrived and forced, like they were trying to make it work, but it just didn't quite do it.   If you want in your face songs off of Death Magnetic: Look for tracks like &#34;That Was Just Your Life&#34;, &#34;Broken, Beat, and Scarred&#34;, &#34;All Nightmare Long&#34;, and &#34;My Apocalypse&#34;.  Highlights: - Broken, Beat & Scarred has loaded with hooks, machine gun riffing, and catching change ups and lyrics. A solo worthy of appearing on the Master of Puppets album had it been just a bit longer. - All Nightmare Long reminds me of something that should have been on Kill Em All, it just seems so pissed, plus its fast and relentless. - That Was Just Your Life opens the album with a heart-beat sound and builds with clean guitar picking before coming to chunky drum backed strumming for about a minute before cutting loose with in a face melting riff. - The End of the Line is probably the best sung song on the album, especially the slow part in the middle (doesn't stay slow for long though). Lots of heavy riffing here with Lars driving it home on the snare. The guitar solo is loaded with &#34;Wah&#34; pedal, which sounds kinda cool, but the solo itself was just too short.  Track Review: #1 That Was Just Your Life  --  10/10 (Look for the speedy solo) #2 The End of the Line  --  9/10 (More heavy than fast, but good) #3 Broken, Beat & Scarred  --  10/10 (This song has it all if you ask me) #4 The Day That Never Comes -- 6.5/10 (Good song, could have been better) #5 All Nightmare Long  --  10/10 (Super fast in parts, heavy ending) #6 Cyanide  --  8/10 (Pretty cool bass riff, I think the song will grow on me) #7 The Unforgiven III  --  8/10 (Radio friendly, but still solid) #8 The Judas Kiss  -- 7.5/10 (Something didn't feel quite right but still not a bad tune at all) #9 Suicide & Redemption  -- 8.5/10 (Instrumental) #10 My Apocalypse  --  9/10 (Needed to be longer, seemed to end too soon)  In short: - If you're a die-hard Metallica fan, this will probably make you snap your own neck off head-banging to it. - If you're looking to relive Metallica's glory days with new tunes, you've come to the right place!!  Death Magnetic is something that the heavy metal genre SORELY needed right now. Its probably the best album of its kind since Megadeth's Rust in Peace.  Go buy it. Now.
B00005AG7K|3.0|Watching the movie all the way through, you can tell that they were rushed to get it out, and so it ended quite oddly.    Yes the story really doesn't come together (maybe a better ending would have made it good) but the songs and performances are great!  Flying with it's psychedelic colors is wonderful.  Fool On the Hill with Paul on the countryside is great.  Blue Jay Way is just plain weird and kewl.  Also, you HAVE to see it for the only ever performance of I Am the Walrus.  Also, there is a part of another band in there called the Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band.  The band is very closely tied to the members of Monty Python (Neil Innes of the band especially, who also wrote all those Rutles songs).  Paul did some producing for them, so he asked them to be in the movie.  Plus if you notice the song they sing is Death Cab For Cutie . . . now you know where that \\"new\\" band got it's name.    If you are a Beatles fan, I recommend it because of the performances (and the dream sequence with John and the spaghetti) and the fun stuff they do too.  If you are not a big fan, don't bother.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|Let me start by saying that I used to be a massive fan but they lost me after the Black album and I drifted away. This album is a definite return to form but as you read the reviews and make your decision whether or not to buy this album, pay attention to the reviews regarding the mastering of the album.     The album is horribly mastered and is a sheer annoyance to listen to. The songs are definitely not the way the band wanted you to hear them - which is a shame because this is their best effort in a long time. If you do a quick little search on Google, you'll find Adobe Audition waveforms of songs on this album and you can clearly see the clipping.
B000HIVOI2|1.0|I really loved this movie, have it on dvd... thought I would get it on blu-ray to really saver the experience of a fantastic movie. BUT the reproduction of the movie onto blu-ray is dreadful, grainy and very very poor. If you need any advice before purchuseing this title. then take this advise \\"DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY,STICK WITH YOUR DVD VISION\\" because that is all it is wrapped in a blu-ray box.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Well I know I will be going against the popular view around here, but I really could not get into this new Metallica album at all. The one and ONLY thing that puts this album above the laughable ST. ANGER is that guitar solos were added back in. However at least ST. ANGER had \\"The Unnamed Feeling\\", a song which had a very enjoyable melody to it, especially at the chorus. On this album, nothing stands out except for maybe \\"The Day That Never Comes\\". And the ending of the song is infuriating because it makes my speakers sound like they have cracked (and I did buy the cd so the production still sucks on the retail versions as well). I am a fan of all the Metallica releases (except KEA), but what is most important to me is melody, thus the reason that LOAD, RELOAD and BLACK were my top favorites. I refuse to judge music based only how \\"heavy\\" it is. Metalheads who think that rock HAS to be heavy and fast in order to be good actually make me sick. I would FAR prefer the more melodic Metallica of the LOAD days over this new, forced sound that they have gone back to in order to appease the screaming metalheads who apparently find comfort in audible chaos. It should come as no surprise that I am no fan of rock music where the drumming is too fast to keep a steady beat with (and I have heard much faster than Metallica, of course). But overall the lack of good, memorable melodies and decent production is what really killed this album for me.
B000FQJAIW|5.0|I was born in April of 1972. My earliest memory is of the Bicentennial celebrations. I seem to remember watching people playing around with fireworks at our neighbor's house. But I'm not 100% sure these memories are accurate.    The first memory I know for sure is accurate is seeing \\"Star Wars\\" in 1977. This was back when it was just \\"Star Wars\\". Not \\"Star Wars: Episode IV: A New Hope\\". No, it was just a simple, single film.    But what a film it was! I am pretty sure I'd seen movies in theatres before this one, but I don't remember doing so. The first movie I remember seeing after this one is \\"Star Trek: The Motion Picture\\". When I got a little older, I remember being very happy every time I went to visit my Aunt Judy because she had HBO, and there was a decent chance they'd be showing Star Wars, so I'd get to see it again. When Christmas and birthdays rolled around, one of the things I'd always ask for was \\"Star Wars\\" action figures. My mom always made me use a magic marker to color their feet black so they wouldn't get mixed up with any owned by any of the neighbor kids.    Through the 1980's a lot of my life centered around the \\"Star Wars\\" films. I remember seeing \\"The Empire Strikes Back\\" and \\"Return of the Jedi\\" when they were first in theatres. Hell, I've even seen the abortion best known to the world as The Star Wars Holiday Special!    I provide this rather lengthy digression because I want to make it clear that this movie has had a huge impact on my life, and that's something reasonably common to my generation. We're called \\"Generation X\\", but in many ways we're really the \\"Star Wars\\" Generation. The earliest members of the generation would've been only twelve or thirteen when the first movie came out. The last ones were born when \\"Return of the Jedi\\" was still fresh.    With Star Wars George Lucas managed to take several diverse elements (mythology, Japanese cinema, westerns, etc), and combine them into a film that was truly universal in nature. You can take the movie to just about anywhere in the world and people will recognize elements familiar to them, even if they've never seen the movie before.    Even now, thirty-one years after the movie first premired, it's casting a shadow over the world of film. Along with such movies as \\"The Birth of a Nation\\" and \\"Citizen Kane\\", it completely recreated the way movies are made. Certainly it's one of the most influential films ever made. It's also far more accessible than either of those other two great movies.    Of course no real reflection on this movie could go by without taking notice of the amazing score by John Williams. Even now, I bet you can remember the sound of the music playing as Luke looked out at the twin suns setting, or the music playing as everyone but Chewbacca got medals, and of course you'll remember the amazing theme to the film's opening titles. The film's score gave a gravitas to science fiction music that had been previously reached only by \\"2001 - A Space Odyssey\\" (a film not nearly as good and very overrated), and even that movie's score was made impressive by the fact that it was lifted from the classical masters.    Of course back in 1997, many fans screamed, \\"Murther! Murther most foul!\\" when George Lucas released the special edition versions of the movies with enhanced special effects and the like. Me, I like the special edition versions of all three movies, especially the first. They don't change the story any, they are prettier to look at, and it was nice to see the movies in the theatres again.    The film is not without flaws. The dialogue is a little clunky and wooden (to those bitching about the prequels being shallow on the dialogue, I suggest you go back and listen to the first three films again). The characters are pretty one-dimensional for the most part.    But despite those flaws, the movie is spectacular, and even now has an impact that cannot be underestimated. I remember a few years ago, after it had first come out on DVD, I had a couple friends over for Christmas. We were talking, playing video games and just generally goofing around. While we were eating, I popped on the movie, and even though we'd all seen it a half a gazillion times, we were still enthralled and gave it our almost undivided attention to a film that came out in 1977. Now that's praise!    This isn't the best film in the sextology. That honor goes to The Empire Strikes Back. But it is the most important film, and one of the best movies ever made.    With this DVD you get the original film and you get the special edition version that was created for the original DVD release back in 2004. Which is better? Eh, honestly I prefer the special edition version, but that's just me. Either way, it's a wonderful buy.
B000S55516|4.0|I grew up loving my dad's cassette of this. The older I get the more brilliant it sounds.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|The \\"haters\\" have been waiting for this one. Unfortunately for them, Metallica is not washed up, this (nor was St. Anger) a radio friendly CD. Not sure what age has to do with anything, but sure to be mentioned. Or how they're not even a metal band.    As opposed to a track by track review, I'll give the info that I wanted to hear when I was 12 and everyone was starting to get their first instruments (that weren't brass and owned by the school). Is it hard - can you play any of the songs yet? This is the music that we all wanted to play in our garage. Long, difficult, fast and in your face. This isn't three chord pop...or punk. It's not screamo slop. These are well written songs with excellent composition. There are enough chord changes to fill 30 Green Day Cd's. Robert Trujillo is what Jason Newsted never could have been - a bassist the rest of the band actually respects. His chunky bass lines go toe to toe with Hetfield's chugging riffage all over \\"Death Magnetic\\" and the bass is evident on the faster tracks for the first time since Cliff Burton was alive.    I will note - James Hetfield's lyrics are not very good. \\"Puppets\\" and \\"...Justice\\" had brilliant lyrics that helped fuel the fire in the music. Unfortunately he's moved to generic, cliches, \\"love is a four letter word\\". Ouch.    \\"Death Magnetic\\" is what we were waiting for after \\"...Justice\\". There are most certainly bits and pieces of the 90's Metallica, but this is a great release that stands without exception next to the 80's Metallica that they are ultimately judged by.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Forget the last 20 years and pretend this is what came out after \\"Justice\\".    Thanks guys, all is forgiven - even you Lars, lol.    Now, can we please have a re-mix?    The retail clips badly and generally sounds terrible.
B0019EXZYE|4.0|Action man Jason Statham typecast here as a tough guy once more, aptly so this time, heads a team of amateurs and professionals in a wee little heist that would allow them to retire comfortably.     Except for one problem...actually it's quite a few. Apparently, scandalous photographs of utmost importance got stolen and they are of royal and political implications to this robbery.     Roger Donaldson does a fine job directing this tightly edited crime thriller. It could have been another nifty heist film, except that once the heist is over, that's where it gets more interesting. Half-way through the film, all sorts of double-crossing, skulduggery takes place, with each party with its own agenda trying procure what they want.     This Blu-Ray edition does a good job showing the warm colours of sixties London in its full monty. It does help that Donaldson recreated the setting and the atmosphere to stay true to its period.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Like many of Metallica's older fans, I have been less than satisfied (and in the case of St. Anger embarrassed) with their output since 1991. Metallica ceased to be Metallica when they completely changed their sound for Load, but they have finally embraced their roots and returned to form.  Death Magnetic should not dissappoint fans of the material released from 1983-1988.  Back is the epic 8-9 minute song with multiple time changes and twin guitar harmonies. I learned how to play bass and guitar back in the late 80's and early 90's by playing along to Metallica albums, but I haven't had even the slightest urge to play any songs that they have released since the black album.  I think it's time to break out the Les Paul and the full stack and crank it to 11.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is a great CD!!  If you have liked them for a while now, this is guaranteed to satisfy. Please don't compare this album with their old stuff...yes, they sound closer to their first albums, but this is a great album in it's own right, as is all their other albums (ok...maybe not St.Anger, but everbody wants to experiment with different things, right?).   Awesome riffs...awesome solos...awesome voice...awesome drums.... metallica at their best.   Crank it up, and enjoy....:-)
B001BPJJ82|5.0|As a film, you will either love or loathe \\"The Fall.\\"  It has a unique vision with some dark themes, heartwarming sequences, and above all beautiful images to soak in.  The film can be described as \\"The Princess Bride\\" as remade by Salvador Dali.    Strictly speaking as a Blu-Ray, this is demo material.  The images are done justice with high bit-rates, clean and vibrant colors, and a wonderful audio presentation.  There are some sequences that could be watched and re-watched many times over for their visual splendor alone.  Thankfully, the Blu-Ray does a masterful job of presenting it to the viewer.    I haven't listened to the commentaries yet, I briefly watched the extra features (which have more of a fly on the wall feel than a traditional EPK where everyone praises everyone), and I viewed some of the exclusive still images.  However, you will see why the film is great on blu-ray with the deleted scenes, which are in standard definition.  While they look nice, by contrast the 1080p blu ray images are much sharper and more vibrant.    Cinema lovers and blu ray adopters, this is a can't miss product.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I've been a Metallica fan for 20 years now and I'm going to keep this review short and sweet. Kirk's solos sound like Kirk, James' vocals sound like James, Robert Trujillo\\"s bass playing sounds way better than Newsted and finally Lars' drums sound like drums and not garbage cans.  Rick Rubin you are a god and Metallica, after 18 years of mainstream pop sounding crap all I have to say is welcome back guys!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'll start by stating I bought this CD in order to see just how much worse one of my favorite bands has become.  I grew up listening to these guys, and have been steadily more disappointed with each release since the Black album.  I stuck with them through the load years, but sorry, St Anger was just more than I could take.  It was utter dreck.  Embarrassing.  After hearing the single for this album, The Day That Never Comes, I thought we were just getting a little bit better version of the same.  Therefore, when I pressed play and heard what was coming out of the speakers, I thought I had put in the wrong CD.  This sounded like the Metallica of 20 years ago.  The single does not do it justice at all.  Why they chose that song is beyond me, when any other track would have been better.  This album, with the exception of the single, is the best thing these guys have done since Justice.  Seriously, 9 great songs, one so so song.  No, it is not exactly Master or Lightning, but it is pretty damn close.  Thank God they got rid of Bob Rock.  Rick Rubin has helped these guys remember who they really are.  Welcome back boys, can't wait 'till the tour rolls through this fall.
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|My first listen through, I was only sold on a few songs. But once I went back, I started to really get into the middle group of songs (even though the second track is still my fave). Really good metal, and probably one of the coolest bands to see live. Even if you're only a half-fan, I would see these guys live just to know what \\"Getting your money's worth\\" really means.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|i love metallica, i really do, but honestly only a few songs stood out to me at first, \\"my apocalypse\\", \\"cyanide\\", \\"the day that never comes\\". it is growing on me more and more. a month or so ago when i saw the title \\"the unforgiven 3\\" i thought \\"dear god no!\\", but it's actually a good song. i can relate to the lyrics almost as much as \\"low man's lyric\\" for reasons i'm not going to get into on amazon.com.<br /> the production just sounds like a rawer typical rick rubin production. james' vocals are a little buried sometimes but the guitars are pushed to the brink.<br /> for my own personal tastes i liked \\"load\\" cared less for \\"reload\\" and thought \\"st. anger\\" would have made a great five song e.p. (\\"frantic\\", \\"st. anger\\", \\"some kind of monster\\", \\"the unnamed feeling\\" and \\"all within my hands\\"). \\"...and justice for all\\" is my favourite with \\"master of puppets\\" close behind. so yeah, it's nice to have the boys leaning more in that direction. and it's nice to kirk back.  hopefully it won't be 2013 until we see/hear what they do next.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I have to say, I got hooked on \\"The Day That Never Comes\\" pretty fast, and haven't gotten it out of my head for awhile now. While I understand it's not at the same level as \\"One,\\" I still have a hard time criticizing it on any level. Beyond that, the guitar riffs for just about every song (especially \\"Cyanide\\" and \\"My Apocalypse\\" are downright fantastic. Metallica's always had excellent musical talent, but under Bob Rock they just started watering their sound down. I would even recommend \\"The Unforgiven III\\" ... better than \\"II\\" but not quite as majestic as the first one. Still, \\"III\\" has an almost western quality to its riffs, and it fits well with the orchestral accompaniment. Overall, 4 1/2 stars, primarily due to the outright fantastic guitar riffs.
B001BGTWXI|4.0|I think this is a quality album by slipknot. Granted there are a few questionable choices the band made on this album but overall I think its worthy of the Slipknot discography.     People seem to not realize how old most of the members of Slipknot are. Most are mid to late 30's, and Shawn being the oldest at 40. 40 years old! That could be my dad rocking out in Slipknot. They have been around for 13, almost 14 years now and, as other reviewers have said, you can't expect them to release \\"Slipknot\\" or \\"Iowa\\" 4 times in a row. After playing their older songs live so many times after so many years its not surprising that they would want branch their sound out and explore other ideas. You have to remember most musicians make music to satisfy their own creative desires, not yours. Another  factor to keep in mind is their success. How angry could one still be after making millions and millions of dollars and being one of the most recognizable and famous bands of our time. My point being, its understandable why their sound has tweaked and some of their songs may be a little on the softer side by now.    Anyways that is all besides the point of this review..which is the music! Except for a handful of tracks ( \\"dead memories\\", \\"snuff\\", \\"Vendetta\\"), any of these songs sound like good old slipknot to me. \\"This Cold Black\\", \\"Gemetria(The Killing Name)\\", \\"Wherein Lies Continue\\", \\"Butchers Hook\\", and \\"All Hope is Gone\\" are easily on par with anything on Iowa or Slipknot as far as heaviness and quality are concerned. \\"This Cold Black\\" sounds like its an Iowa outtake to me. \\"Sulfur\\" does have a little bit of a Stone Sour lean in the chorus and verses but it has some bite to it and ends on a good heavy note. \\"Psychosocial\\" is obviously a quality track and is one of the heavier singles Slipknot has released. It reminds me of \\"My Plague\\" a little bit. \\"Gehenna\\" is a personal favorite of mine, it has the dark, twisted atmosphere and effects that were lacking from Vol.3. While it is not particularly heavy all the way through, it is very creative and its reminiscent of similar dark tracks such as \\" Skin Ticket\\" \\"Iowa\\" and \\"prosthetics\\".      \\"Vendetta\\" is a huge disappointment. It starts off with a sick death metal riff, then goes all stone soury / Korny on us. There are a few redeeming qualities, the guitar parts are catchy and there is some good scratching but other than that I hate this song. \\"Dead Memories\\" and \\"Snuff\\" are OK tracks but I just think they totally kill the vibe and flow of the album. After the first 3 upbeat heavy tracks, \\"Dead Memories\\" and \\"Vendetta\\" slow the album down to a boring crawl. Same with \\"Snuff\\" which is sandwiched in between two of the albums heaviest tracks. And as others have said, they sound more suited for a Stone Sour album than a slipknot one. These 3 tracks fail to do what Vol 3 succeeded in doing by making softer Slipknot songs that still sound like they belong on a Slipknot album.     Overall this is a great album, perhaps it won't go down as a Slipknot classic like the self titled and Iowa, but it has classic slipknot elements while still expanding their sound at the same time. Theres tracks for metal and rock fans of all kinds, which can either be seen as a negative or positive depending on which camp you're in. I personally don't go to Slipknot if I want bone rattling heaviness as I listen to a lot of black and death metal, so the fact theres more singing and rock vibes at times doesn't bother me to the point where I don't want to listen to this. If you're looking for a fun, heavy listen you could do much worse.
B001BGTWXI|5.0|This being Slipknot's 4th album of a career nearing 10 years, they are reaching that point where what they as a band call \\"progression\\" runs the risk of being called \\"selling out\\" by their fans who loved them from the word \\"go\\". 20 years ago, my friends and I slapped the \\"sell out\\" tag on more than a few bands (Metallica being the biggest offender of our youth). So, I have to wonder if this album will be Slipknot's transition album that leads them to that inevitable fork in the road where they progress beyond their core fans or run the risk of becoming stale. It seems to be a very thin tightrope to walk for every band, especially in the genre metal where fans can turn into foes overnight.<br /><br />With all of that in mind, I can see the aspects of \\"All Hope Is Gone\\" that might make some of Slipknot's original fans angry or disinterested. Compared to the all-out-fury of \\"Iowa\\" or the combination of technical mastery and melodic foreplay of \\"Volume 3\\", \\"All Hope Is Gone\\" is often more straight-forward and subdued by comparison. It is fairly evident that Slipknot is focused more on writing songs first rather than taking a multitude of riffs and building a great song around them. In this case, for me, the approach works well.<br /><br />What I can sympathize with those disenchanted by this album about is that the singles on this album are clear, present and obviously crafted for radio and mainstream exposure. Granted, I think \\"Psychosocial\\" is a very powerful song as far as singles are concerned, but some of the softer stuff on this album can get a little too soft at times. At this point, I like most of it, but I can see why others might not.<br /><br />For those seeking the Slipknot of old, \\"All Hope Is Gone\\" is bookended by two mega-tracks that are as brutal and violent as anyone could ever want, especially the finale which is the perfect rallying cry for this time in our history. Much of this album is still very good, but I do wish they would have explored more of the technical aspects of the last album, as things get to be a tad formulaic at times.<br /><br />Personally, I think \\"All Hope Is Gone\\" meets most of the expectations and anticipation that has heaped upon this album prior to its release. I think that in time, a good amount of people that are initially turned off by this album will find plenty to like about it.of the last album, as things get to be a tad formulaic at times.     Personally, I think \\"All Hope Is Gone\\" meets most of the expectations and anticipation that has heaped upon this album prior to its release. I think that in time, a good amount of people that are initially turned off by this album will find plenty to like about it.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I have been listening to this album all day and it just reminds me of the Master of Puppets thru And Justice For All. Exceptional job by Rick Rubin. Thank you for giving us, the fans, what we craved for so long!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|It is no secret that there has been a TON of hype surrounding this album for the past few months. Oddly, for the first time since 1991, my curiosity was aroused. When mentions of \\"Ride The Lightning\\" and \\"And Justice For All\\" are bandied about so freely, how can one who once loved Metallica not raise an eyebrow? Despite all of the band's (to be fair, mostly Lars Ulrich's) idiotic and laughable actions and words since the mid-1990's, no one can deny the impact the first 4 Metallica albums had on metal and music in general.<br /><br />For me personally, I'll be the first to admit that it was incredibly strange to walk into the store this morning to buy \\"Death Magnetic\\". I have not purchased a Metallica-related product in almost 20 years. What can I say....curiosity got the best of me. After playing Rock Band, I reacquainted myself with Metallica's classic material and remembered what I loved about it back in 1988. The way in which hearing those songs brought me back combined with the hype pushed my curiosity to make the buy.<br /><br />Before I dive into each track individually, I will say that the vocals are grating to listen to and the lyrics are some of the worst I've heard in a while. I believe James Hetfield's vocals were strongest on the classic albums so I'll chalk up my dislike of his voice today to his age. After several listens, this is my only major gripe and it is one I can easily look past.<br /><br />1. That Was Just Your Life -- Easily the best album opener they've written since \\"Blackened\\". It has all of the ingredients of Metallica's best material while not sounding dated.<br /><br />2. The End Of The Line -- Harkens back to some of their older mid-tempo stuff with some of the hooks and groove of their less interesting stuff. That is not to say it's a bad song though as it seems they've made the grooves work for them while constantly keeping things moving.<br /><br />3. Broken, Beat And Scarred -- Another mid-tempo track with less groove, more teeth and more nods towards their earliest influences.<br /><br />4. The Day That Never Comes -- The first of the two tracks I heard weeks before release and the one that showed the album's potential. It's a tad radio-friendly and occasionally generic at the beginning, but it ends strong. Through multiple listens, it grows on you.<br /><br />5. All Nightmare Long -- Plenty of tempo changes with riffs that remind of a few different eras, all of them playing off one another nicely.<br /><br />6. Cyanide -- Musically more straight forward than the previous tracks. A song I neither love nor hate.<br /><br />7. The Unforgiven III -- The album's low point. Just boring and tailor-made for radio.<br /><br />8. The Judas Kiss -- A very competent bounce back after \\"The Unforgiven III\\". Another good mix of strong riffs and tempo changes.<br /><br />9. Suicide & Redemption -- Apparently, this is the first epic instrumental since \\"Justice\\". While I wouldn't dare put it in the same category as \\"Call Of Cthulu\\", this is a good song in it's own right.<br /><br />10. My Apocalypse -- \\"Death Magnetic\\" ends up being bookended with a very strong finale. Short and quick with no wasted motion. One of the best songs they've written in 20 long years.<br /><br />In short, you have 7 really strong tracks, 1 decent song, 1 that is listenable and 1 that is just plain bad. While it's not a full blown return to the bygone era, this is the most Metallica-esque album to come out since 1988. Had this come out after \\"And Justice For All\\", I don't know too many people who would have complained.luences.    4. The Day That Never Comes -- The first of the two tracks I heard weeks before release and the one that showed the album's potential. It's a tad radio-friendly and occasionally generic at the beginning, but it ends strong. Through multiple listens, it grows on you.    5. All Nightmare Long -- Plenty of tempo changes with riffs that remind of a few different eras, all of them playing off one another nicely.     6. Cyanide -- Musically more straight forward than the previous tracks. A song I neither love nor hate.    7. The Unforgiven III -- The album's low point. Just boring and tailor-made for radio.     8. The Judas Kiss -- A very competent bounce back after \\"The Unforgiven III\\". Another good mix of strong riffs and tempo changes.    9. Suicide & Redemption -- Apparently, this is the first epic instrumental since \\"Justice\\". While I wouldn't dare put it in the same category as \\"Call Of Cthulu\\", this is a good song in it's own right.    10. My Apocalypse -- \\"Death Magnetic\\" ends up being bookended with a very strong finale. Short and quick with no wasted motion. One of the best songs they've written in 20 long years.    In short, you have 7 really strong tracks, 1 decent song, 1 that is listenable and 1 that is just plain bad. While it's not a full blown return to the bygone era, this is the most Metallica-esque album to come out since 1988. Had this come out after \\"And Justice For All\\", I don't know too many people who would have complained.
184195392X|1.0|I could not finish it. I did not like the narrative at all. It was slow and just lost me after about 50 pages...    If you are not sure, please check out the book from a library so that you do not waste your money on this book. I regret paying 10 bucks on it...
B00192KCQ0|5.0|For those of you who don't want to read past the first sentence of this review, let me summarize very quickly: St. Anger = worst Metallica album ever, Death Magnetic = Best Metallica Album since the Black Album.  Within the first 2 minutes of the opening track \\"That Was Just Your Life,\\" you can tell that Metallica has taken their time with this offering and it has definitely paid off.  While you can't consider this as thrashy as their 1980's albums, the sound definitely hearkens back to that time and reminds you that these guys can still ROCK over 20 years later since they premiered with \\"Kill 'Em All.\\"      There are two groups of Metallica fans: those who think they sold out after the 1980's and those who actually enjoy what they did in the 1990's.  I am younger and I grew up with Metallica in the 1990's, so I like Black Album, Load, ReLoad, and Garage Inc.  I also like and appreciate the albums they produced in the 1980's.  I feel there is room for both and people can enjoy both.  This album accomplishes what they tried to do with St. Anger and I feel that both groups of fans can really enjoy this album.    If you haven't given this group a chance in the last 15 years, now is the time.  Buy and enjoy this album.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Let me first state that I would buy a Metallica album if they did jazz, emo or even blues. They've been my number 1 band since the first time I heard One at the age of 13. So i might be a bit prejudiced.     But I'm also a music fan who loves 80's thrash just as much as 50's jazz. And my Mastodon albums sit between Massive Attack and Dave Matthews. I LIKE MUSIC. So I've you think: 'Hey, that's just like me' GO BUY DEATH MAGNETIC.    This is a good album. Is it their best. No. Is it thrash? No. Has is got perfect production? No. And the answer to your next 4 questions will probably also be No.    This is simply a mix of everything they've done in their career until now. It has elements of every album. Which means it has a RTL/MOP/AJFA  overall feel (progressive thrash), TBA/LOAD melodies/harmonies/grooves, but also St.Anger flaws (song that are just a bit too long and parts that don't seem to flow right).      I've had a few doubts and raised eyebrows when first hearing some of the songs. But after hearing them more and more and learning every change/transition they grew on me.    I like Death Magnetic and after hearing it ten more times I'll love it. This will stay in my cd-player for at least 2 or 3 weeks and keep growing on me.     If you've found pleasure in everything Metallica's done so far.. (or grew with them through the years)GO BUY IT. If your a fan since TBA this might be a bit on the ruff side. If your a fan of just the first 4 albums this will probably only sound like decent material.
0441013597|2.0|It really puzzles me how this book could have so many five stars. How a slow book like this could achieve a rating close to Ender's Game is indeed quite incomprehensible. Are there many fans from the 1960s editions rating it?
B0000457HB|5.0|Barry Eugene White (born Barrence Eugene Carter on September 12, 1944 in Galveston, Texas) rose from a shaky beginning to become one of the acknowledged giants of the industry during the 1970s. His early years were spent living in South Central Los Angeles where, at the age of 10, he became a gang member which, one supposes, was the key to survival then (and now). When he was 17 he went to jail on a 4-month sentence for targeting wheels off of Cadillacs, and while there he credits the turn-around in his life to hearing Elvis Presley sing It's Now Or Never.<br /><br />His first foray into music was as a member of the group The Upfronts who had 5 singles released on the Lumitone label from 1960 to 1964 (none of which charted). He then took his deep bass voice as a solo artist to Atlantic in 1964, and in 1966 recorded as Barry Lee for Downey (Man Ain't Nothin'/I Don't Need It), again without success. After working as the A&R man for a couple of years for two more small labels, he formed an all-female trio he named Love Unlimited in 1969 consisting of sisters Linda and Glodean (whom he would marry in 1974) James and Diane Taylor and, as their manager/producer, watched as their first hit, Walkin' In The Rain With The One I Love, hit # 6 R&B/# 14 Billboard Pop Hot 100 in the spring of 1972 for the Uni label. Barry added his voice to the song as \\"the man on the telephone.\\"<br /><br />By mid-1973 the group was with 20th Century where they would add 5 more hit singles to 1975 before switching to Unlimited Gold, there adding 4 more to 1980. In the meantime, Barry had organized the 40-piece Love Unlimited Orchestra to back their songs, and from late 1973 to 1977, with Barry conducting, that huge congregation added 7 instrumental hits of their own, including their first, Love's Theme (# 1 Hot 100 and Adult Contemporary (AC)/#10 R&B in December 1973/January 1974) which, some say, ushered in the \\"disco\\" sound.<br /><br />The orchestra would also back Barry on many of his solo hits, which kicked in with I'm Gonna Love You Just A Little More Baby, a monster # 1 R&B (7 weeks at the top), # 3 Hot 100 and # 27 AC in May/June 1973 on 20th Century. He would add 19 more with that label to 1979, then 11 with Unlimited Gold from 1979 to 1982, and after being off the charts for five years, would have 15 more from 1987 to 1999 for A&M. Qwest, Cold Chillin', Virgin and Private Music.<br /><br />In this great 2-CD package, which has excellent sound reproduction, you get all but one of his 20th Century hits (the missing one is Baby, We Better Try To Get It Together which hit # 29 R&B/# 92 Hot 100 in summer 1976), two from his Unlimited Gold days (It Ain't Love Babe (Until You Give It Up) and Love Makin' Music), four A&M hits (Sho' You Right, Put Me In Your Mix, Practice What You Preach and Come On), nd his last charter from summer 1999 on Private Music, the # 45 R&B Staying Power. Mixed in are three Love Unlimited Orchestra hits - Love's Theme, Satin Soul and My Sweet Summertime Suite. Full details of the contents are contained in the discography in the insert, which also contains four pages of liner notes written by Brian Chin, a well-known dance music/pop chronicler since 1978 for Record World, The Village Voice, Billboard, Record Mirror, Music Business International. the New York Post and London's Music Week.<br /><br />Sadly, after suffering from chronic high blood pressure for years, resulting in kidney failure, Barry passed away on July 4, 2003. A little over a year later, on September 20, 2004, he was inducted into the Dance Music Hall of Fame.I'm Gonna Love You Just A Little More Baby, a monster # 1 R&B (7 weeks at the top), # 3 Hot 100 and # 27 AC in May/June 1973 on 20th Century. He would add 19 more with that label to 1979, then 11 with Unlimited Gold from 1979 to 1982, and after being off the charts for five years, would have 15 more from 1987 to 1999 for A&M. Qwest, Cold Chillin', Virgin and Private Music.    In this great 2-CD package, which has excellent sound reproduction, you get all but one of his 20th Century hits (the missing one is Baby, We Better Try To Get It Together which hit # 29 R&B/# 92 Hot 100 in summer 1976), two from his Unlimited Gold days (It Ain't Love Babe (Until You Give It Up) and Love Makin' Music), four A&M hits (Sho' You Right, Put Me In Your Mix, Practice What You Preach and Come On), nd his last charter from summer 1999 on Private Music, the # 45 R&B Staying Power. Mixed in are three Love Unlimited Orchestra hits - Love's Theme, Satin Soul and My Sweet Summertime Suite. Full details of the contents are contained in the discography in the insert, which also contains four pages of liner notes written by Brian Chin, a well-known dance music/pop chronicler since 1978 for Record World, The Village Voice, Billboard, Record Mirror, Music Business International. the New York Post and London's Music Week.    Sadly, after suffering from chronic high blood pressure for years, resulting in kidney failure, Barry passed away on July 4, 2003. A little over a year later, on September 20, 2004, he was inducted into the Dance Music Hall of Fame.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|After St.Anger,I had given these guys up for dead,but after hearing this new release,I must say that Metallica is back with a vengeance!This cd is compared to And Justice for all,but in my opinion,it surpasses that!Easily their best since \\"The Black Album\\".
B00192KCQ0|5.0|It's been 25 years since Metallica released the amazing \\"Kill 'em All\\" album.  And 25 years later, they're still one of the biggest acts around.  Why?  Metallica is that good!    People have been b******* and moaning about every album they've released.  I did too ... when they released the \\"Black\\" album.  But in retrospect, it too is an incredible piece of work.  All that the complaining really proves ... is that people are truly passionate about the music this band releases.  Very few bands have created such passion in their audience.    I appreciate what Metallica does.  They write the music they want to write.  Unlike a politician or Bon Jovi, they put their art above all else.  A favorite target of dissatisfaction is their previous release, \\"St. Anger\\".  I understand why people don't like it.  It's not radio friendly, nor does it abide to the formula \\"metal heads\\" expect.  And yes, the \\"metal head\\" demand for a certain type of music is every bit as shallow as those who demand the radio friendliness of the \\"Black\\" album.    St. Anger is raw, hard, vicious, and even ugly ... Metallica meant every word and note on that album.  You can hear it in the lyrics, and feel it in the music.  It is not an album meant to appease anyone.  It is art.  It is as poignant as a painting by Van Gogh.    \\"Death Magnetic\\" is again another brilliant piece of art.  Every song, from beginning to end, is nothing short of musical brilliance.  These guys are genuine master musicians, amazing composers of song, and the very definition of hard rock.    \\"Death Magnetic\\" certainly has its roots in their early work, but like everything Metallica does, it offers the listener something new.  Metallica is the only true, genuine comparison of music as art, to Led Zeppelin.  No other band has ever been able to create masterpiece after masterpiece, the way these two bands have.    If you want good, genuine, hard rock - buy \\"Death Magnetic\\" today.  You won't be disappointed.  But if you're looking forthe same old, same old ... I think Motley Crue released a new record.  Get that one instead.
0321544080|2.0|There's no question on the competence of Joe McNally. The pictures are impeccable in this book. But indeed he should have done more to teach.     Although some are drawn on tissue paper, in his blog you can see lighting diagrams (where to place the flashes/softboxes). He also show some behind-the-scene pictures on how even the backdrop was set-up along with a commentary on what was the assignment for and the theme he wants to achieve. He should have done the same in this book.     I think the problem was in the decision to make a coffee table and tutorial book in one. Should have selected just one objective, to satisfy fully that purpose?     I hope Joe will write another book with more tutoring. Doesnt have to be a tell-all, spoonfeeding stuff. Just something you can follow and experiment with--again, similar to what he writes in his bog.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is the moment that many musician have been waiting for. A classic album with all the right elements of righteous music. This album does deliver with an instantaneous kick to the heart to get people moving and thinking about the future. The lyrics are extremely well crafted with soul. It is worth buying this album because almost every song is worth, unlike other artist who release one or two good song and fill in with \\"filler\\" songs to make up an album.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|When I heard that the new Metallica album \\"Death Magnetic\\" was supposed to be a missing link between \\"And Justice For All\\" and the black album, I was skeptical and intrigued.  After listening to it about 5 times in a week, I pretty much agree.  It has mostly really heavy songs excluding \\"The Day That Never Comes\\" and \\"Unforgiven 3\\".  However, they both end up having heavy parts in them later in the song, so it is definitely not the black album which I find semi-bland.  It is the best thing they have put out in 20 years.  Just keep an open mind when listening to it.  Just because every original studio album since and including the black album have been at the best lackluster, they have really had an awakening on this album and have fully recovered from the disaster that was/is \\"St. Anger\\". METALLICA!!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Basically some really strong, winding material w/some nice bare, punchcy production. The band sounds energized, and even Kirk Hammett seems to have widened his variety of soloing ability...there are some nice unexpected turns; The instrumental in the middle of 'Cyanide' w/his somewhat expanded solo was def. unexpected. The band even emulates everyone from Slayer to Stone Temple Pilots here from time to time to me, and there seems to be a heavy Megadeth style influence at times in terms of some of the instrumental breaks. Everyone sounds really good here, and I was very impressed with much of Lars' drumming. It's nice to hear them going back to some of the old school rythyms, too. Some say this is stale and tiresome, but when it's done right, it's far from stale and tiresome. A throwback CD w/yet another step forward. I would have to say this CD is a very good balancing act, and fans should have little to complain about. My only complaint would be some of the lyrics sound contrived and pretentious, for lack of better words. Not all, but some did make me cringe. But don't be misled; Pretty much nothing but great stuff here.
B000QFBW6K|3.0|This is a story . . . a 15 hour story, and most of the story is told in a melody that is neither flattering to the modern ear nor interesting, in my opinion. And it is probably a production more suited to an advanced listener/viewer of the cycle.    However, considering the story Wagner is telling, his means and method, it could be appreciated by someone that is not an advance opera aficionado of the cycle. During the long 15 hours required to watch the complete work, it would help to know something about the composition before hand just as it is helpful to have read the plays of Shakespeare before watching them. Here is a link to English translations of the script [...]    Der Ring des Nibelungen (The Ring of the Nibelung) is a cycle of four epic music dramas by Richard Wagner which are loosely based on characters from Norse sagas and The Nibelungenlied (The Song of the Nibelungs) an epic poem in Middle High German, a story of a dragon-slayer Siegfried.    Taking twenty-six years to write, the four operas are Das Rheingold (The Rhinegold), Die Walküre (The Valkyrie), Siegfried, Götterdämmerung (Twilight of the Gods), and although individual operas are works in their own right, full understanding of the story of the Ring cycle requires viewing or attending all four operas which in total lasts for 15 hours with the first and shortest lasting two and a  half hours, while the final, Götterdämmerung, can take up to six and a half hours depending on the conductors pace. Wagner wrote for an orchestra of gargantuan proportions, and eventually had a purpose-built theater (the Bayreuth Festspeilhaus) constructed in which to perform this work.    The cycle is the story of an epic struggle of gods, heroes, and several mythical creatures, over a magic Ring that grants domination over the entire world (sound familiar?). For specifics on the cycle such as list of characters, story line and instrumentation I would suggest this link . . . [...]    Repeating tonal patterns andmelodies are used consistently in this work and the music reflects the mood of the scene being acted out on stage. The repeating themes become richer and more defined as the cycle progresses. It is these themes at their richest and most well defined that I find as the most melodic and sublime I have heard. On the other hand, the shear length of the work, and Wagner's style of composing the music to reflect the scene creates long internals during the stage action that the music is very dissonant. This particular production is rather abstract and unconventional in the stage props and costuming. A seasoned cycle fan might find this exciting.But this leaves the less seasoned cycle fan little clue to the meaning of the action on stage so for a full understanding one must understand the German that is spoken or more accurately sung, or alternatively have a translation of the script. Fortunately, I have found complete translations into English of the cycle for you at [...]    Finally, there are many highlight recordings of the cycle which focus on the most melodic of the composition if pleasant listening is one motivation for listening to the cycle. It requires a great deal of endurance to watch the complete cycle and probably a good deal of study about the underlying plot of the drama to have an appreciating for the full 15 hours of this work. Here is a link to start a full understanding of the cycle and it's music . . . [...]    Good luck.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I listed to the cd and was amazed at how well the band sounded the last cd anger sounded so bad, it was not funny. We wait 5 years and we get a really good metallica cd knowing full well that the kill em all and puppets sound is every coming back which is fine. So to the old fans like me and new fan a like buy the cd and be you're own judge!!
B000TEUSJK|5.0|The opening credit I typed is spoken brilliantly by Malcolm McDowell as the title character CALIGULA.  In this we follow Caligula and his HORRORSHOW ways of torture-incest-decapitation/castration & bloodletting,there is also lots and lots of sex!!!  This being a Penthouse film release one would expect that but this is much more then just a porn film.  It is the first and only porn film I have seen(and friends I have seen a lot \\"COUGH\\")that actually tells a story.  We follow Caligula on his quest for power and all the while he and his sister showing MUCH admiration for each other.  This has beautiful music and great acting by not only its stars but supporting cast as well.  The set design is awesome and for 1976(when it was filmed) you can really see the $17.5 million dollar production.  Caligula is by no means for everyone and even the heavy-cut R presentation could make one mutter...OH! PLEASE! PLEASE STOP IT NOW!!!!  The HORROR film CANNIBAL HOLOCAUST has been called THE MOST CONTROVERSIAL FILM FOR ALL TIME.  Well I am here to say CALIGULA gives that statement a run for its $$$.  Worth a watch for the open minded.<br /><br />OPEN YOUR EYES EVELYN!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|First of all, the \\"this record fits right after Justice and before The Black Album\\" are just so much do-do. This album fits right where it is... the newest effort by a band that hadn't truly forgotten how to make a good record. If you saw Metallica in the last 10 years, you'd know they could still shred and they can still play melodic speed metal. You also knew that they could still wail out a tune like Master Of Puppets or Jump In The Fire.     What we DIDN'T know is if they were willing to write a record that the fans wanted to hear. More specifically if they wanted to jump back to the \\"old days\\" the way the fans wanted. It seems like JaymeZ and co have at least headed in that direction.     I'm going to say it's a VERY GOOD album. Not a 5-star, smashing sucess of a Metallica record that we all wanted to hear after the dissappointment of St. Anger, which in it's defense was ruined by an idiot producer... the songs are solid and if you added in a guitar solo or two like on the rehearsal DVD, you change the dynamic of those songs.. but I digress.     The sound clipping at higher volumes is more than a bit annoying, it's downright rude to the consumer. However, there's a simple solution.. turn it down. I know it's kinda contrary to metal thought process, but I'm an aged metalhead anyway at this point (I bought the first Metallica record in an indie store before Electra properly distributed it on the East Coast). The other main complaint is they still haven't fixed the drum tones correctly... Lars used to play Tama drums and that bouncy sound was part of Metallica, but here it sounds like they're overtightened and untuned.. and that God-awful metallic tinny sound returns at times just to annoy the heck outta ya.     Overall, a solid listen that'll get more than a few spins until I get to see the mighty Metallica jugernaught live again.    OH.. and the best part: The logo is back!
B00005JPSM|2.0|I like both Catherine Zeta-Jones and Aaron Eckhart but they don't come across well in this film.  She's stiff and unlikable, and he just doesn't fit the role of a passionate, opera-loving chef.  Neither actor is helped by the fact that this movie isn't quite sure what it wants to be.  It jumps haphazardly from drama to cliched scenes of pillow fighting and a particularly banal clip of a desperate Zeta-Jones interviewing a quick succession of odd looking people for a chef's job, which I assume was meant to be funny.  Frankly I'm surprised it's tagged as a romantic comedy as there was very little to laugh about or find lovey dovey, although I did I cringe a few times.    I watched this movie on cable and I'm glad I never paid for the privilege.  It's predictable Hollywood guff.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Wow!  I have been waiting for a Metallica album like this for almost twenty years!  Great riffs, complex song structures, solos (lots, and good ones), bass you can hear, kickdrums you can feel, and James growling like the old days.  Doesn't get much better than this.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I have been waiting for this for so long.  I was extremely disappointed with St. Anger.  They are Back!  Long riffs, power drums, not a whole lot of singing.  Just like 20 years ago, 8 minute anthems!!!
B000EZ7ZXQ|2.0|Version: U.S.A / Region Free  Aspect ratio: 2.40:1  MPEG-2 BD-25  Running time: 1:39:03  Movie size: 18,51 GB  Disc size: 20,22 GB  Average video bit rate: 17.05 Mbps    LPCM Audio                      English         4608 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit  Dolby Digital Audio             English         640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz       Dolby Digital Audio             French          640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz       Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz    Subtitles: English / English SDH / Chinese / French / Korean / Portuguese / Spanish / Thai    #Actor & Director Commentary  #Gag Reel  #Talkin Pidgin Featurette
B001EO748M|5.0|There will be spoilers here - a caveat. Please read on.     Meet Henry VIII as he was as a young man: a political rock star -- handsome, robust, wild, spoiled, and hot-tempered. Everything he wanted, he got -- except for that elusive male heir...    The Tudors (SII) is an absolutely gorgeous visual ode to one of the most controversial chapters in Western political history. The series itself is a dazzling celebration of Tudor-era music (a precursor to our own pop music), stunning costumes, lovely, lusty women and handsome manly men, breathtaking castles and Tudor manors. Season II is even more provocative, dangerous, and sexy than the first season. Bravo, Showtime, for producing such a lush, thoughtful, and beautifully produced series that is above all an intelligent meditation on the shifting nature of politics and the dangers of gross imbalances of political power.     I am a literary scholar who specializes in this period and I love the adaptation, despite some of its loose treatment of dates and persons. The series captures the tumultuous *spirit* of Henry's era. The series allows us to peer into this astonishing historical moment, the instant when England broke from the Church of Rome. The future of politics and the state of nations would never be the same. Another plus: Henry's queens are brought to life beautifully by Maria Doyle Kennedy (as the pious and determined Katherine of Aragon) and by the newcomer Natalie Dormer, who excellently plays the controversial Anne Boleyn as a fierce social-climber haunted by her past and troubled by her father's rabid political manipulations. Dormer's Boleyn has a look deep in her eyes that shows us that she knows, in her soul, that she is doomed. This is a testament to Dormer as a young actress; she shows us the \\"arc\\" of Anne Boleyn as Anne/Natalie matures from a young and ambitious mistress to-the-king to a neglected, then persecuted, wife and lonely mother (to Elizabeth I, future great queen). JRM is also splendidly original as Henry: brash, lustful, and temperamental. We can believe in his Henry's burning love for Anne as well as his eventual hatred for her and his willingness to have the mother of his child executed.     This series is in my opinion the finest vision of this time period, superior to A Man for All Seasons, Anne of the Thousand Days, the Elizabeth I series with Helen Mirren, and numerous others. This series has sparkle and spirit in addition to rich intelligence (evidenced by its well-composed screenplay), smart casting choices (though Joss Stone is still a question mark for me as Anne of Cleves), and sensational locations. Bravo!
B000NTPDSW|4.0|Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, C  Subtitles: English / English SDH / French / Portuguese / Spanish  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / High Profile 4.1    Title: The Godfather  Running time: 2:57:09  Movie size: 47,98 GB  Disc size: 48,35 GB  Total bit rate: 36.12 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 27.01 Mbps    Dolby TrueHD Audio English 3557 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 3557kbps (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio French 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio Spanish 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio English 192 kbps 2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Dolby Digital Audio English 192 kbps 2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps    Number of chapters: 23    *********************************************************    Title: The Godfather: Part II  Running time: 3:22:06  Movie size: 47,76 GB  Disc size: 47,98 GB  Total bit rate: 31.51 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 22.64 Mbps    Dolby TrueHD Audio English 3592 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 3592kbps (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio French 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio Spanish 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio English 192 kbps 2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  Dolby Digital Audio English 192 kbps 2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps    Number of chapters: 30    *********************************************************    Title: The Godfather: Part III  Running time: 2:50:15  Movie size: 47,62 GB  Disc size: 47,82 GB  Total bit rate: 37.30 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 28.93 Mbps    Dolby TrueHD Audio English 3309 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 3309kbps (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio French 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio Spanish 640 kbps 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio English 192 kbps 2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps    Number of chapters: 25
B00005JLR8|3.0|In America was a highly regarded film that was released in 2003. I found a DVD copy in the rental store's bargain bin and bought it on that reputation. While not a bad film I again must wonder why is it that critics tend to rave about merely, at best, competent films? Yes, most films, books, CDs, etc. are utter crap so I realize the standard retort would be `you've answered your own query'- yet....still when such an obviously flawed film is boostered and receives Oscar buzz I shake my head. The film was directed by Jim Sheridan, whose best-known prior film was My Left Foot, and is a mish-mash of a film that tries to be many things but fails to be what all films should strive for most- a great film.<br />  In many ways it's sort of a modern Angela's Ashes told from a female child's perspective.... The basic problem is the film simply does not know whether it wants to be a realistic slice of New York poverty/tragedy, an uplifting Frank Capran fantasy, or a mystical allegory, so it ends up a middling piece of mush that leaves the viewer wanting more. As for the DVD features- the film and sound were fine, the DVD commentary rather pedestrian though. Sheridan tends to ramble between comments on the film, the `real' biographical elements that went into the tale, and times when he seems to be speaking just to fill the track. There are deleted scenes, but nothing of any consequence, and an alternate ending that merely consists of a slight twist on the film's use of Christy's camcorder as an all-seeing eye to tell a highly condensed version of the story. Would that Sheridan had concentrated more on what he wanted to tell, rather than how he wanted to tell it, and the film would have succeeded far more than it does. As is, it's one of those films that slightly annoy because, in the hands of a better director, it could have been something as haunting as the couple's dead child is meant to be.
B0017APPT8|4.0|Version: U.S.A / Region A,B,C  Aspect ratio: 1.85:1  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50  Running time: 1:37:58  Movie size: 29,27 GB  Disc size: 37,77 GB  Total bit rate: 39.83 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 23.87 Mbps    Dolby TrueHD 5.1 1801Kbps English (48kHz/16-bit)  Dolby TrueHD Audio 1753 kbps French (48kHz/16-bit)  Dolby TrueHD Audio 1744 kbps Portuguese (48kHz/16-bit)  Dolby Digital Audio 448 kbps Spanish / Thai    Subtitles: English / English SDH / Arabic / Chinese / Dutch / French / Indonesian / Korean / Portuguese / Spanish / Thai    Number of chapters: 16    #Commentaries  #Featurette: \\"Metamorphosis Of MIB\\" (SD, 23 minutes)  #Original EPK (SD, 6 minutes)  #Deleted/Alternate Scenes (SD, 6 minutes)  #Visual Effects Scene Deconstructions (SD)  #Scene Editing Workshop (SD)  #Still Galleries (SD)  #Music Video (SD)  #Trailers (HD)  #Interactive Game  #Alien Subtitle Track  #BD-Live
B000HEWEJO|5.0|At its center, the film works because we all have wondered what would the world be like if we were never born. Have we had an impact? After all, whether it's leaving behind descendants, works of art, discoveries, or just our name, we all want some recognition, that we mattered, or at least were here. It helps define our sojourn, and allow us to extrapolate meaning from a cosmos which is random, indifferent, and so large and eternal as to defy the meager human ability to fully comprehend. With that as a base desire, the film then goes nearly two hours showing us a life that has many tangents with ours- be you an American, Mongolian, or Zulu. We see the effect George has had, even if he does not, and know what can only await him when Clarence pulls out his life's rug from under his feet- if not the particulars, certainly the general effects, which can only be negative. Yes, George may be more involved with others than the typical person, but we are all connected, however peripherally. This film does a better job than any other film in espousing the notion of The Butterfly Effect, even more so than the recent film of that name. We all see ourselves in George Bailey, for the film does not focus on George's mere home nor business lives, but all the important moments they bound, and even fail to contain. We can easily extrapolate ourselves into his position, especially at his moment of crisis, when he literally, as Potter taunts, is worth more dead than alive- at least on a material level.... This toweringly great film is all about corralling the material instincts and aspects of the world, and using them for the right reasons, while appreciating the values that lie beneath those instincts. The cynics, dummies, and willful misreaders of this film be damned! It is not corny, cheesy, hokey, nor a mere feel good tearjerker, like its many inferior copycats are. Too often the commercials or excerpts that are shown damage the overall film's perception, for it's a synergistic film, whose whole far surpasses its parts. It is great art, period. It is defensible not only on an emotional level, but on intellectual and artistic levels. It is also testament to the fact that great art always rises to the surface, even if bad critics pummel it. This has an extra resonance for me and those who produce excellence with no immediate reward nor recognition. But, even without that, It's A Wonderful Life deserves its plaudits, and your viewership.lm, whose whole far surpasses its parts. It is great art, period. It is defensible not only on an emotional level, but on intellectual and artistic levels. It is also testament to the fact that great art always rises to the surface, even if bad critics pummel it. This has an extra resonance for me and those who produce excellence with no immediate reward nor recognition. But, even without that, It's A Wonderful Life deserves its plaudits, and your viewership.
B001B7CNXI|4.0|Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, C  Format: Blu-ray  Aspect ratio: 2.35:1  VC-1 BD-50  Running time: 2:19:12 (Director's cut)  Movie size: 38,58 GB  Disc size: 40,84 GB  Average video bit rate: 29.53 Mbps    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         3744 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 3744kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS Audio                       French          768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  DTS-HD Audio                    English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps    Subtitles: English SDH / French / Spanish  Number of chapters: 20    #Audio Commentary  #Featurette: \\"Miami Vice Undercover\\" (SD, 22 minutes)  #Additional Featurettes (SD, 28 minutes)  #Vignettes: \\"Behind the Scenes\\" (SD, 13 minutes)  #Picture-in-Picture - U-Control  #Tech Specs/GPS  #Cast Bios/Production Photographs
B000ZN802W|1.0|How did the bus get there? Of all the questions (pseudo and real) that Sean Penn's latest film, Into The Wild, is so manifestly trying to provoke- and in a semi-retarded hippy-cum-tree hugger sort of way, this most basic and elemental plot point is never addressed. But, more on that later.<br />  The film is based upon the 1996 nonfiction bestseller by Jon Krakauer, about a spoiled rich white suburban boy who basically commits suicide in the Alaskan wilderness, although he is so painfully unaware of the real world that he does not even know his own dark- almost Objectivist, impulses, and where they will lead. The book the film is based upon was a good read, even if one might question the wisdom of making a martyr out of such a delusional narcissist as Christopher Johnson McCandless (Emile Hirsch)- the 24 year old who starved to death on the aforementioned bus, after accidentally poisoning himself with inedible berries, in the middle of Alaska's wilds, after adopting the pseudonym Alexander Supertramp.<br />  The lead character is simply annoyingly repellant- perhaps only Roberto Benigni's lead character, Guido, in the awful Life Is Beautiful, makes a viewer more actively root for the character's death. In that film the lead character is so annoying that one actually roots for the Nazis to kill him, and in this film McCandless is so pompous and the film so long (140 minutes, compared to a book barely over 200 pages) that, at the hour mark, one wishes he'd just die already, so one can vacate the theater. But, no relief will come for over an hour. But, as repellant as Chris McCandless, the character, is, the direction by Sean Penn- in his first truly big budget feature, is ATROCIOUS! Yes, Penn is a great actor, but his direction, and even worse screenplay, make this film a chore. Only some stellar acting, mostly by supporting actors, saves this film from total disaster.... That so many people identify and sympathize with this unfortunately deluded and hollow young loser bespeaks how little they even notice themselves, and their own flaws, much less the many other McCandlesses that proliferate in cafes across the nation. Life is as real, both for the good and ill, in a New York City deli, a doctor's waiting room, or in a tenement, as it is on the peak of Mount Everest, riding the tube of a forty foot wave in Hawaii, or trekking through the Amazon. McCandless never learned this for no one seemed to care enough to even try to stop him. Of course, even had they, he was so selfish and uncaring of others' feelings, that he likely would not have been deterred. And, Penn would likely not have cared to make a film about such a character, anyway.<br />  So, given the predetermined mess of this film, I return to the opening query- how did the bus, which the film refers to as `magic'- thank you to The Who, get there? A Google search reveals the bus was fortuitously left by a highway construction company, decades earlier, to be used as a waystation for hikers, hunters, and campers. Since everything else in this film is so obvious, I just thought you'd want to know that and, also, to avoid this film. Thank me later.ks how little they even notice themselves, and their own flaws, much less the many other McCandlesses that proliferate in cafes across the nation. Life is as real, both for the good and ill, in a New York City deli, a doctor's waiting room, or in a tenement, as it is on the peak of Mount Everest, riding the tube of a forty foot wave in Hawaii, or trekking through the Amazon. McCandless never learned this for no one seemed to care enough to even try to stop him. Of course, even had they, he was so selfish and uncaring of others' feelings, that he likely would not have been deterred. And, Penn would likely not have cared to make a film about such a character, anyway.    So, given the predetermined mess of this film, I return to the opening query- how did the bus, which the film refers to as `magic'- thank you to The Who, get there? A Google search reveals the bus was fortuitously left by a highway construction company, decades earlier, to be used as a waystation for hikers, hunters, and campers. Since everything else in this film is so obvious, I just thought you'd want to know that and, also, to avoid this film. Thank me later.
B001DRF84W|4.0|Version: U.S.A / Region A, B, C  Format: Blu-ray  Aspect ratio: 1.85:1  VC-1 BD-50  Running time: 2:18:13  Movie size: 39,01 GB  Disc size: 43,35 GB  Average video bit rate: 24.00 Mbps    Main Video: VC-1 / 24 Mbps  1080p / 23.976fps / Advanced Profile 3  PiP Stream: VC-1 / 617 kbps 480p / 23.976fps /  Advanced Profile 2    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         4108 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 4108kbps (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 1536kbps)  DTS Audio                       French          768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  DTS Audio                       French          768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  DTS Audio                       German          768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  DTS Audio                       Italian         768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  DTS Audio                       Japanese        768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  DTS Audio                       Spanish         768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  DTS Audio                       Spanish         768 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 24-bit / 768kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps  DTS                             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48kHz / 192kbps    Subtitles: English SDH / Chinese / Danish / Dutch / Finnish / German / French / Japanese / Italian / Korean / Norwegian / Portuguese / Spanish / Swedish    Number of chapters: 32    #U-Control features Picture-in-Picture  #Audio commentary with director Ang Lee  #Featurette: Evolution of the Hulk  #Featurette: The Incredible Ang Lee  #The Dog Fight Scene  #Deleted Scenes  #The Making of The Hulk (16:17)  #The Unique Style of Editing the Hulk    Format: HD DVD  VC-1 HD-30  Running time: 2:18:03  Movie size: 24,27 GB  Disc size: 29,72 GB  Average video bit rate: 19.53 Mbps  DDPlus 5.1 1536Kbps
B000JLTRJ0|3.0|It has been 7 years since that tragic day. I was in sixth grade when it happened. None of our teachers told us anything, so my dad told me about it, and I didn't know what to think!<br /><br />Nicolas Cage stars as Port Authority police officer John McLoughlin, and his friend, Will Jimeno who become trapped in the rubble of the World Trade Center. They struggle to survive and wait to be rescued. If you are a patriot, hate terrorists, and want to take a huge dump in Osama Bin Laden's mouth, you'll like WORLD TRADE CENTER!!!
B000U7169W|2.0|Version: U.S.A / Region Free  Aspect ratio: 2.40:1  VC-1 BD-25  Running time: 1:39:23  Movie size: 15,33 GB  Disc size: 17,42 GB  Average video bit rate: 14.31 Mbps  Dolby TrueHD 5.1 1623Kbps (48kHz/16-bit) English  DD AC3 5.1 640Kbps     Dolby TrueHD Audio              English         1623 kbps       5.1 / 48kHz / 16-bit / 1623kbps (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio             English         640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             French          640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             Spanish         640 kbps        5.1 / 48kHz / 640kbps    Subtitles: English SDH / French / Spanish / Portugese / Chinese / Korean    #Science of the 10 Plagues\\" (15 minutes)  #\\"The Characters\\" (7 minutes)  #\\"A Place Called Heaven\\" (6 minutes)  #\\"The Seventh Plague\\" (2 minutes)
B000J10ER4|4.0|After 20 years, The Man Of Steel is back...with a new face. From the director & writer of \\"The Usual Suspects\\" (an engrossing suspense thriller with a wicked twist of an ending) comes the \\"Sequel\\" to<br />\\"Superman II.\\" Disregarding the abysmal \\"Superman III\\" & \\"Superman IV\\" (despite a terrific performance from Christopher Reeve; stupid script & horrible direction), this film is a sequel & homage to the films made in 1978 & 1980. Brandon Routh makes an interesting Clark Kent/Superman, but he fell flat when he said the lines spoken by Christopher Reeve in the original. I enjoyed the subplot with Lois Lane and her son. Really good. I'm looking forward to the sequel. Rated PG for action violence.
B0006SSOHC|1.0|\\"Saw\\" is a badly acted movie with spotty writing and odd direction. The characters aren't believable and the twist at the end is even more unbelievable. Nothing rings true, unless you like gore for gore's sake.    This is not a horror movie in my opinion. It's simply a horror.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|A full dose of all that Metallica were and are.  Riffs, solos, grooves - the works.
B0019MU6HU|5.0|When I picked up this book, it was mostly out of curiosity.  I'd never heard of a book with a sountrack, and I loved the single \\"Life is Beautiful.\\"  Once I opened it, however, I just had to keep going, if only to find out how Nikki Sixx could possibly have made it out without kicking the bucket for good.  Both the diary entries and the commentary from Sixx's friends and associates are very powerful.  I have never read anything like it.      Alongside entries that focus on his addiction, the information the book contains about the Crue, the industry, the craziness comes through in a new way.  Admittedly, other than the form of presentation, the whole \\"behind-the-scenes' look a the rock star lifestyle has been done.  This aspect of the book is nothing particularly special, but I consider it a decent exaple of the genre.      Personally, I REALLY liked this book, and consider it worth buying.
B000002LRX|4.0|I'm not one to frequent strip clubs; but when an old friend summoned me to his bachelor party - and I already had to turn him down for the actual wedding date - I was more than happy to take a break from working 24/7, and enjoy some... well you know...    What you don't know is that this very straight male walked into this high-class gentlemen's joint full of beautiful nudity all around, and was never more EXCITED(!!!) the entire evening than when that unmistakable percussive trance of \\"Midlife Crisis\\" came out of nowhere and distracted my attention from the women for its full 4:23 duration. When the song concluded the lovely ladies' set, I was foaming at the mouth from how short it was, my urges demanding more... FAITH NO MORE!!!!    If that's not a testament to the captivating power of this band, that song, this album - then I cannot help you. I completely forgot - and lost interest - in my surroundings, I just wanted \\"Midlife Crisis\\" to run on a perpetual loop so I could forever stay on this inexplicable trip of AUDITORY stimulation that seemed to trump all other elements of said evening's stimulation!!! And that's just the tip of the iceberg...    \\"Land of Sunshine\\" and \\"Be Aggressive\\" make you snap and clap along in magically warped and dimented insanity, in a way that Nirvana's Cheerleaders would NEVER get me to respond. FNM take you on such an amazing journey - as good music should, it lets you zone out and go to a place far away from here...    Also as good music should, this album is plenty diverse! It has that essential magnetism of making you feel like you need to listen to it over and over and over...and that quality is something that no one can truly analyze. But if all the songs sounded the same, it would not have worked. I am so grateful for the song \\"RV.\\" It's what really extends  the album to a deeper place, interestingly enough, and facilitates heightened enjoyment of all the other songs!    Then there's \\"A Small Victory.\\" That deserves a review ofits own. It may be obvious to point at one of the main featured hits as one of the best highlights, but here it needs to be called as it's seen. This song is a tour de force! Jim Martin's Guitar Harmonies copulate with Patton's triumphant melodic ascensions so effortlessly, you may forget to really look into how intricate the complexities of the song really are. You've got 5 very conflicting personalities all fighting for voice on the tape - you can practically hear one trying to push the other off the edge of the sound spectrum, each band member vying for attention. It ultimately blew up the band, but thank God that the explosiveness was caught in a bottle and trapped on tape forever for us to enjoy.    Like many, I purchased this album when it came out. Unlike many, I was 12 at the time. I didn't know it at the time, but my leanings and my destiny would develop into what the pigeonholers refer to as \\"prog.\\" A word I still struggle with, but in the general sense it describes music that goes outside of the box - colors outside of the lines - while ideally retaining an intellectual \\"method\\" to the crazy madness. I enjoyed the Real Thing album immensely. Those songs kickstarted my musical journey early!...and, just as much as Faith No More befuddles the critics and those who misunderstand them, you may be equally befuddled to know that I majored in piano out of all that. In Retrospect, FNM and this album somehow helped influence that path... if somewhat subconsciously....    If THAT does not explain to you the magic of this album, I cannot help you.    But most importantly, this album is timeless. And not many albums are. Something that gives you something new with each listen, and makes you want to go back for another round - that is POWER. And we're talking 16 years ago and counting. In fact, over the past 2 months I have been more into this album than EVER before - compelling me to FINALLY give this thing the review it needs! Maybe for some, this album slams itself in your face upon first listen. For me, it took a lot of growing. But in retrospect, it makes perfect sense why that is (don't make me pull out the fine wine metaphors...)    Coming right out of the 1-2 punch of Falling to Pieces and Epic, where do you go? what do you do? You make kickass music, that's what you do! But from a \\"commercial\\" (there's that word AGAIN...) standpoint, a follow-up to \\"Epic\\" is going to be low-percentage chance on receiving a comparable level of attention, respect, acclaim, etc. Only Queen could follow up Bohemian Rhapsody and turn heads every time nomatter what...    But in the end, ALL timeless music has its day! And I'm glad that I'm only writing this review now. It only manifests all the more the truly not-going-away impact that Angel Dust will have on us till the end of time!    Walking the fine line of crazy vs. genius is a good thing! Get in or get out of the game! Don't clog valuable music industry real estate if you are not unique, talented, smart, emotional, and just a little bit screwed up! Faith No More had all the bases covered. Timeless or not, it's still a shame their actual working period was so brief.  Alas, that's how it goes, every time....
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'm still trying to pick my jaw up, I'm blown away here I've been waiting on the album for almost 20 years I'd pretty much given up. I won't rag on the black album cause I discoverd the band through it at 13, but immediatly was sucked in by their earlier work. Rob is f!cking awsome!!<br />Cliff's style lives on through him, good going, my faith in this band has been restored!And to everyone sayin \\"this is not the best metal album out\\" I think I speak for many when I say I'm not after the metal album of the year I just wanted a good Metallica album and we got it. And as far as the sound complaints, yes , I agree it does sound muddy and distorted in places, but hell who cares they are a live band anyway and this stuff will sound great in person loud as f#ck at a show.
B00005JPMZ|2.0|Let's get something clear: I love the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, no matter what form they take, from TV shows to comics, but the movies have thus far always been my favorite medium. It takes some serious goofing up on a director's part to make me cast anything less than a fawning eye on my reptilian heroes...but in this case, first-time director Kevin Munroe has made me leave the theatre feeling disappointed, even though I had just been blasted by 87 minutes of my favorite sewer-dwelling ninjas. My god, what went wrong? - the animation was top-notch, the cast featured big names like Sarah Michelle Gellar (\\"Buffy the Vampire Slayer\\") and Mako Iwamatsu (\\"Seven Years in Tibet\\"), and the film had a budget that topped that of all three previous movies. What could have possibly sullied the greatest chance to re-introduce the Turtles to a new generation?<br /><br />In \\"TMNT\\", the Turtles are a divided clan: with Leonardo (James Taylor, \\"Star Wars: Clone Wars\\") off honing his skills in Central America, Donatello (Mitchell Whitfield, \\"W.I.T.C.H.\\") and Michelangelo (Mikey Kelley) have pursued dead-end jobs in the civillian sector while Raphael (Nolan North) has turned to fighting crime on his own. Yet, when an ancient and dangerous power summoned by a powerful businessman (Patrick Stewart, \\"X-Men\\") threatens to be turned upon the city, the Turtles must come together in an effort to save the world....but with personal tensions running high between Leo and Raph, will they be able to remain a team?<br /><br />My first grief is with the story itself: while it'll easily appeal to younger kids and fans of the current TV series, don't the Turtles have enough time in their once-a-week primetime slot to relieve the need for magic and other supernatural elements as plot points? I mean, I know that arguing realism where the Turtles are concerned is a bit of a paradox, but I like to think that the previous three movies held a semi-realism and sophistication that served as a pleasant departure from the buffoonery of the TV shows; I like giant monsters, ancient prophecies, and stone statues coming to life as much as the next guy, but could writer/director Munroe really not come up with anything better than recycled serial fodder for his first feature-length movie?<br /><br />Also, I jumped for joy when I realized that most of the story's arc revolved around Raph and Leo...but my face fell when I realized that it came at the expense of Donny and Mike. While I was pleased by how the movie built on their rivalry (the showdown in the rain is the absolute best confrontation between the two, ever), I saw so little of their other two brothers that I occassionally forgot they existed; other than seeing both at the beginning of the movie and seeing Mike take a tumble on his skateboard, their input to the movie is extremely limited. This carries over into the fight scenes, where we see a few seconds' worth of Don wielding his bo staff and virtually nothing of Mikey swinging his nunchukas while Raph and Leo lead the charge. Shoot, even April (Gellar) gets better fight scenes!<br /><br />Smaller, less signifigant nitpicks include the film's choice of villain (who has no previous connection to the franchise) and the character design, which - apart from the Turtles and other non-human characters - looks like it was taken from \\"The Incredibles\\", with Max Winters hardly looking threatening as a human charicature and Casey Jones (Chris Evans, \\"Fantastic 4\\") sporting a chin from hell.<br />On the good side, the movie really is a good example of fantastic CG animation, the voice-casting is fine, the action scenes are exciting (the brawl in the skyscraper takes the cake), and a decent amount of humor reminds me why I liked these guys in the first place. The Leo/Raph wound is re-opened and examined to its most personal level. Small scenes like Mikey sewer-skating and Raph's encounter with the pint-sized (albeit insanely destructive) monster build both character and charm, and make a point that the filmmakers are not entirely without an eye for detail.<br /><br />Alas, there's nothing good enough here to keep my attention beyond a second viewing that merely confirmed my belief in the film's inadequacy as an addition to the pre-existing trilogy. While any TMNT is better than no TMNT, I can honestly say that this latest incarnation has topped TMNT3 for disappointment...but even that one had a little bit for everybody, while the current offering panders to kids and strict CGI-lovers but delivers nothing to the more mature fans of the Turtles.<br />Maybe next time, Warner Bros. will think twice before letting a first-time director at the helm of one of the century's biggest franchises...but until then, we're stuck with this.akers are not entirely without an eye for detail.    Alas, there's nothing good enough here to keep my attention beyond a second viewing that merely confirmed my belief in the film's inadequacy as an addition to the pre-existing trilogy. While any TMNT is better than no TMNT, I can honestly say that this latest incarnation has topped TMNT3 for disappointment...but even that one had a little bit for everybody, while the current offering panders to kids and strict CGI-lovers but delivers nothing to the more mature fans of the Turtles.  Maybe next time, Warner Bros. will think twice before letting a first-time director at the helm of one of the century's biggest franchises...but until then, we're stuck with this.
B00192KCQ0|3.0|While Metallica have returned to form with the totally-metal tracks on \\"Death Magnetic,\\" someone clearly dropped the ball somewhere in the mixing/mastering process.  If your ears can get past the brick-walled, demo-esque sound therein, you will surely rock out with this one.
B0015I2P0Y|3.0|So Elbow have won the Mercury Music Prize and people all over the country are scrambling to find out what they've missed. From where I'm standing it's a bit of a mystery. There are several places on the album where my attention is wandering and there's nothing innovative here and nothing that really gets the hairs standing on end.    Its all very safe. Very well put together, and has at least three excellent tracks. But ultimately the best you can say is that they do a lot better job at what they do than Coldplay or Snow Patrol. But that's damning with faint praise.    It's a decent album but no more than that. Given that, why did it win the Mercury? I can only guess that it was a compromise. But sadly the Mercury Prize should showcase the best of British. Let's hope that some British band hears the new TV on The Radio album \\"Dear Science\\" and is inspired to make next years contest a bit more interesting.
B000001EEN|5.0|I picked this disc up on a whim, with a preconceived mind set that it would be a nostalgic, one time listen. Wrong. Very wrong.<br />I don't know how this one slipped through the cracks, and was impressed enough to write my first review.<br />The original release had only six tracks (vinyl limitations ?), and included all three Winwood led tunes. At the time, this only served to lead listeners to believe that Clapton was not up to form at the time (physical and emotional addictions), and that the concert was only a mercy deal on Townshend's part.<br />The entire set, released 22 years later, reveals that this could indeed be Clapton's strongest live release. One only has to listen to the range and accuracy of his vocals on the first two tracks, Layla and Badge, as compared to countless later releases, to realize that he was more than capable of showing a confidence in his lead voice that he always denied having, and sadly to say, affirm that he has been on cruise control ever since. His currently predictable guitar lines and hook riffs are absent, and although most of these tunes were only several years old at the time, he switches them up a notch (Blues Power, Let it Rain and even Bell Bottom Blues)and seems to be taking chances that only someone genuinely into their playing and developement would have. Nothing feels scripted. He had something to prove, maybe to us, maybe to other players, but most likely to himself. It is hard to believe that this set was followed up with \\"greatest hits\\" such as \\"I Shot the Sheriff\\", \\"Lay Down Sally\\", etc., and countless other covers and \\"re-interpretaions\\" of the blues masters. Don't even get me started on the unplugged deal. Meanwhile, back to the disc at hand:<br />Most \\"star\\" line ups of this caliber don't live up to expectations, but this one does for all involved (OK, maybe not ReBop). The late Grech's bass lines and tone are more varied than on any other recordings, Winwood's keys and vocal support are subtle but essential, and it also pains me to say that Wood's slide work is also more out front and impressive than anything he has done in the Stones. Both drummers can be heard locking down a unit that probably wasn't rehearsed too much on changes, making everything flow. I'm not 100% sure, but I think that it's even Townshend himself taking a rock a billy lead on Bottle of Red Wine ! It doesn't have a feel like either of the other guitarists, and I think even die hard Who freaks would be hard pressed to find him doing a comparable break anywhere else to compare it to. Let me know if I'm wrong.<br /><br />In all, maybe it's time for Clapton to take another break from recording and performing, although this time for healthier reasons, and regroup. Let him rediscover HIS passion, hang up the Armanis, stop the endless \\"I've got to pay to tribute and remind you of my blues influences\\" (we know...we know), make a new generation of believers, and remember why we started to pay attention to him in the first place...maybe...just maybe.ains me to say that Wood's slide work is also more out front and impressive than anything he has done in the Stones. Both drummers can be heard locking down a unit that probably wasn't rehearsed too much on changes, making everything flow. I'm not 100% sure, but I think that it's even Townshend himself taking a rock a billy lead on Bottle of Red Wine ! It doesn't have a feel like either of the other guitarists, and I think even die hard Who freaks would be hard pressed to find him doing a comparable break anywhere else to compare it to. Let me know if I'm wrong.        In all, maybe it's time for Clapton to take another break from recording and performing, although this time for healthier reasons, and regroup. Let him rediscover HIS passion, hang up the Armanis, stop the endless \\"I've got to pay to tribute and remind you of my blues influences\\" (we know...we know), make a new generation of believers, and remember why we started to pay attention to him in the first place...maybe...just maybe.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Joss Whedon has done it again!  This is definitely a \\"space western\\" and is entertaining for all!  The quirky antics of the Firefly crew are funny, endearing, and a good story.  This is a refreshing new take on the \\"adventures of a ship in outer space\\" sci-fi series we've seen a lot of before.  It's truly a shame the series got canceled, as I would have loved a second season.  As it is, this DVD collection is the best way to view the series, with all the episodes in the order they were meant to be shown in.
B001FEA9QU|4.0|I was hesitant to buy this after their last few releases, but I had to hear if it was good. It was! The older sounding riffs are great and hard hitting. If only the vocals could be more like the old, it would be perfect.
0439023483|4.0|The Hunger Games is set in a post-apocalyptic United States where the country is divided into 12 districts and children are chosen by lot to fight to the death in a controlled environment by the ruling class.  Katniss is a sixteen year old girl whose father has been killed in a coal mining accident and her mother is a useless slug, so she hunts game to trade with others in her district for food and other amenities.  Katniss has a young beloved sister who is chosen to participate in the games, so Katniss takes her place.  This is the story of Katniss and her journey to the games; using the skills she learned hunting to try to survive the contest.  Along the way she subtly defies the rulers and puts her wits and courage to good use.  The novel is very character driven, and it's mostly Katniss driving the plot.  It is a very enjoyable and interesting novel and Katniss is a great character.    One of the drawbacks to this book, however, is the setting.  It would be good to know a little bit more about what happened to the United States and why we are seeing such a bizarre governmental set up.  Further, how many novels are based on throwing people into a kill or be killed arena for the pleasure of the ruling class?  It seems like a rather trite plotline, but the author at least puts it to good use.    Overall, this was an enjoyable and interesting novel, even though the setting was not that believable, even for a science fiction novel, at least not with more explanation. Even so, I will read the squeal to this novel, as the end clearly portends one.
B0017APPT8|5.0|Tommy Lee Jones and Will Smith star in this highly entertaining sci-fi comedy. Agent K (Tommy Lee Jones) is a secret agent working for the Men in Black. After his partner has retired, he sets out for a new partner and finds NYPD cop James Edwards (Smith), who had and encounter with an alien who had valuable information. As he becomes a new member for the MIB and is now known as J, an alien terrorist enters the earth with a mission on finding the galaxy that might cause an intergalactic war. K and J are now on a mission to destroy the bug before the earth is destroyed. An entertaining and funny film that won't disappoint you.
B000002HGD|5.0|For everyone who was too young at the time for listening him.  For everyone who got to know him only by that time when his creations started to belong to up-to-date and soooo cool outfits.  For everyone who is wondering what's this special music that's coming out of the speakers in Target.    For everyone who wants to know how his whole masterwork started.  But most importantly: for everyone who is able to recognize that he is a real genius -and it is really rare today...
B00005JOFQ|4.0|I think I've reviewed this elsewhere, but I have to address the countless idiotic comments that Ledger couldn't be understood.  His character was a man who has realized he is the embodiment of what his father taught him was the worst thing in life.  In his innermost self, he knows awful truth.  With it goes the thought that he doesn't deserve to live.  With that goes the thought that nothing he could say could be worth hearing, therefore Ennis' speech is sotto voce, halting and painful.  If you can't get this, turn the damn film off your machine and watch Song of the South (if you can find it).
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I can honestly say as a long time Met-Fan that this album delivers in-your-face music that doesn't shy away from the \\"old Metallica\\" feel. They embrace the changing culture of music around them and add in enough of the unique Metallica sound to really keep them up to date while sounding like the rock Gods that they are. Now, a review of each of the band members as I see it and their integral part in making this album:    Lars - His drumming is very machine gun-like and very pronounced in this album. It is almost overwhelming hearing it compared to other rock albums in this genre, but listening to old metallica albums like Justice makes his drum playing seem very on par. He tries a few new rolls here and there but more often than not he is the same highly skilled drummer that we are used to. Of special note, I have to say that he performs especially well in Unforgiven III by really lending himself to the mood of the song.    James: His voice sounds very refined, although I wish he was still able to hit those grungy low tones like he used to. His voice has mellowed out and it still sounds great and fits with the overall feel of the album. His live voice has also improved greatly and this album shows it. There are few, if any, voice enhancements in the songs which gives his voice a nice, raw feel.    Kirk: Although a tad bit sloppy, Kirk really nails his solos when they count. His constant changing of riffs and solo styles gives the old school feel of Kill-em-All and Justice. I almost wish he had turned down the distortion/wah a little to give some cleaner solos.    The New Guy - He rocks, but I'm glad they kept his bass mostly in the background as a solid rumble which adds to the headbanging spirit while you listen to the album.     Final Point: Another great album by Metallica. Headbangers Unite
B0000C7PSW|5.0|The official review states that Want One has made an even bigger grab for \\"mainstream acceptance\\" than its predecessor (Poses). How is that even a rational thought from anyone who knows music? I mean, seriously, Poses is EASILY Rufus' most \\"accessible to the masses\\" album, one made under the most pressure to shine, made to live up to the praise heaped on his debut, made to continue the growth of popularity, made while Rufus was at his most insecure and drugged-out, etc.     As a Rufus fanatic, I don't think even all those things can make the man too radio friendly or thoughtless, as Poses is still fantastic... but that said, WANT ONE is my favorite Wainwright album. It is utter brilliance.    No way is Want One a more calculated grab at the Radio than Poses. Not in a million years. In fact, the Want duo is by far Rufus' most ambitious (and in many ways, least accessible) work to date, featuring the broadest sonic palette and the most daring instrumentation. The arrangement and production of Want One is not the kind one aiming for radio or popularity would utilize, it is the kind that someone allowing themselves to fully express themselves would utilize.      Want One is Rufus clean and sober, doing what he loves best with no pretense or preconception. Having already missed out on the huge mainstream, he returns to make music for himself, from a confident and assured place. For those of us who track with his tastes and flavors, this is an awesome thing.     Want One is the purest, most unfiltered Rufus.     And, as with many other great artists, it's that crucial middle album (think: Revolver, OK Computer, Absolution, Pet Sounds, etc) which stands perfectly in the balance between the primal simplicity of early work and the highly-developed but somewhat less impacting latter work.    Not to be missed.
B0018CNNTY|5.0|colours you can't imagine engulf this movie and if you have ever seen a video from the rock band TOOL there are some equally surreal and stop-motion type of moments abound in this fantastic tale of a young man planning his escape (so to speak) from the hospital. A young girl stumbles upon him and her imagination runs wild w/ vivid color as he tells her a story. This movie made me cry and has dark moments yet was incredibly uplifting to me at the same time. Give this movie a try. I wish it played in more theaters while it was out.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Great Music!  The best metal band of all time brings a new feel to their old style.  This album is a fun ride from beginning to end can be enjoyed by new and old fans.  The instrumental work is awesome, and the vocals are very catchy.  This is definitely one of the most \\"in your face\\" CD's I've heard in a long time. I highly recommend it-  5 stars.
6305428425|4.0|Lisa Kudrow and Mira Sorvino are a comedic dream team in `Romy and Michele's High School Reunion', a film that pits the two unlikely heroes against a slew of bullies from their past.<br /><br />Romy White and Michele Weinberger are content with their lives.  They think of themselves as two cool chicks, but when they are faced with the prospect of seeing all their High School friends (and enemies) they realize that their lives are not that impressive after all.  In a rash attempt to make themselves appear better than they really are they concoct a plan to deceive their entire graduating class, telling them that they invented post-its.  Of course, as is to be expected, their façade will not last, but in the end they triumph as their inner person is found to be more desirable than that of their former acquaintances.<br /><br />The films likeability hinges drastically on the comedic timing of the two leads, both of whom sell their characters brilliantly.  Kudrow is arguably the most effective of the two, her `Phoebe' brand of humor in full force here and proves that if any of the `Friends' cast mates should have received a `spin-off' it should have been Kudrow.  Sorvino, complete with that gruff manly voice, is also a comedic force, playing to Kudrow's strengths brilliantly.  This is not a smart comedy by any means, but the acting of these two is very smart for they help make these simple clich&eacute;d characters feel fresh and new to us.  Janeane Garofalo is also hysterical here, delivering a brilliantly satirical supporting performance.<br /><br />The film is a constant barrage of jokes that land for the most part (and the script is littered with quotable lines) and this helps take the simple plot to another level.  One may worry that the films running time would be too much for the flimsy plot to handle, but in the end one almost wishes that the running time were a tad longer since Sorvino and Kudrow are so funny.  That and the killer soundtrack make this one of those experiences you don't want to see end.<br /><br />`Romy and Michele's High School Reunion' is predictable, but it's a fun type of predictable (much like the recent `Baby Mama').  It is truly a moment when predictability is very welcome.<br /><br />Besides, who can hate this movie after watching that brilliantly choreographed interpretive dance routine?nt to see end.    `Romy and Michele's High School Reunion' is predictable, but it's a fun type of predictable (much like the recent `Baby Mama').  It is truly a moment when predictability is very welcome.      Besides, who can hate this movie after watching that brilliantly choreographed interpretive dance routine?
B000BP86OG|5.0|These guys don't go by the \\"norm\\". That's what's so great about them. Its such a shame that these guys broke up. Justin Hawkins is in a new band named \\"Hot Leg\\". They're still working on their first album. Anyway, there isn't anything wrong with going in a different direction than the other bands out there. Do we really need another raspy voice singing about how bad his life is? No. We need these guys who sing diffent sounding songs (diffent from other bands as well as diffent from their other tracks) about drugs, relationships, and don't mind a little profanity. Buy this album and their last one. They're awesome
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Overall -  93/100    Metallica is back, no doubt about it! back are the grooves, the punk/thrash, the energy/passion, the progressive nature, epical concepts, and of course the SOLOS!  This album literally is a combo of their old punk/thrash/groove nature with modern rock/southern/groove/post-thrash style mixed in with progression and original solos/hooks/melodies.  The album really is this good!     The Inside:    That Was Just Your Life - Old fashion punk/thrash driven rock, a great song, wish it slightly had a stronger aggressive nature to it.  Title - 92/10  Concept - 93/100  Music - 94/100    The End Of The Line - Groove!  This song makes you want to kick off your shoe's and dance, a strong hook, with multiple progressive melodies make this a strong track.  Title - 67/10  Concept - 98/100  Music - 99/100    Broken, Beat & Scarred - A modern Thrash/Groove Rocker with a great message, unfortunately not the greatest lyrics to back it up, but still a great message and again can not stress on the strong groove/melody that separates Metallica from most.  Title - 88/10  Concept - 93/100  Music - 98/100    The Day That Never Comes - I love the intro, and love the Iron Maiden like Installation at the end (especially cause it breaths a fresh air to the overall disc), however this song lacks cohesiveness, it feels very much like 2 separate songs, plus the lyrics on this song is very weak.  In my opinion this is the weakest song on the disc.  Title - 88/10  Concept - 63/100  Music - 98/100    All Nightmare Long - Musically this is the high point on the disc, musically-wise this is a ridiculously good song, arguably one of the best Metallica songs ever created, the 4:30 - 7 minute mark is simply breathtaking and will be heard a million times through my ears, however concept/lyrics bring this song slightly below there old-classic songs.  Title - 91/10  Concept - 92/100  Music - 100/100    Cyanide - This song breaks up the action with a thick slab of modern-groove metal, with a classic punk driven deliver.  This is a great song, my only criticism is that it has a few too many start -stop movements, which breaks the groove melody.   Title - 100/10  Concept - 99/100  Music - 96/100    The Unforgiven III - My only criticism, why is this the unforgiven III?  This is a very different song (WHICH IS WONDERFUL) but I am not really seeing the connection.  Non the less this is a strong track, shows there flexibility, and breaks up the flow of the album nicely.  Title - 98/10  Concept - 98/100  Music - 99/100    The Judas Kiss - Concept-wise this is the high point on the disc.  Again, very progressive but continues as an overall whole entity very nicely, energetic and passionate, with a great chorus hook!  Title - 100/10  Concept - 99/100  Music - 97/100    Suicide & Redemption - Instrumental classic (not a masterpiece) but still a strong track.  Very similar to live is to die instrumental, with a strong hook riff stamping the glue to hold all the variations and jam-like progression.  Again, what I like is that this breaks up the flow, which is much needed on a long album.  Title - 94/10  Concept - 93/100  Music - 96/100    My Apocalypse -  In my opinion this track takes this album from being good to great, the only thing this album up to this point did not have is that signature aggression needed from Metallica.  If you eliminate the first minute, this track is staggeringly good, up to par with `dyers eve, damage, inc. my personal favorite track from the first minute on till the end which leaves you wanting more!  Title - 98/10  Concept - 96/100  Music - 99/100    The Outside:    Album Packaging - 96/100  The packaging design embodies the sound of the album perfectly, the deep black text over the plain stark white coat intelligently resembles the old fashion 80's style, especially the physical CD screams the 80's, add that with the clever/innovative approach to handling the coffin in the dirt with the booklet to feel modern and you have one sleek design.  The other significant element is that it is unique and creative but done with a simplicity and straight edge approach, for example tool's packaging can be impressive, but can be a little over done and can drop the ball with audience participation like \\"Death Magnetic\\" soars!  Bonus points for chopping off the song lyrics in parts, many will hate this, but I am a fan of this approach, it holds weight with the overall concept/meaning, plus the last shot of the coffin being on a white background to show the light at the end of the tunnel brings a smile on your face.    Title of Album - 86/100  Many have criticized the title, and whereas I do not feel it is a so-called great choice of words to name an album I did have to give it a lot of extra credit for being original!  The fact that this is the only album named \\"Death Magnetic\\" is significant.    Album Concept - 91/100  It is not mind bogglingly fascinating, but still very nifty and well you should find out for yourself what they say is the message, and you will come to appreciate and value this disc even more, and an understanding with the title choice.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|9 year metallica fan here, and I was expecting a lot from these guys. Most people will agree that St. Anger was basically a let-down. I totally understood where the band were coming from, and why it sounded and felt the way it did. It took that album, to make this one. Death Magnetic. And it is incredible!!! Like my title says, it does have elements from every era, and it works. There is fast stuff from the first 2 or 3 albums, heaviness and complexity from Puppets and Justice, some areas do resemble some 90s stuff, but it blends well with the songs. There are some shouts from James or breakdowns that resemble St. Anger, but the production and sound make it so much better.    Lets go over the general points first. Solos, yes, lots of them and Kirk rip it up. Riffs, tons of them and they keep the head banging. Drums, they aren't breakthrough and amazing, but they do what they need to do to keep the song together. There are some decent double bass sections that are suprising. Bass, its there, and its what makes this feel like a MODERN justice that has some low end to it. The big thing that I love about this album is the solos are back, and the awesome guitar harmonies by James and Kirk. Definetly some Thin Lizzy feel to the songs in that department.    Production is obviously a huge step up. Its almost like the horrid production of St. Anger never happened. Actually the whole CD makes me feel like all of St. Anger never happened. I feel like it really does fit between Justice and Black Album. Production seems clean, but not to the point of Black Album, not to mention the blending of the two eras musically, 80s and 90s.    Tons of favorites from the album, and I am sure there are concert staples present already. I could name the songs that really took me on the first listen, but that's majority of the album. I will say I think Judas Kiss is my favorite so far.    There are two songs people seem to be skeptical the most that I have heard, and thats Unforgiven III and the insturmental (Suicide & Redemption). Unforgiven wasn't that bad actually. It does start off with piano, but it builds in a great way to a heavier climax. I think it will also grow with fans. The insturmental was claimed to get boring by some people, but I was jamming the whole time. 10 minutes is a long time to play with no vocals, but they did it and I love the stoner rock vib on the main riff.    All Nightmare Long is intenstly fast with musical parts that resemble Slayer. Has some creepy moments as well to go along with the lyrical theme of Nightmares. I also have to mention the great closing track, My Apocalypse. Definetly ends the album with a right hook. Its fast and crazy in the vein of battery, damage inc. and dyers eve.    In the end, this album is a monster, and it will be fun hearing some of these tunes on tour. In all honesty, I dont feel fans can expect, or should expect anything more from a band like Metallica. These guys are in their 40s, and giving this album a chance with an open mind, It is a great accomplishment by the band.
031606792X|3.0|After reading all 4 books, I really enjoyed the story, start to finish.  Character development was good and I felt like I knew them all, which was a plus.  But the poor writing style actually made it a chore to get through all 4 books.  I found myself skipping paragraphs because they were exactly the same as the paragraph before, just reworded.  The word 'chagrin' should NEVER be used as much as she uses it.  I feel that if a different author had written the story, it would have been much more enjoyable.  Funny enough, I'll be posting this paragraph as a review for all the books in the series...and I won't be rewording it...
B001AJVR5M|4.0|Jonas Brothers are awesome.  We saw them in concert last year when they were touring with Miley Cyrus and that was the first time I'd heard their music.  I've been a fan ever since.  This new CD is flawless.  I play it all the time!
B000001ES4|5.0|Rather than reviewing any single album, I'd rather learn/know which 2 or 3 CD's of a group I should buy, to compile the best possible collection in a playlist or CD. For Secret Garden, the answer is clear: Dawn of a New Century, and White Stones.   From DONC, I included Prayer, Drremcatcher, Moongate, Sona, Evensong (a version I custom-edited, using the Audacity software), In Our Tears, Aquarell, and Aria, in that order. I followed that with, from the WS album, Hymn to Hope, First Day of Spring, Passacaglia, Sanctuary, Home, Illumination, and Celebration.   The combination is one of the finest CD's/playlist I have ever found, heard, or created. It's the perfect romantic gift. My wife and I both love it, and friends we've shared it with also love it. It's absolutely perfect for making dinner together (or with the kids), listening to while working, a hot tub session, and bedtime. I simply can't praise it more highly than that. But you'll need both albums ...
B001DDBCUU|5.0|Three hundred costume changes over two and a half hours. And that was just me figuring out what to wear.    We are celebrating chickdom here, guys. We are coming out of our respective closets, whether they're walk-in, hole-in-the-wall, or fab-fantastical Carrie's, and we are holding the supreme estro-fest. I could not find a single heterosexual guy brave enough to see it with me. It's ok that you don't get it. Go watch Indiana Jones again. In other words..... shoo! Or perhaps, shoe!    That's the nice thing about the Internet, isn't it guys? You wouldn't be caught dead at the movie, but you can peek at this Barbie-pink review and no one will be the wiser. Tsk, tsk. Smooch. Buy it and watch it at home. I promise I won't tell.    This is an event first and a movie second, so my primary concern was, of course, what to wear. The stiletto cam at the premiere screamed designer heels. Sadly, my Manolo Blahniks were in the shop. Someone else's shop. But as a loyal fan, I buffed my spike heels and blinged my body to go sit in a dark theater with my sisters. Did I look great? Yes. Could anyone see me? No. Do I feel the need to explain why I did that? Puh-lease.    As an event, it is all about the fun, the fashion, the fling. That's the level at which I took the movie, and
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I have ALWAYS been an ABBA fan, so when this movie came out, I knew I h to see it!   The movie was a lot of fun  ....   but the music reminded me just how great this group was!!    I have practically \\"worn out\\" the CD from playing it over and over!
B001FEA9QU|5.0|been waiting for a long time , sure its not the  Metallica of sandman but it rocks and is well worth the wait!
B0012Q732O|3.0|10,000 B.C. follows the character of D'Leh (Steven Strait), a member of a mountain-living tribe that makes their living from hunting mastodons.  D'Leh's father was the tribe's chief, but left the tribe and abandoned his family many years ago because of a prophecy.  D'Leh becomes an outcast.  Years later, because of his skills as a hunter and his sacrificial nature, D'Leh becomes a leader in his tribe.  The tribe is attacked by a group of warrior horsemen who take many captives, including the beautiful Evolet (Camilla Belle), D'Leh's fianc&eacute;.  D'Leh sets forth on a dangerous journey south to rescue his tribemates.  His journey takes him from the plains, through the jungle, and across the desert.  He comes face to face with a saber-tooth tiger, is stalked by giant-lizard birds, and is joined by others who have lost friends and family to the invading horsemen.  Their journey culminates at Giza, Egypt.  It is there that D'Leh meets his destiny and fulfills a prophecy given years before.<br /><br />The first thirty-minutes of 10, 000 B.C. moves rather slow.  Many films have a slow beginning because this is when filmmakers usually attempt to give whatever exposition they need for the story to progress.  10, 000 B.C. moves at a much slower rate than usual.  Once the exposition is set, the movie rockets forward.<br /><br />I enjoyed watching 10,000 B.C.  I thought it was good for what it was, a complete mind-candy movie without any moral, message, or teachable moment.  The majority of complaints made about the film is that it is completely historical inaccurate.  I won't argue with anyone about that, but that's kind of the point of the whole movie.  The film was directed by Roland Emmerich, a director who's not known for staying true to historical accuracy or real-life plausibility.  It's just fun to watch people, mastodons, saber-toothed tigers, dinosaurs, and advanced Egyptian (alien?) technology come together in a fun, entertaining, and imaginative way on the screen.  Also, for as much action that happens in the film, one would think that the movie is not kid-friendly.  That is not the case.  10,000 B.C. is filled with action and some minor scenes of violence, but there is no gushing blood, no foul language, and no sex.<br /><br />Recommended for children and their parents and anyone who can suspend their disbelief and wants to watch a fun movie.action that happens in the film, one would think that the movie is not kid-friendly.  That is not the case.  10,000 B.C. is filled with action and some minor scenes of violence, but there is no gushing blood, no foul language, and no sex.    Recommended for children and their parents and anyone who can suspend their disbelief and wants to watch a fun movie.
B00129H7VS|5.0|It's about time they released the BR edition over to the US...for those who've seen it, watching this again in BR will be a blast. For those who've never seen BOB...you are in for one hell of a series that SHOULD NOT BE MISSED BY ANYONE.
B001C08RHA|4.0|Iron Man was a lesser-known hero in the Marvel universe.  He wasn't as well known as Spider-Man, the Hulk, Captain America, or the Fantastic Four.  Therefore, it was a bit surprising that in their freshman film as an independent film company that Marvel would choose Iron Man as the hero that their future would either be built or destroyed upon.  All doubts, however, have been put aside as 2008 has come to be the year that comic book movies became serious works of cinematic art, beginning with the release of IRON MAN.<br /><br />IRON MAN revolves around Tony Stark (Robert Downey Jr.), a billionaire whose fortune was built upon arms manufacturing to defend the free world from totalitarianism, tyranny, and terrorism.  Stark is also a brilliant scientist and engineer who designs many of his own weapons and devices.  While unveiling a new missile to American troops in Afghanistan, Stark is knocked unconscious, receives a heart injury, and is captured by terrorists.  The group calls themselves the Ten Rings.  They want Stark to build them a replica of the missile he just created for the U.S. Army.  Stark gets to work, but instead of building the weapon the terrorists requested, he builds a suit of power armor that he uses to escape from the terrorist camp.  After returning to the United States, Stark decides that his company, Stark Industries, is no longer going to be in the arms manufacturing business.  Seeing what his weapons can do when placed in the wrong hands is too much and he decides that the company will take a new direction.  He's convinced by his partner and good friend Obadiah Stane (Jeff Bridges) to take some time off.  Stark uses that time to prefect the suit he created in the Middle East.  Meanwhile, Stane has plans of his own and the direction Tony wants to take the company in doesn't fit in Obadiah's plans.<br /><br />IRON MAN is an excellent comic book movie.  The acting is solid, the script well-written, and the direction superb.  The movie completely revived the career of Robert Downey, Jr. and turned Jon Favreau from being just a comic and family-film director into being a major directorial player.  Though hinting at a darker future (as well as plot developments for future sequels), the film is full of hope, optimism, and good old American patriotism.  When one thinks about it, IRON MAN is the type of movie that SUPERMAN RETURNS should have been a couple years ago.  I guess iron really is stronger than steel.r of Robert Downey, Jr. and turned Jon Favreau from being just a comic and family-film director into being a major directorial player.  Though hinting at a darker future (as well as plot developments for future sequels), the film is full of hope, optimism, and good old American patriotism.  When one thinks about it, IRON MAN is the type of movie that SUPERMAN RETURNS should have been a couple years ago.  I guess iron really is stronger than steel.
0792160347|4.0|I like American Gigolo.  It's a simple film to watch, and a film that wouldn't be out of place in a made for TV movie line up today (Scandal!  Sex!  Drugs!  Politicians!).  Naturally, the main reason to watch this is Richard Gere who was up and coming ala James Dean, and vital eye candy at the time.  It would take him a few more years to be taken seriously as an actor but there's a wicked pleasure in watching Richard Gere fit this role perfectly.  It feels like he's working the audience, the camera and the characters in his own movie world.  The gigolo role is tailor cut for him, just as the Armani suits are.  I'm a Lauren Hutton fan too but the real reason to watch this noir piece is for Mr Gere.  And Blondie's soundtrack hit of course. Any analysis past this is pointless.  Enjoy the 80s.
0553582445|3.0|I am sorry to say that this book was something of a disappointment to me. I thoroughly enjoyed the Farseer Trilogy, consider the Liveship Traders trilogy to be some of my favorite books ever... and then there is this. Don't get me wrong; it was wonderful to see Fitz and Chade and the rest again, and I realize that this is the first installment of a trilogy, but I guess I expected more of a plot from Ms. Hobb. Once the story got going, it never ammounted to what it suggested. The concepts were promising, but in the end it was little more than a chase scene and some dialogue. Still, Hobb is a gorgeous writer and knows her characters, which is enough for me to keep reading.
0855328355|5.0|This book is very helpful in learning the techniques to silk ribbon embroidery. It has a lot of different flowers to learn not just a few and I like that, it is also easy to understand the directions. All in all I am very pleased with this purchase.
B0000024YL|2.0|If you want the songs you remember, avoid this CD in favor of the \\"Definitive Simon & Garfunkel\\" Sony TVK 24003 available at   http://www.amazon.com/Definitive-Simon-Garfunkel/dp/B0000566K2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&s=music&qid=1221346327&sr=1-1    These Tracks are problematic:  4. 59th Street Bridge Song (Feelin' Groovy) - Live version  8. Homeward Bound - Live version  9. Bridge Over Troubled Water - Original ruined by applause bleed-in from end of previous track!    In addition, this CD is missing these songs that are worthwhile:  Seven O'Clock News/Silent Night  A Hazy Shade Of Winter    There are a couple of other songs on the Definitive that are just okay.  Neither album contains \\"Keeping the Customer Satisfied,\\" one of my personal favorites.    I recommend \\"The Definitive\\" album over this one if you want a complilation on one CD.    AlphaKid42
B000B8L6LI|5.0|I have used this product over the years to sharpen my hunting knives.  I was very imprest with the quality of the product and the ease of use. The instructions are also easy to follow. I purchased another Lansky Sharpening System and gave it to my son as a birthday gift.    Paul Ramirez
B0000AUHQT|4.0|The Great Gatsby starring Robert Redford, Mia Farrow, and Sam Waterston is a pretty interesting adaptation of the F. Scott Fitzgerald classic novel of the same. I like this film, I don't think the movie treads far from the book even though others disagree. The ending is sad and may not satisfy the viewer but hey this is how real life is, no happily ever after. Check this under-rated film out sometime, enjoy!
B000XA5K48|4.0|This is a stylized action-thriller with an improbable plot (much like Crank or The Transporter).  This movie starts out with action and doesn't let up until the end.  If you enjoy the low on plot high on entertainment value film genre then this is for you.  Paul Giamatti is a special treat with great lines throughout the movie and a memorable character.
1595478728|5.0|While Chesterton dedicates this book to his mother, he claims that George Slythe Street is the books inspiration and creator. That is, G.S. Street was one of many critics to present an opinion about Chesterton's Heretics, and happened to have presented the opinion to which Chesterton responded. When on the first page Chesterton states that it was incautious of Street to provoke an individual that is all too ready to write books, and in the final sentence of the first chapter claims that he would write Street another book if he needed clarification with regard to a topic only touched upon by Chesterton, it quickly becomes clear that Orthodoxy is yet another shining example of Chesterton's mirth applied to frequently solemn subject matter. Orthodoxy, as Chesterton appears to agree, is, however, the appropriate conclusion to the work he began with Heretics. If Heretics presented all that is wrong, Orthodoxy can rightly be seen as presenting the standard by which Chesterton deemed such philosophies heretical. To truly appreciate either of the aforementioned titles, both should be read as if they were a singular work.<br /><br />In Orthodoxy, Chesterton does justify his position maintained throughout Heretics in a manner as uniform as he might have been able to conjure. Throughout the work Chesterton utilizes his own experiences and thoughts to illustrate and, perhaps, demonstrate his seemingly inevitable arrive at truth. At times it almost seems as if Chesterton slips into irrelevant stream of thought tangents but never fails to reconcile his intended point, illuminating the necessity of what might have otherwise seemed entirely unnecessary. In fact, Chesterton masterfully builds what he claimed is not a properly thorough defense of Christianity into what might be one of the most poignant apologetic works ever. He does so in a way that makes Orthodoxy read like a suspense novel in that the entire effort bears its timeless fruit in the last few pages, if not in the last sentence, after supplying almost innumerable pieces of information that appeared just unrelated enough to ensure that the final piece would act as a blazing beacon of a keystone. While Chesterton might have failed to present that tangible evidence, that scientific process by which the claims of Christianity can be undoubtedly proved, he clearly and boldly presented that proof which every Christian exists for; the proof that every Christian can verify, albeit not as gracefully. While Chesterton's [[ASIN:1604592478 The Everlasting Man]] might be the work that he is best known for, [[ASIN:1426400888 Heretics]] and, especially, Orthodoxy are magnificent demonstrations of Chesterton's ability to cast light on the eventual obvious reality and significance of everything.e, after supplying almost innumerable pieces of information that appeared just unrelated enough to ensure that the final piece would act as a blazing beacon of a keystone. While Chesterton might have failed to present that tangible evidence, that scientific process by which the claims of Christianity can be undoubtedly proved, he clearly and boldly presented that proof which every Christian exists for; the proof that every Christian can verify, albeit not as gracefully. While Chesterton's [[ASIN:1604592478 The Everlasting Man]] might be the work that he is best known for, [[ASIN:1426400888 Heretics]] and, especially, Orthodoxy are magnificent demonstrations of Chesterton's ability to cast light on the eventual obvious reality and significance of everything.
B000005RU2|5.0|This is arguably the best live album ever made containing the best of Deep Purple in their prime.  It has great track selection and plays like a greatest hits album on steroids.  I remember this was one of the first vinyl albums I purchased as a kid and I practically wore it out.  Now digitally remastered my daughter and I love listening to this one in the car or at home.  Higly recommended as one of the greatest albums of all time.
1409769402|5.0|While Chesterton dedicates this book to his mother, he claims that George Slythe Street is the books inspiration and creator. That is, G.S. Street was one of many critics to present an opinion about Chesterton's Heretics, and happened to have presented the opinion to which Chesterton responded. When on the first page Chesterton states that it was incautious of Street to provoke an individual that is all too ready to write books, and in the final sentence of the first chapter claims that he would write Street another book if he needed clarification with regard to a topic only touched upon by Chesterton, it quickly becomes clear that Orthodoxy is yet another shining example of Chesterton's mirth applied to frequently solemn subject matter. Orthodoxy, as Chesterton appears to agree, is, however, the appropriate conclusion to the work he began with Heretics. If Heretics presented all that is wrong, Orthodoxy can rightly be seen as presenting the standard by which Chesterton deemed such philosophies heretical. To truly appreciate either of the aforementioned titles, both should be read as if they were a singular work.<br /><br />In Orthodoxy, Chesterton does justify his position maintained throughout Heretics in a manner as uniform as he might have been able to conjure. Throughout the work Chesterton utilizes his own experiences and thoughts to illustrate and, perhaps, demonstrate his seemingly inevitable arrive at truth. At times it almost seems as if Chesterton slips into irrelevant stream of thought tangents but never fails to reconcile his intended point, illuminating the necessity of what might have otherwise seemed entirely unnecessary. In fact, Chesterton masterfully builds what he claimed is not a properly thorough defense of Christianity into what might be one of the most poignant apologetic works ever. He does so in a way that makes Orthodoxy read like a suspense novel in that the entire effort bears its timeless fruit in the last few pages, if not in the last sentence, after supplying almost innumerable pieces of information that appeared just unrelated enough to ensure that the final piece would act as a blazing beacon of a keystone. While Chesterton might have failed to present that tangible evidence, that scientific process by which the claims of Christianity can be undoubtedly proved, he clearly and boldly presented that proof which every Christian exists for; the proof that every Christian can verify, albeit not as gracefully. While Chesterton's [[ASIN:1604592478 The Everlasting Man]] might be the work that he is best known for, [[ASIN:1426400888 Heretics]] and, especially, Orthodoxy are magnificent demonstrations of Chesterton's ability to cast light on the eventual obvious reality and significance of everything.e, after supplying almost innumerable pieces of information that appeared just unrelated enough to ensure that the final piece would act as a blazing beacon of a keystone. While Chesterton might have failed to present that tangible evidence, that scientific process by which the claims of Christianity can be undoubtedly proved, he clearly and boldly presented that proof which every Christian exists for; the proof that every Christian can verify, albeit not as gracefully. While Chesterton's [[ASIN:1604592478 The Everlasting Man]] might be the work that he is best known for, [[ASIN:1426400888 Heretics]] and, especially, Orthodoxy are magnificent demonstrations of Chesterton's ability to cast light on the eventual obvious reality and significance of everything.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|this new album from the group formerly known as Metal Gods is as \\"hard\\" as any other Metallica old school albums. They don't mess around. They just rock hard. The decision to bring back guitar solo might have been the best decision they made in this album (not including guitar solo in their album is like asking Beethoven to play his Piano Sonata with MIDI Keyboards). Hammett just brings it. Lars is slamming the drum as hard as he has ever done.    However, this album is not as \\"raw\\" as their earlier albums. It does sound somewhat too clean. If they chose to record this album in a more \\"raw\\" setting it might have sounded even better. (I know it might be difficult to understand what I am saying, but it's difficult to explain what I mean by \\"raw.\\") One thing that made Kill'em All, Ride the Lightening and Puppet 3 best Metal albums of all time also had a lot to do with Hetfield's ruthless vocal too. As he has gotten older that is gone too. His vocal sounds too clean and lacks the energy he exploded upon our ears in his early days. It sounds like he is just trying too hard to make it sound \\"hard.\\" I also didn't like some parts of the songs being too true to beats. I liked their earlier albums because it was just completely unpredictable.     With those said, this still is their best effort since Justice album. It may not sound like Metallica in their early days, but those are all time classics and asking them to dig deep and create all-timer is a bit overreaching at this point of their career. For what it's worth, this is an excellent album.
B000LRY9PY|5.0|This is a great double-disc CD.  I actually prefer the 2nd \\"b-side\\" CD over the one with all the hits on it.  Corinne Bailey Rae is a wonderful pop/jazz/adult contemporary singer.  She makes these songs her own, but there is a nice diversity of material.
B00023B1A8|2.0|Not as good as I hoped.  Their voices are so much better on their albums that it was sort of annoying to listen to. I was hoping for the Crosby, Stills, and Nash version of the Eagles Farewell concert video, which is incredible.  Oh well.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I hate this album, because it's so good that, from now on, it will become even more difficult as it already was - for ambitious metallers - to find some music that really can be listened and enjoyed.    Of course, Cliff is still missed, but the songwriting is substantial nonetheless, there is an incredibal amount of musical ideas and the mix is fatter and clearer than ever.    I love to hate this fantastic piece of trash.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This album is everything St. Anger was not. Everyone that loves old-school Metallica hated that album, and for all the complaining we did about it, it's like the guys took our advice and custom-made a new album with all the elements we were expecting! I was just hoping this album wouldn't disappoint, but I really didn't expect it to be this good.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|One would have never thought that after so many years of trial and error, the one band that people counted out would have returned. After 1988's ...And Justice For All, Metallica swore off writing 7-8 minute songs (which is why they hadn't really played a lot of their older stuff in many years until their recent tour supporting St. Anger). Their extremely successful 1991 Black Album dropped the thrash metal sound that fans loved in favor of an arena rock sound, while Load and Reload went for more of a toned down, bluesier rock approach. If the cries of \\"sell-out\\" weren't bad enough at that point, 2003 saw the release of St. Anger. This album....went platinum and won a grammy. Pretty good, right? When fans read that this was going back to the band's old days, they immediately thought about the first four albums. Nobody thought \\"garage band.\\" Well, that's what we got and then some. Raw production, tin drum sound, detuned guitars, lack of guitar solos....you see where I'm going? While it was a heavy album, it wasn't what fans had been hoping for. 5 years later, we have Death Magnetic, a welcome return to what fans want to hear. Don't believe me? 5 years after St. Anger, album hasn't been out 2 days yet, and it's already on board to go platinum. Death Magnetic is the first to feature bassist Robert Trujillo (Suicidal Tendencies, Ozzy Osbourne) who lends his expertise of groove-based playing which makes him a better fit for this band than previous member Jason Newsted. Die-hards will probably still hold the late Cliff Burton close to their hearts, but they should not count Rob out. Many will have their own thoughts as to what other albums to compare this one to: Master Of Puppets, Kill 'Em All, etc. Sorry, but don't expect another Master of Puppets. I'm constantly reminded of ...And Justice For All and the Black Album with maybe a little Ride The Lightning. That's my assessment.    As was expected, many people already started complaining well before the album's release.This particular complaint: the sound quality. When select songs were available online, there were concerns of muddiness, distortion, and clipping. Since it's release, the complaints have spread like a virus. In fact, I should point out that I read similar complaints when Slipknot's Vol. 3 was released. Let me point out that Rick Rubin (producer), Greg Fidelman (mixing), and Ted Jensen (mastering) all worked on both albums. While you can never really please everybody, I do wish less people were so critical over some imperfections. If it's meant to sound that way, then fine. Anybody that hasn't bought or heard the album shouldn't worry. If you haven't really had the urge to buy a Metallica cd since Justice, then pick this one up.
B0019X3ZZY|5.0|Before I purchased this film I read the reviews because they were quite polarized and getting grossed out or gratuitous violence isn't a pleasure for me.  Since I am sure there are other film lovers similar to myself that may pass on this, I have taken the time to write this and give this film a top rating.<br />Personally, I considered it a work of art, meaning that it reflected and forecasted where society was going (the film was made in 1975) and indeed where we are at today.  What I didn't know until I viewed the supplemental material was that Pasolini was a man of letters and then moved to film.  I also didn't know that this was his last film and he was assassinated because of it.<br />This film could not be made today because we have become politically correct and in the pursuit of the end of offending no one we have used a means of economic and social exiling to silence the voice of the mass media artist.<br />Last comment is that I didn't realize there was a dubbed english soundtract.  Who reads the back of the slipcover?
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Es imposible no estar escéptico acerca de la compra de un nuevo album de Metallica, sobre todo para los \\"Old School\\" desolusionados con los 3 últimos trabajos y que aún tenemos entre nuestros favoritos al Master Of Puppets y al Ride The Lightning. Sin embargo, siento la obligación moral de servir como prescriptor para la compra de este CD y recomendarlo en un 100%. Con esto no quiero decir que sea la mejor producción de la banda, pero está muy cerca de convertirse en la más excelsa en calidad sonora y definitivamente la que contiene las mejores partes de guitarra de todos los albumes. Hammet y Hetfield sencillamente se sobraron!    Por lo tanto, comparto 3 razones por las cuales usted tiene que comprar este disco:    1. Es la mejor producción de metal o hard rock de los últimos años (tristes y áridos para unos géneros abandonados a su propia suerte por parte de las agonizantes disqueras \\"premium\\").    2. Los riffs y solos de guitarra ameritan una jarra de cerveza con una gran cantidad de palomitas de maíz. De lejos, las mejores composiciones para 6 cuerdas en la historia de la banda.    3. Por los viejos tiempos! Al comprar este CD estamos apoyando la continuidad de un cuarteto que para muchos de nosotros ha interpretado la banda sonora de nuestras vidas y es realmente gratificante tenerlos de vuelta, como hijos pródigos, luego de haber probado suerte en las mismísimas fauces del \\"show business\\". Metallica aún tiene muchos kilómetros por delante y prefiero que los recorran a nuestro lado y no sentados en el Porshe de Paris Hilton.
B0013ND30M|4.0|This is another classic fairy tale given the Disney treatment.  The story is rather familiar.  When the Princess Aurora is born, she is presented to her kingdom.  Yet the celebration is short lived when the evil enchantress Maleficent (Eleanor Audley) shows up uninvited.  As retaliation, she curses the baby to prick her finger on a spinning wheel and die by the evening of her sixteenth birthday.<br /><br />Fortunately, the three good fairies, Flora, Fauna, and Merryweather, are there to soften the curse.  Aurora won't die, just fall into an enchanted sleep so only love's first kiss can wake her.  They even plot to hide and raise Aurora as their own to keep the curse from coming true.  Will that plan succeed?  Is there any way to defeat Maleficent?<br /><br />This movie is often praised for it's look, and rightly so.  Based on artwork from the Middle Ages, it provides a stylized look.  The amount of detail in the backgrounds alone is amazing.  The characters fit this stylized world while still looking real.  Additionally, the background music is majestic.  It is adapted from bits and pieces of Tchaikovsky's ballet based on the fairy tale, and it fits the look of the film perfectly.<br /><br />And as much as it looks and sounds great, this isn't my favorite of the Disney princess movies.  There is only one song from the movie that is at all memorable.  \\"Once Upon a Dream\\" is great.  The others are choral pieces that slow things down.  Speaking of slowing things down, the prologue, while needed to set up the story, is very slow.  Once we get to Aurora's sixteenth birthday, things pick up.  But even then, the princess comes across as a boring character.  The thing that saves this film story wise are the fairies.  The three good fairies are wonderfully funny.  And Maleficent is an exciting evil villain.  In fact, she might scare young kids.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, this is a good movie.  But when compared to Disney's other fairy tales, it is a little weak.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|The uproar over the atrocious sound on this CD, that completely destroys the brilliant songs of what should surely be a career high for Metallica, might be what finally causes the hapless music industry to finally realize that the now almost universal adoption of era bleeding, anti-music production values must stop.    Let's face it - the music industry isn't exactly populated with people who either love or even have a clue about music, but maybe this one is the rock-bottom (no pun intended) that causes them to stop.    Too bad on this one. It's a CD that will be more remembered years from now as one of the major offenders during an era when labels actively attempted to alienate customers both on the quality front and on the service front.    Great music that is virtually unlistenable. Pity. Missed opportunity for Metallica to be part of the solution instead of being part of the problem.
B000058TDY|1.0|A parcel of tuneless, dreary songs sinks this mediocre album.  You know that Cat Stevens's muse has flown, when one song on the album is a throwaway instrumental.  The cheesy horn and string arrangements merely serve to emphasize the hollowness of the music.  Not quite muzak, but close.  Head straight for Stevens's earlier, inspired work (\\"Mona Bone Jakon,\\" \\"Tea for Tillerman,\\" and \\"Teaser and the Firecat\\") and give this one a wide berth.
1400082773|2.0|this book is not so good as i expected.  there is no a clear line connecting these chapters, like a pearl lace without the line, stories are scattered here and there.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Since most if not all Metallica fans have been let down year after year for about the last 20 years now, wow has it been 20 years since they last put out a great album? Anyway most if not all Metallica fans figure that Master of Puppets was the bands best release and theirs really no denying it was something special. Everything before it was gold and the one after it, \\"And Justice For All\\" was last true Metallica album in most people minds. The Black Album broke the band world wide and was the beginning of the end, again in most peoples minds. The Load cd's were interesting, but not what the fans wanted. St. Anger while a step in the right direction, was totally destroyed by the crappy production and songs that were about 5 minutes to long with no solos in them?<br /><br />Well I'm here to say that this latest release, has finally given us some hope that the heart still beats in this band. It's the heaviest sounding cd in some 20 years and it's got some old school sounds in it which of course is a bonus. You will also find no crappy production here, although some have complained that it's to compressed and has no dymanics? It sounds pretty good to me overall which again is something we fans wanted. No more of Lar's god awful snare drum sound that made you want to kill yourself after about 5 minutes into the last cd. Yeah they could opened up the sound a bit more i.e. less compression, but it's truly a thousand times better than the last release sounded.<br /><br />They still aren't back to their routes just yet, but in many ways I believe this is as good as it's going to get. I mean we have to face the facts here and admit to ourselves that these guys have matured and simply write differently now. The speed is more controlled and less frequent and the riffs are more melodic. However it still sounds pretty frikin' good in my books.<br /><br />I am very happy with this latest release overall. Is it their best? no, but it's far from their worst and it's definitely a step in the right direction from a band that many had pretty much written off. The boys are back and sounding better than they have in years.<br /><br />Check it out!ion from a band that many had pretty much written off. The boys are back and sounding better than they have in years.    Check it out!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I was very skeptical in purchasing this album.  St Anger was one of the worst albums ever made in my opinion and Load and reload weren't far behind it.  I really didn't think Metallica had it in them any more to make a decent sounding album.      I now stand very corrected.  This album is amazing.  Its not ...and justice for all or Master of Puppets so don't go into it expecting it to be, but don't expect another load either.  This is new and very, very good.  I can't pick a weak spot on the album and really can't pick a favorite song either.  I'm loving it all and I've now listened to it about 10X straight.  Damn have I missed these guys!!  Welcome home Metallica!!!!
B000089RVX|5.0|Im afraid evanescence will never be able to produce such a masterpiece again. This cd is so good! lyrics songs, her voice... wow.<br />i love evanescence and this is definitely their best work of art!
0783225849|5.0|How I envy those who saw \\"Psycho\\" when it was originally released in the theatres in 1960.  How shocking it must have been for them to learn the true identity of the serial killer.  To this day, \\"Psycho\\" continues to frighten even the most jaded of horror fans.  It has influenced directors around the world for decades.  It established the blueprint of what would later be called the \\"slasher flick.\\"  It gave birth to countess imitations throughout the sixties such as \\"Dementia 13\\" and \\"Paranoiac.\\"  Three sequels were made.  Despite it being a low budget production, it earned millions at the box office.  It is no wonder that my favorite web site for historical horror, The Terror Trap, lists \\"Psycho\\" in its top ten horror movies of all time.  It is a masterpiece of gothic horror.<br /><br />  Having the world famous director, Alfred Hitchcock, didn't hurt \\"Psycho.\\"  Theatre patrons saw it for that reason alone.  Let's not forget that it also boasted a beautiful cast that included Janet Leigh, Vera Miles, John Gavin, and Anthony Perkins as Norman Bates.  \\"Psycho\\" \\"Norman Bates,\\" and \\"Bates Motel\\" became household terms.  They became the fodder of innumerable jokes and cartoons throughout the media world.  One of my favorite Far Side cartoons is the one where Norman Bates introduces Elvis to his mother.  The caption reads somewhat:  \\"What really happened to Elvis.\\"  Only in Far Side could two legends be brought together.  In the hit comedy, \\"National Lampoon's Family Vacation,\\" Chevy Chase pretends to stab his wife in the shower in \\"Psycho\\"-style fashion.<br /><br />  It was \\"Psycho\\" that made me fear large, abandoned houses, especially on Halloween night.  At the same time, I was also drawn to them with a perverse, morbid curiosity.  Numerous haunted houses at amusement parks were designed to be replicas of that old, decaying, fog enshrouded house on the hill.<br /><br />  The characters in \\"Psycho\\" feel trapped.  Many of us feel that we are trapped in worlds that are not of our own design.  How many times have you wanted to quit your job, withdraw all your money from the bank, and flee?  Just run and keep on running?  I know I've wanted to escape from the tedium of a nine to five job.  Poor Marion does just that.  She steals $40,000 (a small fortune in 1960) and runs to her lover.  Unfortunately, she never makes it to him because she meets Norman Bates who is also trapped in his own world.  He can not leave his overbearing, dominant mother.  How many of us are trapped in loveless, abusive relationships?<br /><br />  Who can forget the creepy music that accompanied each killing?  And the world famous shower scene that was imitated in countless movies?  Instead of a shower stall, it is an elevator that Brian De Palma uses in his slasher film \\"Dressed To Kill,\\" starring Angie Dickinson and Michael Caine.  Even the Italians imitated the shower scene in their world famous gialli (murder mystery).  A young girl is stabbed to death in the shower in Sergio Martino's \\"The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh.\\"  Also, a girl is stabbed to death in an elevator in \\"The Case of the Bloody Iris.\\"<br /><br />  \\"Psycho\\" is recommended viewing for all horror fans.  It is the granddaddy of slasher fare.  Other groundbreaking horror movies include:  \\"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre,\\" \\"Halloween,\\" \\"Friday 13th,\\" \\"Suspiria,\\" \\"Rosemary's Baby,\\" \\"The Omen,\\" \\"Black Christmas,\\" \\"Carrie,\\" and \\"The Exorcist.\\"  They all belong in the collection of anyone who loves good horror fare.design.  How many times have you wanted to quit your job, withdraw all your money from the bank, and flee?  Just run and keep on running?  I know I've wanted to escape from the tedium of a nine to five job.  Poor Marion does just that.  She steals $40,000 (a small fortune in 1960) and runs to her lover.  Unfortunately, she never makes it to him because she meets Norman Bates who is also trapped in his own world.  He can not leave his overbearing, dominant mother.  How many of us are trapped in loveless, abusive relationships?          Who can forget the creepy music that accompanied each killing?  And the world famous shower scene that was imitated in countless movies?  Instead of a shower stall, it is an elevator that Brian De Palma uses in his slasher film \\"Dressed To Kill,\\" starring Angie Dickinson and Michael Caine.  Even the Italians imitated the shower scene in their world famous gialli (murder mystery).  A young girl is stabbed to death in the shower in Sergio Martino's \\"The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh.\\"  Also, a girl is stabbed to death in an elevator in \\"The Case of the Bloody Iris.\\"        \\"Psycho\\" is recommended viewing for all horror fans.  It is the granddaddy of slasher fare.  Other groundbreaking horror movies include:  \\"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre,\\" \\"Halloween,\\" \\"Friday 13th,\\" \\"Suspiria,\\" \\"Rosemary's Baby,\\" \\"The Omen,\\" \\"Black Christmas,\\" \\"Carrie,\\" and \\"The Exorcist.\\"  They all belong in the collection of anyone who loves good horror fare.
6303481272|2.0|Ninja Scroll  Have you ever seen a car crash on television? Most of the time they look fairly awesome. This anime puts you on the side of the highway watching cars pass with the occasional car crash. The action sequences are brilliantly put together, but everything else is a giant mess. If you are an action junkie, I can suggest this one. If you enjoy a compelling story that is important, keep moving.    Jubei is an independent ninja who will do almost anything for some spare gold. He is an impressive contender for any one who may challenge him. He is forced into a mission Dakuwon, who is a government spy. Dakuwon poisons Jubei and will only give him the antidote if he helps him. Gemma, a thought-dead rival of Jubei, has plans on taking over Japan. He is using the help of the 8 Devils. The 8 Devils are extremely powerful beings that are often very interesting.    Jubei joins up with Kagero later in the film. Kagero is a female ninja with an immunity to poison. However, if she becomes intimate with anyone, she will kill them with her body's excess poison. As you might expect, there is some sexual tension between Kagero and Jubei throughout the film.    We see Jubei, Kagero, and Dakuwon fighting the 8 Devils on their journey to stop Gemma. The fight sequences are some of the best I've ever seen. Animation is good and the detail of gore is breath taking. Blood squirts all over the place when someone is sliced open. Arms and legs are ripped off at times. The movie is sick in a good way.    However, the problem comes in the ridiculous story. The 8 Devils really only serve as kill joy. They really serve no purpose to the story. Gemma has an entire army on his side, he does not even need the Devils. Gemma himself only appears near the end of the movie. The rest of the movie's story is about the relationship between Kagero and Jubei. Kagero feels to need to keep saving Jubei's life...because she loves him. The English voice acting is terrible and can not pull this off well.The entire acting comes off too generic for such a personal storyline.    Not only is the story filled with a bunch of lame rambling until the next action sequence, but it just isn't that interesting of a story to start with. There is tons of nudity and sex in this one to mask this horrible movie. I am not falling for it though. This is pure garbage. Only action junkies and perverts should purchase this one.
B00005JL0I|4.0|I think you had to be a late teenager or early 20's and have gone to drive in movies to appreciate these types of movies.  They were fun.  Not to be academy awards winners.  Just silly fun.  Music is great and worth getting the movie just for the music
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Finally, Metallica returns to their roots. This CD is one of their best releases ever. I was one to be a little disappointed by Load, and Re-Load, and Metallica S&M. This CD is heavy, fast, and you could actually pick the bass out of the mix. Masterpiece!!!
0141439475|4.0|Short Summary: Victor Frankenstein is young, intelligent, and quite full of himself.  He discovers through his studies the methods of creating life, and does so.  The creature he creates is of enormous size and strength and is hideous to behold.  Terrified of what he has made, he flees, leaving the creature to fend for itself.<br /><br />I just finished re-reading this book, it has been over 10 years since I read it the last time.  My memory of the book was a tremendous feeling of sadness and compassion for the creature that Frankenstein created.  In this re-reading I was shocked at the change in my feelings toward the characters.  Though everything seemed the same it evoked an entirely different set of emotions in me.  After doing a bit of poking about the internet I discovered that there are two versions of the story that Shelley wrote, one the first one, which is the one I just read, is much harsher, the creature is much less amiable, and Victor is much less forgivable.  The second version she wrote, which I understand was written about 10-15 years later, evokes more sympathy for Victor and his creation.<br /><br />Both are almost identical, starting with the gentleman on the ship in the Northern Ice who meets Victor.  Victor relates his tale to the young seamen, this tale often becomes a tale within a tale within a tale as we shift points of view, always related to the young sailor through the stories of Victor.  As I read this book I found myself thinking that this may be one of the few books that manages to encompass all 5 versions of Conflict, Man vs Man, Man vs Self, Man vs Nature, and Man vs God.  Shelley's prose can at times be difficult, not to read, but to focus on because of the style and time frame it was written in.  It is very easy to find yourself skimming, which you do not want to do.<br /><br />The story is one of love and loss, creation and our relationship with our creator, the faults of man attempting to become God, and the cruelty that lies with our society to that which we perceive as ugly, frightening or hideous.  When Victory abandons the monster he leaves him to learn of the cruelty of our society and to react to it as inappropriately as he does.  This tale is NOT what you watched on TV, it is not found in the movie you watched.  This is a story that can only be found in this book.<br /><br />Did I love it?  Not really, in the version I just read, Victor is a whiner, who considers himself a genius though he stands aside while his family and friends are killed.  The monster, though more understandable, is also a contemptible character as he murders one after the other with little to no remorse.  Yes it is well written and filled with interesting comparisons, warnings, and meaning... but as for a fun filled entertaining read, the characters were a bit to whiny and non-committal for me to really have anyone to root for.  Still, they were full characters, completely rounded and interesting even though they were pathetic.  The story is so filled with meaning that you could discuss it for days.  And the concept of the feminine in this book is very interesting to read... I recommend this book, but I won't say that it ranks above Dracula in my mind.hich we perceive as ugly, frightening or hideous.  When Victory abandons the monster he leaves him to learn of the cruelty of our society and to react to it as inappropriately as he does.  This tale is NOT what you watched on TV, it is not found in the movie you watched.  This is a story that can only be found in this book.    Did I love it?  Not really, in the version I just read, Victor is a whiner, who considers himself a genius though he stands aside while his family and friends are killed.  The monster, though more understandable, is also a contemptible character as he murders one after the other with little to no remorse.  Yes it is well written and filled with interesting comparisons, warnings, and meaning... but as for a fun filled entertaining read, the characters were a bit to whiny and non-committal for me to really have anyone to root for.  Still, they were full characters, completely rounded and interesting even though they were pathetic.  The story is so filled with meaning that you could discuss it for days.  And the concept of the feminine in this book is very interesting to read... I recommend this book, but I won't say that it ranks above Dracula in my mind.
B0018M6J90|4.0|\\"Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day\\" is a great little movie.  It captures the uncertainty of life brought into focus by an uncertain time--in this case the outbreak of WWII in London.  Amy Adams and Frances McDormand are both fantastic, and you'll find yourself wishing there was just a little bit more of this movie when it reaches its end.<br /><br />Miss Pettigrew is a down on her luck nanny who ends up being the \\"social secretary\\" to Adam's Delysia.  A hilarious and action packed day ensues, in which each woman finds her way out of the fog in her life.<br /><br />An excellent film for anyone who enjoys period pieces or Adams/McDormand's work.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|An absolute disappopintment! Metallica has lost that metal factor that we always like to hear when they first started! The songs are poor rehash of old rock songs,James Hetfield tries so hard to sing that it sounds too fake!  Their glory days are definitely over! Whatever happened to the Hetfield/Ulrich songwriting tandem?.I hope they will skip this cd in their repertoire and just focus on Kill 'em All,Ride The Lightning,Master of Puppets,and And justice for AlL !!      manch19  silver spring,md.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I am not a huge Metallica fan since they were peers of mine in the early days of Hardcore Punk fusion with Metal. Their sound became weaker and weaker. I knew them when Cliff was with them and they were pioneers. Over the years it just got worse and worse and to me, irrelevant. Many of their fans accepted what they got and I guess it made them happy.<br />Now with this new release they are showing balls again and there is no mistaking the Rubin-Slayer sound here folks. Hetfield is delivering vocals ala Araya but who the hell cares? It rocks and makes me want to pull my eyes out and burn a church! Rock City! Get it!
0316166685|5.0|I was interested throughout the whole book. Kept me on my feet. I love how strange and twisted it can be at sometimes ,but I also loved the hidden sincerity hidden beneath its controversial complexity.
1932100660|4.0|I am an Asian-American (Japanese specifically), I was born and raised in Hawaii and moved to the California when I was 27 years old.  I grew up eating meat and enjoyed that until a few months ago.  I have always had high cholesterol (in the 220-240 range) and I thought it was genetic.  I was into the low-carb, high protein diet the last few years, probably because it justified eating a lot of meat, which I loved.  A few months ago I had some blood work done and I had a total cholesterol of 259, even worse my LDL \\"bad\\" cholesterol was 164.  About this time a friend at work recommended this book, I ordered it and read it.  Took everything with a grain of salt but remembered some studies in the 1970s that the author referred to about Japanese Americans in Hawaii and California having typical health issues that their Japanese counterparts did not.  I gave up most of the red meat and dairy in my diet for about three months, ate mostly a vegan diet with some poultry and a little more fish, mostly sushi.  After only three months my recent results were total cholesterol of 190, LDL of 104, my doctor went from very concerned and recommending cholesterol reducing drugs to totally unconcerned since my cholestoral was now \\"normal.\\"  It may not be for everyone but I am convinced that this may have prolonged my life to enjoy with my young children.
0765348276|5.0|I've got to admit, after many years of reading and re-reading the masters...I'm jaded.     After reading John Scalzi's \\"Old Man's War\\" I've grabbed every one of his books in the series.  I don't have to read the reviews, advances or fly-leaf in order to know that I have high quality reading in my hand.  I've ripped through every book and am currently hammering through \\"Zoe's Tale,\\" laughing all the way.     Scalzi writes with a magnificent blend of wit, humor, empathy, sarcasm, touching emotion, humanity, brash and descriptive violence, as well as deep and peaceful reflection.  Like all good books, (and no movies) we get to climb around inside the characters' skulls. Figuring out just WHY they do, what they do.     And despite the currently impossible future setting, the characters, story line, strategic and tactical aspects all hold together.     If it says \\"John Scalzi\\" on the cover. don't bother to read the flyleaf or reviews. You're holding a book from one of the new masters. Feel secure. Take the plunge, and just enjoy a ride that will transport you from HERE to THERE. Right up until you turn the last page...and open the next book...
B000002MJ0|2.0|So I love \\"Loveless\\" and so decided to add some more MBV to my collection.  And seeing that this album got the same ratings as \\"Loveless\\" I went for it - sadly, without listening to the preview clips.  Alas, I found this album to be, frankly, an absolute MESS!  None of the semi-melodious, invitingly-droning, enveloping, soundscapeness that makes me fond of \\"Loveless\\".  Very hard to listen to, not very approachable for an average music appreciator.  My face was kinda scrunched up in confusion as I tried my best to listen to every track but ended up skip forward through them all within a mere 20 minutes and started wondering how much I'm gonna get for it at the used CD store. Yikes.  I ended up getting cold feet on the other 2 MBV cd's I ordered along with it and they currently await the postman to take them back to Amazon unopened for a refund.
B000002H97|5.0|It never ceases to amaze me why the self proclaimed \\"original Metallica fans\\" bash this album.  I can tell I'm an \\"original Metallica fan\\" going back to '84 with \\"Ride The Ligtning\\" and I think this is great.  There's always been a certain group of music \\"fans\\" that will turn on a band and stamp the sellout label on them as soon as they release an album that reaches a new audience.  I fully understand that if the music is subpar.  In my opinion this is exactly the sound Metallica needed at this point in their career.  IMHO \\"...And Justice For ALL\\" was a bit too pretentious and their most overrated album.  I don't mind long songs as Iron Maiden is probably my favorite metal band of all time, but the songs on \\"Jusitce\\" were longer than they needed to be in most cases and became uninteresting after awhile.  It's like they were determined to make the song 9 minutes come hell or high water even if it should have ended at 5 minutes. On top of that the production was awful. They went more of a \\"power metal\\" route on the \\"Black Album\\" and you could actually hear some bass in the mix.  The band sounds fresh and rejuvenated. So this isn't the \\"thrash\\" of the first four albums, the songs are still excellent and heavy.  It's still metal regardless of what alot of reviewers are saying. While I still rate \\"Master\\" and \\"Lightning\\" as their top two, this one is right behind it.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I think I speak for a great number of people when I say \\"welcome home\\" Metallica. Honestly we were worried. Not many bands can go 180, and yet you have done just that. We are very proud to hear the Metallica of the 80s again, except heavier. Well done!
B001AJVR5M|5.0|I bought this for my Grand daugher, she loves it.  I did have a chance to hear the songs.  They do have some good music not just for teens.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|My birthday is a week from today and as a Metallica fan, I could not wait seven more days to get this album.  It has been five years since their last album which while arguably not their best work, they were not at their best as a band.  Therefore, they deserve credit for even getting it released.  As James said in the preview of Death Magnetic with Dave Grohl, \\"This was the easiest album to make because we got together so well.\\" This is great because the album rocks very hard and for that ability to come so easily for them is proof that they are alive and well as a band.  I just hope 2013 isn't the year we'll see their next album! Five years is too much time to wait for these guys to make more music and rock the world!
B000005RDY|5.0|Budgie is a very clever and inspirational band. The first time I heard \\"Breadfan\\", I couldn't stop laughing because the vocals sounded like a parakeet was singing but it's the riffs and guitar chords that pull you in. Kinda gives you an idea where early Priest got some of their influence from. If you're curious about Budgie and just starting out, this is an excellent cd.
B0000VCZK2|4.0|This quadrilogy is still scary in my book even though I have seen it many times ...........it keeps on giving!!! The first two sequels are better from this aspect than the later two. No question that the \\"alien\\" is not only the star but a true killing machine and it is smart along with a beautiful set of teeth.
B000089RV6|5.0|So many bands consider AC/DC music as simple three chord blues but this is just not accurate enough. So many bands try to cover these classic songs but they never get it right or hammer it home. The reason of course is what is called \\"feel\\". The sound of this album is so atmospheric, you could cut it with a knife. You can feel the sadness, the anger and despair of losing Bon. You can feel the sense of urgency to make what had to be the best product of their career and what you get out of listening to this is an education. You learn exactly why AC/DC has outsold The Rolling Stones, Aerosmith, and even the mighty Led Zeppelin because the music is never pretentious. It never tries to be more than just what it is which is good time, hard driving sweat soaked rock and roll and it is sincere.
0800177363|5.0|Based on a true story by the brilliant neurologist and writer, Oliver Sacks, \\"Awakenings\\" portrays lives of people who are rendered inert for decades from an earlier brain inflammation, encephalitis, and of the doctor who wouldn't give up on them.  Dr. Sacks' books are filled with fascinating accounts of people who live with incredible brain aberrations, and \\"Awakenings\\" is no exception.   Our own lives are enriched by this glimpse into the lives of human beings such those in this story/film.  For human they are, despite their being frozen like statues in a wax museum.   Dr. Sayers, played by Robin Williams, works tirelessly (well, actually he works so late that he falls asleep, so I guess he does get tired!) championing  the cause of his patients and their treatment with the drug L-dopa, the new \\"cure\\" which he has discovered.   Leonard, played masterfully by Robert Di Nero, struggles to live a full life again, enabled by the medication.  In the process he not only demonstrates the human courage and drive to be truly alive, but he also teaches Sayers about the effects of the treatment over time.  \\"Learn from me\\", he begs.  The diligent but shy doctor also learns to express his awakening feelings by finally forming a relationship with his devoted nurse, Eleanor, played by Julie (Marge Simpson) Kavener.   Kudos to all, including director, Penny Marshall!    That's all I'm going to say--no \\"spoilers\\"--enjoy the film!    Oh, and watch for Leonard's (De Niro's character) apt reference to the poem, \\"The Panther\\" (Der Panther), written by turn-of-the-century (19th) German poet, Rainer Maria Rilke.   The panther becomes so weary and dulled from the vision of the bars of the cage he is in that he can't \\"think\\" or feel anymore. This insightful poem is a favorite of mine, and I think that it captures quite well the situation of these people, held captive by the \\"bars\\" of their illness.
B0012OVEJO|5.0|I'm glad I bought this. The remaster is killer and well worth the price. A must for serious collectors of metal and fans of prog-metal.
B000TIO4Z0|5.0|In the span of two decades, Maria Callas' studio recordings progressed from scratchy 78s to the highest quality stereo pressings.  Ironically, her voice declined in something like the opposite proportions during those same years.  Today her interpretations of the great soprano roles are considered the finest ever (with rare exceptions) and her stature as an artist has been compared to that of Michelangelo.  [Read more: [...]    Jeffrey Round  [...]
B0002KVUKM|3.0|This not a great movie; it doesn't try to be and doesn't take itself too seriously either. But its basically made well enough to qualify as light comedy/action/horror entertainment. However, there is an intense 5 minute scene that comes close to being great and that I re-watched 5 times because it was a really well done action scene. Its the part early in the movie where Helsing arrives into the village is attacked by 3 vampires flying down at him while he fires back with his machine gun cross bow - Great Fun!!! The girl Vamps were sexy, and the Count delivered a few good lines also. The movie is definitely better than average on every level.
B001AEF6D6|1.0|What are you people who rave about this movie smoking.  It simply stunk, and I wasted a buck to rent it (not to mention an hour before I fell asleep).  My wife now refuses to let me rent anything.  (My last selection was Son of Rambow, so you see why).  What the hell - not funny, no plot, and who wants to watch an ugly guy walk around in boxers and an ugly bathroom.  Whoever gave this more than 1 star (I wish I could have given it 0) is an idiot!  The Coen Brothers have done some good work - Fargo and Old Men, but this one was a dud.
1604591625|5.0|G.K. Chesterton has a down to earth perspective and sense of humor that is uncommon to most Christian writing today.  He is willing to pick on himself, and admits to making arguments with faulty logic at some points, but is still a collosal genious, and is a known early influence of C.S. Lewis.  If you have already read C.S. lewis, you can see some of Chesterton's thoughts comming through in his works, having read this book.    \\"A soldier surrounded by enemies... He must seek his life in a spirit of furious indifference to it; he must desire life like water and yet drink death like wine.\\" - G.K Chesterton from \\"Orthodoxy\\"
B001C08RHA|5.0|IRON MAN went way beyond my expectations. I was blown away. Robert Downey Jr. is incredible. He seems to get better with each film he makes. He makes Iron Man and true to life hero despite the implausibility of it all. He literally gives this character heart (no pun intended). IRON MAN is a thoroughly entertaining film thanks to a great script and Robert Downey Jr.'s performance. I like the way the film makers updated the setting and integrated the origin of Iron Man into the current socio-political situation in the Middle East. I was totally surprised how good this film was. This is one you just have to see. It entertains but works on such an emotional level and  that's what really makes it work.
B000EQ47GS|5.0|This album is by far the best work from this band.  Granted, it is their first album of the five so far.  'Boston' showcases what makes the record companies stand up and say \\"That's what I'm talking about!\\"  An album of this quality has everything it takes to beat any test.  Songs that keep you listening from beginning to end, there's no skippng tracks here.  If you've got an hour to kill, play this, and you won't be disappointed when, in three, you find out you left 'loop' on.  All the rest just look pale in comparison to this master work. [[ASIN:B0000025C0 Don't Look Back]] [[ASIN:B000002O51 Third Stage]] [[ASIN:B000002OR8 Walk On]] [[ASIN:B00006LI3R Corporate America]]
1400031567|4.0|Len, thank you for recommending that people begin with Mankell's first book and proceed from there. Too often, books are read out of order and in most cases, it doesn't work as well. I think, series, especially, should be read in order. Not only do you miss a lot of the characterization, but most writers get better as they go along. This is true here, with Henning Mankell. Also, there seems to be more than one translator, and that can also make a big difference. I'm really enjoying these books and highly recommend them. But I do miss Martin Beck! West New York, NJ 09/13/08
B0018TLRTU|5.0|I own a different copy of Billy Idol's greatest hits--the version that I believe was put out around 1997. However,there are some hits from Devil's Playground and other various songs that is on THIS deluxe edition.<br /><br />Let me just say this for anyone wanting this deluxe edition. I bought this not for the greatest hits on cd--that was a given, but solely for the DVD videos. Every one of the videos are spectacular, colorful--just the way I remembered them! I paid $14.99 at a small record store--the album was shrink wrapped--so it was new.<br /><br />Billy Idol's image and music are larger than life and I highly recommend this to anyone who is just getting in to Idol or for a huge fan !
B0009SS00A|4.0|Just skip over everything that sounds like science or cryptography. That part's kind of a mess. The excitement and tension are great, though.<br /><br />Brown's fascination with hidden cabals of immense power matches the NSA - \\"No Such Agency\\" - directly. Just enough about it is public that it can stir a very modern nervousness, that looking-over-the-shoulder feeling given pit-of-the-stomach reality by the daily news. Still, enough about the NSA remains curtained that Brown can project onto it any image he wants. And as a master craftsman of the written word, he does.<br /><br />The plot was all I hoped for on that lengthy plane ride, the only time I read stuff like this. It features hot babes, brilliant strategists, vicious killers, and an international search for the missing key. Fast cuts between subplots let each progress to a cliffhanger moment, then switch back to the other emerging forces. The countdown at the end has plenty of James Bond drama, as do the sudden reversals of who the good guy seems to be. Then the good guys and bad guys are properly sorted out in the end.<br /><br />-- wiredweird
B001BFWYXY|5.0|I still remember back in High School, when I bought the Fillmore concerts on vinyl.  I listened to them over and over. Now we have another recording of the Allman Brothers from pretty much the same time period.  I like to listen to different recordings of artists, and hear the different guitar solos. Being a guitar player myself I focus in on what the guitarist is doing.  Duane Allman is as good if not better than any blues guitarist who has ever walked on stage.  The beauty of these recordings is that they seem raw in comparison to the Fillmore concerts. In some ways I actually prefer these versions over the Fillmore concerts.  The sound is very good and even crisper. You can hear the guitars and other instruments clearer.  This is a must for any Allman Brothers fan or any fan of Duane Allman, or great guitar music in general. You can't go wrong with the Allman Brothers.  My biggest regret is; What would Duane Allman or Jimi Hendrix be doing if they were alive today. We will never know but at least we have these wonderful concerts to enjoy time and time again.............
B0013USZHG|4.0|Vibrant energy with strikingly mature clarity.  Beautiful latin music that swings moods from mellow to dramatic.  Dudamel knows how to get the best from this youth orchestra (a somewhat misleading characterization for such a professional sound)!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I think many die hard fans of Metallica will quite easily agree that when compared to the Metallica of old, they started to drift into the realm of commercial mediocrity and delivered a shambolic last album in St. Anger. When Death Magnetic was announced for '08 I think many like myself said \\"bah humbug.\\" Well, not in those words but you get the metaphor I'm trying to put across here. Our bah humbuggery was put to rest on September 10th when the album was released, with a finger in one ear and our eyes closed expecting the worst, I could finally rest. Metallica had escaped the clutches of that mediocre commercialism and said \\"hey, we messed up, but we're gonna make it up to you.\\"<br /><br />Hettfield, Ulrich, Hammet & Trujillo I salute you and thank you for keeping me out of hospital this time around. I couldn't bare another trip to repair my eardrums damaged by terrible music. I've just gotten over the Ashley Simpson album. I would usually just go right ahead and give you my top 5 favourites and let that be that, but I can't pick 5, it would make me feel guilty as I want to pick them all but as you can see there are 10 songs and don't fit into my top 5 charting model.<br /><br />This is just a truly awesome album and is reminiscent of the Metallica of old. Forget St. Anger, Loaded and the other one, cast them out of your mind and replace them with the memory of Death Magnetic, the true return of heavy/thrash metal music and the band that made the genre what it is today.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I'm not going to sit here and pretend to be a rock critic. I have been a Metallica fan most of my life. I love all their music with the exception of St. Anger. Which is still cool in it's own right, given what they went through to record it. This one is slammin', and a true return to form. If you've ever been a fan..ya gotta get this one.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is the album that I've been waiting for 17 years to hear.  Metallica has finally created a metal album again and I'm glad to see some really good reviews from people who know more about music than I do.  Sure, it's not Kill Em All (my personal favorite), but this thing rocks.  I think they're really in the lead again, reinterpreting metal once more.  They've learned some good lessons over the last nearly two decades of making not metal.  Now they've brought it back and it sounds great.  I do feel a little bad for all of the people who didn't know Metallica used to be a thrashing metal band.  This album must sound really foreign to them.  All I can say is try turning the volume up and go buy Ride the Lightning to provide some context.
031606792X|1.0|First, I must say that I LOVED the first three books. They created such a beautiful fantasy that I read each of them in a day each. I literally couldn't put them down....then came this book. I was prepared for any sort of sad or happy ending. The possibilities swirled in my head. Unfortunately, I decided to read \\"Breaking Dawn\\". How incredibly stupid. How lame. I won't give away any spoilers but it took a turn (early in the book) that just didn't flow or jive with the other books. Really, I couldn't buy it. While I decided to push through (and I am glad I did - to bring closure) I am very disappointed. I can only hope and pray that the film makers will decide to go in another direction. NOTE FOR PARENTS OF TEENS AND PRETEENS - this book has ALOT of sexual references. Much more so than the other three.
B000OCXMAE|4.0|I fully appreciate all the songs, not just the ones they played on the radio.
B00005JPCF|5.0|Just a short review this time.  Animation, sound, music & story just all come together.  Had to watch it a second time within a few hours of the first viewing to really make sure it was as good as I thought it was the first time.  This a.m. the smallest members of the family were over and gave it to them, so am now ordering my second copy for myself which I will hide away for just Dan & me to enjoy.  The kids were going right home to watch it, so can't wait to hear what they think of it.    Mark Zimmerman - the Bipolar Bear!
032147404X|5.0|I have read this book from cover to cover. It is full of very good advice about tricks to improve your pictures. It is not a photoshop book (Thanks GOD!!)it is a book to help you to get better as a photographer.
B0001L3LUE|5.0|The brilliance of this documentary is Morris's decision to just let McNamara talk, with minimal prompting.  He talks about the Vietnam War, the killing of innocent civilians and the death and maiming of our American soldiers as though he were a mathematician or an accountant attempting to solve a complex algebraic formula.  He exhibits a chilling detachment of decision from consequence.    The only time he weeps is when he recalls JFK's assassination.  He never seems to see a connection between that tragic loss of life and all of the lives he destroyed as Secretary of Defense.  No tears for the Vietnamese dead, nor even for US dead and wounded soldiers; no emotion at all.  The Vietnamese dead, civilian and military, are merely widgets that have to be destroyed as efficiently as possible.  To McNamara, US dead and wounded are merely casualties of war, and would surely be minimized by his cocksure solutions to his algebraic calculations.     It is chilling to watch him reminisce.  His resignation from the Johnson administration was not due to feelings of guilt, of which he seems quite incapable, but because his calculations were incorrect. His rationalizations are many and self-serving, but it all still comes down to the math for him.      The only reason he has never been tried as a war criminal is because the US did not have to surrender.  Brought before a Nuremberg-style tribunal, one gets the feeling that he would be baffled at even being charged with war crimes.  One can envision his incapability of understanding the criminal immorality of his decisions.  How can the amoral understand the immoral?    So if he did not end up before a war crimes tribunal, what happened to him?  LBJ appointed him to the presidency of the World Bank, to help third world countries like Vietnam try to improve their economies.  What a sad and macabre irony was the luxurious fate of a green visor war criminal juxtaposed against the fate of the massive number of \\"body counts\\" (\\"people\\", in plain English) that he caused.    Of all the Vietnam War policymakers, David Halberstam, author of the \\"Best and the Brightest\\", had a special contempt for McNamara.  I remember seeing Halberstam on a talk show (Dick Cavett's?) years ago.  He proposed the most fitting punishment for McNamara; that he be sentenced to clean the bed pans of wounded Vietnam vets at Walter Reed Hospital for the rest of his life. Many would second a motion to that effect.    Eleven lessons? Not really. The one true lesson of this documentary is to pray that another McNamara, employed by a foreign power at war with the U.S., is not in a position to coldly \\"calculate\\" the mathematical odds of killing you, without reference to his or her own humanity.
B0002Z0EYK|2.0|Wolfgang Peterson's film based on Homer's Iliad is both tremendous and horribly skewed. Everyone knows the story of the Trojan Horse so it does not bear repeating, but I will outline what I think Peterson did right and what was revolting.<br /><br />The screenplay, action, and sets are largely fantastic. Troy is an epic ancient metropolis and looking at it gives the viewer a sense of awe. Watching Achilles attack the Trojan beach is the greatest battle scene in the movie.<br /><br />Likewise the casting and characters are largely wonderful. Whenever I reread the Iliad, Achilles will always be Brad Pitt, the cocky, proud, and deadly American. Eric Bana will always play Hector, Peter O'Toole Priam, and best of all, Sean Bean for Odysseus. These actors did wonderful jobs of portraying these epic characters and it felt like Homer when I saw them onscreen.<br /><br />Peterson does a large bit of rewriting in this film, some of it understandable and some of it foul. I can see eliminating the physical presence of the gods, for any portrayal of Zeus or Athena would seem cliche and trite. But I cannot forgive the recasting of Agamemnon and Menelaus as despicable, megalomaniac brutes. Both these kings were noble and proud, and Peterson spits on both of them.<br /><br />One of the foremost pleasures in reading the Iliad is recognizing that there is no stereotypical villain. Making Troy seem the pinnacle of ancient civilization and the Greeks shabby, grungy and greedy brutes does not fly well with me. Hector was indeed honorable (and I think the only virtuous character in the Iliad), but so were Menelaus and Agamemnon. Making the Greeks the enemy is simplistic and vapid, though perhaps the modern American will enjoy it - rooting for a tragic, virtuous hero (Hector and his city) always feels good, especially when you really hate the enemy (Menalaus and Agamemnon). Homer may have been a Trojan sympathizer (I don't think he was), but he was fair to Troy and to the Achaians. Peterson gets Hector's honor and courage right, and everything about Greek leadership wrong.<br /><br />The largest problem Troy has is trying to retell a 40,000 line poem in two hours. Peterson is forced to cut book after book of Homer in his attempt to adapt it to the screen, but goes awry because of the drastic retelling. Everything seems rushed - ten years of war is condensed to two  weeks of battle. Episodes such as Agamemnon's feud are terribly rushed and sparing Paris will make no one happy.<br /><br />I wish that in Troy we saw less Peterson and more Homer. Let the bard speak for himself, let the real battle of Troy tell itself. What could have been a truly electrifying film because of the tremendous abilities of Bana, Bean, Pitt, and O'Toole is disappointing and unsatisfying. Its only boon is that it may encourage people to read Homer and read the tragedy of Achilles and Hector.ourage right, and everything about Greek leadership wrong.     The largest problem Troy has is trying to retell a 40,000 line poem in two hours. Peterson is forced to cut book after book of Homer in his attempt to adapt it to the screen, but goes awry because of the drastic retelling. Everything seems rushed - ten years of war is condensed to two  weeks of battle. Episodes such as Agamemnon's feud are terribly rushed and sparing Paris will make no one happy.     I wish that in Troy we saw less Peterson and more Homer. Let the bard speak for himself, let the real battle of Troy tell itself. What could have been a truly electrifying film because of the tremendous abilities of Bana, Bean, Pitt, and O'Toole is disappointing and unsatisfying. Its only boon is that it may encourage people to read Homer and read the tragedy of Achilles and Hector.
B0002WZTOI|3.0|Eh, I don't know about the original Top Gun.  I just watched it yesterday for the first time in forever, and I wasn't really happy with it.  The part in the beginning where Tom Cruise tries to hit on what would obviously become his girlfriend a short time later was rather pointless, not to mention uninteresting.      The whole bar scene with Cruise singing to her, trying to win her over... not very good writing.  And the part where he followed her to the ladies room?  Please!    The actual air combat was good though.  The emotions with the guys up in the sky and living dangerously was solid writing because it kept my interest.  But the overlong emotional scenes involving Cruise and his girlfriend weren't necessary.  Should have been more about taking the planes to the sky instead of a predictable romance that we seen coming a mile away.
1401923119|4.0|It has been a very interesting experience to read this book. It is very easy to understand for non-scientific people.    I recomend this book to whoever wants to understand how our thoughts affect our body (cells).
B00005MCX3|5.0|The strange space rock instrumental jams of the earlier Hawkwind albums are noticeably absent on this release, and now we have a more straight forward, but still very creative and diverse, hard rock album from the mid 70's.    The one thing that immediately caught my attention is how Hawkwind chose to make Hall of the Mountain Grill more about solid vocal melodies.      This album is a classic in the same way Black Sabbath's Sabotage and Nazareth's Hair of the Dog are classics- every single song is catchy, interesting, and holds up very well through repeated listens.  Those are VERY important things for a rock band to have, and this Hawkwind album has that and more.      Call me crazy, but songs like \\"You'd Better Believe\\" and \\"D-Rider\\" remind me of the Talking Heads.  I don't know if the Heads were around yet, in this point in time.  My favorite song on here is probably the opener \\"The Psychedelic Warlords\\" with a VERY good verse melody, catchy chorus, and creative arrangements.      \\"Wind of Change\\", not related to the Scorpions song, is another fantastic song with a focus on build-up of classical elements and instrumental melody.  Solid effort.
B00003CXA6|3.0|Though pretty historically accurate, you never really get the real sense of battle in this. That's because the battle scenes are largely played by 're-enactors' who do this all the time. Many look lethargic, not like men ducking death from lead bullets flying all around. The real battle would have been much more chaotic. Steven Spielberg probably should have made this to give it the realistic touch so desperately needed. It comes across like a school play with a big budget. The extras are good, though. The best way to watch it is with the commentary track on. You'll get a far better history lesson than from the 'drama' the film attempts to portray.
B000JLTRIG|4.0|Like the episodes, the captions seem to flipflop. I can't prove it, but I'd swear there are at least 2 captioners working on the set, and one's better than the other/s. Contrary to the item listing, the set IS, obviously, closed captioned. The captions are fair, overall--some deletions, and some music seems to be kind of forgotten at times.
B0018QOIXU|5.0|A couple of months ago, a co-worker of mine lent me her copy of Adele's 19 since I am an admirer of both Duffy and Amy Winehouse. The comparison between Adele and the aforementioned artists is predictable. While there are subtle elements of Amy Winehouse in Adele's music, Adele maintains her own distinct sound away from the troubled Winehouse. Adele's music is slicker and cleaner sounding, and lacks that gritty, raw sound of Amy Winehouse. I am not a big fan of pop music but what I like about Adele (and her peers that I have mentioned earlier in this review) is that the music is never juvenile in terms of lyrics or annoying musically. I find 19 immensely gratifying to listen to especially on a rainy day. While Adele's vocals is cleaner than Amy Winehouse's, her vocals are still anything but polished like any pop star from America. The one song that really stood out with me was Adele's interpetation of \\"Make You Feel My Love\\". The bluesy ballad almost brings tears to my eyes everytime I listen to the song. I think Adele's version is the best I have ever heard. Another great song is \\"Daydreamer\\". The delicate acoustic melodies gives the song a more organic sound than on a lot of the songs on the album. \\"First Love\\" is another favorite track of mine. I like the catchy pop hooks. I liked the entire cd. There wasn't one song I didn't like. Overall great debut album by Adele. I can't wait to hear more from this talented young artist.
B001BPJJ9G|4.0|The imagery and visuals of this movie are simply astounding and dreamlike (a great animated dream sequence in there as well). Certainly, it could conceivably detract from the plotline or characters but then again the story is somewhat mishmash!  Regardless, as a work of the visual cinema this is a must see.  Look at it as motion art on a digital canvass, forget about the plot / characters and enjoy the ride.
158270208X|3.0|I respect all of my fellow reviewers here on amazon - even if some of their views may be a little skewed - but I had \\"challenges\\" with David Hooper's review of this particular journal. To me, it really isn't the \\"most powerful book on gratitude\\". And even though he explains why it is, I just can't help but think that the most powerful book on gratitude that you will ever own is the one you create yourself.<br /><br />No doubt about it. This book is beautiful. It's filled with quotes from the book, the Secret, and it's small enough to take with you anywhere you go...but I prefer the little leather bound journal I bought at Costco for $12.95. In it I not only include quotes from the book, The Secret, I also include quotes from others that I resonate with whether it be Ralph Waldo Emerson or Henry David Tyler - the man who delivers my bottled water - because I believe at our very core, each one of us is a fount of wisdom, inspiration, and beauty and Truth is so much with us, that we often forget that it is often disguised as \\"unlikely sources\\".<br /><br />In short, I try and make this particular journal MY journal from start to finish. I will even include pictures from magazines that I find particularly inspiring. Most of all, I write in my own language about the Law of Attraction and the \\"future me\\" I am even now evolving into. I create \\"scripts\\" that I rehearse and practice and attempt to act out. I figure that I am acting anyway, so I might as well act what I want to be.<br /><br />I have nothing against Rhonda Byrne or The Secret. I loved her movie and created a workshop around it and I formed two study groups based on her book. The challenge I have with this particular item is that in a way, it still belongs to Rhonda Byrne. She has included quotes that resonated with her. Everything is geared toward her and what she feels are \\"key points\\" in remembering and they may very well be but do you resonate...do you gravitate...do your vibrations align with the content she has included or do you vibrate with something other?<br /><br />Am I making sense here?<br />Do you understand what I am trying to get at?<br /><br />I have hundreds upon hundreds of books with various parts of the book underscored and highlighted and encircled with arrows and stars but until I put those words into my own language and make them my own, they do not belong to me. I must embody them, experiment with them, apply them, speak of them...I MUST BECOME THEM...and when I do, I will remember a part of me that always was. I am no longer attempting to make something happen, I am letting what ALREADY is, be.<br /><br />That's the challenge with the Secret. People are trying to be wealthy, healthy, and successful instead of remembering that they already are WEALTH, they already are HEALTH, they already are SUCCESS and FUlFILLMENT and BEAUTY and TRUTH. But I guarantee if you start creating your own journal and embodying that which you truly desire, those desires will come forth for the simple and wonderful reason, you already are that which you desire.<br /><br />Again, I'm not knocking the product. I'm not knocking the reviewers who found this useful. I'm not knocking you if you decide you're going to make this purchase. I'm just giving you a few suggestions of things you just might be remembering as true.<br /><br />After reading this review, burn it from your mind...burn it from your sight...and from those ashes, just BE the information you wish to convey. Do that now with all the things that seem to give you inspiration, hope, and joy because in a very real way, the only reason why you gravitated toward this review and those books is because YOU gave them life in the first place.<br /><br />Whatever you decide to do, just know that Love, Light, and Laughter are ALWAYS on your side.<br /><br />Peace & Blessings,<br />john, 'the Light Coach'u vibrate with something other?    Am I making sense here?   Do you understand what I am trying to get at?    I have hundreds upon hundreds of books with various parts of the book underscored and highlighted and encircled with arrows and stars but until I put those words into my own language and make them my own, they do not belong to me. I must embody them, experiment with them, apply them, speak of them...I MUST BECOME THEM...and when I do, I will remember a part of me that always was. I am no longer attempting to make something happen, I am letting what ALREADY is, be.    That's the challenge with the Secret. People are trying to be wealthy, healthy, and successful instead of remembering that they already are WEALTH, they already are HEALTH, they already are SUCCESS and FUlFILLMENT and BEAUTY and TRUTH. But I guarantee if you start creating your own journal and embodying that which you truly desire, those desires will come forth for the simple and wonderful reason, you already are that which you desire.    Again, I'm not knocking the product. I'm not knocking the reviewers who found this useful. I'm not knocking you if you decide you're going to make this purchase. I'm just giving you a few suggestions of things you just might be remembering as true.    After reading this review, burn it from your mind...burn it from your sight...and from those ashes, just BE the information you wish to convey. Do that now with all the things that seem to give you inspiration, hope, and joy because in a very real way, the only reason why you gravitated toward this review and those books is because YOU gave them life in the first place.    Whatever you decide to do, just know that Love, Light, and Laughter are ALWAYS on your side.    Peace & Blessings,  john, 'the Light Coach'
B000JO9Y6I|3.0|It was OK.  Didn't inspire me to download more, but it's worth seeing if you like it. Eh.
B000WC4A8O|5.0|The vinyl version is a meticulously crafted, four record box set, each record in it's own protective sleeve, placed along with the actual record sleeve with a picture of one of the band on each of these sleeves. When you open the set the vinyl are in their protective sleeves, but are not placed in the picture sleeves; they are just laid alternately one on top of the other. A 20 page book is included which primarily consists of band photos.    Sonically, how does this sound?  Well let me just say, this is about as fine a vinyl presentation of any music I have ever heard.  Wow! If you are in search of the best sounding Zeppelin, you will not be dissapointed with this purchase. I have the Zeppelin catalogue on the 200 gram vinyl presentation that was issued a few years ago and they do not compare to the sound quality of this 180 gram set.  The 200 gram vinyl presentation sounds like it was taken from a CD copy and transferred to vinyl.  The Mothership presentation is incredibly rich sounding without the brightness of the 200 gram versions.  The drums, bass, vocals, and guitars, are presented in their full dynamic range. You can almost feel the band members in your room as the music is played through your speakers. After hearing this, I'm desperate to hear the rest of the catalogue remastered for vinyl the way Mothership has been and released. My 200 gram copies will be in the hands of a used record store fast if that ever happens. Great work and thanks to the band and RTI!
B0015GDR44|2.0|Watched one episode and fell asleep.  If you're curious about therapy, go make an appointment.  Booooring!
B000060K4O|5.0|Peter (Bill Murray), Egon (Harold Ramis) and Ray (Dan Ackroyd) are college drop-outs create a unusual but successful business of paranormalist called \\"Ghostbusters\\" who uses proton-blasters and special traps to capture poltergeists and demons. Later a newcomer named Winston (Ernie Hudson) joins the squad, a lovely musician named Dana (Sigourney Weaver) lives in a apartment building that use to be the home of a cult of worshippers of ancient beings and it's haunted. Now a horde of spirits and demons with goblins appear in the city as the powerful Gozer will take over the world, now it's up the Ghostbusters to end it all.<br /><br />Co-starring Rick Moranis and William Atheron, this movie is a brilliant mix of horror, comedy and fantasy all tied together in one serious crowdpleaser of a movie. This movie has became one of the greatest motion pictures ever and one of the most beloved yet successful movies of all time, it still holds up to many generations among kids to adults as it never grows old and remains fresh. The concept of the film itself is genius and has an H.P. Lovecraft-esque feel to it, the performances are just outstanding and the special effects still hold up in this digital age. I loved this movie since i was 3 back in 1985 when my mom bought me the movie and i became a fan instantly as i watched the TV show, collected the toys, watched the sequel in the theaters in 1989 and it's the coolest movie of that decade. The theme song by Ray Parker Jr. still remains popular today even at halloween parties and the film still delights audiences both old and newcomers alike, it's one of the most original and unique motion picture experiences ever.<br /><br />This DVD contains great picture and sound with extras like Audio Commentary including an MST3K style video commentary, Trailers to this and other Columbia releases, Deleted scenes, Storyboard comparisions, conceptual art gallery, featurettes and photo gallery.
B0013FXWU6|5.0|Daniel Plainview (Daniel Day Lewis), a man filled with hatred and disdain for the human race, spends his life sucking oil from the ground and amassing a fortune.  His power and wealth allow him to look down on the rest of humanity, but cannot protect him from his own self-contempt.    Paul Thomas Anderson's epic film is a deeply cynical meditation on two forces that defined the rise of America, entrepreneurialism and religion.  It features great performances and a magnificent evocation of the oil fields of the West during the late 19th and early 20th centuries.  There are many fascinating aspects of this film, but the most interesting may be Plainview's lifelong enmity toward the charismatic preacher Eli Sunday (Paul Dano), whose flock represents for Plainview all that is gullible and foolish in people.  The two men humiliate each other in several remarkable scenes, most notably the one in which Plainview is coerced into joining the church in order to gain some land rights; it's a tour de force performance from Day Lewis.  Jonny Greenwood's extraordinary, unique soundtrack is unexpected but totally appropriate.  I'm sure that this rich film will reward many repeat viewings.
B0017MO10U|1.0|I am sure the story is fine, but the disk is imperfect, lost my packing slip and need to call to return it.
B0017I1FO4|5.0|I rate Shinedown 5 stars. Its still fresh in my head. Terrific alblum. If you like Shinedown and own any of the first two cds, buy this one. Great stuff. It rocks out and still manages those slower songs that are catchy and rock out. With this one you will not be disapointed. 5 stars!
B000WTNCYA|5.0|I was amazed by this cd.Melody Gardot is amazing. Worrisome Heart the title track is just the tip of the iceberg.She reminds me of Karrin Alyson's Moanin track from In Blue but better.
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|Love the sound, and even snuff, although slow and sounds more like a stonesour song than a slipknot one, i found it to be awesome as well. Think you should listen to it, i got into psychosocial right away, then sulfur and then some of the other tracks. Its something that shows the band still has the ability to ravage you with hard music. No offense, i heard the new metallica and this cd, and this cd is the one that amps you up. Buy it, for this price, come on... what you have to lose.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|To all of the people giving this album one star, you are freaking nuts and should not be posting music reviews.  This album is so much better than St. Anger and is on par with their earlier albums.  The sheer power and riffing is unbelievable.  I can't wait to hear some of these songs live.  Sometimes I have to listen to an album several times before I like it.  Not so with this one.  I had a smile on my face from song 1 to song 10.  I also like the fact that they brought back the classic Metallica logo.  It lends even more credibility to this album.  I am more than satisfied with this release.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|i have been waiting for this one for 20 years and i dont regret the wait!!!!!!!!!!!<br />this one is the 6th masterpiece from the masters,they were the metal kings and they left the door open for 20 years,but no other band had quality to replace them on the top spot,so they they came back to take they're place again....i am a big fan but if load and reload had some great songs,st.anger was a bad record,and even i that love metallica could not like that one.....<br />when rick rubin took metallica by the hand,i knew that death magnetic would be good becouse rubin is the best metal producer for many years and he always wanted to work with metallica....well,the best work with the best!!!<br />death magnetic:<br />i knew the record would be good but,it is not good it is a masterpiece,the more you listen to it,the more you love the songs.<br />track list:<br />that was just your life-best opener since blackened,it grows on you and james voice is amazing  10/10<br />the end of the line- this one has a great bass intro,but has got a ''load'' feel on it,and this one is to me the weakest song on the album  8/10<br />broken,beat,scarred-great riff reminds me of ''harvester of sarrow'' great lyrics and amazing guitar work,it is on of the best  10/10<br />the day that never comes-the power ballad type song that only metallica can deliver,great song simply amazing.  10/10<br />all nightmare long- my favorite track on the album,great intro,fast guitars,great lyrics,well.......metallica<br />10/10<br />cyanide-catchy tune,great bass and one of the heavy chorus.  10/10<br />the unforgiven III-this one is just amazing,maybe not has good has unforgiven I,but better than unforgiven II,great piano intro and amazing lyrics by james.  10/10<br />the judas kiss-my second favorite next to all nightmare long,just classic metallica  10/10<br />suicide and redemption- I miss the instrumental songs a lot and this one is just great,maybe not has good has ''orion'' but close.  10/10<br />my apocalypse- you will love this one if you love ''battery''or''damage inc'' just another metallica speed metal classic  10/10<br /><br />metallica are back to form,and death magnetic will be one of your favorite albums like the first,so hurry up and buy it,becouse it will be a bestseller for sure......<br />it is metallica what do you expect?u love ´´battery´´or´´damage inc´´ just another metallica speed metal classic  10/10    metallica are back to form,and death magnetic will be one of your favorite albums like the first,so hurry up and buy it,becouse it will be a bestseller for sure......  it is metallica what do you expect?
B00192KCQ0|1.0|I'm not even going to waste my breath on this one really.  They are trying to be something they haven't been in many years.  The music is alright I suppose, but the master/mix is bad.  Plus, I tired of James' vocals, always adding vowels on the ends of the words etc.    Anyway, there's much better music out there, go seek it out.  Metallica had their day, and released four great metal albums (Kill 'em all, ride the lightning, master of puppets, and I'll throw it in ...and justice for all), that's more than most bands can say.  They should be happy with that and let it go already.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is basically to Metallica what Match Point was for Woody Allen - it's not only a 'return to form', whatever that means exactly, but a kick-out-the-jams good time with the original thrash Gods.  It goes without saying that Cliff's now 20+ year absence makes it not quite as masterpiece-like from the genre, but it's just about as close as one could ask for in both quality of hard-as-bleep songwriting and solos and length, and it's definitely their best record since the Black Album, if not more \\"pure\\" than anything since 'Justice.'<br /><br />So, any Metallica fan spurned off momentarily by the step-back of St. Anger would do well to pick this up (guess not having a film crew filming your entire process keeps things down to a minimum, and allows for some awesome nostalgic jammin').  A+
0440238153|1.0|Everyone that seems to love this book, also loves to bash anyone that didn't care for it. \\"Oh you're just offended because you're religious.\\" Well, I'm tired of those same people saying religious people are \\"closed-minded\\" and \\"can't think for themselves\\". I consider myself religious but am not a part of organized religion (which I have some problems with myself). Anyway, I thoroughly enjoyed the first two books, but could only make it through half the Amber Spyglass before being bored out of my mind. Am I still able to rate this book objectively? I think so. All of the characters seemed to change personalities in this book. The story became disjointed and confusing. I also agree with others: \\"why did they want to kill this god of theirs?\\". Some things should be kept mysterious in fantasy books, but the reason for the entire main plot of the book?? It makes the reader start to not care about the characters which never, ever endears one to a series. Maybe Pullman should find someone to write a different third book: perhaps an alternate ending with all of his alternate universes.
B00011RPB0|5.0|I am mainly submitting this review because of the horrible number of '1 star' reviews.        I loved this movie so much, and it means so very much to me now, years later. I can only thank Sofia for making it, and Scarlett and Bill for being so perfect.     This movie is a masterpiece that I hold near my heart.    Beautiful.
0743290119|3.0|Three best friends living in New York are approaching thirty.  And they're all questioning their life choices so far.<br /><br />So what will they do to totally change their lives?<br /><br />Emmy, Leigh and Adriana all vow to reverse their current patterns and change everything...before they turn thirty.<br /><br />Adriana, who has, up until now, used her wiles to capture men---men of all types---to enjoy for the moment, vows to find that one perfect man to commit to for life.  Emmy has been with only three men in her life---a serial monogamist, she vows to embark on a year of \\"serial affairs\\".  Leigh is with the \\"perfect\\" man, has the perfect job and apartment, and suffers anxiety attacks.  She isn't sure what she wants to do about any of this...she maintains a stand-back-and-see approach.<br /><br />What happens throughout this year of total metamorphosis will translate into the slightly unexpected.<br /><br />Charming, interesting, but predictable...[[ASIN:0743290119 Chasing Harry Winston: A Novel]], a tale of three New York singles trying to change their lives is not compelling.  It is merely mildly amusing.  But it is intriguing enough for a beach read or for that time when you need a break from the deeply enthralling books.
159562015X|4.0|This was a great book. In fact so good that this small businessman, me, has bought it for all my staff and has it as part of my interview process. Well its increased growth. Not bad for 12 bucks.    The survey is really helpful. Its helpful with business and personal relatiohsips.    Essentially the core argument is that 1 hour invested in building a strength yields greate absolute improvement than 1 hour pluggin a wekaness. Most successful people spend most of their time doing what they are best at. There are a fair amounts of refinements to this theme, that make the book worthwhile.    Its fantastic if you are building a team or an organisation as you mix and match the right people to make the whole greater than its parts.    Downsides? Well Really the book is quite short, with the core the test you take and an introduction to it. The rest is really best described as an appendix explaining the 30 odd \\"talents\\". If you want a book you should read this book alongside read \\"first break all the rules\\". The two really work with each other for the business reader. The break all the rules book is the, text and explains how you use the principals. The strengthfinder 2.0 is really the next step once you've bought the premise of \\"first break all the rules\\", it helps you start to apply the principals to yourself and your team.    Why only 4 starts. Well I'm sick of reading 5 star reviews written by friends of the author. And Amazon is stuffed with them. So much so that I now ignore the 5 star reviews, so I hope you beilve this one. Buy this book. Use it. If you aren't already playing to your strengths, it it will change your life.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|Like someone said, I wont go in detail about the game and how to play it. I will say that this game, along with the extensions and other Klaus Tueber games have become our favs in our home. My husband and I, our two sons (11 & 14) play weekly. Especially the extensions Cities and Knights and Seafarers. I learned more of Tuebers games by joining [...] where you can play Catan online as well. This is a must have, great family fun, promise you wont be disappointed and you will be back to buy the extensions...
B0015DWJX2|5.0|friends told me that this was chick lit  while i am not sure what that means, i do know what a wonderfully written andpoignant love story this is with liitle known but remarkable world war 2 history as the backdrop  i loved this book
0679746323|2.0|If a picture is truly worth 1,000 words, Jung Chang could have drawn a crisper portrait and spared us the repetitive and monotonous diatribe that stretches over 600 pages.  This depressing narrative is peppered with painstaking details on each solitary injury, strategic blunder and character foible of Mao over his long and lethal lifetime.  As insightful and illustrative as all this might be, she could have chosen a few select examples and still made her points about what a savage, conscienceless thug he was.    The best chapters are those that depict Mao's scheming interactions with fascinating world-stage characters ranging from Stalin and Khrushchev to Kissinger and Nixon.  The entertaining anecdotes about his personal habits and odd scatological humour add colour and lighten the dismal recounting of the fate of the mind-numbing millions who suffered under Mao.  But, overall, the experience of reading this lengthy tome can be as relentlessly brutal as Mao himself.
B0018RWM9G|5.0|A very enjoyable recording by Coldplay.  The vinyl version sounds  expansive and much richer than the CD, which is also included.  They keep growing as musicians and the more I listen to this recording the more I appreciate it.  Ten songs 46 minutes, no extra filler here, every song is great and they have some very catchy hooks.  You will be singing these songs all day long wanting more.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Welcome back Metallica! 5 Years and thank goodness for there being Guitar solos on this record.    Oddly, Metallica chooses a starting single from their new album \\"Death Magnetic\\" in the same vein as what today would be deemed as comercially accessible \\"The Day That Never Comes\\". However, it is not a bad choice and is reminiscent of their superb song \\"One\\" from their \\"...& Justice for all album.\\" But from the hype of the band returning to their roots, I can only wonder why they did not elect the fantastic \\"All Nightmare Long\\".   The chorus is excellent and Lars's drumming peaks in this song at 6.20 where the double bass tactic he uses fits in well with the composition.     Major Standouts:   *Broken, Beat, Scarred  *The End Of The Line  *The Unforgiven III   (Like many I too have questioned why they would rehash the radio hit but this one is both better than parts 1 and 2 that leads up to the climax where James sings \\"Forgive me.....Forgive me Not...Why can't I Forgive Me?\\" - I'll take this as an apology for their last not so great records surfacing and punishing my ears).   *The instrumental Suicide & Redemption (sounds like this transpire from a jamming session)  *That Was Just Your Life, probably one of Metallica's best album openers in a very long time.     Why only 4 stars:  a) Lars's drumming style lacks creativity and his drum solos are still rather formless that lack structure. He still attempts to destroy the drums and passes that off as playing instead of playing.  b) What on earth happened to the mixing/production??  c) Cyanide does not fit into the album all that well.     Overall, its far more superior than Load, Re-Load and St. Anger!    Good work guys!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|\\"Death Magnetic\\" is excellent! This is an excellent CD from one of the best rock bands of all time. All of the songs are excellent!    Track Listing  1. That Was Just Your Life  2. The End Of The Line  3. Broken, Beat & Scarred  4. The Day That Never Comes  5. All Nightmare Long  6. Cyanide  7. The Unforgiven III  8. The Judas Kiss  9. Suicide & Redemption  10. My Apocalypse
B0015KGJMM|5.0|These are two of the most brilliant pieces of light music ever written, and are particular favourites of mine. I'm a big devotee of Pinnock's 1983 Water Music and my favourite Fireworks goes back to the old Jean-François Paillard all-wind version of about a million years ago. So now along comes something to challenge them both. While I'd hesitate to label these versions as \\"the best\\", they are certainly right up there with the leaders.<br /><br />This recording is about 15 years old, but has been remastered and issued on hybrid CD-SACD. It really is rather good, nicely played and crisply recorded, the original instruments caught very nicely.<br /><br />I shall need some time to get used to the Water Music. Why? Because it is quite a different arrangement. For a long time, only Sir Hamilton Harty's (shortened) arrangement was played, and then, with the upsurge in interest in baroque music in the 1960s, this was filled out with other bits, until there emerged a new \\"standard\\" version (the one used by nearly all the more recent versions, including Pinnock). This is the one I'm used to, and to hear the bits I think of as \\"the end\\" coming at the beginning is slightly disconcerting. Of course, nobody knows exactly what was played on that day, and it is likely that different suites (sharing some material) were played at different parts of the King's aquatic excursion. So, this version is as \\"correct\\" as any other. And of course the individual bits are marvellous, no matter what the order. Another slightly disconcerting thing; I've never before heard a Water Music with timpani, which, to me, don't go so well with the dances (gavottes, bourr&eacute;es and hornpipes) which make up the suites.<br /><br />The order for the Fireworks is well known, the only problem being, strings or no strings? The original was all \\"military\\" instruments (the King's express wish), but Handel added strings to later performing versions. It all bounces along nicely, with the centrepiece, \\"La R&eacute;jouissance\\" being particularly effective.<br /><br />Highly recommended.effective.    Highly recommended.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|It took a lot to get metallica to get back on the right track. But finally they are there! No, this is not \\"Master of Puppets\\" people...this is also not 1985 either! Its been like 25 years since then, and people grow up and change! This album is great, and definitely proves that they've still got it!     Now, I will say, the album isn't perfect. But it gets a 5 for effort. A 4 for material. And a 1 for production. I'm not a fan of the song \\"Cyanide\\". Other than that, I love the album! Here's my breakdown...    1) That Was Just Your Life - 8/10  2) End Of The Line - 8/10  3) Broken, Beaten $ Scarred - 10/10  4) The Day That Never Comes - 10/10  5) All Nightmare Long - 11/10  6) Cyanide - 8/10  7) Unforgiven III - 9/10  8) The Judas Kiss - 10/10  9) Suicide & Redemption - 10/10  10) My Apocolypse - 11/10    Love the album and it continues to grow on me every day!    However, although I think they did their very best that they could this time...Next time I think they should give Andy Sneap a call for the production...
0399241957|5.0|Opposed to other reviews, my personal opinion is that Good Night Gorilla is better than Goodnight Moon (although both are great bedtime stories).  Funny and filled with great illustrations, Good Night Gorilla is a charming reader.  My sons just love it.  Another bedtime story I'd recommend and they love is Ladybug Baby Bug, by Janice and Mark Perkins.
B000HIVOI2|2.0|Oh Dear.  One of my favorite films and I was very disappointed. I wasn't too upset that there was no extras other than a commentry and previews of up coming Lionsgate Blu ray releases.  Picture quality was poor and grainy, although on close up's quite detailed. Sound wise very good presented in DTS HD and Dolby 5.1 EX.  If you like the film I would suggest you buy the region 1 Artisan ultimate edition which has remastered Theatrical and Directors cuts, as well as 2 featurettes and DTS 6.1 ES.
0061537934|5.0|This is the most amazing novel I have had the pleasure of reading in many moons.  It is not only inspirational and thought-provoking, but it brands the reader's soul and leaves a permanent imprint.  Garth Stein performed an entertaining book reading at the Book Revue in Huntington, NY last month, and was so kind to answer audience questions about the \\"zebra\\" within us, the techniques of professional auto racing, (like visualizing egg shells between the foot and the accelerator, etc.)     One of the 2 excerpts he reads, deals with this most loving, evolved dog, Enzo.   His fondest wish is to return as a man with opposable thumbs, the ability to embrace speech & the aspiration to  become a grand champion race car driver.  He watches TV, extensively studies racing videos with Denny, & learns \\"the car goes where the eyes look\\", as well as taking other steps to becoming a compassionate human being.    Enzo's sacrifices are many, as he reviews his life, and prepares for his imminent death,,, so he can take a leap of faith, and be reunited with his beloved human, Denny, and daughter, Zoe.  He understands and evaluates the world and people around him, storing the information deep into the pocket of his soul, for the next lifetime.    He is ready,,, a double \\"WOOF WOOF\\" to indicate \\"Faster\\".  Be prepared for Enzo's emotional \\"transition\\",,,so keep a few tissues handy.  The concept of writing a book from the canine's point of view is pure genius, and Garth Stein's mixing it with his extensive knowledge of car racing makes for a unique, one of a kind book.    What a fantastic movie this would make for the wide screen!  Let's hope he writes a sequel,,,,\\"The Art of Flying in the Rain\\",,,where Jonathon Livingston Seagull meets Enzo the man.    I loved this book, and look forward to reading Garth Stein's other published books.  Respectfully  Arlene Millman  author of \\"Boomerang - A Miracle Trilogy (The Tale of a Remarkable Boston Terrier\\")
B001BMKOZW|4.0|I'll admit I wasn't optimistic when I purchased this CD, but I owed it to the guys for all the great SOAD music.  I am very pleasantly surprised.  It's perhaps (and I say perhaps) one notch down from Hypnotize/Mesmerize, but that's like saying Lebron James is perhaps one notch down from Kobe Bryant.  OK, maybe that's an overstatement, but everything I love from SOAD is here.  Sure I miss Serj a little bit, but the music awesome and the lyrics are hilarious.  This is a very rare instance of when the parts are almost as good as the sum.
B00003INJ6|5.0|The Deep Purple mk 1 line up recorded this album in 1968 so what you can expect is heavy rock in a psychedelic and jazzy style that frankly just cannot be compared to any other psych band of the time. The sound is muddy but all the better for it really.     This line-up had (in true Purple tradition) a different singer and bassist in the shape of Rod Evans and Nick Simper respectively who contribute well to the overall sound, especially Simper, a busy bassist with a heavy sound. Evans is more restrained than the later Ian Gillan.    Lord, Blackmore and Paice weave their magic of course, but some of the songs would really benefit from some rhythm guitar, something that Blackmore didn't like. What was wrong with that guy? Paicey gets his jazz boots on in some of the songs and Lord even rips off excerpts from Sheherezade by Rimsky-Korsakov and Spanish excerpts from Manuel de Falla. No matter. It was the '60s.    One thing I particularly like is the extra song \\"Shadows\\", a lovely, psychedelic melody that wouldn't be out of place on a Nuggets compilation. The live cut of \\"Hush\\" on Playboy, however, sounds like it was recorded straight of the tv with not enough depth or presence. No matter. Its an interesting document.    All in all, I was surprised by this album. Its heavy, rocky, colourful, interesting, overlooked and, above all, just great!
0783240287|5.0|Joseph and the amazing technicolor dreamcoat dvd. it is a great story done to professionalism of this cast. i have enjoyed it in many forms and love the enthusiasm of the entire cast.
B000026OWF|5.0|This has to be the last in line of what I call the Herbie Hancock jazz-fusion trilogy, the previous two being \\"Headhunters\\" and \\"Thrust\\". Here he's managed to curb the interstellar jams and add two more songs to the album.    Its full of amazing funk/fusion, the first being \\"Hang Up Your Hang Ups\\" which contains some great horn stabs. It also drops down to smooth flowing fusion in \\"Bubbles\\" and Herbie fires up the synth for a Chameleon-esque bass line in \\"Steppin' In It\\". Thats such an infectiously funky tune!    Musically, its an all star cast. Wayne Shorter, Paul Jackson, Mike Clark and Stevie Wonder on harmonica are just a few of the names you can find on the musicians list.     As far as 70s jazz-funk/fusion albums go, this is devoid of cliches and any tackyness. Its just such a funky album with great musicianship and even greater songs. A welcome additive to any collection!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|damn im suprised....after the UN-Metallica St.Angers i had no idea wat to expect. surpisingly this album is sort of a resurrection for metallica....it is their best album since ..and justice for all. not radio friendly and long songs are back. they sound rougher and the production is more sharp and less soft. dare i say that this album fits in rather well with their first 4 albums, now this is not Ride the Lightning or Kill'em all or even Master of Puppets....there is evolution here, and this sounds more like the album that should have come after Master of Puppets. It seems Metallic have come back to basics and thats exactly what they needed....as a BIG FAN of Kill'em all and Ride the Lighting...i think that you should check this one out, its not their best but it is certaintly NOT their worst.
B0007TKNIS|5.0|This is a fantastic movie! For those of us pitiful souls who yearn to see the Broadway stage, movies such as this can still capture our romantic spirits and give us a taste of the greatness of musicals of the stage. While some reviews claim that it is not true to the stage rendition in it's entirety, I still feel that it does a spectacular job in presenting the magic of sound and song! (I listen to the original sound track as I type and reflect the similarities/differences)    I agree with one reviewer who said that the Phantom is a younger, sexier version of the deformed Phantom. It adds to the romantic appeal and desire, and heightens the pity of someone who yearns for what he cannot have. Instead of being repulsed by the external entirely, the focus is on the impurity of the soul as Christine puts it - the developed hatred and anger at the world. The attraction and seduction is also easier to believe for me. The scene in the Phantom's layer - the sexual tension! Captivating.    Overall, I am entirely enthralled with this movie and watching it only makes me long to see it on stage more! In the meantime, I continue to listen to my soundtracks and watch this movie over and over again!
B000002KET|5.0|If you love heavy riffs and great drumming there is no way you can't love this album.  SBS has it all....killer guitar, jazzy drums, and cool Wakeman piano.....people often overlook how great each player was in this band.  Turn Sabra Cadabra up to MAX volume and feel the chills as the bass kicks in to that awesome guitar riff.....Billy Ward banging away with cool fills.....and it's a love song WTF?  A couple of duds I could do without like Fluff and Who are You?  But the rest rock.....SBS, National Acrobat, KYTL, and Looking for Today all rock out.  Tough to be heavy and melodic but they hit it here.  Cheers!
0593057023|2.0|This is not one of Lee Child's better Jack Reacher stories and is certainly less plausible than the others.
0385340990|4.0|Doubtless, this book has the power to move readers.  Shaffer and Barrows tell this sad and inspirational story with letters, compelling us to read each characters' emotions.  For a lover of literature, what can be more pleasing than seeing literature heal souls and save lives?  Books--and the life within them--bring us all together and, at the same time, bring us closer to our own true selves.  On Guersey, books read by this literary society nurture life into these dying souls.<br /><br />Despite these letters, only one character truly arises from the pages--Elizabeth.  Absent yet always lingering in everyone's heart, this beautiful soul whispered words of hope to the reader.  Hope for a new day.  Hope for love.  Her strength and non-complacence with the cruel world around her renews our own hope in the human spirit.<br /><br />The ending, while predictable, offers the people of Guernsey that same kind of hope Elizabeth once offered.  And, as readers, we understand that her legacy will endure.
B00000F14B|5.0|After \\"Singin in the Rain\\", \\"The Music Man\\" is the best all family musical from 4 year olds to 44 yr olds to 104 yr olds. What makes a smile stay on your face for 2 hrs of movie watching and carry with you throughout the next 24 hours and gives you a joyful approach to the day better than humming or singing \\"76 Trombones\\"? Watching young Ron Howard and the legendary Robert Preston in the same movie is a real treat. The movie actually expands the show by dimension not change of story or format.  What can I say? I have loved this movie and show since it came out and found great joy in introducing it to my grandkids (instead of more animation and \\"made for kids\\" movies) and they (to my delight) loved it too.
031606792X|5.0|I absolutely love Stephanie Meyer.  Breaking Dawn is an excellent addition to the Twilight series.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|1st off...if no one said it sounded anything like their old albums i would've given this more stars.  It got my hopes up...it doesnt sound anything like their old stuff.  James cant sing.  I understand he like 40 -something..But tell me why that AC-DC's new song sounds like...well AC-DC.  Brian Johnson sounds exactly the same and im willing to bet that 'Black Ice' will certainly rock.  Metallica in all their 'Gods off rock' have fallen short.  Lars drums are way 2 loud with that stupid snare drum and drum fills in every other second. and james once again has 2 say \\"yeya!\\" at every other verse.  When they did \\"garage days revisited\\" that was awesome 'cause they sounded good. St. Anger sucked and everyone knows it. Filters new album was categorized to sound like short bus & title of record.  That didnt.  Who come up with these reviews.  Metallica is fallin away and should just split up and or retire.  Just listen to the last song.  WTF!?  give it up guys.  Well...@ least i have another $10 coaster...cool.
B001BWDG0W|1.0|Please don't waste your money and watch this.    The movie is pathetic, and I am really sorry I wasted an hour and a half of my life watching it.    I hope ABBA can sue.
0394400267|5.0|'A Distant Mirror' has been my most satisfying read in years. Ms Tuchman lays out the events of the 14th century in rich but comprehensible detail. She paints a truly convincing picture of the age and one comes away with a remarkable understanding of the flawed mediaeval age. The writing is flawless (she even uses 'contemporary' correctly, a trick that few modern writers seem able to pull off!) and the book reads smoothly and pleasurably. This hardcover edition is sturdy, and the lavish pictures and maps, including some colour plates, are beautiful.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|As a fan of old school Metallica and thrash in general (Slayer, Pantera, etc.) I can say that this album is what I've been waiting for for so long. The production is the only minor drawback- it sounds a little muddy. The songs, though, absolutely rip. They're fast, dense and complex (and long), without losing the melody. They've gone back to writing songs around the riff instead of around the vocal, and it works beautifully.    I've seen many people saying this is like the lost album between Justice and the Black Album, but I disagree. The sound is a little like TBA, but the songs themselves aren't even close. A lot of people won't like this album (fans of new Metallica and teenyboppers everywhere). It will take some time and perspective before I can decide where it fits in in their best work, but I'm pretty sure it will end up quite high. Right now I'd put it right behind Puppets and Justice. Yes, it's that good. I was skeptical, but after a few times through at full volume, I'm convinced.
B00192KCQ0|1.0|Never again.  After And Justice for All, the band has gone down hill.  Hetfield looks strung out, sounds like garbage and can not hold a note.  This release, while better than St. Anger (which totally ripped off the fan base) is classic junk.  Now they will tour, aske $125 per ticket and rely on the older music to get them by.      Burton is turning over in his grave.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|Godsmack does it again, extending their musical range yet keeping the heavy guitar and drums that they are known for.
0596007124|4.0|This is a book that I recommend to all of the software developers I work with, it is so much more than the gang of 4, it is actually readable.  The unique format used to address the topics helps with retention and understandability.  The only complaint that I would have about the book, and the reason I gave it 4 stars, is that the examples used are impractical and sometimes silly.  The authors also could have alluded more to the usages of algorithms and efficiency of code.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|What can I say?  Not knowing what to expect, Metallica has hit this one out the park.  It is sounds refreshingly new, but not quite at the same time.  At's as if they picked up right after Master of Puppets.  Hard to explin but I am liking it.  Hard, Fast, and flowing, not harsh to listen to like some of their newer stuff.  It's one of those albums to play at full throttle high volume. Guitar play is some of the best I've heard from them so far.  This album's one's already one of my favorites, no doubt.
B0017I1FP8|4.0|Quick delivery; however, cd arrived with broken inner plastic holder and cd was loose.  The disk wasn't scratched, but its always annoying to receive a product not 100%     This sort of thing can happen during delivery though, so always get insurance when possible.    Take care, God bless.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|boy, metallica is really trying hard to rock out. it's funny to me, listening to the cliched, childish lyrics (he's so dark and angry!), the dramatic, ineffective tempo changes, the futile attempts to come up with hooks as solid and catchy as the flemming rasmussen days. something just doesn't work, the songwriting just ain't there anymore, and i guess it never will be. they get one star for not letting bob 'i single handedly killed anything good about metallica' rock produce the record and one star for trying so gosh darned hard. i would feel sorry for them if i hadn't seen 'some kind of monster' and witnessed what a bunch of spoiled crybabies they are. oh, well, at least slayer and cannibal corpse are still putting out good albums.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|there back i love this cd ive been a fan from the start tnk god they did it right metallica rules tim from kansas
B000A59PMO|4.0|Veronica Mars was a well written show that was killed before its time. Kirsten Bell is hot and smart and not unlike a revisioned Nancy Drew. A snob of a girl that reforms and takes on the cases of her classmates. Veronica Mars's first season is fast paced and pulls you in with a collection of great stories woven into a larger picture. Once season one is done you will jump to buy season two.
1565847032|5.0|How do you insult a man like Chomsky who is putting America first and telling some unpopular truths about it.  If you disagree with Chomsky, then you disagree with what is in the hearts and minds of the millions upon millions who agree with him and have bought his books. There is just something about the TRUTH that appeals to people. You can lie on CNN; you can cover things up in the media and talk-radio: NPR is the worst and I hope NPR starts telling the REAL TRUTH one day. I've heard stories being squashed right in the middle of them. NPR, WE are not stupid, so stop filtering and cutting out real news that YOU, don't like. Bush and CNN and NPR will share the same legacy, as will the House and Senate - posterity will not be kind - but like Chomsky will only be telling the truth. That's why Dr. Chomsky will always be a best-seller. It's not about the money for Chomsky - it's about truth - and truth from the heart is a very attractive and comforting thing to go to. Obama will be our next president: Why? He is simply being truthful. Hillary and Bill, were not, and lost. Hill & Bill are the lost 1 star reviewers here. Hilary and Bush are eerily similar.     Truth is uncomfortable for many. Truth is like the medicine that tastes bad at first, but is so good for you in the long run. People will adjust to truth; get back on track. Chomsky's truths will get the USA and America on the right track sooner rather than later. Wake up, turn off CNN, FOX and NPR and read, read, read a courageous, ultuistic and pure  intentioned author like Chomsky. Go out, or even better, order all his books right here from Amazon. Posterity will be very kind to Dr. Chomsky because Chomsky has a very simple and pure formula when he writes: TRUTH!
B00192KCQ0|1.0|It's probably the best stuff they've written and the absolute worst production all at the same time.  The crushed levels are too much.  I can't even listen to this.  The Guitar Hero rips are much more tolerable, but it's still a shame.  This could have been so good...
B000065BPB|5.0|Excellent product. Sound quality for PC gaming with Klipsch THX speaker control is outstanding, and the 9 foot cord allows for sitting well back of a 24\\" monitor.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|great music,and glad to say metallica is back.but why oh why do cds need to be mastered to have no dynamics  and distortion?
B00192KCQ0|5.0|It's been a long time coming for Metallica. While I do enjoy the \\"Black\\" album, that was where their career took a turn for the worse. With \\"Load\\", \\"Reload\\", and \\"St. Anger\\" they just kept getting worse and worse, while straying further away from what made them metal gods in the first place. Well guys, they've gone back to their roots, and the long song-length, guitar soloing, and classic Metallica riffage are here on \\"Death Magnetic\\". Rejoice!     On top of all this, some of the songs belong among some of their all-time best IMO. \\"All Nightmare Long\\" def stands out as the best on the album, and it is prob one of my 5 fave songs from Metallica ever, and trust me I know that's SAYING something. It's got a lot of the awesome galloping riffs and repeated drum/guitar lines that made their old stuff truly legendary. \\"That Was Just Your Life\\" is pure old-school classic metal, and is truly an outstanding opener. The riff is plain sick. It's prob my 2nd-fave song on the CD. \\"The End of the Line\\" follows and features an absolutely killer riff and awesome song structure. \\"Broken, Beat & Scarred\\", \\"The Judas Kiss\\", and \\"My Apocalypse\\" also stand out as balls-on-the-wall thrash metal that hearken back to the old days. Lastly I really enjoy their instrumental track \\"Suicide & Redemption\\". It's not as good as \\"Orion\\" but is def stellar and a joy to listen to.      Give this album a shot. They're back guys, trust me on this one
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I wanted to title this review, \\"Welcome Back Metallica\\", but since a few reviewers already have, as a diehard fan I would like to thank the band for putting out a great album.<br /><br />Death Magnetic is a return to the Metallica that their diehard fans knew and loved. The sluggish tempos and unmemorable songs from the last two decades are absent and replaced by the complex structures, changing tempos, and intelligent aggression of their heyday. This is their best album since ...And Justice for All. Even the song order replicates their `80s creative heyday as it begins and ends with a fast paced thrash tune (\\"That Was Just Your Life\\" and \\"My Apocalypse\\" respectively, has the ballad turned jam as the 4th track (\\"The Day That Never Comes\\") and an instrumental as the second to last track (\\"Suicide & Redemption\\"). Rick Rubin's production works well here as the album sounds modern without taking away of their metallic bite. The best track here (and their best song since \\"One\\") is \\"The Day That Never Comes\\",  which starts slow, recalling \\"The Unforgiven\\" before gaining momentum and becoming  a glorious riff fest. Another killer tune is the wicked rage rock of \\"All Nightmare Long\\" and is one of the many tunes where lead guitarist Kirk Hammett plays like a wild animal unleashed from a cage after not having a solo on St. Anger.The heavy thrash tunes (\\"That Was Just Your Life\\", \\"My Apocalypse\\", \\"The End of the Line\\") are all very strong while both \\"The Judas Kiss\\" and \\"Broken, Beat & Scarred\\" mix the best of both their `80s thrash and `90s heavy boogie rock.  The instrumental \\"Suicide & Redemption\\" is not quite on the level of \\"Orion\\" or \\"The Call of Ktulu\\" but is still pretty good. Even \\"Cyanide\\", a track that I've read some scathing reviews about, is pretty decent. In closing, Death Magnetic is the album that longtime fans like me wondered if they were still capable of creating. Welcome back Metallica.
0307455874|2.0|You would really have to take leave of your critical faculties (Sen. Clinton termed it a \\"willing suspension of disbelief\\") to think this memoir had anything material to say about Sen. Obama's capabilities to be a president. The fact is, he's a by-product of Chicago machine politics who brags about his experience as a \\"community organizer\\" (wow, he organized the slums) who is in over his head. I guess I would recommend buying this book after Sen. Obama has lost in November, when these self-indulgent meanderings will clutter the bargain bin even more than they do now.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is a great album!! Sounds killer!! People on here giving it one star and saying it sounds bad you are STUPID!!! Go listen to the jonas bros you losers!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Without a doubt this album is in a league of it's own when it comes to Metallica....Whole new sound. Yeah it has its old school thrashy moments and awesome solos once again But its not totally old school which is good. We didn't need an 80s album in 2008...That being said it's a whole new sound for metallica while still sounding like themselves. It's long and progressive/thrashy. James sounds awful at times but We can forgive him for that cuz his song writing along with Lars hasnt been this good since black/justice. Thank You Metallica for coming back with style. All the bashers should just get a life..It aint perfect and doesnt touch those first 4 of course but It's another great album after 3 blah ones... \m/
B0013D8LOU|3.0|Many aspects of this film cannot be faulted - the production design, the actors, and of course the peerless score by Stephen Sondheim. As so often happens in his films however Director Tim Burton's initial grim humour gives way to unnecessary nastiness leaving a bad taste in the viewer's mouth and throwing the film off balance. This is definitely not a film for the squeamish.
0380730405|4.0|Featuring the whimsical prose of the introspective young main character, this book sets a mood for heavy poetic descriptions and laments into her thoughts. The reader will travel with the character and learn of the epic story of Rebecca, revealed piece by piece. The subtle (and sometimes not so subtle) pieces are enough to aid the reader in figuring out Rebecca's startling story on his or her own, but some of the twists of the book are beyond the imagination of even the most clever reader.<br /><br />The strengths of this book are its remarkable organization, its prose which often times caused me to stop to ponder a quote or a particular idea, the brilliantly vivid descriptions, some literary risks that the author took that worked, and most of all, its stabbing ending. While it has often been described as a page turner, I can say that I was able to put it down during the first half relatively easily, but the last fourth of the book I could not put down.<br /><br />The weaknesses of the story is more a matter of personal preference. I personally don't like traditional British writing for its wordiness/over descriptions. However, the descriptions were bearable as they were poetic and charming. I also had a hard time identifying with the characters and was a bit frustrated with the main character at times, but this all ended up serving a greater purpose in the end.<br /><br />In all this book went beyond expectations in its story line, and fell short of some (it didn't turn out to be my oh my goodness favorite book ever). No doubt that fans of British writing style should love this story which has definitely earned its place among the classics.
B00005YJMX|5.0|Almost every scene reminded me of something else: not just Murnau. Although there was dialogue, it could easily have been silent, with dialogue cards, since very little of the information was verbal.  No one had more than a few lines. Visually, a lot of the shots were 100% Caspar David Friedrich. Adjani from the back, looking out to sea. There was a bit of Coleridge and Doré's Ancient Mariner. A bit of Füssli.  A bit of the Pied Piper of Hamelin, Browning if not Grimm. The Woman in White? Was there a bit of Rocky Horror? The geography  fascinated. How do you get to Transylvania? Either overland on horseback, and by hitching a ghost coach, or by ship from the Dardenelles via the Bay of Biscay. If you go north from Wismar, which actually seems to be Delft, you get to Riga. If you do the subtitles, a van becomes a von. Jonathan is too straight and dumb to be anything but English, but Reinfeld ? --- Swiss? Austrian? Bavarian? Levantine? Carpathian?   At one point I almost thought I was in Wales, where I have been. Nothing matters that much in this Wunderland, which should defuse it, but still it works. Held the attention in spite of the pace. Lovely stuff; although I still like Cushing and Lee.
B0017ASV1C|2.0|This film was entirely unsatisfying from beginning to end. An awesome cast from top to bottom (except for 50 Cent) but just a weak, predictable story with no delivery to speak of.    I hate saying this about a movie with two legendary and, more often than not, specatacular actors but 20 minutes into the movie I was looking at my watch waiting for it to be over. Less than 40 minutes into the movie I had the whole plot \\"twist\\" figured out which says something because I'm normally somewhat dull-whitted when it comes to crime solving shows. Let's just say they didn't make it difficult to solve this one.    The lovely and talented Carla Gugino plays the love/sex interest of DeNiro with some pretty strange likings (of which no explaintions are ever offered). It's almost like her role in the movie was an afterthought.    Also, who the @#$% told 50 Cent that he could act??????????? I almost got up and walked out of the movie house as soon as his worthless @$$ showed on screen.    This one gets two instead of one only because DeNiro & Pacino were in the same film. I wish they would've wasted the script on lesser talent because this piece of crap is gonna rake in the dough just because of the marquis.    Don't even waste a Netflix rental on this film. Get a good crime mystery like \\"The Usual Suspects\\".
B00192KCQ0|5.0|from a fan since 1984 (Ride The Lightning was my 1st introduction to Metallica), I'm happy with Death Magnetic.  To compete or compare to the 1st 3 releases, IMO, will lose, those are the classics, the foundation for Metallica.  I wasn't expecting Death Magnetic to be a duplicate of Kill'em All, Ride, and Master but this release is a step in the right direction.  I have all their releases.  No, as a whole, I hardly listen to Load, ReLoad, and St Anger.  Do they have some good songs on them, yes.  I'm not going to knock Justice nor the Black album.  Justice's songs were long (good album though) and the Black Album, their biggest selling album, a commercial succes, the one that a lot of the hard core fans consider their  sell-out album because they got Bob Rock to produce it, they slowed down, and put out a handful of videos.  Anyways, the songs were played to death.  Not Metallica's fault, their not going to complain.  It was well promoted by Elektra.  The tour alone, what, lasted 3 to 4 years.  Unheard of now.  So, back to Death Magnetic, good job guys, Rick Rubin was a good choice. He did them 'justice', no pun intended. My favorite, no, but it is now officially part of my collection and for now, it's on my playlist.  And you know, If I want classic Metallica, I'll pop in Kill'em All, Ride the Lightning, and Master of Puppets.
B001BKXUOQ|3.0|I like Slipknot, and I like Stone Sour.  I bought this album expecting a Slipknot album -- I thought Vol 3 was a masterpiece of modern metal.  But it feels like they had a hard time generating enough material so they filled the rest of the space with Stone Sour songs.  It's growing on me the more I listen, but I was definitely expecting better from these guys.
0307455874|1.0|For all who approve of the contents of this book, as it pertains to what Obama wants to do with this country, you really should consider living in a country that is already Socialist. That way you don't have to fight to make our Great Capitalist Country into a Slog of Socialism. It isn't working elsewhere, why so you want it here? Simple answer...it's a great plan for the lazy underachievers, celebrities who hate America, especially those who live in other countries but make the majority of their BIG money from Americans, and those in power who want even more power over \\"We the People\\". Big Government? No Thanks!!
1577314808|5.0|This book is what I would call the other book of life. This books gives you the simple version of what religious entities have sought to do for thousands of years.
B000001FK3|5.0|Back in the 70's, I had a friend whose father was a record \\"something\\" but used to get those great demo's with the hole punched in the label. He gave a bunch to me, and I could not keep Cale off of my turntable.  I agree with those who say \\"don't discover him\\" - the peace of laying down JJ and floating with it is only to be shared with those you know will get it.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|well the day has come finally after all the wasted years, metallica is on the rise of revenge. death magnetic is where metallica should have been along time ago. the day that never comes is one of the most standout songs metallica has ever done this song makes me want to pick up the earth and slam it down and it is the right song done right that has ever entered into the metal world. don't get me wrong the other songs are awsome too so metal on metal heads.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|After a few really lackluster albums where Metallica was trying to hard and mostly failing, they return to their roots with Death Magnetic. One thing that intrigued me before hearing the album was that Rubin advised them to return to the Master of Puppet days as far as sound; and, that made perfect sense to me and got me excited to hear the new effort.<br /><br />And, Death Magnetic does harken back to the good old days of classic Metallica. But, is that good enough anymore? For many fans, it will be, and that would spell success for Metallica; for me, it was really is not enough. My Metallica experiences began back at the beginning with their first song on the Metal Massacre compilation albums, and I have been there ever since and listened to the band's evolution - something that Rubin labeled as bad. And, for the last couple of efforts he was right.<br /><br />But, for me the evolution of Metallica that arose in the late 1980s and early 1990s and lead to The Black Album and S&M was a natural thing that fit them perfectly; it was after that when they became a combination of tpp self-conscious and way too self aware that their evolution became derailed and Load and Reload delivered an uneven mix of where they should be going and where they should never tread (which is where the next couple of albums exactly tread). It is precisely this point - pre Load - that they should have picked up and rediscovered their true path.<br /><br />So where does this leave Death Magnetic? A very good, classic Metallica album that will satisfy many if not most of their fans; but, for me, it will probably sit on the CD shelf next to Master of Puppets, And Justice for All, S&M, Ride the Lightning, Garage, Inc., and Kill 'Em All... all of which will get more play time than Death Magnetic, because, while it harkens back to most of those albums, it is not as good as any of them; at least not as good as my muscle memory of all of these classic Metallica albums.<br /><br />>>>>>>>&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;<br /><br />A Guide to my Music Rating System:<br /><br />1 star = Not worth the blood dripping from your ears/<br />2 stars = Don't bother, clean your bathroom instead.<br />3 stars = Wasn't a waste of time, but it was time wasted.<br />4 stars = Good music, but not life altering.<br />5 stars = This music changed my world in at least some small way.:    1 star = Not worth the blood dripping from your ears/   2 stars = Don't bother, clean your bathroom instead.  3 stars = Wasn't a waste of time, but it was time wasted.  4 stars = Good music, but not life altering.  5 stars = This music changed my world in at least some small way.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Hi fellow Metallica \\"fans\\".<br /><br />If you're listening to Death Magnetic and all you can think about is the \\"clipping\\" or subtle nuances of the recording, I suggest you pursue types of music that aren't notoriously loud and frenetic.<br /><br />I mean really, are there people out there actually listening to the latest Metallica album and wondering \\"Hmmmm, I wonder what this sound looks like graphed out? That's the only way if I can tell if I should like it or not!\\"<br /><br />Maybe it's time to explore other genre's of music, such as Creed or Dragon Force. They're very \\"well recorded\\" and should satisfy the needs of discerning \\"heavy music enthusiasts\\".<br /><br />[The album is GREAT by the way.]
0385340990|5.0|This book is so sweet and pure in its innocence. The letters from the Islanders are frank and to be taken at face value.  They are by no means ignorant, simply naive, often with hilarious results! Juliet is the perfect recipient of the letters as she is full of life, hope and dreams.  She  still has faith in humanity desite the horrors of war and the London Blitz which destroyed her beloved flat.<br />  The lost Elizabeth and tragic hero Christian add depth and grounding to the (predictable) love story.<br />  I was put off at first by the letter format of the book and probably would not have bought it if I had known it was written so.  What a shame that would have been!  After the first few pages I got over it completely.  The charectors reappear so often in the letters that pretty soon you know them well enough that you don't have to keep going back to remind yourself who they are.<br />  This is one of those books that I never wanted to end.  It is that good!  Please treat yourself and your friends, (Think Christmas) to this delightful confection.
B000N4SHOE|5.0|This is a highly underrated movie. Renee Zellweger is wonderful as Beatrix Potter and Ewan McGregor is one of my favorite modern actors. This is a gentle love story that you can show your grandmother without fear of embarrassment. My niece made a good observation about the cover art on the DVD -- what happened to Ewan's mustache? Don't miss this movie.
B00127RAJY|3.0|Jillian Michaels is using a very effective approach to weight loss:  interval training.  If you train as hard as you can for a minute or two, and then take the level down for a few minutes, and then back up again--your body will default to the higher calorie burning level.  (Maybe we really are running from a sabertooth tiger.  Let's keep it up.)<br /><br />However, she is trying to put too much into one exercise.  A lot of the exercises involve weight and speed.  Speed and weight separately are good things.  Together, not so much.  Weight + speed = injury.<br /><br />Every exercise professional that I can think of, whether it's Bryan Kest and Shiva Rea carefully placing a foot or a hand before putting weight into a difficult yoga pose, Joseph Pilates and the slower speed required by springs, or even the followers of Ken Hutchins (super-heavy, super slow), would tell you to avoid weight and speed.<br /><br />Unless you are one of those people who magically avoids injury, I would avoid this.<br /><br />Although, I wouldn't avoid interval training at all--Mari Windsor uses it in her 'dynamic sequencing', as does Callan Pinckney of Callenetics. Interval training by itself without a lot of weight is very effective for weight loss--it's a lot of why both Windsor Pilates and Callanetics were very popular.<br /><br />Edit:  While I'm at it, I'm going to add another complaint about this:  my experience with heavy interval training like this, is that it made me, and the clients to whom I suggested it when I was a Pilates teacher, very hungry.  We, collectively, decided that we were probably eating the difference, and thus not losing weight.<br /><br />However, interval training is good; just the gentler Mary-Windsor-Callan-Pinckney-variety.  If you can avoid raising your metabolism too much, interval training will help you lose weight.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This is the absolute best album Metallica has put out since the Black Album. It's heavy, with some mellow stuff, its fast, it grooves, it makes me want to throw the metal horns in the air out the window while i'm driving. I just cant believe that these guys could put out an album this good after the worst album they ever released (St. Anger). All you haters out there must bow down to Metallica's supremacy. They are back with a vengance to show everyone why they ARE the greatest metal band of all time.
6305511055|3.0|slightly dated as spy thrillers go. good  movie, but copy has bad spot.  effectd area is not crucial to plot but is annoying. i have seen this bad spot on another copy. so i think this was a transfer problem.
B001FEA9QU|4.0|First thing -- this isn't Master of Puppets II.  Supposedly Rick Rubin told them on the first day they met to go listen to \\"Master\\" for inspiration.  If that's true, it's obvious they did, and maybe a little King Diamond, Judas Priest and old-school power metal while they were at it.  But remember, they're not 24 any more, so don't expect epic fury and psychotic guitars elevated from the ninth circle.  Enter with reasonable expectations.    But if they're not 24, they've made a damn fine attempt at passing for it on this album.  I've been a Metallica fan since the late 80s.  I've heard all the ups and downs.  And like every other Metallica fan I wrote them off after St. Anger, which is exactly the emotion most fans felt upon hearing what they'd purchased.      Friends and Metallikatz, I promise you this revival is worth the price of admission.  I've literally listened to \\"Suicide and Redemption\\" six times already today, and that's nearly a ten-minute song.  Long meandering rock tracks are very difficult to execute properly; it's way too easy to get bored with what sounds like random riffs pieced together punctuated with solos.  \\"Suicide\\" is without a doubt the second-best long song Metallica has ever written, behind only \\"To Live Is To Die.\\"  It flows hither, thither and yon, sometimes carrying you, sometimes coaxing you and once in a while yanking you by the short hairs over burning gravel.      After \\"Suicide,\\" come to the thrash side for a bit, where our friend \\"All Nightmare Long\\" waits to toss you a skateboard and hearken back to the empty-pool days of yore.  The clean-channel intro reminds me of \\"Harvester of Sorrow\\" -- that is, until you're catapulted face-first screaming ecstatically into a 32nd-note maelstrom.  You will be reminded of Megadeth and Exodus here, and that is certainly not a bad thing.      Of course with every ill comes its cure, and the sticky-sweet saccharine of \\"Unforgiven III\\" (let it go already!) will force a double take.  There's a pianointro.  Pianos and metal don't mix, unless you're Dragonforce, and even then it's questionable.  The rest of the song isn't all that great, either, so let's say Metallica is ... ahem... unforgiven for not retiring this old chestnut forever ago.      There is more, of course, but I've covered the highs and lows, so I leave it to you to fill in the gaps.  As of this writing the entire album is available to listen to for free on Metallica's website, so go check it out.  This 20-year Metallica fan is happy.      Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go plaster the head-shaped hole in the wall...
0684830485|5.0|This book should be a \\"must read\\" for everyone. It is one of the top twenty-five books of modern times.
B00192KCQ0|4.0|I have been a fan since 1983, when I first brought kill'em all home (when my walkman was stolen, and the cops recovered it, I was pissed that my kill'em all tape was not recovered!).  Black Album was a bit disapointing for me, but had many good points. Load/Re-load also had moments, but still disapointing.  St Anger may be the worst \\"metal\\" CD I have ever heard.  I mention these things just so you can put my opinion in context.    This new CD is pretty dam cool.  I like it, and it is already growing on me. I will not go into deep reviews, only because if you have already decided to hate it, my opinion wont change a thing.  If you are on the fence, you know my opinion of the last few. let me add that I have liked ...Justice from day 1, (some haters claim they dont like it) and I would not even be interested if I didn't love the first 3 (RTL is still my favorite), and if your opinion on those albums is close to mine, I say pick this album up, and give it a listen, I think you will probably enjoy it.    my only real disapointment was that I had to drive to best buy, since I couldn't purchase it via download here!
1567184855|5.0|I've never read anything about where we go between lives. Now the question is answered and it is astounding!!! This book will give you answers, hope, and will make you really think about how you are doing in your life. Read the next one too.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Since 1996 Metallica was dead. This album  is the sequel of the Black Album. They're back to Heavy Metal, or better, back to f...ing Thrash Metal and this will be a good thing for Megadeth. Hey mr. Mustaine, this album is cooler than your United Abominations. Good luck next time. And please don't call your next album something like \\"Megadethmagnetic\\". Great year for Thrash Metal: Metallica, Destruction, Testament, etc, all brand new classics. If you like Heavy Metal, buy Death Magnetic.
0385335989|5.0|Great Book once you get through the first 100 pages or so, then I couldn't put it down.  The love between these two characters (Jamie and Claire) is amazing.
1569382603|5.0|Excellent documentary about lost civilizations. It would be so good to have this set in a DVD format. we can appreciate some of the world history and culture in order to associate it with alien contac. Why not ?
0452289963|4.0|The Author does a good job with his easy read format. This is a book for someone to reflect on over and over again. A good tool for a Therapist to recommend to her clients.
0792840461|4.0|Very good film made many years ago. The story and the musical theme are good. Nowadays, there is a new version on DVD and cinema for this story but I prefere the first one.
031606792X|4.0|i agree with some of the things yall have written. this book wasnt written as strongly as it could have been. it lacked the depth i expected. i enjoyed the series though ... because i read for the joy of reading and enjoyed the concept. this book could have been the best but you're right the problem began early on. i fell it began with the second book. it was much too short. could have contained a lot of book 3. an then book 3 could have had a lot of book 4 in it. this would not have stopped you from wanting to read the next one. if she had done this then she could have made this book better by adding more character info and depth to it. but there was no way with the book being the last and her trying to add so much into it as it was. i had hopped for more but in the end i was glad i read it.     i dont think she was cramming having babies young down ppl's throats. (im 26 and have a 1 &  2 year old) i actually felt that the \\"get married before sex\\" was the message. not that im agianst that. im all for waiting in general. but i pictured ppl being upset about that part. not the getting pregnant right after marriage. i was married at 21, to a man who i began dating when i was 16, so i know that realistically it can happen and be a GOOD thing if done right. anyways, motherhood isnt as bad as yall seem to feel it is. lol. i think it was less her trying to say that this is how it should go and more about her trying to tie up all the lose ends. she just tried too hard to make it naturally fall into place that it seemed anything but natural.     im disappointed that the other book wont be finished though. just because id like to see edward's point of view. i would still have read this book knowing that it felt like something was missing because i wanted to know how the series ended. and i do really like this series overall. i read all 4 books in 1.5 wks because they drew me in and because they got a bit addicting. BUT the movie does look like a disappointment. bella's actorseems to be terrible... and all the characters are wierd looking... i guess im used to seeing 'Angel' as the *new* vampire.
B000022TSV|5.0|Excellent performance by all the actors and opera singers. It was a very good idea to transport the classic opera into a movies version. This adaptation is not new, nevertheless, is a masterpiece for all times. Congratulations !
B00192KCQ0|5.0|In my opinion this is the best Metallica´s album ever! St. Anger was predicting something real strong ahead, when they changed all their ways of recording and making their music going back to the womb it came but never forgetting who they are and how clever and clear-headed they became.  All I can say is that what I heard in Death Magnetic is all the furious yougness of Kill'em All or Master of Puppets added to the uncomparable rhythm of Black Album. They were able to make somthing that I was looking for in the band since late 80´s. I mean it is the most mature album.  THANK YOU LARS, THANK YOU JAMES, THANK YOU KIRK, THANK YOU ROBERT, CLIFF AND JASON.   Without your music I'm pretty sure my life won't be as good and healthy as it is today.
B000059LGC|5.0|Excellent performance by all the great and so known actors. A masterpiece after the Agatha Christie's novel not only for the technical production, (sets, locations, photography) but also for the music and all the talent of the great stars joined here by the first time like P. Ustinov, B. Davies, M. Farrow, M. Smith, D. Niven and G. Kennedy. We can remebre all of them for all times. I think this film is a treasure and a tribute at the same time. A classic film for a good expert in mystery movies.
B00005AWMF|5.0|Sade and I go a way back. Her music helped me through some rough times fifteen years ago. Times are much better for me now and but I still love her music. She and Thom Yorke are the only artists that get five stars on my iPod. ;-)    Eat your hearts out Ludwig van Beethoven (you old cranky bastard) and Herbert von Karajan. I wish I could tell Sade how much her music meant to me.
B000AYEL1A|5.0|I remember the first time I watched this film on cinema. A special feeling was inside my heart after watching it, perhaps love, emotion or sadness because of the story. This film was so famous in the 70s not only for the main actress B. Straisand but also for the main song \\"Evergreen\\". Don't miss it for your DVD private collection and enjoy it as I do.
B000001F9E|3.0|Jailbreak was the album that broke Thin Lizzy in America. Most of us recall the first single from that album \\"The Boys Are Back In Town\\". I have often wondered why they didn't achieve a higher level of success, and with the untimely death of frontman Phil Lynott, we will never know if they could have become as famous as, oh, lets say Aerosmith - another band with twin lead guitarists.    Standout tracks on this album are the title track, \\"Jailbreak\\" (great guitar work on this one and a nice riff as well), \\"Warriors\\" (a blistering guitar solo in the middle that will make your ears bleed), the afore mentioned first single \\"The Boys Are Back In Town\\" (great hook in the chorus), and \\"Emerald\\" (an Irish war chant?? listen to those pounding drums). There are also several tracks that just don't seem to fit with the concept of this album. \\"Angel From The Coast\\", \\"Running Back\\", and \\"Romeo And The Lonely Girl\\", all seem to be in the vein of a torch song - lonely hearts and lost loves. What does that have to do with the concept of interstellar freedom fighters, but then perhaps the concept here was more in the minds of the record company executives than those of the band. \\"Cowboy Song\\" is another stand out track with good guitar work and a chance for Phil to stretch his singing abilities, but again - how does this fit into the concept? \\"Fight Or Fall\\" is another track that seems a little out of place. I think it may be Lynott's attempt at the Soul/R&B genre (Phil was biracial if you remember). It's not a bad song, but it seems out of place here. Bottom line on this one is if you liked \\"The Boys Are Back In Town\\" then go ahead and buy this CD. You won't likely be dissapointed.
0380713802|1.0|From reading the numerous glowing reviews, I guess it is just me.  I was bored silly with Bryson's \\"Neither Here Nor There,\\" and after just 70 pages ended up skimming the rest to see if it got better.  It didn't and I cut my losses and gave up.  Normally I like books by humorists, but Mr. Bryson's humor seems labored and deliberate; basically he hits you over the head with his cliche'd descriptions.  I found some of his experiences unbelievable and perhaps he asked for some of the treatment by his manner, attitude, who knows?    I have read Dave Barry and howled, David Sedaris and doubled over trying not to embarrass myself in public by screaming with laughter.  Mr. Bryson is not my type of humorist.  I guess my impression of this book is that he took a trip back, with a chip on his shoulder and really didn't enjoy it at all.  Why are we supposed to???
B0014DFCMS|5.0|Juno is the story of a sixteen year old girl who gets pregnant and decides to give the child up for adoption to a couple that can't have kids. This is one of those movies that doesn't really fit into a category. It's a quirky dramedy with a dialogue style that's somewhat reminiscent of the Gilmore Girls.    I'd be remiss if I didn't start with the music. The opening song was what initially hooked me on the movie. After listening to the soundtrack and re-watching the movie this second time, I was awed by how well the music fits the movie. Nothing is out of place and I can't imagine anything else working in any of the places. The dialogue itself has a musical quality. There is a very unique cadence to the dialogue and especially to Juno's words. It's very hip and referential, and it fits with the tone of the movie perfectly. It's slightly more upbeat when things are less intense, but definitely mellowed out for the more serious moments.    In most movies today you know exactly what you're going to get when you start to watch, and I'd wager your expectations are typically lowered going in. You knew what you were getting and the best movies surprise you and exceed your expectations.  I really don't know how I got interested in this movie. When it came out I knew I wanted to see it, but I couldn't really remember seeing any of the trailers. All I knew was it looked funny and it was about a teenage girl who gets pregnant. As a result, I went into this movie like Stevie Wonder. While watching for the first time, I didn't know what to expect. With this second viewing I know I laughed a lot harder than the first time. I'd attribute that knowing what to expect and it still surprising me. The first time, I thought the scenes with Jennifer Garner and Jason Bateman didn't really fit; but now I see the \\"BBC Office\\" like style of awkwardness that makes those scenes great.    I watched the blu-ray of this and it is identical to the 2-disc special edition release. There are six featurettes that aren't included on the regular release and a second disc that contains a digital copy of the film for portable devices (though I haven't checked it out yet). The picture quality is great. This is one of those films that is grainy in the theatres and this is a reproduction of that. The special features are your standard deleted scenes, outtakes, and making-of stuff. Nothing special here.    I loved this movie; I can't recall all the new movies I saw last year, but this is the best one I remember. For an ex-stripper the writer, Diablo Cody, did a fantastic job with a script that I think everyone can enjoy.
B0001GMIOE|4.0|Works just fine, allows a decent number of shots.  I bought an extra battery to go with my BG2 grip and 40D.  With two batteries you can shoot for quite a while.
0439813786|5.0|Really excellent. I loved it as much as my 11-yr old grandson. I even went to the website mentioned in the back of the book to find out about the REAL automaton invention, and included the printed copy with the gift of the book. Very interesting.
0439813786|5.0|Couldn't stop reading once I picked it up - took the book with me as I went thru the day and people noticed it and wanted to know what it was about - these were mostly adults!    As a Children's and Teen Librarian I vow in the Fall of 2008 to have a Book Club for this book (me and how many other thousand librarians?!!)    If anyone has some ideas I would appreciate your input.    Sorry Brian Selznick for not directly commenting on the book - it is WONDERFUL and I am your newest fan!
0385751532|2.0|A sappy story that tries to denounce the absurdity of the Holocaust by looking at it through the eyes of two children that, despite being as involved as children could be, cannot even begin to comprehend the situation. This book is really quite lame for adult reading;  it never made me care enough about any of the characters.  I think the right audience is probably kids in their early teens. Problem is, kids in their early teens probably don't know much about the Holocaust, so a portrayal from a child's view that can't even say Führer or Auschwitz properly is surely not going to help them understand. (The use of words by Bruno like \\"Fury\\" or \\"Out-With\\" to refer to those also didn't make a lot of sense to me, particularly because Bruno speaks German, not English.) I was gifted this book and had been told it was being praised by critics, but found it to be a total letdown.
B000E1ZBGS|1.0|Wow, what can I say that hasn't already been said by so many disappointed viewers. Knightly plays Lizzy like some rude, self-absorbed teenager. I think a majority of the people that loved this movie must be under the age of 21 or something (Note that I said a majority and not all). This is really nothing like the real Pride and Prejudice--why did the director even bother--just to make a name for himself by directing a classic in his own stylized way? Wow, I am still in shock at the liberties the screewriter and director took with this novel--it's really quite awful! Please read the book before you defend this film as being an accurate adaptation of P&P!
082221718X|1.0|I did not get the product I wanted due to a lack of photo.  The description did not tell me that the book I was purchasing was in play format.  I wish to return the book.
B0017ANAZY|4.0|\\"The Women\\" is the film \\"Sex and the City\\" wishes it was. There are some distinct similarities: both are about a group of female friends living in New York; both feature quirky main characters; both tackle relationship and fidelity issues; both look at life through a very witty filter (mostly to a fault). But \\"The Women\\" is the superior film, and that's only partly because of its much more tolerable sense of humor; the characters in this film are examined maturely, allowing us to see them as more than shallow, artificial caricatures. I actually felt something for these women. I cared about them and wondered what would happen to them. While not faithful to either George Cukor's 1939 film or the original play by Clare Boothe Luce, this new film is a delight from beginning to end, and it plays true to its title by not featuring a single male character.    The plot mainly focuses on fashion designer Mary Haines (Meg Ryan), who, in addition to being fired by her own father, discovers that her well-known husband, Stephen, is having an affair with Crystal Allen (Eva Mendes), a perfume saleswoman from Saks Fifth Avenue. Standing by Mary is her best friend, magazine editor Sylvia Fowler (Annette Benning), who had already heard about the affair through a gossipy manicurist (Debi Mazar). Sylvia, as it turns out, is having problems of her own; her magazine isn't selling as well as it used to, meaning she's inches away from being fired. Desperate to keep her career alive, she sells Mary's high-profile story to a tabloid writer (a cameo by Carrie Fisher), which, as you might expect, threatens to destroy their friendship. She's no longer sure she can trust anyone, and this includes her other two friends, writer Alex Fisher (Jada Pinkett Smith), and the ever-pregnant Edie Cohen (Debra Messing).    Would this story be better or worse if male characters were included? Chances are it would be worse, simply because male/female relationship stories are a dime a dozen. What makes \\"The Women\\" unique is that it forces the main character to analyze her situation from an entirely feminine perspective. A man--be it her husband, a friend, a brother, or even a stranger--is not there to influence her one way or another. Think about all the recent romantic comedies in which the male leads inevitably profess their undying love for the female co-stars: every scene like that is always so contrived, so out of touch with anything realistic or even plausible. No such scene exists in \\"The Women.\\" Through the support of her friends, the wisdom of her mother (Candice Bergen), the loyalty of her housekeeper (Cloris Leachman), and an awful lot of soul searching, Mary has to determine on her own whether or not she wants to take her husband back. The question is: Does he want to be taken back? Is he still in love with her, or has he moved on?    An interesting subplot focuses on the relationship between Mary and her eleven-year-old daughter, Molly (India Ennenga), who often feels unheard and misunderstood. She doesn't appreciate her mother's meaningless assertions that everything will be all right. Clearly, it won't be. She misses the love her parents shared, a love that always put an extra bounce in her mother's step. And like many young girls growing up in Western society, she believes she fat (even though she's anything but). Mary, consumed with her own problems, fails to notice the warning signs her daughter is giving off. So imagine her surprise when she learns that Molly is turning to Sylvia for advice--Sylvia, a childless woman who threw her best friend to the wolves. The confrontation between her and Mary is an interesting scene, not only because it's heartfelt and humorous at the same time, but also because of the way it's constructed; they defend themselves at the start, but by the end, one knows exactly where the other is coming from. If only all disagreements could end that way.    On a women's retreat, Mary meets an agent named Leah Miller (another cameo byBetter Midler). As they share a joint in their cabin, Leah reveals her secret to living life: Be selfish. Don't care about what others want. The sooner you ask, \\"What do I want?\\" the sooner you'll be content. I can't say whether or not Mary takes this idea to heart, given how she really feels about her husband. What I can say is that the women of \\"Sex and the City\\" followed it to a tee. Rarely have I seen characters so shallow, so annoying, so lacking in redeeming qualities.    Thank goodness \\"The Women\\" goes in a much different direction. The pleasure of watching this movie comes from knowing that writer/director Diane English added depth to the characters. Granted, some were given more attention than others; Jada Pinkett Smith and Debra Messing weren't given much screen time, which is disappointing considering the narrative potential of their characters. This is especially true of Messing's character, the eccentric Edie, who announces early on that she'll keep getting pregnant until she has a boy (she already has three daughters). Wouldn't it be fun if she were the best friend instead of Sylvia? Or what about Smith's character, Alex, made openly gay for this modernized version? Both characters come dangerously close to being extraneous. Maybe it would have been better if the story focused on two friends instead of four. Be that as it may, \\"The Women\\" is a charming, well-acted, well-plotted film--about the most fun you'll have in a male-free environment.
0143038419|5.0|This book was great to read and the price was great as well. The shipping  was quick and the book was in better shape then noted.
0316042994|4.0|I loved the Masterpiece Theater production of Brideshead Revisited quite a few years ago.  I made the mistake of seeing the latest film version and was aghast.   I did not have a copy of the book, and Amazon came immediately to the rescue!  Reading the book not only brought back the wonderful experience of the PBS version with its magnificent performances, but it was a terrific read as well. May D
B00192KCQ0|5.0|This album is great! its what we all expected after either the black album or reload because it still carries that heavy sound but its definately no \\"Justice\\" or \\"Puppets\\" but if you were happy with anything before St anger then this is a masterwork. I dont know about all this bad sound and bad sound production nonsense, but Rick Rubin is a great producer and can pull any band back out of a lull. GREAT ALBUM GREAT SOUND!!!!! BUY IT!!!!!!
B0010X745K|5.0|I was dead set on giving this 4 stars at least to begin with. But that well deserved, point blank, bullet to the dome did it for me. That is exactly how I feel about people like that. I love this movie to death for that one scene alone. I rewind it about 60 times before I let the flick finish. I love that scene! Highly recommended!!!
1596680296|5.0|I wish I had had this book when I knit my first pair of socks. The instructions are clear and the author explains sock construction. Nice patterns for every skill level. I recommend it for all sock knitting levels.
B000021XR5|5.0|Amazingly, this album was released in 1999, after grunge had come and gone and was replaced by boybands, rap and hip-hop.  But it is Grungy, with a capital \\"G\\".  Most of the tracks are good and dark.  The exceptions only make these more apparent.  \\"Sour Girl\\" and \\"I Got You\\" are definitely more in the pop area, with Beatle-inspired lines.  \\"Glide\\" soars a little into the psychedelic.  The last track, \\"Atlanta\\", could have been a Doors song, lyrically and musically.  The rest are all needle-in-the-arm, glorious grunge.  And it's all good.  Actually, the album is worth the price for just the first and last tracks.  \\"Down\\" is STP at their grungiest, and \\"Atlanta\\" is one of the most real and touching rock ballads I have ever heard.<br /><br />Too often STP has been dismissed as a \\"pop\\" band,  undeserving of the respect given to Nirvana and Pearl Jam.  But let's face it.  Any band that achieves commercial success is a pop band.  As Scott Weiland once said (I'm paraphrasing something I read), \\"The Beatles were a pop band, so what's wrong with that?\\"  I agree, Scott.  I totally agree.
B000059H98|4.0|This is seriously the best movie ever made!    Well, maybe not.  But it is one of the most fun.  You can't go wrong with Tank Girl.  Minus one star for the DVD for those of us who remember the laserdisc.  When are they going to release a special edition?
0671449028|5.0|This book is ideal for infants and toddlers. It is well illustrated and the wording holds their attention with its lyrical flow.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Ok, I will say I was worried because the sound quality on the stuff I heard on youtube sucked, then I hear a few people on hear talk about the CD quality. I bought the CD and BAM, there aren't any complaints here. I must say this ranks up there with anything they have done. So far I like this one better than the black album, but time will tell. You have to really listen to a CD before you compare it to Master of Puppets and Justice. I have a good feeling they have made a great turn in thier lives and hope they continue this present trend. HAIL METALLICA!!!
B00009AOBI|4.0|I remember seeing 'Mask' on cable many years ago, but I never felt it was deep enough to be considered a great movie. This version on the special edition has restored the Springsteen sound track and some very important scenes to make this film a much more poignant experience. Cher, Stoltz, Elliott and Dern are all believable in this tragic story of the deformed youth.<br /><br />Stoltz who played one of Jeff Spicoli's stoner buds in 'Fast Times At Ridgemont High' and a hilarious role as Lance in 'Pulp Fiction' shows a lot of talent hidden under a ton of make-up. The DVD transfer look very good, but I noticed some softness in certain scenes. The short documentary does explain the differences in the theatrical version and this one that ended up hidden away until now. It's well worth checking out and is a much better film.
B001CD6FKI|5.0|So the cynical critics dumped on this movie, and ripped it because they said it lacked plot, character, was too long, etc.  Sure, it was a little silly at times - but its based on a cartoon that was a little silly at times.  Come on - did you really \\"love\\" the last few Academy Award \\"Best Pictures,\\" like \\"No Country for Old Men,\\" or \\"The Departed,\\" on some deep personal level.  No you didn't.  But if you remember coming home after school and watching Speed Racer the cartoon on the local UHF station on your parent's RCA color tv when you were five or six, you will probably love this movie.  Brilliant movies reach you on some deeper emotional level - connecting you with something deep in your gut or past, like those songs that remind you of your feelings, sights, and sounds of a specific night years ago.  Well, that qualifies this movie as brilliant.  If you don't have that kind of nostalgia, then buy this movie to test the limits of your HD TV.  There is so much eye popping high def. candy going on in this movie it takes repeat viewings to catch it all.
1603420398|5.0|I have been crocheting for quite a while now, and have accumulated many books. This one is very appealing to the eye. I love the spiral bound, it makes looking at a pattern book much easier. It's a very good read for a beginner as well as a pro. There are a lot of good tips, and suggestions on color, and stitch change.    Very useful book!
1401207510|1.0|THE AMAZING THING ABOUT THIS BOOK AND ALL THE REVIEWS IS THAT YOU WOULD THINK THAT THIS STORY WAS MORE THAN WHAT IT REALLY IS. AN ABSOLUTE WASTE PERIOD. ALAN MOORE REP IS BASED ON HIS PAST. THE FIRST LEAGUE STORY AS INTERESTING AS IT WAS HAD IT'S RED FLAGS. AS MOORE CONTINUED THE SERIES HIS PERVERTED THOUGHTS JUST GREW AND GREW. ALL THESE REVIEWERS WOULDN'T LET THEIR KIDS COME ANYWHERE NEAR THESE BOOKS. EVEN EMMA PEEL ( YES THAT EMMA WITHOUT STEED ) IS RUINED IN THIS STORY THAT ENDS IN A MESS. AN INTERESTING IDEA BURIED IN THE GROUND. AND OF COURSE DC COMICS CONTINUES TO BE ACCUSED OF BURNING MR. MOORE WHO CONTINUES TO RECEIVE HIS CHECKS. IF DC HAD NOT SAID NO TO USING THE CHARLTON HEROES HIS MASTERPIECE THE WATCHMEN WOULD NEVER HAVE COME INTO BEING, WHICH IS WHAT HE IS REMEMBERED FOR MOST OF ALL. ON THE OTHER SIDE FOR ALL YOU CRYERS I'M SURE WHEN THIS BOOK IS OUT OF PRINT AND IS SELLING FOR DOUBLE YOU ALL WON'T BE COMPLAINING SO LOUD THAT YOU BOUGHT IT. NO IT WILL BE ALL THE ONES WHO DIDN'T BUY IT THAT WILL.
B0018CWEYY|5.0|The fourth Season of LOST was almost 'lost' due to the writers strike. After that ended the writers, actors, directors and everyone else that works on this fantastic show rallied up together once more and delivered us a second half of a season for the ages! Simply awesome. I think for the first time on the show, you can kind of see where this show is heading... but with still all the mystery surrounding the island!     I think the price of the set should be like $30 though. Not nearly as many episodes as other seasons, but there will still be tons of extra features to hold us over etc. and I'll still be buying the set either from here or another store on release date!    Season 4 of LOST is the GREAT!!!
B0019FOC5E|5.0|This is the most wonderful music! Loved the movie, immediately bought the CD and put it on my Ipod. It is addictive music and you won't be able to get any sleep because you will sing the songs in your head all night long!
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Best part of this album is the length of the songs. Not one song is shorter than 6 minutes except for one. We've got an instrumental that's over 9 minutes long, some great singles on this album as well. Definitely better than St. Anger.<br /><br />The only thing about this album I do not like, is the songs for the most part are kind of all over the place. You think you are hearing a melody, and then all of the sudden the song gets messy and you don't have a clue where it is going.<br /><br />I honestly don't know how you would play these on the radio because of their length unless edited down.<br /><br />Overall though, this is an album that is clearly for the fans. They have implented everything I've been reading on the blogs fans have wanted for years to hear. Also, the disk is cheap as hell being 9-10 dollars in most places.<br /><br />Highly recommend B+ for sure.
B000JK8OYU|4.0|It's a fun ride since you already know all the songs, and here's this over-the-top mixing, \\"enhancing\\" elements you knew were there, and putting some earlier Beatles within the context of the great psychedelic classics.  If anyone was qualified to undertake a project like this, it was George Martin.  It's a great mix-and-match medley of Beatles songs that, in my opinion, gets better as the cd continues.  It's cool to listen to him (Martin) create this sound collage, and you get the feeling he wasn't taking things too seriously as he did it - though it's a piece of work in itself - and fun to pick out pieces that you'll recognize from all over the place in these re-worked, re-mixed songs.   Besides being re-psychedelicized, the sound is incredibly clear..  hmmm, heightened clarity - and the Beatles?  Sounds about right!
B0011QC9U6|5.0|This movie is really good, and seeing it in superior HD makes it even more enjoyable. The DC of the movie is just more blood and guts, so I can't say its superior to anything the regular version has to offer...minus the visuals of course.<br /><br />I have to say though the movie experience that comes with this movie which is not available in the bluray version is fantastic. Again, its interesting how 8 months after bluray bought out Warner Bros. they still don't have all the features and niceidies that HDDVD had from day one. Still a crying shame but oh well.
0312995423|5.0|I can't imagine why there are so many bad reviews of this book.  The writing IMO was good, the dialogue and story were great!  It was a definite thriller for me, it had good plot twists, and had a good suspenseful War Games type of ending.  What more could you ask for?
B00192KCQ0|5.0|for nearly 20 years metallica has been missing! \\"the real metallica\\" ...and justice for all metallica, ride the lightning metallica, and master of puppets metallica, dont get me wrong all cds after that were not awfull but they fall short of the classic's. the real metallica is home, and they brought us a gift \\"death magnetic\\". it is impressive and back to basics. if master of puppets and black album had a baby they would name it death magnetic! if you like load and re-load this cd is not for you, if you like st. anger, your ears should be ripped of and thrown in a river.      best rock cd to come out in the last 5-10 years....EASY!
031606792X|5.0|I loved the first half of the book and was intrigued by the whole  plot twist of the half vampire half human baby . I knew all along  through the other books that Bella was going to become a vampire  and I was dreading it . I think we did lose a bit of our beloved  klutzy \\"human\\" Bella but I also understand that its Stephenie Meyers  story to tell and this is how she has always envisioned it were told  in the begining in so many ways . Bella was never supposed to have lived  past high school in fact she was supposed to be killed that day  in the parking lot high school only Edward saved her .. As for the   baby Reneesme I would think that would be a fascinating character for  Meyers to write about in the future and I want Midnight Sun ( Edwards  point of view ) So Stephenie Meyers get over it already there are always  people who will take advantage of you just don't let your guard down  again but don't hurt your loyal fans.     All in all I gave the book 5 stars even though some things were not to   my personal taste and I missed alot of Edward and Bella interaction while  she was pregnant so I never quite understood what each was truly thinking .    In conclusion I highly recommend the entire series .. For anyone who  loves a good love story with alot of twists ..
B00005V9IK|3.0|Before superpowered crimefighting men in tights dominated the summer movie landscape, there were asteroids (Armageddon, Deep Impact), tornadoes (Twister), and giant lizards (Godzilla) destroying national landmarks that caused people to flock to their air-conditioned movie theaters in the summer months. But the film that seemingly started it all was 1996's Independence Day.     Directed by Roland Emmerich and produced by Emmerich and his partner (or in most cases, co-offender) Dean Devlin, the \\"masterminds\\" behind the so-so sci-fi film Stargate. While on the press junket for Stargate, they were questioned about their belief in aliens, which they responded that one day we may wake up to find alien spaceships in the sky. At that moment, the concept for their next film was born.    Some call Independence Day \\"the Star Wars of the 90's\\", but Independence Day lacks the religious mysticism and homages to Westerns and samurai films. What it does have is a love for old sci-fi B-movies like The Day the Earth Stood Still, movies made to be more fun than based in heady subtext or scientific fact.    The story takes place over the span of three days: July 2nd, July 3rd, and July 4th. The film begins on July 2nd with the ominous shadows of the invaders' massive spaceships slowly enveloping everything they pass, and we're introduced to a number of characters and their own storylines, so many that I might not be able to list them all here. You have President Whitmore (Bill \\"I'm Not Bill Paxton\\" Pullman), a former Gulf War fighter pilot whom the opinion polls are turning against for his seemingly ineffectiveness and lack of resolve. You have M.I.T. grad turned cable guy David Levinson (Jeff Goldblum) whom is still coping with his divorce and uncovers the aliens' secret plan. You have Air Force pilot Steven Hiller (Will Smith), who applies to be an astronaut but is rejected because of his relationship with his girlfriend, a stripper and single mom named Jasmine (Vivica A. Fox). Oh, and then there's Randy Quaid's Russell Casse, a Vietnam War veteran who spends his days in a drunken stupor, supporting his three children as a crop duster and recalling his own alien abduction. All of their destinies somehow intersect throughout the film as the extraterrestrials launch their attack,     The aliens attack on July 2nd, blasting blue-green rays of energy down on major cities around the world, causing tidal waves of fire that kill millions and leave the cities in flaming ruins. The Earth forces mount an aerial counterattack on July 3rd, but are vastly outnumbered and quickly overwhelmed by the swarm of technologically-advanced aliens, whom then take out most Army bases. Frustrations mount as it becomes more and more apparent that the aliens seem unstoppable. The remaining American forces retreat to the modern-day mythical Area 51, where they organize one final strike at the aliens on July 4th.    Many of the characters are stock and cliche, like the science whiz no one wants to listen to but who is always right, or the trigger-happy government suit whose only response to a problem seems to involve firing all available weaponry at the enemy despite the repeated failure of said weaponry. (Emmerich and Devlin are known for falling back on these very cliches in their other movies, as evidenced by their Independence Day follow-up Godzilla), and several of the plot points seem highly contrived and unlikely. A simple computer virus being compatible with advanced alien technology seems ridiculous, so the possibility that said computer virus being capable of taking down technologically-advanced alien force fields is even more ridiculous, and that's saying a lot when you're talking about a movie about an alien invasion. But the special effects are the real stars here (though some shots do look noticibly green-screened if you look closely), and the underdog story of outgunned and outmatched Earth forces taking on a seemingly invincible alien threat is a crowd pleaser. And you can't help but cheer a little bit when poor Russell Casse gets his revenge. This is probably the best film by Emmerich and Devlin to date, something that doesn't look to be changing anytime soon.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|I have semi-patiently been waiting for this album to be realeased for quite some time. And I must say, it was worth its wait. I am a lifetime Metallica fan and will always appreciate their music no matter what their \\"sound\\" is.     Death Magnetic offers some of Metallica's finest playing. This album shows that they definitely have NOT gotten slower with age. They display some of the fastest and heaviest playing heard on any of their previous albums. I love all 10 tracks. While I'm not going to rate each song for you because only you will determine whether you like their songs or not; personally I'd rate all their songs from \\"very, very good\\" to \\"f----n' excellent!\\".    I even think you narrow-minded individuals out there (those who absolutely refuse to like anything other than Kill, Lightning, Puppets, and Justice) might take some liking to Death Magnetic. They've incorporated much of their old style into their new style. The playing is fast, the sound is thick, the lyrics are good, and the beat is catchy. You'll find yourself rockin' your head from start to finish; something I didn't catch myself doing very much on St Anger or even Load or Re-load (though I do like these albums very much).     All in all, the album is great. And if the ratings are of any consulation, Metallica hit it out of the park with this album! Off to go listen to it some more!
B000W0IEII|5.0|seriously people, we're talking about one of the greatest American novels of all time.  'nuff said.
0716748789|5.0|Product was as expected, but the shrink-wrap was too tight and so the cover was bent slightly. Overall smooth transaction.
B00092ZMDY|5.0|I was very very happy with this dvd, I just wish they had it on blu ray. I love the fact that they really pack a lot of music in on this 2 dvd set and extras as well. A must have for any eagles fan!!!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Nothing Could ever be better than KILL THEM ALL album, but this one is as close as it COULD POSSIBLY GET!  IT IS EXTREME!!!!! I LOVE IT!!!
B001EN71DQ|1.0|I have waited for years for this collection to be released, and I am totally disappointed by the fact that the only thing new in this collection is the box to hold the three discs...  How about adding the deleted scenes to the original movies and create something new for the fans to enjoy, Mr. Lucas?  With the practically new Episode 4 you produced, I don't think this would be too much for your fans to take!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|Im tired of reading and hearing ppl complain about the production and The Clipping(Which really isnt all that bad,most wont even notice).Death Magnetic IS the BEST album they have offered since Justice.Granted the hooks that are in the Black album arent there,But Musically this album is the best since Justice.James's voice is sounding the best it has in 15 Years and that shows even in the recent LIVE performances Ive seen.Im am very greatful for this album.Stand out tracks are \\"This Was Just Your Life (7:08) , \\"The End Of The Line (7:52),\\"Broken,Beat & Scarred\\" (6:25),\\"All Nightmare Long\\" (7:57) & \\"The Judas Kiss\\" (7:59).If you own it and dont like it give it to someone who will appreciate what Metallica has done,and thats pull off an album so great that even some of the most \\"Die Hard\\" fans of old are coming back to Metallica.
B00192KCQ0|5.0|[EDIT- 9/2/10: Originally in 2008, I had rated this CD \\"only\\" 4 stars, as for whatever reason, it felt sort of off to give Death Magnetic a full 5 star review, given a few issues I had with it.  Even though I still stand by my assessment of those flaws, the fact that almost 2 years later, the songs still consistently find their way into my playlist (for a while, it was the semi-regular soundtrack to my commute a year after its release) requires me to change this to a \\"5 stars with a qualification\\" rating!]     There's no doubt that Metallica is one of the most influential metal bands out there, along with Iron Maiden, Judas Priest, and a handful of others.  Starting with the raw, street-level thrash/speed metal of \\"Kill 'Em All\\", Metallica raised the stakes with the more epic and polished \\"Ride the Lightning\\", and created a bona fide masterpiece with \\"Master of Puppets\\", which managed to be incredibly brutal yet melodic.  1988's \\".....And Justice For All\\" saw the band attempt to merge the ambitions of progressive rock with a sort of ultra-technical brand of thrash, and surprisingly enough, yielded their first hit single. When they released their self-titled 1991 album, Metallica made a conscious break from the frantic and dense structures of their prior efforts in favor of a much more radio-friendly, arena-metal sound.  While it made the band incredibly successful and popular, it also was the first sign of trouble for many fans.  While \\"Metallica\\" (aka the Black Album)could boast great production and tight (if somewhat mainstream) songwriting, 1996's \\"Load\\" was, for many, a kick in the gut.  While the album was promoted as containing as much music as a CD could hold, too much of it was filler, and the music itself was often incredibly unambitious.  Songs that started as promising would end up flogging the same 2 riffs to death for far too long, while other songs were filler tracks that were dead on arrival.  The new \\"bluesy hard rock\\" twist on Metallica's approach to metal was applied in a rather sloppy and undeveloped fashion, something that continued in \\"Reload\\", 1997's companion piece to \\"Load\\".  While both albums did have some decent singles fodder and some \\"experimental\\" songs that were not half-bad (yes, I did actually like \\"Mama Said\\"), the overall results weren't good.  Metallica continued to buy time with their \\"Garage, Inc.\\" covers compilation, and the live orchestral \\"S&M\\" CD, until 2003, when \\"St. Anger\\" was released amidst promises of a \\"return to form\\".  The energy was there, but everything else went painfully and horribly wrong, and the CD has been gathering dust in my collection since the first couple of listens. Suffice it to say that after St. Anger, I would no longer buy a Metallica CD on pure faith.    Lars and those other guys must have been reading my mind, because they actually put up the full songs in streaming format on their website right before the launch of \\"Death Magnetic\\", allowing me to judge for myself.  And you know what?  I bought it as soon as I could, because \\"Death Magnetic\\" is their best album in years, finally following up on the tease of a return to form I heard in their 1998 \\"Mercyful Fate\\" medley (on \\"Garage Inc.\\").  While the end result shows that Metallica wasn't lying this time about the quality of their new release, it does show them to be liars in a different way.  Namely, Metallica tried to justify their mid-90's direction by claiming they were \\"playing more naturally\\", thus requiring them to be much more simplistic and sloppy.    The thing is that \\"Death Magnetic\\" shows that they could've been more organic than \\"...Justice\\", yet still interesting and ambitious.  On songs like \\"End of the Line\\", \\"Load\\"-era groove and swagger will inundate one riff, only to have the band suddenly kick into a \\"Master of Puppets\\"-inspired tight and heavy barking gallop.  Indeed, vocals that are reminiscent of 1990s Metallica (and occasionally \\"St. Anger\\"), but more energetic, can be found layered ontop of song structures that recall past songs such as \\"No Remorse\\" and \\"One\\".  Guitar harmonies simply abound throughout this album, sometimes even evoking Iron Maiden.  \\"Cyanide\\" rides on a groovy flow that would be at home on \\"Load\\", with a \\"Black\\"-album catchy melody, but seemlessly incorporates a much more complex song-structure midway through.  And while other reviews indicated that \\"Suicide and Redemption\\", Metallica's first new instrumental since 1988, was disappointing and repetitive, I'm not sure which song they were listening to, as it has plenty of variety, and hits hard.  The whole CD exudes a shockingly effortless and unlabored feel in general, given how hard Metallica tried to disassociate themselves from metal in general.    That being said, \\"Death Magnetic\\" occasionally stumbles, making what could've been a masterpiece merely a very good album.  The production is too dry for my tastes, and there are times when James Hetfield's voice is strained beyond capacity (such as the mid-point of \\"The Day That Never Comes\\").  While \\"The Unforgiven 3\\" is a good enough song (with a nice piano intro), a questionable \\"emotive\\" lyrical decision midway through the song reeks of cheesiness.  In addition, while the constantly shifting and syncopated riffs and beats keep things from becoming too repetitive, there are times when putting in a total shift in key for a few moments could've taken the music to a higher level.  The truth is that other bands, such as Rage and Blind Guardian, have been filling in admirably in Metallica's \\"absence\\", and have raised the bar (even if Metallica innovated first).  As a result, Metallica is at a bit of a disadvantage, despite the obvious effort they put forth.  But that's like complaining that the pretty Asian girl next door isn't Helen of Troy.  While \\"Death Magnetic\\" can't rise to the level of \\"Master of Puppets\\" (few bands ever can top their truly definitive album), it may well knock \\"...And Justice For All\\" or \\"The Black Album\\" out of their current spots, being less stiff and stilted than \\"Justice\\", and more complex and aggressive than \\"Black\\".    In the end, I can't help but recommend this album.  For the first time in a long while, my first listen to a new Metallica album was actually a fairly pure joy, where I didn't feel I had to self-justify enjoying any of it, or where I didn't cringe that often.  Get the album, crank \\"My Apocalypse\\", and you may actually find your head bobbing.  Sometimes people do deserve a second chance, and Metallica has re-earned my faith, at least for the time being.  Go buy yourself a Jaegerbomb, Lars.....you've earned it.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I loved this movie as a child and wondered if it would be as good as I remembered. I thought my 5 year old daughter would love it, so I bought it and was not disappointed. It's a classic hit for my house!
B00192KCQ0|5.0|There are some good bands around today if you look hard enough, but nothing can compete with pure, genuine thrash like it was meant to be played.  Death Magnetic provides that in healthy doses and is sure to please anyone who's been waiting for this day for 20 years.<br /><br />That Was Just Your Life and All Nightmare Long are definite highlights, although there really is very little to complain about.  The production value could be higher but I really think some production issues and slight grittiness adds to the authenticity without having anywhere near the impact on the overall sound as the \\"recorded in a small wooden closet\\" sound they were going for on St. Anger.  I also think the instrumental (Suicide and Redemption) is a little lackluster.  It isn't bad by any means but I don't think it's strong enough to compete with the rest of the disc without having James' vocals complementing the music.<br /><br />I suggest picking this up with Testament's new \\"Formation of Damnation\\" if you don't have it already.  These two discs along with listens to some great modern day bands with their roots in thrash (The Haunted, Warbringer, Skeletonwitch) can go a long way towards convincing you that there's hope left for music after all.
0486464504|5.0|I actually purchased this edition and another later edition. Both are valuable and easy to locate your grammar subjects of interest. I have one at home and another at work. I'm in the process or writing a book; that I hope to sell here on Amazon.  The name of my forth coming novel:  THE ROCK OF NEREID.<br /><br />Vincent J. Arcuri
B00192KCQ0|4.0|Okay, here's the deal.  This blog is going to be a review of the new Metallica album, Death Magnetic.  First off, let me say that I'm not a professional reviewer, nor am I going to attempt a technical yet poetic meditation on the virtues and failings of the collection of songs released on compact disc and 5-LP vinyl limited edition in 2008 by Metallica for commercial gain and personal edification.  What I am going to do is try to put into words how this new body of work makes me feel.       Okay, first a little background.  I was born in 1983.  That makes me 25 years old this year.  Metallica released their first album, Kill 'Em All, in 1983, although they existed as a group since 1981.  When Metallica was formed, James Hetfield and Lars Ulrich were only 17 years old.  Now, 27 years later, the duo have been a part of the group for nearly two-thirds of their lives.  That, coupled with the fact that they've been closely monitored by fans and the media nearly constantly since the early days, it should be easy to see that \\"Metallica\\" isn't just the name of the group, but is a phrase interchangeable with these two names, along with fellow musician Kirk Hammett, as inseperable as Siamese twins.  For the past quarter-century, Metallica's music has not always been consistent stylistically or even purposefully, but it has invariably been, probably more so than the work of any other band, an incisive and unmercifully candid look into the personal lives and philosophies of the band members.  As time goes on, the symbiotic relationship between Ulrich, Hammett, and Hetfield, and the intangible yet inescapable influence of the Metallica brand name and the meaning it's accumulated over the years becomes more and more complete, and the possibility that the band members can make something else of their lives apart from the band itself becomes less and less likely.  The way Bill Gates is eternally bound to the Microsoft brand name, these three men are legion in the minds of the masses.  Unlike actors who get typecast into roles which represent only a fraction of their talent, however, this singer, drummer, and guitarist control their own fate.  The will of the the brand name is guided by their own, not the other way around.  That's what a lot of reviewers of this new Metallica album have missed.  Metallica is a tool - a vehicle with which Hetfield, Ulrich, Hammett, and even newcomer Trujillo meaninfully and (arguably) successfully make their mark on the world.       Now, as for the album, it's fantastic.  On first listen-through, the parallels between this album and Ride the Lightning, Master of Puppets, ...And Justice For All, Metallica, and Saint Anger are clearly evident.  Each song has its clear relationships with past work, and the album as a whole sounds very nostalgic, very deja vu.  However, on successive listens, the album quickly begins to gain an identity of its own, different from the work that came before, but importantly, a sense of coherence and continuity with the past body of Metallica's work.  Thematically, Death Magnetic seems to be sort of a sequel to Saint Anger, the way, ultimately, each album has been a sequel to the last.  The point I was making earlier, that the band's life as a sum-but-also-somewhat-more of the lives of the band members being so close under the microscope of so many makes the music in total a very concise, very transparent look into the the minds and lives of the band members.  This baring of the musicians' souls in digital format, recorded on tracks and cut to tape, mastered, digitally encoded, laser recorded to CD, shipped out, and sold commercially is the most intimate relationship between fans and heroes I think the world has ever, or will ever see.  What's important here, at least to me, is that Metallica represents not just the four members of the Metallica organization, but the lives they've lived, and moreover, the lives lived by all the people around the same age at the time, and more-moreover, really, the lives of all people everywhere, ever.  The honesty, the purity of Metallica's music, more so than the lyrics, the technical precision or musical diversity of the writing or playing; it's not the what the album or even the whole body of work sounds like, but what it feels like that's important here.  What it feels like is redemption.       Death Magnetic is a return to form, in the best possible sense of the phrase.  It's a return to clean production, a return to heavy metal style, a return to the allowance of a personal voice for each member of the band.  It's a return to collaboration, a return to unity, and really a return to positive attitude.  It's not as good, in technical terms, as previous albums like Ride the Lightning or ...And Justice For All, but it runs with them.  It's not as meaningful, I suppose, as 'Justice or Metallica, at least not on its own.  It's not as original as Kill 'Em All, Ride the Lightning, or even Load/Reload, but what can you expect about that?  How can you be anyone other than yourself?  Some reviewers complain that the songs on this album sound too much like the work the band's already done.  I say, what do you expect them to sound like, when so many bands these days have been influenced by Metallica themselves?  But this album, judged completely on its own, is an utterly fantastic and eminently listen-toable work of art.  It's a technical, diverse, and heavy masterpiece of an album, as worthy and worthwhile a piece of music ever released by anyone in the history of art.       Having said all that, there's one more thing to think about here.  As a follow-up to Saint Anger, Death Magnetic also serves another purpose.  It represents yet another step in the life of the band and the lives of the band members.  Although I admit I don't know all the lyrics yet, all the songs seem to follow (a la the good ol' days) a common thread: redemption.  Where Ride' was about death and 'Justice was about justice, Master' was about freedom and Metallica was about truth, Death Magnetic is about coming back from the dead, about finding again what once was lost.  When seen individually, this message seems apropot enough on its own, but when viewed as a part of a body of work spanning 27 years, it takes on a much grander, much more personal meaning.  When viewed as a whole, Metallica's entire catalog, currently culminating with this poetic musical rebirth, this triumphant return from what seemed like an ailing legend of the modern era, seems like a endlessly and relentlessly complex but effective macrocosm, with no pieces out of place, of the original The Unforgiven.  This is what this entire review, really, is about - the realization, as I listened to The Unforgiven III that the musical trilogy concluded by this song is as autobiographical and personal as any song or album has ever been.  The realization, I realized as a lump rose in my throat, is that the song isn't just about Hetfield, Ulrich, Hammett, and Trujillo, but about all of us.  Hasn't every one of us lived an Unforgiven life?
