0385341008|3.0|There's a line in this story that claims if you read a challenging book, you'll never enjoy a lightweight book, again. I enjoyed the interesting presentation, the book is composed entirely of letters to or about the main charachter Juliet, but I'm afraid I would place it in the later category. It's a quick read, not too challenging; it's interesting enough, but not a very deep tale.  When I consider the subject matter, the Nazi occupation of Guernsey and how the residents responded, I expected something a little deeper.
0783219598|4.0|Based on Dick King-Smith's book [[ASIN:0435123084 The Sheep-Pig (New Windmills)]], a.k.a. [[ASIN:0669477400 Babe: The Gallant Pig (Next Steps Advanced Set 1)]], this is the story of a little pig who finds his place in life--and not as bacon.  Babe (voiced by Christine Cavanaugh) is the runt of his litter, which may be what saves him from slaughter: he's donated to a country fair as the subject and prize of a guess-its-weight contest and won by Arthur Hoggett (James Cromwell), a laconic fellow who slowly comes to feel that the little porker may be more than he seems.  Lonely for his litter-sibs, Babe is taken in by Fly (Miriam Margoyles), the farm's sheepdog bitch (rather against the better judgment of her drill-sergeant mate Rex (Hugo Weaving)), and raised as one of her pups.  It's Fly who explains the business of sheepherding to Babe, but it's Babe who makes friends with the old ewe Maa (Miriam Flynn)--dogs think sheep are too stupid to relate to as equals--and raises the alarm when a pair of sheep-rustlers and their dogs attempt to make off with Hoggett's flock.  He even saves the sheep from a trio of wild dogs.  Meanwhile he's begun to display a herding gift of his own, separating chickens in the farmyard by color, which is what first makes Hoggett wonder if a pig could be trained as a herder.  But when he learns the usual fate of pigs, it takes Hoggett, Rex, and Fly to save him before he can die of despair.  Then, entered into the sheepdog trials, he finds that the sheep he's supposed to herd refuse to talk to him.  How can he win the trial for Farmer Hoggett if he can't persuade them to move?    The animatronic work in this movie is delightful, and the animals come across as definite individuals--even some of the sheep (and the dogs are right--domestic sheep are pretty brainless).  There's even a trio of mice who sing in falsetto!  I'm not sure where in the British Commonwealth the story is set (it was filmed in New Zealand), but even American viewers shouldn'thave any trouble getting involved in it and understanding what's going on.  A great family film about family, faith, and the importance of following your star.
1597801585|2.0|I gave it two stars, rather than one, because the writer does have a vivid imagination.    Unfortunately, the book is mostly left wing propaganda against genetically modified foods and corporations.  The science in it is foolish.
0060001941|5.0|Many of us read about Francie Nolan and her life 100 years ago growing up poor in Brooklyn when we were young ourselves. Try it now as an adult. Although the writing is at times a little stilted and too often we are told things instead of shown them, the spirit of Francie and her practical and hardworking mother and her dreamer of a never-do-well father comes through. Some scenes are absolutely delightful: Papa taking Francie and her brother on a fishing trip or Aunt Sissy finally finding a way to get herself a baby. Other parts are poignant beyond words: Six-year-old Francie having to take her younger brother for their vaccinations before starting school or Francie finding that she must work instead of going to high school.
0375842209|3.0|Narrated by 'Death' and set in Germany during WWII, this tells the story of a young girl who learns to read - books, her host family, and her community - by stealing books.  Nicely done, good young-adult selection.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|While this is a good movie, this production Blu-ray/DVD Combo is AWFUL.  There is ONLY the movie on both discs.  Absolutely NO special features, not even on the Blu-ray where there is plenty of room.      Avoid this early money making rip off.  You will want to wait for a better version that has extra cool stuff that will probably cost about the same.    Avatar represents the second great propaganda film of the 21st Century.  The first was V-for Vendetta.  Every fantasy story about the evils of humans in the world is played out in vivid blue colors.  But since I LOVE propaganda films, I really enjoyed it for what it really is.      Sadly, the corporate crooks also ripped off everyone that bought this edition with no special features, theatrical release ONLY.
B002U6CJCO|4.0|Universal Soldier: Regeneration  This movie was fantastic. I found myself enjoying it more than the original. One major problem with this first movie was that Roland Emmerich seemed confused about whether they wanted  the Unisol's to be Terminators or something more. This movie get's it right. I love how the film focus on the traits of Uni soldiers against \\"normal\\" soldiers. And how they operate in real world situations with these special men. This movie had no comedy. It is a straight forward sci-fi action movie. For once a film maker has taken the Universal Soldier stories to better heights.
0061537969|5.0|This is a must read for every dog lover! It's a touching and inspiring story narrated by a dog named Enzo. He tells funny, and often sad, tales of his family from his perspective. When you think about it, a family dog hears lots of things that many people do not. After all, people will talk about anything in front of a dog! And, as Enzo says, dogs are great listeners - they don't interrupt, or make comments about what is being said. He also learns a lot from watching TV channels such as the Discovery and History Channels.<br /><br />Enzo's owner is a race car driver. Although I'm not a fan of racing, I appreciated Enzo's insights into the principles of racing and how they relate to life in general. I must warn you....there are emotional, heartbreaking moments that made me cry. But it sure made me look at my own dogs in a whole new light!
0312370849|5.0|Excellent book.  I was not aware of the role of France in the Holocaust.  I was also not aware of the savagery of the camps towards children.  The book was haunting.  I will never forget the book or man's inhumanity towards man.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Loved, Loved, Loved this movie!  I love Sandra Bullock and she did a wonderful job of portraying a terrific person and family!  So glad there are people who really do care about each other no matter what the race!  Why can't we all be this giving and loving!!
B000000OUJ|5.0|Liquid swords is the sophmore album by the GZA aka, the genius, and I must say that the GZA doesn't dissapoint with this album. Hailed by many to be the best solo album to come out of the Wu-Tang Clan. When I first heard of the Clan I was all about Method Man as my favorite rapper. Then one day as I was listening to 36 Chambers and I took the time to listen to each and every song, and I heard the GZA just dominate the song Clan In Da Front, with his layered rhymes and cool and precise flow I wanted more. Starting off the album is a lengthy piece of the film Shogun Assassin, which then leads right into the title track which features the GZA going solo and proclaiming that his style is too swift to bite and that his opponents \\"styles are old like mark 5 sneakers and lyrics are weak like clock radio speakers .\\" The next track Duel of the Iron Mic has ODB doing the chorus and features the GZA, Masta Killah and Inspectah Deck, I think that this is some of his best writing ever claiming that \\"I ain't particular, I bang like vehicular homicides until I fall from Bed-Stuy. Where money don't grow on trees and there's thievin MC's Who cut-throat to rake leaves. They can't breathe, blood splash, rushin fast like runnin rivers, I be that whiskey in your liver\\" Deck's verse ends the song strongly. Living in the World Today is another solo by the GZA which oddly features nothing about living in the world today as far as I can tell, maybe I am just not listening hard enough to the lyrics, you decide. Gold is a gritty tale of dealing on the streets, lyrically this song is amazing. The first time I listened to this song it metaphorically blew my mind, with lyrics like \\"pushed up on the block and made a dope sales drop like the crash in a DOW Jones stock\\" One of my favorite songs of all time. Cold World has the GZA and Deck rhyming about well a \\"Cold World\\". This is one of the most hypnotic beats that the RZA produced in my opinion with streetlife doing the vocals. The GZA even saidthat this wasn't his best writing not by a longshot, and that takes alot of confidence to say that about your own rhymes. Labels is the GZA with his A-Game if you ask me because he uses just about every record label ever in a single song. 4th Chamber features Ghostface, Killah Priest, RZA and the GZA, Leave it to RZA to rap about the most random things (I mean that in the best possible way) but he did have a standout verse with lyrics such as \\"six million devils just died from the bubonic flu or the ebola virus under the reign of King Cyrus you can see the weakness of a man right through his iris.\\" Shadowboxin' is a song that heavily features Method Man, To me Method has always been a good rapper with his hazy voice and mad flow that never fails to deliver. Killah Hills 10304 has by far the longest intro i have ever heard clocking at around 90 seconds. I'm sure that the RZA didn't mean for it to come out as weird as it did. This is a song that i would expect to hear more on Raekwon's Only Built 4 Cuban Linx album. This is the only song that I am on the fence about. Investigative Reports is a song that has Rae, Ghostface, and The GZA alluding to the fact that the hardships that people face is because of corrupt authority figures. Swordsman or Unexplained depending on what how you got the album is a song that has the GZA rapping about how he was superstitious when he was younger and travesties that his people faced. In my opinion this is my favorite song on the entire album with the RZA's most dark and menacing beat and the GZA's lyrics are unparalleled with lines such as \\" I saw the Thin Line Between Love and Hate And fast from the hog on the plate, Suffered brutal pains, from whips and chains Punishments that were set to wash the brain\\". I Gotcha Back is a song about how the GZA grew up on the streets and what it was like. I like this song he uses inventive rhymes and doesn't reuse the same words over again like repetition like some people Strong lyrics make up thissong like \\"Little shorties take walks to the schoolyard Tryin to solve the puzzles to why is life so hard Then as soon as they reached the playground, blaow! Shots ring off and now one of them lay down\\". B.I.B.L.E. (Basic Instructions Before Leaving Earth) is the only track that doesn't feature the GZA it only has Killah Priest. Priest raps about religion and the traps that are there he also raps about going to church when he was little and Lyrically it stands out the beat though was produced by 4th Disciple and is by far the most upbeat track on the song, once you really pick apart the lyrics and it really is deep.
0679442790|5.0|There are many good books about this painful time in human history but there are some books that have a profound impact on us because they present the real toll of the Holocaust. This is one of those books. The Reader is a work of psychological complexity; an exploration of the painful and difficult process of guilt and atonement. It is also a love story. The story is told in three parts by the main character, Michael Berg. Each part takes place in a different time period in the past.<br /><br />When he falls ill on his way home from school, fifteen-year-old Michael Berg is rescued by Hanna, a woman twice his age. In time she becomes his lover--then she disappears without explanation. When he sees her again, he is a young law student, and she is on trial for a terrible crime. As he watches her refuse to defend herself, Michael gradually realizes that Hanna may be guarding a secret she considers more shameful than murder. The final part the book is about truth and reconciliation.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I watched this movie 3 times in theaters all in 3d, one in Imax 3d, and loved it every time.  However, despite how cool the 3d was in theaters, I really enjoyed this bluray presentation in 2d moreso.  In 1080p, on a Samsung LED TV at 240hz (blur reduction at 10 and dejudder at 0 with local dimming; now that is a treat for the eyes.  So many details I did not see in theaters, so much clarity, can actually see what's going on at all times.  Also much smoother.  The excessive 3d judder is distracting.  I watched this bluray the day of its released on Thursday and will watch it again before the end of the weekend.  Love it.  This is what high definition is.    In regards to the movie itself, I'm not going to get much into that.  You either love it or you hate it.  I'm just one who loves it.
B002VECM4A|5.0|This is a very sad and tragic story but also one of hope and salvation. I could not stop watching it.  The strength and courage of the main character is amazing. God Bless all who live in this kind of situation.  Wonderful movie.
B002RSDW8A|1.0|complete waste of money, it seems that this uses some new and very required software in your blu-ray player and i ended up just watching it on verizon fios. completely useless unless you have a 4 minute old player or have the ability to update internal software. they should mention this before the purchase as this is the very first amazon item that i am anywhere near this dissatisfied with....
0312330855|5.0|Perfect stories from the life of a young veterinary doctor. The best book about people and animals that I have read in the last five years.  Herriot continues his story of life as an English country vet in [[ASIN:0312330863 All Things Bright and Beautiful]] and [[ASIN:B001KTYDUS All Things Wise and Wonderful]]. These real life stories were made into an excellent BBC series.
0060872675|5.0|Both my sons have loved this book being read to them from a very young age. From the dream vista on the inside cover that seems to fascinate them, to the silly animal questions and then the \\"is that my daddy?\\" end. Strongly recommended.
030745455X|5.0|I just saw the first book made into a movie with subtitles and it was fantastic!  I have now heard that it will be redone in English.  There are 3 books altogether and the author Larsson passed away right after submitting all 3 manuels to his publisher.  Lisbeth, the main character, is a strong women and takes no guff from anyone.  If you like strong women characters, than this book is a must read.  All 3 books.  The 3rd book does not come out until June 6, 2010.  I have ants in my pants just waiting for it.  Read this book, you will hooked and not be sorry!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I was blown away by the film in theaters, both in 3D and in 2D.  I was eagerly awaiting the release of the home video version only to be terribly disappointed in the bare bones version released today.  The most technically complex film produced in history and they don't include any real features of note in the initial video release.  Unbelievable.  Like Fox needs more money.  Until the expanded edition comes out, with behind-the-scenes featurettes like picture-in-picture comparisons of actors performances before being digitally enhanced, I am not wasting a dime on this rot.  This is a version for your grandma to watch, not anyone else.  They should've put it on VHS.  That's all it's worth.
B0035G01WS|4.0|If you haven't discovered audio books, check out this one! I spent a Saturday laughing my way through house cleaning while listening to this David Sedaris title on my MP3 player. I enjoyed this book so much that I found myself looking for house work so I could continue listening to his funny stories. The language may put off some listeners.
B001R4CKGU|3.0|I was underwhelmed.  It is not the usual Pulitzer candidate -- there is no sweep of history inhabited by quirky characters.  This is an interior story, more about personality and introspection than about plot or narrative. There are tiny glimpses of the life and times through the lens of very particular characters.  Sadly, the prose also left me cold.
B000BSLU2S|5.0|My computer was constantly overheating. It would get to over 175° from things as simple as a decent video not to mention a good game, which is extremely annoying as I have a gaming computer. After cleaning off the cooling element, and applying Arctic Silver might idle temperature dropped from 125° to 77° which is better than when I first got two years ago. My computer runs faster and I don't have to listen to that annoying alarm go off every time I start a decent game, I highly recommend this product.
0060763299|3.0|This book has quite a few useful pointers towards leading one in the direction of amassing money. Though the author insists that to be successful you will need to totally commit to creating wealth no matter the cost and effort.<br /><br />A main theme of the book is comparing the way rich people think to the way middle-class and poor people think, and I can easily see the truth of these postulates. Moreover, it is specked with various highlighted and useful wealth principles. Here is one of them which accords with the principles of Esther & Jerry Hicks' \\"Abraham\\": \\"When you are complaining, you become a living, breathing 'crap magnet'.\\" Here's another: \\"Rich people have their money work hard for them. Poor people work hard for their money.\\"<br /><br />This is in no way the best book about money that I've read. It's mostly composed of exhortations to commit yourself truly to the cause (by, for example, attending one of the author's Millionaire Mind courses), and otherwise taking relevant action, interspersed with a few basic truths. But it could very well help those who, to use the author's phrase, are \\"fully, totally and truly committed to creating wealth\\".
B002VECM6S|5.0|I received this product very quickly and was very satisfied with the video. Definetly one of Sandra Bullock's best films. It was entertaining and enjoyable, a movie for the whole family. I am very happy with the purchase.
B0025KVLUQ|5.0|Hello? Beatles fan, here. Ready to buy more Beatles stuff. But I can't tell from your (lack of) description whether I'm ordering mono or stereo! Help!
B001TW69J4|5.0|i highly recommend this album, great song writing with a nice mix of clean and over driven parts, theres definitely a wow factor when listening to this album because of how intricate the playing can get, i cant really say that there are any filler either, quality stuff.
6304493681|5.0|A stellar anime production that asks some serious and profound questions about the nature of consciousness and reality.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|Ok, I'm not a fanboy, and I expect there will be a lot of people who disagree with what I'm about to say, but I wanted \\"regular\\" people who are thinking about buying this to have a (somewhat) fair review.    I saw Avatar in the theater in 3D (simply because I felt it was one of those \\"experience\\" movies that you'd forever be kicking yourself if you didn't get to go see).  It was good, but I really didn't see what was so life-changing about the story.  It's pretty thin, and sometimes a little cheesy.  Not bad, mind you, but not enough for me to think of Avatar as the best movie of all time.  The effects are another story.  I understand that years from now we may actually look back on Avatar as a game changer for how movies are made and perceived.  The 3D effect was not overdone, but while cool, I still felt it didn't add to the story.  Maybe repeated viewings would have changed my mind, we'll never know.    So now, I received my Blu-ray/DVD combo today.  I'm enough of a movie fan that I've spent tens of thousands of dollars in equipment and dvd/blu-rays to give myself the best experience possible in my home.  So my first problem here is the lack of special features.  I know it's been discussed to death, and I understand that some people don't care about them and some people do (I'm one of those).  I appreciate Fox rushing the movie out so quickly, but I'm not convinced that the \\"double dipping\\" was necessary.  I've made my peace with that though, but it should be noted for the sake of the review that there is a lack of special features.    Now here's the reason I have to give Avatar a 3 out of 5 (instead of the 5 out of 5 I'd hoped this disc would be ... I wanted a Blu-ray I could show people to show them how awesome it is):  I popped the blu-ray into my home theater PC and fired up the disc ... and got frozen picture and pixilation.  Fox has encoded Avatar (blu-ray) with a new encryption that is incompatable with a few players, requiring an upgrade.  Fine -- this isnot my first trip around the block, and I understand that firmware updates are necessary to improve protection methods to deter pirates.  Unfortunately, I'm hearing estimates of a day or 2 for an update so I can watch my movie.  I can live with that, but Avatar was released on a Thursday. so a Friday/weekend night viewing seems out of the picture.  This is a (second) slap in the face for someone who OWNS the blu-ray.  I can't watch something I paid for, and I totally blame Fox, not the software manufacturer's.  They *knew* firmware updates were going to be needed (heck it even says it at the top of the page here), but because of a concern of piracy, discs were not made available to manufacturers until the day of release, causing half of the end-consumers to be left in the dark.  I am beyond angry about this.  Many who wait to buy this (which is what I'd recommend), will probably not have this issue.  But you might, so just a warning.    So, I did the only thing I could -- I popped in the DVD and watched that.  I stopped about 20 minutes in.  This movie is really meant to be enjoyed on blu-ray (and 3D, but that's a whole different story).  DVD was okay, but not DTS audio was really disappointing.    Movie?  3 out of 5  Blu-ray? Unrated/Unwatchable  DVD? 2 out of 5 (no DTS audio, movie doesn't look as good as the (few) frames of the blu-ray I could watch, but that's sort of expected.)    Overall?  I'm majorly disappointed.
0811806405|5.0|There are newer books out with better pictures, claiming to cover more things, and with better organization.  However, this is still the only book that I've read, reread, and decided to buy.    In short, Cumpiano focuses on the key elemental aspects of what makes a great (not just good) guitar...and he does it very well indeed.      In long:  Cumpiano and his partner wrote this several decades ago as a labor of love, not knowing that it would be a significant money loss.  Half of his information (including a prolonged discussion on selecting woods) were cut by his publisher due to public lack of interest.    That being said, this is the single best book that you can buy for acoustic guitar building.  It doesn't have Kinkead's beautiful pictures and organization.  It's scattered, and forces you to jump sections to get stuff.      However, the organization actually makes a lot of sense after you've built one or two guitars.  Each section shows the parallels between classical guitars and steel string construction, as well as the differences.      The section on tuning the top/back may seem simplistic compared to Siminoff's tap tuning book (which is bunk)--but cuts to the essential truth of making a truly great guitar.  Any luthier will tell you that there's many different ways of tuning a top, but they all work out the same way--using the same physics.  For more info, you may want to consider David Hurd's \\"Left Brained Lutherie,\\" Al Carruth's voicing DVD, or Somogyi's \\"Building the Responsive Guitar\\"....all of which are at least twice the price of this book.    The part that I treasure most, is Cumpiano's section on guitar set-up.  The important information of string-break angle, neck block angle, and intonation are all covered here quite well.  This information is just as applicable to electric guitars, or any other fretted instruments like lutes or mandolins.    Note: Cumpiano has since improved on his neck joint and includes the plans for free on his website.  It'smuch simpler, cheaper, and stronger than the one in the book...or in other books that I've read.
0307716988|4.0|I enjoyed this book, but it is a very basic autobiography of MJ written with other people.  He didn't put a lot of effort into it, according to the editors, and it doesn't delve into much of his psychological makeup.  It talks basically about his upbringing, and how he and the brothers got into the business, and how he became successful.  It only goes as far as 1988, so it doesn't update any thing that happened since then, musically or personally to him.   Still worth reading though, if you are an MJ fan.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Oh no! Here we go again.  A movie studio shamelessly milking a good movie! Come on, Fox! Didn't Avatar make you guys like a Bizillion dollars in the theaters? And Mr Cameron, why would you sit by and let these guys release this so called 2 disc Blu - ray DvD combo with no special features? I mean nothing, nada, ziltch. Don't the fans deserve better?  Instead, Fox will release an ultimate edition in November. What the hell is that about? I just bought the combo pack ; believe me, I will be taking it back to Target early tomorrow morning. If you care about getting more bang for your buck and care about the extra stuff,stay away from this edition and wait a few months. If you really want to see this movie at home, Rent It! Get your dollar bill and make a red box happy. That's what I plan to do.
B001DJ7PMI|5.0|Repeat watched this many times and I am always staggered at how well paced this 3 hour plus movie is.  Great central performance from Kevin Costner and superb support cast.  Accompanying documentary also reveals much more facts about the conspiracy.  This film truly sparked my fascination with the whole JFK conspiracy and made me pursue further investigation through various literature works.  Brilliant.
072325804X|5.0|I ordered \\"Beatrix Potter: The Complete Tales\\" for my newest grandson's first Easter.  It arrived quickly and in excellent condition (new).  Each of my grandchildren have the tales of Peter Rabbit to read to each other, themselves, and their children one day.
B002VPE1AW|2.0|Once again the evil and mean spirited industrial-military complex gets beaten by good spirited \\"true blue\\" pagans, who dance in circles while talking to trees, using bows and arrows and great, great special effects.
B002UXRH10|2.0|I really enjoy Rhianna's voice and the songs, however, i was disappointed at the amount of explicit language.  I had hoped it was rated R due to a couple of words, however, several songs have quite a bit of explicit language.  I was going to take my adult daughters to her concert currently on tour, however, I have changed my mind based on this CD. Probably not a good family environment.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|If you are still hesitating to buy this movie, you should stop whatever you are doing and go buy this immediately and watch it.  What an incredible movie this is. The picture is breath taking and the sound is just amazing. Our family enjoy a lot of great Disney Pixar movies and AVATAR could be this incredible movie for adults.    If you only have to buy one bluray movie this year, AVATAR should be it.  I just finnished watching the movie and I can not wait to see it again.
0393072231|5.0|Few people may ever read this review as it is buried in among more than 200 others, but here is what I think about Michael Lewis's The Big Short.  The book is bound to generate significant interest as the global financial meltdown has changed everyone's lives.  Lewis provides an accessible way of understanding some of the people at the heart of these instruments and what they did to create the instruments that led to Wall Street demise and the crisis.<br /><br />Lewis takes a personal approach to describe and explain the way the CDS/CDO market came into being, how it worked and some of the people acting behind the scenes.  This approach is effective at level setting the complexity of these instruments with the general audience.<br /><br />The book has a very narrow focus on one aspect of the global financial crisis - the mortgage derivative side.  This is not a book about mortgages, nor really about mortgage backed securities.  It is a book about the bets that happened on the side in the form of Credit Default Swaps and Collateralized Debt Obligations.  If you are looking for a view on the whole mess that is the financial crisis, then this is not it.<br /><br />The first third of the book really helps people understand the basics of this market.<br /><br />The middle third of the book is a bit confusing as Lewis jumps between characters as the market heats up to a boil over making it hard to keep track of what is going on.  This is a weakness of Lewis's approach as he tries to tell as much of the story as possible through the people when a little exposition would be most helpful.<br /><br />The last third is a bit anticlimactic as the market orderly wraps up after some bare knuckles worrying is relived by the bailout.<br /><br />The one thing that becomes clear as the book wraps up is that Paulson, Geithner and Bernanke did not understand the issues either - apart from the need to refloat the financial markets with almost a trillion dollars of bailouts.<br /><br />The fact that the banks are back with record profits, even above those in the hey day of the mortgage lending environment should make everyone realize that not only has nothing changed, but that its highly likely that all we did was float wall street a taxpayer balloon loan - we are `uncle sucker' again.  That is all of us who pay our taxes, do not spend too much, save etc.<br /><br />Lewis does not deal with these issues in the book, but his treatment of the characters and their response indicate that people still do not understand what is going on and all they know is that a rising pool of capital covers all positions.<br /><br />Strengths:<br /><br />Lewis does a very effective job of developing your view of the characters behind the CDS and CDO marketplace.  I feel that I almost know the main characters enough that if I met them I would ask about them as much about their friends and family than their role in shorting the market.  The familiarity Lewis builds with these characters wraps them in a comfortable blanket, depicting them as people who recognized and acted on the knowledge that the mortgage-lending boom could not go on forever.<br /><br />These are sympathetic characters who are not at fault for the crisis.  In truth they are not, they are just investors that could have easily been wrong and never heard from again.  However, this familiarity makes the crisis seem like its somewhat blameless and more the function of Wall Street and international bankers being bone dead stupid and greedy more than anything else.<br /><br />The frank discussions about various people in the game and their colorful language helps give the book a sense of realism if not the basis for a few character defamation lawsuits.<br /><br />Challenges:<br /><br />Lewis's book is exposition, he is telling a story rather than analyzing what happened, assessing blame, or recommending answers.  That is ok as he is a journalist, but people who think that this book will help address financialreform are missing the boat.  In fact in Wall Street terms the book says that a few smart people, with a good idea and some capital can make a killing by exploiting cracks in the market.<br /><br />As exposition, the book entertains, informs but does little to change what is going on.  Perhaps its because the focus is very narrow or because it ends with the collapse of the market and little discussion of the thinking behind the response.  I guess that is in Paulson's book but from what I have heard its no where near as entertaining as this.<br /><br />Overall recommended as a way to understand what happened, how it got started and who started it.  I am glad I read the book.  If I want to understand the aftermath I strongly recommend the FRONTLINE Series that you can watch on PBS at [..] search on financial crisis.t people, with a good idea and some capital can make a killing by exploiting cracks in the market.    As exposition, the book entertains, informs but does little to change what is going on.  Perhaps its because the focus is very narrow or because it ends with the collapse of the market and little discussion of the thinking behind the response.  I guess that is in Paulson's book but from what I have heard its no where near as entertaining as this.    Overall recommended as a way to understand what happened, how it got started and who started it.  I am glad I read the book.  If I want to understand the aftermath I strongly recommend the FRONTLINE Series that you can watch on PBS at [..] search on financial crisis.
B0039OGGVQ|1.0|I am a huge Guns fan, but this album sucks. I mean Chinese democracy was better than this turd. It's too bad but Slash hasn't really done anything good since UYI in my humble opinion...
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I assumed this 2 disc set would have special features before I did my homework but later came to find that all you get is the movie and another release this fall will have special features and extended scenes. In additon, inside the packaging they actually provide a coupon to go on-line and download more coupons to save a few bucks on the fall release? So absolutely tired of the marketing gimicks used to milk every penny from consumers!
B002KWLUU0|5.0|Prefab Sprout stand the test of time. The vocals are still superb! Paddy's vocals as fresh as they did with the Swoon album. I'm very glad I purchased this CD. Earth:The Story So Far Video is fantastic as well.
B0001CCY7E|5.0|Some films, to me, have the most beautiful music and Dances with Wolves is one of them. The sound quality of this CD is excellent and they include some extra cuts so you really get your money's worth.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|YO THE MOVIE IS VERY GOOD! i enjoyed the performances and action sequences and thought james cameron did a very good job from his 13 year hiatus as a director. the visuals are stunning, this might be why the movie is so great. the story is good and detailed but not as much as terminator and titanic. still this movie does remind you of terminator with all the robots and futuristic air crafts. go get this if you dont really care about extra features most of the time i never watch all the extra stuff just give me the movie so i can watch it and thats it.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|I love sci fiction and this film have evrythingh, action, special effects, looks so real. I like it a lot
B00127RAJY|4.0|This is a great workout.      Jillian does a great job with explaining moves and why she is combining moves.      I like how she says not to look for a modification on jumping jacks. It makes me chuckle every time.     I work out about 5-6 days a week.  I have not tried to do this work out for 30 days straight.  I do this workout about 2-3 times a day and I feel stronger and can make it through level one without feeling like I am going to die now.      I think that next week I will try to move on to level two.    The background music is very boring and not motivating, but Jillian's cues are on spot most of the time.  She is encouraging, but not annoying.
B001EN71DG|5.0|This was a great deal on the Star Wars Trilogy DVD set.  I could not find it anywhere at this price!! Ordering from Amazon.com was easy and fast.  My son was thrilled to receive the box set.
156224003X|5.0|I just purchased this book a couple of weeks ago.  I have been playing guitar and singing for about 10 years now.  I have become frustrated with my lack of progress many times.  I have spoken with a few great musicians who have said they just go into to the zone.  I know that going into the zone is one of the keys to being a focused and great musician.  Kenny gives a wonderful explanation of how to let go and just be one with the music.  I have been using his methods for about a very short time now and have already seen a huge improvement in my music.  I highly recommend this book!  Thank you Kenny!!
0061922315|4.0|In 1984, Kavita Merchant gives birth to a baby girl that is immedietely whisked away by her husband, Jasu, to be disposed of.  Girl children are of no use.  In 1985, Kavita slips away to give birth to their second daughter, but pilgrims to Mumbai to deliver this child, Usha, to the orphanage against the wishes of her husband's family.  Finally they have a son, Vijay, and he is lauded as a near God.    An Indian doctor practicing in California, Krishnan, and his  doctor wife, Somar, infertile, are visiting India and learn of Usha from Kris's  parents.  They adopt her and move her back to Menlo Park, CA. where Asha(changed from Usha) is given a life of love and prominence.  At 20, Asha, blessed by journalist prowess, wins a grant to write for a giant newspaper in India.  While there she meets Krishnan's family and they lovingly show her the affluent India they enjoy.  As part of her journalism assignment, however, she interviews the poor people abiding in shacks and shanty's in the makeshift town of Dharavi.  Hopelessness and despair abound by millions; this reality shocks Asha into understanding how blessed she has been.  While there, she decides to look up her birth parents and realizes that she most likely would have been raised in the waste, sewage and poverty of Dharavi.  She yearns to  thank her birth parents for giving her a better life.  The tale continues on with her seemingly futile quest and her awakening to the beloved parents back in America.    Every other chapter is set in America and then in India.  The writing flows with such energy, the characters so believable in their naivety and their dismal pain, the dialog interesting especially in India where we learn many new names of objects.  This author has the potential to be a best seller and this book would be enjoyed by men and women alike.  This is an important read that educates while entertains.    Great first effort.  If possible I would have given this book 4/1/2 stars with a pinch to grow on.
B003EYVXVO|5.0|Will this DVD come with the special 3D glasses, and if not where do we get them? Shouldn't this info be in the product description?
141690977X|4.0|The book was entertaining, but seemed to just mostly talk about the wrong guy... the condition was excellent and it arrived quickly
1416550550|5.0|Loved the book. Great writing, characters, locations, plot.  It was a wonderful escapist curl up and read book.  Want to now read her other book!
B0039UTDFG|1.0|No need to go into details, there's enough of them here.  The big takeaway is that the beautiful camera work and visuals are ruined by the mundane and childish narration of Oprah.
0340733748|5.0|If you ever wonder why Le Carre both rarely comes up in conversation about other thriller writers, and why enthusiasts tend to speak of him in a hushed excitement, then read this book!<br /><br />Arguably his best, it's certainly the most true to his form: a spy story about the people who are spies, straight from the horse's mouth (Le Carre, nee David Cornwell, worked for MI5 and MI6.)
6305428387|5.0|It was funny, great interaction between the characters, and had a good moral to tell. It truely was about not whether you win or loose, but how you play the game. I highly recommend it as good family entertainment.
B001HN6940|2.0|I LIKED THE CARTOON ONE BETTER.<br />HAD MORE ACTION & FUN THINGS GOING ON THAN THIS FILM DID.
B001EYU1VO|4.0|I was looking for a well-made joystic which  has a built-in rudder control and throttle and decided to take a shot at this stick. I was worried that the buttons clustered on top of the stick were too close together along with the \\"cone-hat\\" and would be difficult to use as I have a disability which has weakened my fingers. Well..let me tell you..when I put this stick together and tried it with MS Fligh sim X..it was sheer pleasure. The stick feels well made and not heavy. The throttle which is 2 pc levers that can be seperated, was fluid and smooth. It also has a scroll wheel on top of the stick on the bottom of the cone-hat which really is 2 more buttons.  I use a throttle-lever for flaps-axis and scroll wheel for elevator-trim. It has a soothing blue light near the the top buttons which matches the blue light in my pc case. The reason I didnt give this stick 5 stars is..1) The joystick is a little too resistant but not that bad, and 2)if you make abrupt movements with the stick, the base may move a little.  I hope Saitek will make an adjustment for the spring tension. This stick is a work of engineering art.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|A GREAT movie with NO negatives about any part of it or other petty complaints,ie extended version,etc.  We've HEARD them all !  This is a review place/section. NOT the complaint Department.   Why don't ALL you nay sayers write to the people that produced this wonderful movie instead of wasting time and space for all that negative crap that MOST people don't want to read,hear or care about...........................
B00377V6IS|5.0|I first came across Opeth on a recommendation from a former roommate. The album was \\"Damnation,\\" and I found myself enthralled with a sound that I was looking for in a band. However, as any Opeth fan knows, \\"Damnation\\" was a special event: it was a mellow, cleanly sung, almost entirely clean channel album put out by a death metal band.    The first \\"metal\\" Opeth album I heard was \\"Blackwater Park,\\" and it hooked me right away. One song in particular, \\"The Drapery Falls\\" really drew me in with its semi-psychedelic feel. This was the first album that Opeth worked on with Porcupine Tree's Steve Wilson, and if you are familiar with Porcupine Tree's approach/production, it seems more apparent in this album than in the others (which isn't a bad thing at all). If you love progressive music and songs that cover vast musical terrain (essential view music as a journey rather than easy consumption), then \\"Blackwater Park\\" should be right up your alley.     As for the Legacy Edition, I placed the order for it the day it became available and received it almost two weeks ago. The 5.0 mix is a real treat to listen to (as it was for \\"Still Life\\" and \\"Ghost Reveries\\"). I found that the 5.0 really brought out the bass quite nicely. The liner notes have some additional artwork (very cool) as well as an introduction to the album written by Mike Ackerfeldt that sheds some very cool light on where Opeth was at the junction and the humor and easygoing nature of Mike really comes out (it would be great to kick back some beers with him with Camel playing in the background...)    The second disc also has a documentary that was filmed during the recording of the album that is quite enjoyable as well. Opeth is a band that works its tail off, and the hard work definitely shows.     If you like Opeth but haven't yet purchased \\"Blackwater Park,\\" just go for the Legacy Edition. If you've already purchased the album in past, I would recommend checking it out for the 5.0 mix (depending on how much extra cash you have to throw around on import special edition CDs, that is).    In sum, a masterful work deserving of a re-release that has left me very satisfied.
B0014I4KH6|5.0|Taylor Swift's self titled debut album is surprisingly good for coming from a sixteen year old. The themes of the songs are just what you would expect from a high schooler. Her songs talk mainly about love and break-ups but have a quality to them seen among artists much older then she is. The musical quality is wonderful and she truly sings the soundtrack to every young girl's life.      While her themes may seem a tad immature to an older adult they were exactly what many young girls needed both then and now. Most of the music out there that younger girls are listening to isn't anything with morals, values or even taste. Taylor Swift's music has all of these elements. None of her songs are profane, and they all speak to real life situations. They all have good morals, none of them mention sex, alcohol, or drugs. While most of her songs are love songs, the context and situation has a very wide range. They consist of anything from revenge to hurt to idealistic love to having a crush on a friend. All of these are things that affect almost every young girl and Taylor Swift has a very refreshing take on it all. Even her revenge song, Picture to Burn, isn't vindictive. It talks about getting rid of old memories, and the things she didn't like about their relationship. Even outside the area of love she has a few songs, and while not as popular, they still send a really great message. One s about feeling and being alone in the world just trying to find where you belong, and another is about faking happiness and trying to put on a mask that your ok when you're not. These are huge issues facing young girls and they lyrics to Taylor's songs are encouraging and uplifting without being cheesy.
B002ZCDR88|5.0|I just got this CD from Amazon and opened the package and although I haven't even listened to any of the music yet (I'm about to) I just wanted to rave about the beautiful package it arrived in.    In the age of MP3 downloads and virtual this and that, it's so awesome to get this kind of cd package to adore.  I'm a graphic designer of print, so this is a special treat for me. The design is delicate yet strong and the case contains a complete book beautifully layed out.     A big congrats to David Pearson who designed this package. You Rock!  Jen A.
B00127RAJY|3.0|I just started the 30 Day Shred and I know it will ONE day work, but after the first day of using the video I have already torn a back muscle and can barely use my arm! I am very flexible and workout on average 4-5 times weekly, but I do have a tendency to sometimes overcorrect my form. I was also slightly confused about how much weight to use for the hand weights. I usually lift weights and thought that a 5 pound weight wouldn't be too much, but was probably the cause to my back strain. I did try using a one pound weight to begin with and didn't feel like I was lifting anything, I wish Jillian would have said something as too how much weight was appropriate. I'll be sure to take it easy the next time I start back to it.
B000002HMH|1.0|If you love radio-rock, you'll love this album.  This is weak even compared to the Black album.  And the Black album was weak compared to Metallica's four previous albums.
B003FXXNH6|5.0|Isaac Florentine's Undisputed 3: Redemption is, in my opinion, the best of the Undisputed series may be meaningful to those who know the earlier films. Scott Adkins reprises his role as Russian inmate Boyka, now severely hobbled by the knee injury suffered at the end of Undisputed 2. No longer the feared prison fighter he was, he has declined so far that he is now good only for cleaning toilets. But when a new prison fight tournament begins - an international affair, matching the best fighters from prisons around the globe, enticing them with the promise of freedom for the winner - Boyka must reclaim his dignity and fight for his position in the tournament.    He succeeds, of course, and is packed off to Georgia where he meets his opponents. The brash American. The Brazilian capoeira expert. The North Korean tae kwon do expert. A Greek. A Croat. And, most to be feared, the Colombian(Mark Zaror).    The fix is in, of course. While all of the other fighters are forced to do hard labor, the Colombian - the fighter backed by the host prison - is left to live in relative luxury. While the others are denied basic food, the Colombian has drugs hand delivered by the warden.  ScottAdkins plays Boyka - the villain of the last installment - here as a gruff antihero looking for personal redemption. All the story stuff works as it should.
B000002HRE|1.0|Do not buy Load/Reload/St. Anger if you're a metal fan. Those are rock radio type albums.  Even Death Magnetic stinks IMO but its better than those others i've listed.  Do yourself a favor and buy the first 4 albums.  That's all you'll need.
0312360266|4.0|**spoiler alert** Liked it enough that I read the first 4 in less then 12 hours. My biggest complaint is that I could see what was coming with the High Priestess a mile away... I am interested to see how this all shakes out though.<br /><br />I love how Vamps are known to the rest of the world, it's not explained (doesn't need to be the way it's set up. I like that I was able to just take that and accept it and move on). I love the potential for the native american mythological tie-ins (which is realized in later books), and the characters are great. They each have their quirks and yet they are loveable. Well, most of them are. Not the best review of the writing, I know, but that happens sometimes when I think the stories are just good, decently written fun. Can't wait for the next book!
B000002V0Q|5.0|I bought the \\"Countdown\\" cassette tape at 12 years old in 92.  It's definitely aged well.  It's heavy as hell but has some hooks and is listenable to the average joe.  This is the last masterpiece created by Megadeth.  Pick this one up instead of \\"Endgame\\".
B00127RAJY|5.0|I consider myself a workout DVD junkie... I'm always looking for something new and fun. I am a very athletic person, I always workout, and consider myself in shape. When I ordered this DVD, I figured I'd have to start at Level 3 since I'm already in such good shape... WRONG! I briefly watched each level and decided to start at level 1 to get a feel for the work out. Well, that level alone almost kicked my butt. In about 2-3 days I felt that I was ready to move to level 2. I did it yesterday and Oh.My.God. It was SO hard. She really gives you a workout in those 20 minutes. I honestly haven't had a workout that hard since high school. I was shaking, pouring sweat, and completely out of breath. I almost doubt I'm going to be able to get to Level 3 in 30 days.     When I was looking at reviews, I of course wanted to read some about results, so I'm hoping that in about 25 more days I can post an awesome results review!!
B0002EXH54|5.0|This is Megadeth's best in my opinion.  I never owned the original so I have no say on which version sounds better.  \\"The Conjuring\\", \\"Good Mourning/Black Friday\\", \\"Wake Up Dead\\", and \\"Peace Sells\\" are the top songs in Megadeth's catalog.  This album is definitely a must buy.
B002VZC9CY|3.0|Overall interesting but too many tin whistles and fiddles make it a bit samey musically. Many artistes of Natalie's age decide to bring in their address book of super 'session musicians' to create something special and to have a good time doing so. The results are seldom what they will be ultimately remembered for though, and that I think will be the case here. The poems will go on withstanding the test of time as they always have done, but their musical arrangement (which they never asked to have) will become a curiosity and not much more.
B002C6K7N0|2.0|First of all, my favorite Megadeth albums are \\"Peace Sells...\\", \\"Countdown To Extinction\\" and \\"R.I.P.\\".  I've gave this album 10 spins and i'm not too impressed.  It's kind of boring and the lyrics are pure cheese.  I wouldn't classify  \\"Endgame\\" as thrash either.  \\"Headcrusher\\" and \\"Right To Go Insane\\" are the catchiest tracks.  \\"Countdown to Extinction\\" makes \\"Endgame\\" sound like pop.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The CD was like new and delivered quickly. What more could you ask for?  Susan has an amazing voice and seems like she has been singing for many years.  The mix of songs could be better.
B0037W68F4|1.0|I loved this band and have listened to Oracular Spectacular over 500 times.<br /><br />I am really disappointed that for whatever reason they decided to throw away the original sound that they created on that record.<br /><br />To the people that have reviewed this favorably I ask you this.  Is this anywhere near as good as the previous record?  Is it even half as good? Both answers are NO.<br /><br />This to me seems like a B-side effort.  Did the guys in the band decide they were getting too popular and sabatoge themselves with a record that is barely catchy and not anything close to resembling the first record.  I like new and I don't think that this band should just keep cranking out regurgitated hits from the first record but this is insulting.<br /><br />Don't waste your money on this.  If your dying to hear like I was b/c I loved the first record just borrow it from someone who made the same mistake that I did.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|LOVED THE MOVIE!!!!! The picture quality is amazeing best looking blu ray ive seen!!! this is the movie you bust out to show off your tv to your friends and family! Movie was awesome as well!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Holy Crap!  This is THE reference Blu-Ray from here on out!  I don't care that all you get is just the movie and no special features.  The special-feature laden Blu-Ray will come out later this year in November.  Sometimes they go overboard with those anyway.  Let me be crystal clear here: THIS IS THE BEST BLU-RAY YOU WILL EVER,EVER,EVER own in regards of picture quality.  Absolutely STUNNING in every way.  Almost has a 3d effect even though the Blu-Ray isn't. GET IT....PERIOD.
B002XTBE6K|5.0|The bottom line for me is that you really need more than feature-film length to tell a classic such as this, and this production satisfies in that regard. I had seen the 1990s movie with Gwyneth Paltrow as Emma and also the Kate Beckinsale production. I think that for both of those, the casting and acting were good--each actor brought their own interpretation to the character. But after seeing this production, the others just couldn't satisfy! Say what you will about liberties taken with the manners and wording, but by the end of this show you can really see the transitions that the characters made and believe in those changes. Fantastic.
0316010669|1.0|A book filled with flabby logic and intellectual laziness. Very frustrating, as I concur with the underlying premise that we should recognize and employ our gut reactions.  This is a popular journalist's version of a subject better handled by someone with more expertise.
B000Z27HLS|3.0|My feeling about this production is that they ripped through the story so fast you barely saw it go by. It made a shambles out of the intricacies of the story line--but the saving grace is that the actors save it. They are very good, especially the two romantic leads. I also very much appreciated Carey Mulligan's performance. After seeing what she has done with completely different characters in other movies, she has such range. She seemed quite \\"despicable\\" here! So overall a pleasant but frustrating (in terms of meat to the story) watch.
B0002C4JE4|5.0|I am completly satisfied with this CD as well as the delivery time that Amazon promised. I have no complaints and would order from them again anytime.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This is the best movie I've seen in a long time. Sandra Bullock did a wonderful job, as well as the rest of the actors.
B002ZG99G8|4.0|I'm a huge fan of the comic 'The Losers' so I was a bit dubious when I heard when they were making a film adaption. I was even MORE dubious when I heard it was rated PG-13. While the film version of The Losers lacks alot of the intelligence and biting satire of it's source material it very much keeps the high-energy and colorful personalities which made the comic so much fun to begin with.<br /><br />The story in this film version of The Losers is very much an adaption of the story 'Ante-Up' from the comic (the first six issues). Basically following a close-knit group of soldiers as they attack, rob and take revenge on the people who betrayed them (namely the CIA and a man known as 'Max') . There are alot of embellishments from the comic ranging from the mundane ( Pooch is ALOT younger, Aisha is more friendly, Clay never smokes) to the more obvious (no drug-running CIA, no connections to the Iraq war and the US war on terrorism). What we are left with is a very fun very wacky action film with some great use of locations and action set-pieces. Also this has one of my favorite opening and closing credit sequences with panels by the original comic artist JOCK (mostly taken straight from the comic).<br /><br />The casting is perfect down the line with Chris Evans a stand-out as the scene-stealing Jensen. While the movie does lack alot of the 'name' actors of alot of comic book films (which is probably why it's getting ho-hum publicity and release) the Losers very much holds it's own from beginning to end and it's actors are having fun and making the most of it.<br /><br />The DVD release of this film has a decent transfer and looks better than you'd expect on the small screen but the extras are lacking. I was hoping for some interviews with comics creaters Andy Diggle and Jock (they WERE brought onto the set at several points) but the only extra we get is a look at the film and cast with Zoe Saldana. It's a decent enought feature but this DVD deserved more.<br /><br />So while this film version of the Losers isn't ideal for comic's fans (and the DVD is lacking in extras), it's a VERY fun movie in it's own right and at a short 98 minutes never wears out it's welcome. If you're looking for a fun popcorn flick action film with alot of excitment and laughs thrown in: look no further!e Losers isn't ideal for comic's fans (and the DVD is lacking in extras), it's a VERY fun movie in it's own right and at a short 98 minutes never wears out it's welcome. If you're looking for a fun popcorn flick action film with alot of excitment and laughs thrown in: look no further!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I hope companies get the message that extras are extremely important to a lot of consumers. Add my vote to this release being a huge disappointment for that reason.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|That sucking sound you hear is Fox with their fangs in your wallet.  Why do they keep doing this to us?  Do they think we are stupid?  I suppose some people will pay just about anything so they can be the first on their block to own this movie, and that's what Fox is counting on.  RESIST!  Wait until the full-featured version comes out in a few months.  Send a unified message to the Hollywood studios (and Fox in particular) that we're not going to be suckered into buying twice by this sleazy marketing tactic!
097747609X|4.0|What prompted me to read Mein Kampf by Adolf Hiller was the reading of \\"They Came in Peace by Ann Watson. And Rules For Radicals by Sal Alinsky, which was brought to my attention by Dreams from my Father by Barack Obama.
B001C4AFOY|3.0|I preordered this from Amazon and was pleased that it's price had dropped by the time it was delivered.  Thanks, Amazon, for your continued excellent service!    But when the movie arrived a day ahead of its promised arrival - thanks, again! - I was disappointed after viewing it.  Costumes were good, but I question whether it got the Oscar because of their intrinsic worth or because of their relative worth compared to last year's other offerings.  Acting was good enough, but plot and dialogue were really disappointing.  LOTS of beginnings without ends, especially the ending itself, which left me hanging.  History majors like myself will recoil from the license taken in embellishing certain facts, such as the assassination attempt and Victoria's almost smarmy relationship with the Dowager Queen Adelaide.  The visuals weren't as good as I'd been led to believe, but I'm willing to ascribe some of that to watching it at home on a 36\\" screen instead of in a theatre on a big one.    A far better film is \\"Victoria & Albert,\\" produced by A&E and starring, among others in an excellent vibrant cast, Diana Rigg as Baroness Lehzen and Peter Ustinov as King William IV.  Much truer to fact, and costumes just as good to my eye.  But, where V&A really holds the advantage is in its plot, dialogue, continuity, and development and resolution of characters and themes.  No loose ends there, but a truly great story - and one I'm now going to rate a solid 5-star on its own page.
0812973992|5.0|McCann is a superb writer, painting a vivid picture of different places in New York City in the 1970's and developing characters of commanding depth. Some sentences were so good that I stopped to read them aloud. Reading this novel was a deeply moving experience.[[ASIN:1554684838 Let the Great World Spin]]
B000RW3VD4|5.0|In this classic film about insider trading, Michael Douglas plays Wall Street high-roller Gordon Gecko, a heartless man who won't let anyone or anything stand in his way of making a few extra billion dollars. Enter Bud Fox (Charlie Sheen), an ambitious young broker who lands Gecko as his big fish client and is quickly swayed by the illegal ways in which Gecko makes huge amounts of money so quickly. Fox begins to morph into a young version of his idol, even at the expense of his father's (Martin Sheen, Charlie's real-life dad) airline. Ultimately, Fox has a change of heart and decides to bring Gecko down. The ending of the film is kind of ambiguous, but because \\"Wall Street 2\\" will be in theatres later this year, audiences will finally be able to learn what happened to these memorable characters.
1423101472|5.0|How many book series do you find that when one family member puts the book down, another one picks it up?  These books have passed through the pre-teens, young adults and mature adults in our household and everyone enjoyed them.  For those of us through school, it was a test of our memory of mythology to predict what might happen.  For the younger ones, it made what they will learn a little more interesting. There are well developed characters and complex but easily followed story lines.  Our house can't wait to start the next Riordan series.
B000SE0OYA|5.0|Have been using it in my printer Brother MFC 9840CDW. It works great. The best thing with brother is that you can ship back the used cartridges to brother for free - just print the shipping label off their website.
0061703257|5.0|It took me a while to get into it, but once I did, I couldn't put it down.  MUCH better than the movie!
0800177177|5.0|I purchased this DVD completely based on Gary Oldman being in it, hadn't seen it or even heard he was in one, very pleased with the purchase.  It came quickly and in good shape, not to mention it was good!
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|My ex husband got me hooked on the BBC series, Doctor Who.  I love David Tennant as the Doctor.  He is fun, witty, charming and so very handsome!  Catherine Tate as Donna Noble is a hoot with phrases like \\"I'm not letting you out of my sight martain man.\\" She says to the Doctor shortly after they first meet.  There is definately chemistry between the two characters and not necessarily of the romantic kind.<br />The fourth season, is fun, but has some scary moments as well.  Watch the episode \\"Midnight\\" for the chills and for the chills and fun part two of \\"The Stolen Earth\\" is great.  Donna becomes half human half time lord and Catherine Tate is a hysterically funny.<br />Overall any of the four series with David Tennant is great, but I think the fourth series is my favorite.
B00006I53S|3.0|This lens is good, but not great.  I always compare it to a swiss army knife: it does a lot of things, but none of them as well as a more specialized tool would.        Keep in mind that this is a consumer-grade zoom lens - it's not going to deliver the results that a prime lens or an L-series zoom will.  Compared to 'kit' lenses and low-end consumer grade zooms, however, this lens shines.    It's a good lens general-purpose lens for casual photography or when you only want to carry one lens, but it's not really sharp enough or fast enough for the serious amateur or professional who needs to make large prints.  It has close focus capabilities but can't compare to a real macro lens.  It's not very fast.  It covers a useful range, although it's not quite wide enough for shooting indoors with a cropped sensor.  While the image stabilization works well, it's a first-generation system that's not as good as the IS on more recent lens designs, especially while panning.    It's an older lens that was designed for film, and it shows.   While even a low-end DSLR will out-resolve this lens, film hits it's sweet spot.  I've found it to be very soft at focal lengths 50mm and below, it gets sharper at longer lengths and is good enough for most purposes in the 70-135 range.  At 28mm on a 40D I can get good (but not great) 8x10 prints; larger print sizes make this lens's weaknesses very prominent.    All in all, it's probably not the best choice for the APS-C DSLR owner, but a great one for a film shooter.  Within the same price range, the EF-S 17-85 IS is probably a better choice for the digital shooter who wants an all-in-one lens.  Professionals or serious amateurs in need of a general purpose zoom should strongly consider stepping up to either the (considerably more expensive) EF-S 17-55 f/2.8 IS or EF 24-105 f/4L.
1439152756|5.0|I still first checked this book out at my college library.  I read it and had to buy a copy.  This is a wonderful story of a woman who is trying very hard to hold onto herself in the face of early onset Alzheimers.  Lisa Genova really got it right with this beautiful story that had me in tears at the end.<br />The story follows Alice Howland, a Havard Professor as she deals with and eventually is overtaken by her disease.  Anyone who has a family member going through this should read this book. It's not a how to guide, but a touching fictional story that is just so good I can't say enough about it.<br />I believe Ms. Genova is working on a new novel and I look forward to reading it.  I hope it's as good as Still Alice.
B0034C9CFK|3.0|Alan Jackson has made a career out of doing Neo-Traditional Country for 20 years.He deserves to be in the upper pantheon of the country greats and is also one of America's greatest singer-songwriters regardless of genre.  My biggest problem with this album is that there are no real stand out tracks and the songs seem  to blend together.  While this is not his best album to date if you are a fan of traditional country with a down home sound with good lyrics you will not be disappointed with this album.  I would give this album 3 and a half stars if amazon let me.
B00328G4V6|5.0|At first I was a little hesitant about this. Seeing material that I already had in my collection on Hendrix made me pause. Throwing caution to the wind given the bonus tracks plus the additional unheard material, it was well worth it. True there are same titles and all but they're different from the ones Ive heard in the way it's played. Although these were additional takes that were recorded before official releases back in the day. I find them to be VERY refreshing. It has been great to hear these. I have no regrets in this purchase and HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who is a Hendrix fan. You will NOT be disappointed ! Definitely will enjoy this for years to come. Love Hendrix and anything old in a new mix is always refreshing. No matter how many times you've heard it before.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|I just can't see how this became such a money maker. I guess the schools and colleges have finally managed to brainwash and dumb down everyone into falling in love with movies like this. The poor downtrodden little blue people who love life were enough to make you sick. Cameron \\"borrowed\\" elements from many other movies, books, and even video games for this unoriginal and uninspired movie. They wasted all these visual effects to re-hash Dances with Wolves, when off the top of my head I can think of a dozen science fiction books that would make wonderful movies. But alas, Americans and the world are not interested in originality, they want the same old thing re-packaged over and over again.   I would like to make a comparison with another recent Sci-fi epic and this movie.  District 9 had similar themes but was a far better and original movie than Avatar. You hated the corporation and its mercenaries in District 9, you also felt great empathy for the protagonist Vickers, in D9. This was Avatars main flaw.  I just could not hate the bad guys in Avatar, while at the same time I could not really bring myself to feel anything for the good guys. Both protagonist and antagonist were very shallow, and then cocooned in visual eye candy. Pretty on the outside hollow on the inside. 3 hours and $17 wasted.
B002VECM72|2.0|A very good Sandra Bullock movie, which is not saying a lot. But, Sandra has the smarts to take a page from Julia Roberts' book and do an Erin Brockovich turn as a feisty, in your face southern woman -- a type beloved, of course, by other feisty, in your face southern women. This version however is drowning in luxury and wealth instead of Erin Brockovich's misery and squalor. Marry this character to an almost documentary rendering of affluent suburban redneck culture, mix in the game of football and a tearful triumph over adversity bi-racial, bi-cultural, wealth and poverty don't matter when the heart does good things narrative, and you have the functional equivalent of a suburban American weapon of mass destruction, or distraction as the case may be. Really and truly a church picnic drooler of a film that makes motivational speakers look like depressed quitters by comparison. But perky Sandra is at her very best. I do agree with her suspicion, that she expressed when she accepted her Oscar: I do think she just finally wore them down, that and they needed a way to balance the votes for \\"Precious\\".
B002WY65VU|5.0|Put off seeing this in theaters because a friend of mine saying it was just another lite-ass zombie film. NOTHING LITE-ASS ABOUT THIS FILM IN ANY WAY.I really regret not getting the full screen experience on this film,because this seems like it would be good with a audience.  It just goes to show NO MATTER WHAT GET YOUR OWN OPINION.Been a horror fan my entire life and I found this to be one of the best examples of balancing horror/gore with comedy in a long time.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|Just in time for Earth Day comes the biggest movie every... mauling entire forests to make paper sleeves to cover the plastic cover with the same exact image.   Cameron is a control freak about every detail of his movie, too bad that doesn't extend to how it is released. I'm pretty sure the man who helmed the 2 highest-grossing movies ever has enough pull, just a matter of how much he cares to. Somewhere in a the Nav'i world, a large white willow tree is being torn down.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Not really a big fan video game style CGI so I went into this thinking I would be bored with most of it regardless of all the hype. Spent the first half of the movie trying to find reasons not like this movie and the second half trying to not be blown out of my seat. This really is a visual feast for everyone!Believe the hype.
B00371QQ2U|1.0|since I can't get past the frickin menu I don't know if the Blu-ray version is good or not. But I guess I can go and spend another $250 for a new player that will connect online (NOT). Last Disc I buy from Universal. Period. Don't waste your money.
B00001ODGR|5.0|For Styx fans, this is a must have.  The concert was perfectly photographed with adequate sound(the acoustics of concert venues are normally much worse than a closed set like a recording studio).  The sound is quite adequate.      For non-Styx fans who love rock, I say also get this disk...give them a chance.  Styx was dismissed by some snobs as being popular, top 40 music.  Well, all of the great music acts over time have had top 40 hits, and criticizing someone for it is like saying an author is no good...he has too many best sellers to his name.    The group, vocally, was never bettered by anyone and only approached by Journey..i.e. Steve Perry.  Their songs were hits because they were simple, thematic, and catchy. Seeing the group perform, comprised as it is today, singing these hits, was just splendid.      So, Styx fans, come and get it; Styx snobs...consider taking a 2nd look...you liked their music(admit it), so why not enjoy and not worry about who the band is...
1591843162|5.0|Seth, has always been innovative and ground-breaking with his perspective, thoughts, and conclusions.    The Purple Cow was his previous best.  The Big Moo compilation of essays was next.  Linchpin is his best book to date...and I look forward to more in the future.
B0000DIJO2|4.0|For Bee Gee fans, this is a must have disk.  The 3 brothers are there, front and center.  Unfortunately, the falsetto or high note that the oldest brother has to hit for many of the songs is hard to do and he fails more often than not. This is not a major problem, as the Bee Gees are basically a harmony-brothers type group, and they achieve harmony on every note.  I mention it in passing because purists who are used to studio productions, where acoustics are better and, more importantly, takes and re-takes are possible, might think these songs less than perfect.  They are, but that is the trade-off we happily make to see a concert recording with live production.
B0037W68F4|5.0|Was so excited when I saw this cover at Best Buy, I thought 'Wow, the new Sonic the Hedgehog'. When I got home, I stuck the disc into my PS3 and was initially disappointed to hear only music. I usually don't like music that's not being filtered by the radio or itunes. Still, something about this record kept me completely enthralled. Maybe it was the genre shifting or the unexpected turns the songs seem to take without getting too much into Mr. Bungle territory. I read some of the negative criticism this album received both here and other sources. I gotta say, you should check out that Justin Bieber kid. It's probably more up your alley (no pun intended).
B001FB55L2|4.0|The story line was perhaps the weakest part of the video.  The acting was very good, and the overall appearance was believeable. The more violent portions were managed in good taste.  I enjoyed it.
B00003CXAT|5.0|By far my favorite movie of all time, Jurassic Park exceeds all expectations as a movie would from it's vividly believable dinosaurs to a stunning cast including Sam Neil as the infamous Dr Grant who would return to Jurassic Park later for another adventure. This movie is by far a visual and theatrical masterpiece, using both C.G.I and animatronic dinosaurs to stun us as they roamed the screen. I personally reccomend this movie to everyone and anyone If thwey want to truly experience a movie that was a landmark of its time.
B0000UJDLM|3.0|My family would list this as one of their favorite movies.  However, we had a TV-version of the story - and didn't realize it had so many \\"bad\\" words. The language is just not necessary to the plot of the story.  Recently I bought a professionally made copy, to avoid all the commercials that came with the old TV-taped version...boy was I surprised! 45 \\"bad words\\"!  This is a kids story, why did it have to have so much foul language?! It wasn't just a word here and there, it was 45 bad words!
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Watched the movie in 3D and just had to have it ASAP. It seems this movie is a love or hate phenomenon! Some forget it's JUST a movie, perhaps it's because people in America can't distinguish the difference anymore between reality and fiction? I digress, played the new release Blu ray last night and was satisfied, but not ecstatic. There is no way any format other than 3D can really do this movie full justice. I was a bit taken back thinking this might possibly be the director's cut (What was I thinking) only to find there will be another release for $34.00 for that.  The movie held up, as it did with the first 3D viewing on theme and interest, of course, but it did not have the same impact as 3D. Some might wonder what 3D verse Blu Ray or DVD means? It means that 3D actually appeared far less CGI and more real than the release on Blu ray that demoted it to more of a cartoon appearance; in my humble opinion, hence a star lose.
0307387151|2.0|This was an ok book. The premise is compelling, but the writing is so dense.  I almost gave up after about a quarter of the book because I couldn't tell what it was about.  Pages and pages go by without anything happening. I kept reading because I wanted to know how it turned out but it was painful along the way.  This story probably would've made a great novella.  Plus it's depressing, although one should surmise that in advance given its title.
B000TTRGUE|5.0|I use this one for a home video conference center and it works perfect with Behringer 502 mixer super sensitive and beautiful sound
1416549447|5.0|One section of the book referred to ligaments and tendons being like \\"rubber bands\\" in that they would store and release energy when stretched.  Ligaments hold our joints together.  If they were to stretch like rubber bands, they would not provide stability for our joints.  Tendons connect muscles to bones.  If tendons were like rubber bands, the contractile force developed by our muscles would not be transmitted to the bones to cause movement.  I have played with some of the running technique and have found them very helpful.  Brian Lambert, PT
B00004VVNB|5.0|This has been a favorite movie for a long time. The reasonable pricing and quick delivery were mos appreciated.
0156027321|5.0|Life of Pi by Yann Martel is one of those novels that everyone and their mother seems to have read about 5 years ago, but ended up on my bookshelf, only to be overlooked and forgotten in multiple moves.  I finally pulled it out to take with me on my trip to Houston and ended up absolutely loving it.<br /><br />Piscine Molitor Patel, known to \\"all\\" as Pi (i.e. 3.14), comes from a small Indian territory called Pondicherry.  Son of a zookeeper, Pi has spent part of his youth exploring and practicing multiple religions, from his native Hinduism to Islam to Christianity.  When Pi is sixteen, his family and their zoo animals emigrate from India to Canada aboard a Japanese cargo ship, which sinks along the way.  Pi finds himself stuck in a lifeboat with a number of zoo animals, including a 450-pound Bengal tiger.<br /><br />The book tells more than the story of a stranded teenager and his ark full of animals.  It is a look into religious beliefs and faith, the importance (or lack thereof) of material goods in one's life, and the indomitable will of human beings and animals to not only survive, but flourish under conditions of adversity.  Pi's story is told non-linearly, with interruptions to recount stories of his past or accounts of interviews that occur in his future.  Rather than detracting from the plot, this only serves to strengthen the story-line and give deeper emotion to every castaway scene the reader encounters.<br /><br />Yann Martel's prose is beautiful and humorous.  Descriptions of the littlest thing can leave you wondering why you never looked at the item that way before, and his observations on people and religions are interesting and often profound.<br /><br />Life of Pi lends an element of the fantastic to the story, while at the same time appears as if the story could have be an all-too-real occurrence.  The unique blend of zoological, philosophical, and religious insights draws you in and lets your mind chew on a heavy meal while your eyes hunger for the rest of Pi's castaway tale.  It's a brilliant story by a wonderful storyteller, and one I'd recommend for anyone who wants a deeper look into the human condition.It's a brilliant story by a wonderful storyteller, and one I'd recommend for anyone who wants a deeper look into the human condition.
B00127RAJY|5.0|UPDATE.... I've been at it almost 30 days now. Although I haven't lost 20lbs (i didnt expect too) I have lost 10 lbs. I do it almost daily (i've missed about 4 days total) & switch between the levels. I eat fairly healthy during the week but come weekend it's a free for all!! So I know it's the tape thats helping me.  Though I don't sweat like a pig anymore while doing the workout, my muscles still burn and I figured if the time comes that nothing aches or burns while i'm working out i can just up my weights ( I currently only use 2 lb hand weights. All in all I love this DVD & I'm going to keep at it maybe adding in a little extra cardio & ab work as time goes on.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|The music is beautiful and the songs are so emotionally strong. I highly recommend this soundtrack to ANYONE! great for all ages.  Stephen Schwartz is a musical god.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|This is a must own and share movie for everyone who loves this country. It is thought provoking and inspiring.
0071636080|5.0|An excellent read for communicators with anything of value to be shared with others.<br /><br />Carmine gets lost at times with too much Steve Jobs worshiping but the essence of the message and content is great.<br /><br />It take a brave soul to stand in front of many, with nothing but an image and a story and be memorable, a very well rehearsed, brave soul.<br /><br />Stay hungry, stay foolish.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|How on earth did I miss this when I was living in England in 1979/80?  I was there when The Skids, Buzzcocks, UK Subs, The Damned and... gosh, was it The Sex Pistols or Public Image?  I remember my father-in-law being very upset with his 12 year-old son for bringing \\"Friggin' in the Riggin\\" into the home.  Anyway, I recall people I worked with talking about The Clash like they were real heroes, someone at the factory had a London Calling poster on an office wall.  All of this stuff just made my jaw drop.  I didn't get it at all.  I thought it was pure crap and didn't give it more notice than to shake my head.  I was more of a King Crimson, Miles Davis, etc type of listener, all the aforementioned stuff was rubbish.  Really focusing on music that wasn't particularly popular and coming from the same place but lots of virtuosity.<br /><br />Fast forward to 2010, back in the states, and I see London Calling one of the big box stores when I'd nipped in to purchase The Jungle Book for my grand-daughter.  It's unbelievable, fantastic.  The width and breadth of this release is just stunning and I MUST have more.  There is so much I could write and say about this.  I once wrote that The Beatles \\"Revolver\\" was rock's \\"Kind of Blue\\".  If that the case then \\"London Calling\\" is Ornette Coleman's \\"Shape of Jazz to Come\\" and Miles' \\"Bitches Brew\\" rolled into one.  I could just go on and on and on.  Take it from a guy who really thought he knew it ALL.  This is truly fantastic and you should buy it right this minute.  I've had it for five days and have listened at least twice per day since purchase.  I just can't believe the power in/of this music.
006135323X|5.0|Very interesting account of the cultural and emotional influences that shape human decision making processes with some very relevant observations pertinent to security professionals
8862933177|5.0|Moleskin has created another innovative and superb product. This film journal is finely made and include alphabetized tabs for recording movies you have seen. There is space for detailed information such as actors, where/when seen, year filmed, and more. For movie buffs like me it is a must. There's also information about various film festivals. The second half of the journal contains blank tabs to store whatever information you like. I definitely see myself continuing to use this product and I look forward to checking out more in the series.
0316017922|5.0|Again, another thought inspiring addition to the collection. Recommended reading to consultants and managers of risk and those conducting predictive analysis of events and actions that create issues for companies.<br /><br />Of particular interest was the study and recommendations around crisis management and aviation disasters. Further to that point was insightful comment and analysis on cultural and environmental influences very important to crisis leaders and emergency managers.
B0035G5IOE|5.0|A wonderfully funny movie, but appropriate for kids and adults, alike.  We now say \\"What the cuss?\\" all of the time -- a really funny way to sound naughty without really being so.  I can't wait to watch it again, because I know I missed some other hidden treasures in this one.
0316010669|5.0|Again, another interesting read with significant relevance to the security professional, despite not being immediately apparent for the less experienced\\"
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I'll keep this short.  Yes, Avatar loses some luster by not being in 3D yet.  Yes, there is a 4-disc special edition coming out right before Christmas.  Yes, there are no special features.  And yes, this package is still worth it.  There are no special features OR previews.  However, the complete dual-layer blu-ray disc is used up.  This means that Avatar has the whole disc to use solely for the movie.  And this really shows.  The picture quality is perfect.  It's not 3D, but its still razer sharp and extremely colorful.  It's perfect.  The audio is equally perfect.  While not having as many features as other blu-rays, it still comes with the DVD version for free.  And the price is right, considering it just launched yesterday.  Avatar will never look better on blu-ray, since the disc is completely devoted to the video.  If you loved Avatar, just get it.  If you really don't have $20 to spend and want to wait 8 months, just pass.  But the video still looks fantastic.  This is the type of disc you purchase to show off to your friends how amazing blu-rays can look.
1400064287|5.0|A must for all communicators, especially those who communicate with the media, stakeholders or diverse audiences. Essential and totally contrary in its methodology for making clear and concise messages that stay with audiences
B002KQ6BT6|5.0|This is the first Dan Brown novel I have read, but am not unfamiliar with his work. Being a Master Mason myself, I was very familiar with many of the signs and allusions referred to in the book. The book sparked for me a re-newed interest in my brotherhood and its history.     I am also a practicing Christian and try to live my life spiritually, as opposed to religiously. The intermingling of these concepts within the story of The Lost Symbol was invigorating, refreshing and exciting.     As a Kindle reader, I sometimes become a bit frustrated by not knowing where I am within the story as compared to the end. It's a pages vs. percentage read thing. The Lost Symbol caused me to forget that. I only put the story down when I could no longer remain awake at the end of the day. If you enjoy a fast paced, historically-based story, The Lost Symbol will not likely disappoint you.
0060926422|4.0|This book came very highly recommended so I bought it. I am happy with the condition of the book which is all I am reviewing here since I have not yet read the book.
0891419063|5.0|I've known the stories since I was a child.  We can't forget the courage these men had. Author of: [[ASIN:1450209661 And My Mother Danced with Chesty Puller: Adventures of a Marine in the rear, to combat in Vietnam]]
B0017KIBAI|5.0|This is a great controller. It works just as well as the original, except it is a little better due to the 10 foot cord. There isn't much more to say except for that it is well designed, comfortable, and durable. Great work, Nintendo.    It may be more expensive than the generic controllers, but it is well worth it. I have been through about 5 or 6 off-brands before deciding to invest the money on a genuine Nintendo controller. I have had an original since 2002 with no problems and am expecting the same results with this one as well.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This movie is awesome!!!!!!!! One of my favorites ever. I don't need extras with a movie. The film speaks for itself!!!
0307463745|5.0|libro molto interessante su come gestire un'azienda in modo moderno e smart<br />i prodotti di 37signals.com sono un'eccezionale esempio di semplicit&agrave; e usabilit&agrave; e i medesimi concetti sono contenuti in questo libro.
B001QOGYBI|5.0|When we saw Fantastic Mr. Fox in the theater, our daughter declared her desire to see it again before we walked out the door. We wholeheartedly agreed. This is one of those wonderful children's movies that works on enough levels that adults can enjoy it, and the fact that it starts with \\"The Ballad of Davie Crocket\\" on the soundtrack, even my 69 year old father could appreciate it. The cast is a collection of Wes Anderson favorites, and their onscreen presence is not diminished by the fact that you can't see them. George Clooney's portrayal of Mr. Fox (his first Anderson film I believe,) is just right, increasing my respect in his abilities as an actor. Meryl Streep's performance of Mrs. Fox is wonderful, but you hardly realize it's her.    This DVD version of the movie has a few nice extras showing how the animation was done. Behind the scenes views such as this are always fun, but for a stop-motion-animation movie, it really increases your appreciation of what it takes to create such a vision.    This movie is bound to become a cult classic (much like other Anderson films,) but with the advantage of being a cult classic that can span generations--how many movies can claim that?
B002HNA95O|2.0|Creating a single disc compilation of Madonna's \\"greatest hits\\" is impossible. Since the early 80's Madonna has churned out numerous hits and has had over 10 number 1 singles in the United States. So what should one expect from a single disc Madonna compilation? I would expect a career spanning retrospective that seems to encapsulate the many different incarnations of the \\"Material Girl.\\" For me Celebration fails to represent Madonna's career as a whole and the sequencing of the tracks is just horrible. I am one of those rare people that still sit down and listen to a whole album, and Celebration felt more like a sporadic bi-polar shift from one track to the next. \\"Frozen\\" should NEVER come before \\"Material Girl.\\" While I do not disapprove of a non-chronological Madonna compilation, I would expect there to be a flow in the album. Unfortunately, that is exactly what Celebration lacks.     CELEBRATION - REMASTERD & REVISITED (How the track list should've looked)    01. Music  02. Lucky Star  03. Material Girl  04. Open Your Heart  05. Crazy For You*  06. Ray Of Light*  07. Like A Virgin  08. 4 Minutes  09. Holiday*  10. Don't Tell Me  11. Like A Prayer  12. Frozen*  13. Papa Don't Preach  14. Die Another Day*  15. Vogue  16. Hung Up*  17. Take A Bow*  18. Celebration    (* = Radio Edit) Yes, some \\"essential\\" tracks are missing but I feel like my list is more comprehensive and, aside from Erotica, each album is represented.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|The best and most fun adaptation of a timeless story, packaging is very well done. Warm fuzzy disney buzz as soon as ups dropped it off.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|For the movie, I am not going to make myself an expert critic but I could see why it didn't fetch a lot of bald men at the \\"O\\". My young kids who are more than curious as always to see new home videos as heavily advertised as this were not as enthusiastic-one stayed to watch a little bit and left for bed, the other one never joined us but continued to finish another movie in the other room. Video/audio transfer is mediocre. I could see the layers on my 92\\" inch screen!  Colors and patterns are inconsistent. No 3D version yet. Audio is not 7.1 DTS-Master.  Bonus features ?! Wow, this means we will shed more $$$ for future version/s! Didn't they already make a lot? Overall, hats off to Jim Cameron but I dare say that I was not impressed this time. But, buy this for the sake of keeping a copy of one of the most successful movies of all time!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|I loved every minute of this movie and knew I would because I love history.<br /><br />The actors were believable. I almost still believe they were the characters they played. The plot was fascinating and helped me understand that time a great deal better than I did.<br /><br />After watching the movie, I watched the extras, even some deleted or shortened scenes, and enjoyed every moment of that as well.<br /><br />I would say that this movie is better than most, if you are a lover of history and/or romance. If you aren't, you probably won't like it. I loved it!
B003405MF6|5.0|based on my title, i guess you could say i am biased  this is a very emotional CD.... i felt it and was caught up in it the first time i listened.  it almost reminds me of Metheny's secret story, in the fact that continuity of the songs should not be altered once you \\"get it\\"  i love Jeff Beck and he has earned the right to put out whatever he wants.  i am so happy to listen to this over and over again.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|It is very very hard for me to give this low stars, but I am not reviewing the movie, I am reviewing the blu-ray.  The Movie gets 5 stars as a movie, the blu-ray gets 1-star as a blu-ray disc.  BUT it also include a standard DVD as part of the package.  So overall all the average is 3 stars.  First let me just say it is very very beautiful to look at on a 50in Plasma tv.  THAT being aid it has NO, i repeat NO special features.  I did not know this when I pre-order the DVD (when it was originally price at $39.00).  Now I know why it is 50% off.  The blu-ray has only the version that was in theaters and it sounds great and it looks great, but since this is 2010, we are now spoiled.  We want more than just the movie, at least I do.  And we know what they did with Terminator 2 and the many versions of DVD that came out on.  We know that Cameron likes to tell us about his movie, and how it is made.  We seen specials on TV (HBO) on Avatar.  Yet all we get is just the movie... HIGHLY DISAPPOINTING.  For those who haven't seeen the movie, I say get it immediately. For those that want more, wait, there will be a special featured AVATAR released in the future.  We may see a slow roll out of this movie (basically several versions) for months because a popular movie like this, they want you to buy multiple copies.  Here is a novel ideal... if you buy this version, give it away as a gift to someone who hasn't seen it or to a child once the spectacular version comes out.    So in summary FIVE stars for the movie.. ONE star for the Blu-ray.  Also no 3D version either
B002RKSZK8|5.0|There are two free electronic versions of this book, both dated March 17, 2006.  The other version of [[ASIN:B002RKS81O Sense and Sensibility]] was clearly a transfer from a free electronic copy -- containing a partially missing introduction, an erroneous index of illustrations (which are not contained in the book), and hard coded page numbers which just waste space on each page which don't make a lot of sense in a Kindle version and just take up space on the screen.  Overall, this is a much cleaner transfer.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|purchased the blu-ray from a place that starts with a \\"T\\" for $19.99, I'm very cheap.  Had to update the firmware on my BR player in order to view the movie buuut once that was done the movie loaded fine and the picture quality looked great on my LCD TV. Watched it in the dark (fell asleep halfway through!)  I saw the movie in IMAX and well, wasn't expecting IMAX in my living room but again the picture and sound quality  rates wayyyyy up there in comparison to some other BR movies. Do I care that there weren't any special features? Do I care that there's going to be a re-release in the fall that'll include all of this and more? Will I purchase it again? No I don't care about special features and no I don't care if it's going to be released again in the fall.  Yes I will purchase that copy as well - the way I see it is this, I had all of the Pirates movies on DVD and when the BR came out I got them as well (well my wife got them for me as presents so what!) I never watch the DVD's but have them in case I want to see how dull DVD's are! I don't think that Fox has duped any of us and I don't know why some folks are quick to call \\"foul\\" it's their movie annnnd that gives them the right to do what they like. My copy will keep me happy until the fall...
B002VZ4HMY|5.0|I read this book before I knew they were making a movie. I hope they don't ruin it. From what I've seen of the trailers it looks like what I imagined. I usually have a plot figured out half way through  a book so I was reading happily along....secret military experiments, evil doctor. mysterious disappearance .. then WHAP!!! the REAL plot hit me up side the head.  I even went back and read the book again from an entirely different point of view. Don't want to give anything away but if you like mysteries you'll LOVE this one.
B000AP04MO|5.0|I like the film, but the DVD had a glitch..the first 4 scenes wouldnt play...had to skip them...  wasnt too bad as I have seen the film 4 times before ,so I didnt miss ,much...still was a shame.    movie is great though!
B001BKXUOQ|5.0|this cd is so freakin cool but i havent got a chance to watch the dvd yet.
0439023483|5.0|As I listened to my wife and boys discuss this book, I was shocked.  My curiosity drew me into their discussion and before long I found myself drawn into its pages.  I tip my hat to Suzanne Collins for crafting a storyline that pushed the envelope in such an enjoyable manner.  A must read for all dads!
0812973992|2.0|Reading 'Make the Great World Spin' was not a good or bad experience, it was just fine. There were some good passages, but overall I found it lacking, often flipping to the back of the back of the book to see how many pages I had left to read. I found it to be predictable, though very well suited for a big screen adaptation, which I'm sure will be coming soon. Perhaps my expectations for this book were too high after reading multiple grand reviews, I was hoping for the next 'Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close', but instead found a fully capably writer handling powerful subject matter with delicate care and delivering a \\"safe\\" story.
0307463745|5.0|Caught this book off of a CNBC blog where it was introduced by the following tag line, \\"Want to Be Successful? Think Like a Drug Dealer.\\"  That was crazy enough to catch my attention.  Love its quick topic driven summaries - an easy format to read.  I love how the authors aren't afraid to kick against the norms while subsequently offering fresh insights that make you sit back and reflect.  This will be required reading for all three of my boys as they enter college.
B0039UTDA6|1.0|Echoing what most others have said, the American version of Life was such a let down. If you are going to spend the money, buy the original BBC version.    And, for what it's worth, Oprah should stick to her day job as a talk show host and retire from the voice over/narration work.
0307266303|4.0|I loved the book, as an anthro buff I really enjoyed it more than most any other book I've read about the history of running.  The jumping around was a little jarring, but it kept me on my feet (haha) and paying attention.  The only complaint I have has really nothing to do with the book, but the kindle edition download needs to have an active table of contents.  Otherwise I love it and have recommended it to many friends, even non running friends.  i also managed to tick off my brother trying to tell him facts as I was learning them while he was watching television :)
B0036TGSYO|5.0|For the love of God make it so. I have been dying to buy this movie in blu ray so that I can pull up my couch right to the TV and watch it in all its brilliance.
B0037SQ3C6|3.0|After over two years' absence from the discography sector, Chinese piano star Yundi LI returns with a full set of Chopin's Nocturnes under the blessing of EMI.<br />The recorded sound is EXCEEDINGLY good. The production team has made it absolutely clear that Mr. LI's new release will not be defiled.<br />And Mr. LI himself has gritted his teeth, too.<br />The touching and phrasing are all there, for sure. And Mr. LI, in his 28th year (NOT 25th), is maturing into a seasoned pianist technically and to a certain extent interpretively.<br />Yet, I agree with Santa Fe here, Mr. LI has still to prove that he is an unique Chopin interpretor by just 'letting go' more.<br />For the past three years or so, Mr. LI has treaded on the wrong pianistic path for himself by including Prokofiev's, Moussorgsky's and other warhorse compositions into his repertoire. He has made a critically disastrous performance of Tcchikovsky's No. 1 Concerto last year in Singapore. Having said that, Mr. LI's strength definitely does not lie in those pyrotechnic showpieces.<br />As contrasted with Lang Lang, Yundi LI has more musical balance and sense of rhythm. These he can manipulate to good end, given the right repertoire.<br />These Nocturnes show that LI is best at home in the classical and early romantic period repertoire. As yet, he has still to savour these works' shape and form in order to dwell deeper beyond the surface of them.<br />What I for one would loath to see is a second EMI album from Yundi LI on technically demanding showpieces.
B00275EGWY|3.0|I gave this movie three stars because I felt a lack of story and character development to some extent.  I believe the directing was good and the actors did a good job portraying the challenges our brave men and women face everyday.  This movie seems to depict a solid tension that someone feels in the heat of dismantling a bomb and having to watch every corner in a war zone.    I cannot speak too much to the authenticity of the movie itself because I haven't been over to Iraq nor served in the military, but I am a military brat and I can say at least from a pure movie value, its a solid pick, but definitely missing something to be considered best picture.
B00008973A|4.0|I saw the stage version twice, and was not disappointed in the movie version. I would reccomend this movie to any fan of musicals, and especially of dancing.  As usual, Amazon shipped the dvd promptly. Take advantage of free shipping when ever you can.  A.Phillips
0743270754|2.0|Pap.  This book has the ambitious title, \\"Team of Rivals\\", but the concept is never effectively explored.  The reader moves from one snippet of historical theater to another driven by the imagineering of DKG.  Each new \\"Stage\\" the on which the reader finds themselves, the author has imagined what must be going through everyone's mind, what the weather is like, what they are doing (with ever more droll degrees of banality), and its all nothing more than supposition.  This book reads more like a historical fiction novel, which is what the author ought to be writing instead.  I don't wanna hear that 'Mary Todd looked splendid in her yellow Summer dress that day' (didnt look up the exact quote, not going to), something RELEVANT to the theme of the book would be nice, not some made up nonsense.  What if someone thought she looked frumpy?  Would it even matter?  Could we move on to something important please?
B000XPU5NY|5.0|If you're a Genesis fan, I can't imagine your collection being complete without this potentially final live project. From the awesome drum duet to their first commercial success \\"Follow You, Follow Me\\" it's great from start to finish.
B002UNMWAG|1.0|....but if you're a die-hard fan of the first one, you will wish the brothers double-tapped you to put you out of your misery!<br />Recycled jokes, overuse of the prayer finishing move, and two of the most cartoony characters ever seen in a movie (the Mexican fighter and the lady-detective). The movie even jokes itself (the ambush-planning scene).<br />The movie is just a joke. And one of the brothers is just so Botoxed out of his mind, just to add insult to injury.<br />But, if you've never seen the first movie, you may just actually like this one.<br />Otherwise... you've been warned!
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I missed seeing this movie in a theater so I hope it comes back.  I can't believe anyone was disappointed in the DVD.  I just upgraded from a 20\\" TV to a 40\\" LCD HDTV and this movie blew me away.  I loved it! I remember how excited I was about standing in line to see \\"Star Wars\\" so many years ago and wish I'd done that for this one too.  The special effects are wondrous.  In my opinion James Cameron was robbed.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|When you boil this movie down, that's basically what you have. Substitute Pandora for the American plains and the Navi for the Sioux and there you have it.  It's an enjoyable movie, but nothing that's going to change your life.  And Roger Dean needs to sue whoever did the production design. They blatantly ripped off his artwork.
B002VH7P4O|4.0|(This is my preliminary review, I'll update it when the item arrives and I've finally listened through it properly).<br /><br />I've read it all; broken stems, bad stereo seperations, and most importantly - these albums are remastered, not remixed (in surround-formats). Well, I must be willing to settle for a little less as I just ordered it from an Amazon site a little closer to Scandinavia. There were only 13 of them left, and I'd hate to miss out on this eyecatching wonder of practical digital music. Maybe it was when I was window shopping a few days ago that the urge truly took over - in the local album store were both box sets and the seperate albums - but more expensive, taking up more space, and in \\"measly\\" 16-bit quality.<br /><br />Through some favourable circumstances, I've actually already had the chance to give these a very brief listen. As sad as I am that they haven't been given the [[ASIN:B000JJS8TM Love (CD + Audio DVD)]]-treatment, they're really decent enough (for now). I'm going to focus on my desktop system to get the most juice out of it, and complement it with some solid headphones, and only then will I be able to give a worthy review of what these FLACs are capable of. As it's been noted, it's really a shame that they didn't take the time to go all-out for an \\"Ultimate DVD-Audio Box Set\\" with remixed 5.1 and DTS audio, because I'll say it again: [[ASIN:B000JJS8TM Love (CD + Audio DVD)]] is (in my young man's opinion) the best (digital) Beatles music experience to date (the music's as sharp and clear as an icycle). Even if you're \\"just\\" listening to the CD it's clearly a step above these dusted off versions. To Apple Corp: disassemble, polish, new digital masters! Until that day I'll settle for an apple in the midst of my CD collection, my first Beatles collection set. And hopefully, not the last.
B0036XN2L2|2.0|Sadly the Scorpions should have closed the curtain after the surprisingly good Humanity Hour 1. The deft touch that Desmond Child added to that record is sorely missing on this disappointing effort. Meine sounds as good as ever, and Shenker can still create a great hook but the lyrics are just lazy. For instance, check out these gems-   \\"Come on, come on, come on, come on!  Come on baby shake that thing  I'm gonna turn you on!  Yeah! Yeah!  I'm gonna turn you on!\\"  or   \\"Shake me  Bake me  Break me  Take me where the sun don't shine\\"    While the Scorpions have never been known for exceedingly deep lyrics in their non-ballads, the effort put forth here is just embarrassingly juvenile. Every Scorpions album has several songs that would be rated an 8,9, or 10 with the rest in the 6 or 7 range. Unfortunately, the only song that even approaches an 8 would be \\"Raised on Rock\\", the rest sound like filler that had been cut from previous albums and rate in the 4-7 range.    The reviewers who are rating this with 4 or 5 stars are really doing a disservice to the terrific efforts that came before. I can only assume that they are rating the group and not the album on its meager merits. I'm not going to bash them too much since they are my favorite group of all time, but I would have liked them end with a bang and deliver a final album even on par with Humanity rather than this forgettable whimper.
B001UDPAB0|5.0|Movies like this are right up there with scar face and the godfather.  The movie is intelligent without being over your head and it is fast paced enough to keep your attention.  The continuity is great i love how they kept each actor in their role all throughout the trilogy, and I know how difficult that can be to accomplish.  Don't just watch one of these watch all of them.  They are hours of fun for the whole family
6302541824|5.0|Saturn 3 is a great action adventure scifi film with Kirk Douglas and Farrah Fawcett.
B0035J6TAI|3.0|We have most of Peter Gabriel's albums and really enjoy them, but this one, though a technically beautiful recording, was a bit of a surprise. All the songs seem downbeat versions of themselves, which is not what we expect of PG at all. If you like melancholy songs and subdued renditions, you'll enjoy this one. If you prefer a bit of upbeat liveliness in your music, buy another PG album (almost any of them) instead.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly the Complete Series is a very good scifi show. If you like scifi then this show is for your viewing pleasure.
000721328X|4.0|The only reason I don't give this five stars is because it's abridged. John Sessions does a wondrous job differentiating characters, and reads with as apparent relish that made me long all the more for the full, unabridged version of this, one of my favourite-ever books.
0786868724|3.0|Easy read - somewhat enjoyable.  I think the problem here is that Mitch Albom has been trying to recapture the magic of Tuesdays with Morrie and has not been able to do so since.  In fairness to Mitch Albom, this would be hard for anyone to do.  He tries to replicate the formula by writing (again) about his visits with a dying man, but this time it comes off as cliche and hoaky.
1593081545|4.0|Even the best authors in the world sometimes put out something that... well, isn't up to their usual standards. For Jane Austen, that book was \\"Mansfield Park\\" --  her prose is typically excellent, and she weaves a memorable story about a poor young lady in the middle of a wealthy, dysfunctional family. But put bluntly, Fanny Price lacks the depth and complexity of Austen's other heroines.<br /><br />As a young girl, Fanny Price was sent from her poor family to live with her wealth relatives, the Bertrams, and was raised along with her four cousins Tom, Edmund, Maria and Julia.<br /><br />Despite being regarded only little better than a servant (especially by the fawning, cheap Mrs. Norris), Fanny is pretty happy -- especially since Edmund is kind and supportive of her at all times. But then the charming, fashionable Crawford sibilings arrive in the neighborhood, sparking off some love triangles (particularly between Maria and Henry Crawford, even though she's already engaged.<br /><br />And the whole thing becomes even more confused when Henry becomes intrigued by Fanny's refusal to be charmed by him as the others are. But when she rejects his proposal, she ends up banished from her beloved Mansfield Park... right before a devastating scandal and a perilous illness strikes the Bertram family. Does Fanny still have a chance at love and the family she's always been with?<br /><br />The biggest problem with \\"Mansfield Park\\" is Fanny Price -- even Austen's own mother didn't like her. She's a very flat, virtuously dull heroine for this story; unlike Austen's other heroines she doesn't have much personality growth or a personal flaw to overcome. And despite being the protagonist, Fanny seems more like a spectator on the outskirts of the plot until the second half (when she has a small but pivotal part to play in the story).<br /><br />Fortunately she's the only real flaw in this book. Austen's stately, vivid prose is full of deliciously witty moments (Aunt Norris \\"consoled herself for the loss of her husband by considering that she could do very well without him\\"), some tastefully-handled scandal, and a delicate house-of-romantic-cards that comes crashing down to ruin people's lives (and improve others). And she inserts some pointed commentary on people who care more about society's opinions than on morality.<br /><br />And the other characters in the book are pretty fascinating as well -- especially since Edmund, despite being a virtuous clergyman-in-training, is an intelligent and strong-willed man. The Bertrams are a rather dysfunctional family with a stern patriarch, a fluttery ethereal mother, a playboy heir and a couple of spoiled girls -- Maria in particular develops a crush on Henry, but doesn't bother to break off her engagement until it's too late. And the Crawfords are all flash and sparkle: a pair of charming, shallow people who are essentially hollow.<br /><br />\\"Mansfield Park\\" suffers from a rather insipid heroine, but the rest of the book is vintage Austen -- lies, romance, scandal and a dance of manners and society.ed herself for the loss of her husband by considering that she could do very well without him\\"), some tastefully-handled scandal, and a delicate house-of-romantic-cards that comes crashing down to ruin people's lives (and improve others). And she inserts some pointed commentary on people who care more about society's opinions than on morality.<br /><br />And the other characters in the book are pretty fascinating as well -- especially since Edmund, despite being a virtuous clergyman-in-training, is an intelligent and strong-willed man. The Bertrams are a rather dysfunctional family with a stern patriarch, a fluttery ethereal mother, a playboy heir and a couple of spoiled girls -- Maria in particular develops a crush on Henry, but doesn't bother to break off her engagement until it's too late. And the Crawfords are all flash and sparkle: a pair of charming, shallow people who are essentially hollow.<br /><br />\\"Mansfield Park\\" suffers from a rather insipid heroine, but the rest of the book is vintage Austen -- lies, romance, scandal and a dance of manners and society.
B000I5X81K|5.0|Not many things are perfect these days but Amazon's service and the cd's themselves were both perfect.
B000002KDX|5.0|I distinctly remember when the debut from America was released. Having also been at the beginnings of Crosby, Stills and Nash's debut, it was viewed by some rock critics as too lightweight. I confessed to being enthralled by the first single, \\"A Horse w/No Name\\" (still not sure what the song means). The harmonies and instrumentation was undeniable. I fell in love with the entire album and played it often. However, i felt compelled to not say much to my other music loving friends. It didn't have the rock credibility.    Time has proven it different. Crosby, Stills and Nash now play casinos ( a sin when they first debuted in the Woodstock era). And now America's debut continues to impress.    I followed the next few albums but wasn't a lifelong fan of their entire work. But haunted recently by this wonderful album, I had to replace the copy that is in storage somewhere.
143350393X|5.0|This study bible is perfect. There is nothing I would change about it. If you like the ESV translation, this is simply the best deal  possible on a comprehensive study Bible. It is very well made. The pages are thin yet durable. The copy I received is flawlessly bound. The formatting and reference system are easy to understand and use. Commentaries and study notes are insightful and well written. Any fan of John Piper will love this Bible. It was John Piper who first sparked my interest in the ESV translation. It is very literal and a pleasure to read. If you like the NIV or NASB, you would do well to give the ESV a chance. My  wife has an NIV Life Application Bible that I really like, but there is almost no comparison. The single column, paragraph style text is great and there are full color maps and illustrations throughout. If you are looking for a great study Bible for yourself or as a gift, you will not be disappointed.
0143116738|1.0|I seldom review books but felt like I wasted a lot of time reading this one.  I considered the other one star reviews as misguided exceptions, but they were completely on target. This book is well-written and uplifting when describing some of the extraordinary experiences of real people. But there are no new or usable concepts or takeaways from the book and references. Further, the final chapter linking the Element and Education seemed like a disjointed political manifesto with little relevance to the main theme of the book. \\"The Element\\" fails to provide what the title suggests.
0060245867|5.0|This was a delightful book. We received it as a gift about 10 plus years ago. It is one of the books you and your child will never forget. My 16 year old son still smiles and makes reference to this book when he eats a chocolate chip cookie. It features lighthearted interactions with an exasperating mouse, who never seems to be satisfied.  No sooner is one request completed than a new one takes its place. The love and attention this little boy shows the mouse is heart warming. The addition of some actual warm chocolate chips for munching, while reading this book, truly makes for a memorable read. The illustrations are charming and bring the cute little story to visual life. The exhausted mouse napping with the powder puff was one of my favorites. Not overly wordy...........just the kind of read to make you giggle and bring a smile to young faces. We still pull it off the shelf from time to time, and read it again.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|\\"Rome\\" arrived in great shape, in good time and has been a very valuable purchase.  Really enjoyed the series and am only sorry it wasn't even longer.
B0019TY084|4.0|I just lived a life and a half behind walls. My soul churned away from the body and gasped for matter. I checked my toes when oozing blood split his nails. I screamed and cursed when he found the other end of the tunnel stoned.<br /><br />Be warned: it will make you feel helpless. And hopeless. You may not like the freedom you enjoy anymore. Or perhaps you will cherish it as a gift: each day, every day.<br /><br />\\"Midnight Express\\" is not a common tale of heroism and Hollywood stunts. Neither is it about a new age youth that believed more in freedom from responsibility than freedom of the ideals. It starts from a quick adventurous act, but slowly starts to taint your values and respect for humanity. In a way it's a good lesson for those who think the world is their playground just because they were fortunate enough to be born to luxury and vanity.<br /><br />What starts as apathy for a stupid act soon becomes a battle for human rights and freedom. This movie reminds you that you really cannot get away with any wrong deed. More in some places than others, but you will pay the price. Although in all fairness, Brad Davis was exquisite in his portrayal of the strong will and courage of Billy Hayes (did I mention it is based on a true story?:-).<br /><br />I rate this move 4.8/5.0. It's pungent. But it's a bomb at that.<br /><br />To see a picture of the real Billy Hayes, the day he arrived in the U.S. on Oct 24, 1975 via Greece, visit RottenMovieReviews DOT blogspot DOT c o m and search by the movie title. It gives an eerie feeling looking through his eyes, esp after you have just seen the movie.
B000A2H2TK|5.0|We heard the original \\"Sight and Sound\\" broadcast on the BBC when it was first issued.  Went out and bought the LP but years and countries later, it had gone.  I saw there was a re-issued CD, so bought it. The music is as fresh and vibrant as the original, I was pleased to see still so much interest in this group.
B000803PKY|5.0|Jackson Browne's epic `live across America' album from 1977 was resurrected in this set in 2005 and it glows.  It contains the original mixing of the 10-song CD and a DVD with two extra songs, \\"Cocaine Again\\" and \\"Edwardsville Room 124\\".  The reproduction in surround sound is impeccable and you can hear every instrument and vocal perfectly - even the audience shout outs!<br /><br />The music is even more vibrant in surround and seems to place you directly there in the concert arena or studio.  \\"Cocaine Again\\" is a plucky little studio song that's nice, but doesn't add much to the set, however, \\"Edwardsville Room 124\\" is a pleasant mellow rock song instrumental that rounds out the collection very nicely (drums very predominant in rear speakers).<br /><br />Extras?  Each song has its own concert photo on the television set,  there is also an extensive photo album showing what it was like to travel in a tour bus and stay at Holiday Inn's.  The \\"Running On Empty\\" Video montage is brilliant with the bands photos with the song track running and the \\"Tour Photo Album\\" Video Montage pays homage to the entire bands members with instrumentals mixed form various songs.  Oh, yes, the lyrics are all provided and there is a computer Web Link, as well.<br /><br />The fold-out contains a small booklet with fine liner notes by Anthony DeCurtis (music critic) and Cameron Crowe (director).  This set is a classic and a keeper!
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|When I was younger I had just begun to explore anime, and I remember a friend of mine telling me, \\"Whatever else you may watch, you MUST see Neon Genesis Evangelion\\". And he was right, it really was (and is) a must-see series. as many other reviewers have stated, it explores large scale concepts that you usually don't see too much in any kind of series, anime or not. In the original 26-part series, I was captivated by the basic story and exciting visuals/music, but more than that the ideas really hooked me and stuck with me. With the framework of giant robot battles, there is a wealth of symbolism and especially parallelism - between Shinji and Rei, between the Evas and Angels, between NERV and the city, you name it. Death and rebirth, even the purpose of life and death, are issues central to the story. The plot ostensibly is about giant killing machines, called Angels, that attack Japan, and about a boy named Shinji who arrives to pilot one of the counterweapons, EVAs, created by his father. However Shinji's journey is much more complicated then it first appears and what he expects it to be; he remains an angst-driven, reluctant and petulant hero but learns a great deal about the nature of humanity along the way.    I'm glad to report that the Rebuild of Evangelion retains much of the power, structure and philosophical impact of the original series while souping it up visually and aurally like never before. This updated version of the first of four films, title \\"You Are (Not) Alone\\", is absolutely fantastic and rectifies some of the previous lighting issues in the first release. The image quality and clarity is absolutely stunning, definitely a reference-level movie. The 4th Angel attack alone is mind-blowing, with it morphing into all sorts of digital wonderments with a glassy, reflective look - all the while blowing stuff up like crazy. Shinji's training sequence and all of the Eva arming/dispatch sequences along with the attacks really shine in the rebuild. Andthe quality of the lighting is amazing in scene after scene, whether it be liquid blood drops splattering everywhere or an almost angelic, soft palette as Shinji and Rei try to connect. All the digital effects look almost photorealistic in 1080p, and the blending with the traditional art look and style is seamless. In terms of story there is pretty much every key moment re-conceptualized in some form so if you aren't familiar with the series then you really aren't missing too much information. While I do advise finding the original first, this release is strongly recommended and I for one cannot wait for the rest to come over stateside. If only they had retained the original theme song or referenced it somewhere!
B002GZQYMK|5.0|Really loved MUSE on both TWILIGHT soundtracks so couldn't resist buying Resistance. It's perfect. Lot's of rock@roll, and homages to QUEEN AND LED ZEPPELIN...It's sufficiently intense to be more than background.Love the piano.  I'm a grandma who went to Woodstock and still feel very connected to rock. Wonderful to hear it continue.
B0036B8MXC|5.0|and Andy Whitfield wins his battle with cancer. Collect this video as well as HBO's \\"Rome\\" and you're set if you're a fan of great films about ancient Rome.  It is not for everybody - but the cast and writing are terrific - and so are the physiques! Oh, don't forget to pick up \\"I Claudius\\" too.
B002VECM72|5.0|This true Story is a must see. To view the move it's self is wonderful. But to realize that this is a true family that did this for this young man. That's the story I want more of and know. The movie is Great there is No dought that Ms Sara earned the Oscar for her best performance ever! She play this part as I would expect her to be in real life. Ms Sara you were and are WONDERFUL!    You are true to carator! In Dumping Jesse, the real looser but he earned it!
B000GTJT16|5.0|I have both versions of Sleepy Hollow after buying the Bluray I was hugely let down by the worse than vhs quality of the picture. I managed to find a copy of the HDDVD to download and the picture quality is a thousand times clearer. Find the HDDVD copy don't bother with the Bluray.
0307387178|3.0|I expected a different type of book. This is more like a documentary than a fun story. If you're looking for a character analysis or historical facts about the case, then this is a good book. It's just not what I expected.
020530902X|5.0|This book served me well when I was an editor/writer long ago and I view it as a must have for all writers. Now that my son is writing, I got this for him and he told me that every other writer in his department had a copy of it. It should be required for all writers and non-writers both. I can't recommend it enough!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie blows me away, the visuals, the sound and overall the performances from the actors, YES ACTORS, as the actors played the animated characters in real life, the CG then placed over their \\"skeleton\\". The only sad thing is, no extras, yes, the picture quality for 50GB's I understand, but they could've released the various disc edition, period.. will get it in November however, as I didn't wanted to wait till November... that's 7 months, I'll have money in 7 months, right? Watched it, blown away, my favorite movie as of today... 5 stars Avatar!
B00383ZTXO|5.0|Finally I can finally listen to my favorite album the way it is supposed to sound. This new re-issue sounds almost identical to the original 1973 version and nothing like the 1997 version...thank God.    I never understood why everyone (rock critics) where so whiny about the \\"Bowie Mix\\". Way to much was made of it's alleged inferiority. If it was so bad then why is this one of the most beloved records of all time? I thought the mix was highly creative and made the band sound sinister, mysterious and electrifying. I really love how this album has a sense of urgency and it continually surprises you. And that's exactly what resurfaces in this newest release. \\"Raw Power\\" is a phenomenal record.    The live disk \\"Georgia Peaches\\" is easily the best Stooges live album besides \\"Metallic K.O\\" but \\"Georgia Peaches\\" has much better sound quality. This is the first and only recording you can actually....clearly hear Ron Asheton play bass on. Ron's bass style and attack rivals and sometimes overpowers James Williamson guitar and the result is thrilling. The band sounds really tight and the crowd is engaged making this a stand alone Stooges record and not unnecessary fluff or filler.    And we get a fully mixed outtake \\"Doojiman\\" form the original Raw Power. The Stooges had a habit of ending there albums with a free form jam and \\"Doojiman\\" is very much like \\"L.A. Blues\\" or \\"We Will Fall\\", and I wish they would have left it on the original record. Stooges fans will already be familiar with the version of \\"Head On\\" as it has appeared on previous compilations.    The \\"Raw Power\\" re-issue is well thought out and doesn't disappoint.
B002SF9YNO|5.0|What you probably know: this is a film about a Japanese cellist whose orchestra is dissolved.  He misreads a job ad and finds himself applying for a position as an assistant to a man who prepares bodies for their coffins (and, then, their cremation).  The process is beautifully ritualistic, a very professional act of loving care.  His wife is embarrassed by her husband's job and returns to her parents' home (waiting for her husband to find a new job).  What happens, of course, is that the cellist discovers both the art and the humaneness of his new position and pursues it with the passion and skill that he brought to his cello playing.  In the process he even has the opportunity to reconnect with the father who abandoned him.  The film is sweet, heartfelt, amusing in a host of ways and very, very moving.<br /><br />What you probably don't know: the script is perfect, the acting pitch-perfect, the direction simply amazing.  Film schools often teach direction using the grand-scale example of David Lean.  Lean is a magnificent director, but for those making a smaller, more personal film with a limited budget this work of Takita's could serve as a new exemplar.<br /><br />This is the kind of film Hollywood seldom makes and more's the pity.  It assumes that there are common elements in human nature; it addresses universal human emotions and it manages to be deadly serious in a lighthearted, touching, totally-apolitical way.  Ladies and gentlemen, this is the filmmaker's craft at its highest level of skill.  It is not a film that will change your life; it is one that will endlessly enrich it, by confirming the beauty, humor and pathos of human life and death.
0385341008|5.0|It's been a while since I've read something that grabbed my attention without vampires or other supernatural creatures but this simple, lovely story certainly did.  What a pleasure to move into the lives and hopes of these modest people and to see the strength of their character and the impact they had during the war.  Marvelous storytelling done with letters back and forth to each other that inspires one to put ink to paper once again.  LOVED THIS BOOK!
B002VECM4A|3.0|It's hard to know what to say about this movie and this review isn't going to be some in-depth analysis. There are plenty on those all over the web from every Doctor So-and-So you can imagine; this is just the thoughts of a common, garden variety movie-watcher.  The first thing that struck me about Precious was how well everyone played their role, even Mariah, though to be fair her part is barely more than sitting and nodding now and then, but she sat and nodded very believably!  The second thing I noticed was that the movie seemed to be incredibly racist and as a white American I thought, \\"Maybe I've just been programmed to think that everything is racist because we live in an overly sensitive society where if you say anything about anyone who isn't white, you're a racist.\\" So I don't know. I'll try to explain.    *All the Other Reviews Have Already Spoiled the Entire Plot, So These Aren't Really Spoilers, but I'll Warn You Anyway*    FIrstly, I found it very odd that everyone in the movie seemed to have a decidedly \\"ho-hum\\" attitude towards the fact that Precious had two kids by her HIV-positive father. Her teacher, guidance counselor, whoever were all completely non-plussed by this news that should have been stomach-churning. It's like the movie was trying to say that it's completely normal and boring for poor black kids to be having their father's AIDS babies. Really? I don't know about that message...  And how many \\"stereotypically poor black\\" problems did Precious have to have? Did she really have to be on welfare, illiterate, a failure at school, pregnant, fat, the victim of child abuse as well as sexual abuse AND HIV-positive? Man! Really? They couldn't have picked, like, three? Too bad there wasn't time in the movie for her to join a gang and go to prison! Maybe in the sequel. All I'm saying is that even though I am white, I grew up in a very poor, predominantly black part of town and none of the kids I went to school with (most of whom were black) had halfof the problems this movie suggests are normal for all poor black people. Certainly all of them could read.  And it is also somewhat interesting to note that all of the light-skinned, thin characters in the movie are intelligent, well-spoken, compassionate and educated while all the frumpy, dark-skinned characters are stupid, illiterate, helpless, full of self-loathing and completely broken in every conceivable way, not to mention only able to be saved by the light-skinned, thin characters who have everything together in their lives.  Is the film racist? I don't know. I'm not a thinker; I'm just a watcher. But I will say that I am not the type of person who sees racism in everything. I think the whole race thing in this country is completely blown way out of proportion, but this movie? It's hard to look at it and not see a lot of strange stuff going on. And I really cringe when I see people saying, \\"This movie is so true!\\" There's no way any of this can be \\"so true\\" for more than just the smallest, tiniest percentage of the US population. Like probably less than .0000001 percent of the US population has Precious' life and the way the movie brazenly hints that her life is a wide-spread epidemic that most if not all black people would identify with is not good, in my opinion.  And I do think the movie is really bad for all the racist people who are out there and who have already latched onto this as their proof that this is \\"the way inner-city black people really are\\". This in no way should be used as a guidebook to how any group of people \\"really is\\". Even though, of course I guess a lot of black people probably think that Napoleon Dynamite is how most white people really are. So it balances out, I guess. Ha.
B002ZG977Y|4.0|Demi-god Perseus (Sam Worthington), the son of Zeus (Liam Neeson) and a human mother, undertakes a quest to save the city of Argos from the wrath of the Kraken, an enormous sea monster that the gods plan to release as punishment for defiance.    Director Louis Leterrier keeps the pace snappy and handles CGI creatures well, as he demonstrated with \\"The Incredible Hulk.\\"  Some reviewers want more story, but it seems to me that the figures of Greek myth are generally at the mercy of fate and destiny, so I didn't miss the lack of motivations rooted deeply in character.  I also didn't mind the scrambling of mythology, although I wouldn't recommend this movie as a source for college students trying to crank out a term paper on Greek myths at the last minute.  I didn't even mind Perseus's buzzcut in a world where everyone else (even some of the women) have beards and long hair.  At least it's easy to pick him out of a crowd.  The giant scorpions, the Medusa, the harpies, and the Kraken all looked great and the action was exciting enough to keep me happily shoveling popcorn into my mouth.      BTW, I elected to see the film in 2D since I had read some bad reviews of the murky look of the film after the last minute decision to switch it to 3D.  \\"Avatar\\" demonstrated that 3D technology has finally arrived and is worth the extra bucks when done right.  However, too many Hollywood productions trying to jump onto the bandwagon with substandard product may make moviegoers think twice about paying higher ticket prices.
B002ZTQVGQ|4.0|Everyone can enjoy this film and it is a fantastic movie to watch with that special someone as its super cute yet will make a guy look more sensitive :). I loved this film I've seen it twice in the cinema the secound time was through massive effort of the local anime community they brought it over to my small island home local cinema. The first was better in a massive American cinema though.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I just sat down to watch this excellent movie, and about 20 minututes into it, the picture stopped working. I stopped the movie and hit play again and a screen popped up saying that my player needs to be updated.  I went to the directed site for the firmware update which is the same as I currently have loaded.  So now I am stuck waiting for an update to be released in order to watch the movie.  DON\\"T let 20th Century Fox get away with releasing products that cannot readily be played on players that ARE up to date.    On a side note the 1* review is not directed towards the film, but at the company that released it and made me waste my time and money.
B002WY65UQ|5.0|We love this movie...<br />dear fans of the weird and bizarre,<br />.... it is about a girl's school for young ladies that just can't quite fit into any other school, run by teachers who are even more dodgy. The school is in trouble with the board of education and the Inland Revenue (IRS) and the film centers on the less than legal, but very clever way, they seek to solve these difficulties. Anarchy rules ST. Trinian's in the form of Miss Fritton, the head mistress in every sense of the word, who loves her school, and her girls and is determined to prepare them for life and success in a hard, cold world. All this is complicated by the arrival of Miss Fritton's niece who is certain she belongs elsewhere and doesn't realize at first that elsewhere is exactly where she's arrived.<br />Strangely, it is not entirely dissimilar to the school we attended when we were very young.<br />kyela,<br />the silver elves
B00003CXB4|5.0|I love this movie!  The Lion King is the first animiation movie I ever \\"really\\" watched and it is now in my collection.  The music, the plot and the humor makes this a perfect movie for anyone of all ages.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|I should begin by stating that I did not particularly like 'Avatar'. The story was insipid and the acting of Sam Worthington was incredibly flat. As a SciFi buff and a fan of such speculative documentaries as Discovery's 'Alien Planet', NatGeo's 'Extraterrestrial', and BBC's 'The Future is Wild', I enjoyed the movie purely on a visual and astrobiological level. If you are like me, you get the most enjoyment out of visual films with the widest, cinemascope aspect ratio. James Cameron seemed to agree with this up until filming 'Avatar'. Almost all of Cameron's epic films utilize cinemascope, and his films are, without argument, at least visually stunning. Of course, 'Avatar' was meant to be his greatest work, for which he oddly decided to use a humdrum 1.78:1 widescreen aspect ratio. And if at this point you are very much like me, first I offer my condolences, and second, I would think you'd be asking yourself (or possibly screaming) WHY, WHY, WHY??? You'd ask this especially if you saw the 2D version in the theater and noticed that it was presented in cinemascopic 2.35:1. The reason is 3D IMAX. Cameron thought the additional height of the 1.78:1 picture would enhance the 3D and 3D IMAX experience of the film. So the film was shot entirely in 1.78:1 aspect ratio, and in a bizarre reversal the cinemascope ratio was actually cropped from that for its 2D presentation in theaters. So the good news is there is no information loss with the DVD/Blu-ray 1.78:1 AR. And the bad news is, in my opinion, that any film looks proportionally less visually stunning the squarer the picture becomes. Humans have stereoscopic vision, which makes a panoramic picture more pleasing to our eyes. And on the subject of vision, I feel it was a bit shortsighted of Cameron to shoot a film like 'Avatar' in anything less than super-wide, cinemascope ratio considering that it will ultimately be viewed far more often in 2D than 3D, which to me is gimmicky anyway. END OF RANT. :-)
0393072231|5.0|The facts in this book should be used in a court of law to prosecute those involved who so blithely farted away my retirement money. Of course, nothing will ever be done to them but this book, although horrific and terrifying, is brightly written and VERY readable.  If you've seen Micheal Lewis on the Daily Show, he writes just as cleverly as he speaks.  A witty and clear explanation of those who ended up on top when many others failed.
B000S1M9LY|4.0|There are a lot of good reviews on this book, which is part of the reason I bought it. By no means is this an easy read, but worth the time. Despite the humor, it is very dark. Or it could be said, despite being dark, it is very funny. Having learned that the author killed himself, it makes me wonder about all the map-eliminating going on in the book. I am still reeling after reading it. I will be thinking about this book for a long time.<br /><br />Note to kindle users:<br /><br /> This book is great on the kindle. With all the vocabulary, a dictionary is a must have. It saves a lot of time not having to flip a separate book open for a definition. The footnotes are also an important part of this book, which are easily navigated on the kindle.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I'm reviewing this product for what it is, not what it isn't. It isn't the special edition that Fox has clearly announced will be arriving in the Fall. It's ridiculous to give this release one star because it isn't that release.    This release is the new reference-quality Blu-ray Disc. It contains a high-definition transfer that was clearly done with love and care, with the purpose of creating a home release with no visible flaws. It is a success. Whatever you may think of the film as art or as commercial media, as a technological achievement this disc cannot rate less than 5 stars, as the best looking Blu-ray ever released.    That's what was intended. That's what was achieved. That's what you'll get if you buy it. If that's not what you want, don't buy it -- but don't badmouth it because it doesn't include content that doesn't even exist yet.
B000007MVL|5.0|This album definitely represents Kate in her heyday, before gravitating towards the more surreal and gentler mode as rendered on her Aereal album, which in itself is a work of art. Lionheart is a truly amazing and ingenious album comprising so many different elements like its twin, Never Forever. The sound is as timeless and fresh as when the album was first released...and... god! one cannot help remarking on the incredible beauty of this woman!!    Jansen(NYC)
0123694965|4.0|I enjoyed this book and the associated deck of lenses, but not as much as I had hoped. The book has many valuable lessons for anyone designing any type of game, but about 50 pages in, the focus shifts almost entirely to digital games. If that's your thing, then this is the book for you. Not just blowing smoke there - if I ever choose to migrate to making digital games, this book will be planted between my keyboard and monitor. I'll keep looking for its counterpart in the traditional (board and card) game world.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Finally saw this movie and I loved it.  It wasn't over the top, but wasn't under done.  Just right.<br />I feel that this movie reminded me why I like Sandra Bullock as an actress. She was great in this movie as well as Tim McGraw.  I'm not a big fan of McGraw in movies, but I really liked him in this one.<br />I really liked that they featured the real life Tuohy family and Michael Oher at the end of the film.  Even though I knew it was based on real life events and people, actually seeing the real people in the pictures was nice.
B000089RV6|5.0|The golden AC/DC album. This is a must for hard rock fans. All 10 songs are the boogie battle hymns.
0446401307|2.0|A blown up novella, THE OVERLOOK is a particularly minor addition to Connelly's normally excellent Harry Bosch series. Originally part of the NY Times series of weekly serials, this book worked fairly well as a short story but the expanded version brought nothing to the story. It seems to be basically a way to make another buck on what amounts to a reprint. The story itself is not a bad little mystery, but it could have been easily been part of a series of novellas or at least as part of a collection. As a stand alone, it just doesn't have enough going on to be anything more than an afterthought.
0596007124|3.0|Before buying this book, I read \\"C# 3.0 Design Patterns\\" (C3DP) as it used my preferred language.That book was not as clear as I needed, so I considered other options.    I purchased Head First Design Patterns based on reviews at this site.  For the most part, I had no problem understanding the Java, and the   implementation of most patterns into C# is straight forward.   The largest deficiency  of this book is that, unlike C3DP which gives  equal treatment to each pattern, HFDP gives provides only summary  descriptions of 9 of the 23 patterns (2 pages for each pattern.)   This kind of terseness for so many patterns is not what I was looking for.   One star lost. For most other patterns. the presentation is crystal clear.    There was a problem with the explanation of the difference between Abstract Factory  and Factory Method patterns. An elaborate Pizza-related example was used  in both patterns but then the discussion of the pattern differences completely  ignored the example and used a completely different set of terms that confused  me more that helped.    The other problem is the amount of Java-specific code.   The 70 pages devoted to the Proxy pattern had maybe 2 pages I could use  and 68 that I don't think I could translate into C#.   Also, the compound pattern chapter delved into the MVC pattern in such a way  that it was hard to see the interplay of patterns.   What is especially good for Java programmers was not so good for me and C#.   Another star lost.    Only with reservations Would I recommend this book to other C# programmers.  For maybe 16 of the patterns (excluding the 9 summarized and Proxy),which the author says are the most commonly used,readers will gain a greater understanding compared to that gained from the C3DP book. The crossword puzzles are a nice change of pace for a technical book. Still, I need more. I have not not read the GoF book, but maybe I will now.
B0025KVLSI|3.0|BEATLES FOR SALE has an apt title. The Beatles were in the midst of selling themselves to the world and this rushed CD is the result of too little time to record and write. There are a number of gems here like Lennon's \\"I'm a Loser\\" which would have fit in on later more sophisticated recordings, the bouncy (Dig those claps!) \\"8 Days A Week,\\" and John's cover of Berry's \\"Rock and Roll Music\\" that makes for an intriguing interpretation of Berry's original. But there's too much filler here, from Ringo's beloved \\"Honey Don't\\" to the particularly weak inclusion of \\"Mr. Moonlight,\\" (WHY?)this has enough to listen to but I would be surprised if it spent as much time getting played as other Beatle recordings.
0790733226|5.0|To me, this is a worthy and surprisingly memorable interpretation of Dr. Sagan's novel.  This movie rattled something in the part of the mind that can only be thought of as the soul, something provocative and real.  It is entertaining, educational, plausible, superb in every aspect of production, and reflective of the consistent range of human nature under even the most unusual of circumstances. But in the end it is encouraging, perhaps even prophetic.  It is definitely one for the collection.
B002ZG99G8|4.0|\\"The Losers\\" has been released on the heels of \\"Kick-Ass,\\" a comic book adaptation that audiences love and will probably always prefer. That's a shame. \\"The Losers\\" is, in my view, a winner - vastly superior as an action spectacle, a comedy, a character study, and above all, a story. This means that, while it certainly revels in all manner of fun comic book violence, it also has the ambition to be about more than violence; we're engaged because we're actually being told something. I left the theater feeling not empty and sad, as I had with \\"Kick-Ass,\\" but energized, entertained, and satisfied instead. This is how the movies are supposed to make you feel, right? For the first time in what felt like ages, I was confident that I had gotten my money's worth.    Based on the comic book series created by Andy Diggle, \\"The Losers\\" begins in Bolivia, where we find five tough CIA agents on a mission to take out a ruthless drug lord at his compound. They are: Jake Jensen, a hacker (Chris Evans); \\"Cougar\\" Alvarez, a long-distance sniper (Oscar Jaenada); \\"Pooch\\" Porteous, the pilot (Columbus Short); William Roque, the second in command (Idris Elba); and the team leader, Franklin Clay (Jeffrey Dean Morgan). When the mission goes wrong and ends in the death of twenty-five innocent children, our five men realize that they've been set up by a mysterious figure known only as Max and vow to have their revenge. They're no longer CIA - they're the Losers.    They've officially been declared dead in the U.S., leaving them stranded in Bolivia without money or a way to get home. Then along comes Aisha (Zoe Saldana), who repeatedly proves she isn't quite what she seems; she meets Clay as he dines on steak in a seedy dive, and although she comes onto him in the least subtle of ways, their retreat to his hotel room doesn't end the way one would expect. Long story short: She claims she knows where Max is and can get the Losers home. Clay is immediately taken with her. Pooch, Cougar, and Jensen are willing to go along with her. Roque, however, isn't convinced, nor is he sold on the idea of revenge against Max. All he wants to do is get out of the game and live the rest of his life.    And speaking of Max (Jason Patric), he never seems to be in the same place twice, always travelling around the world making deals with shady people for his own equally shady purposes. What is his scheme? Let's just say that it involves one of the coolest terrorist weapons ever conceived of for a comic book adaptation. How fitting for a man with the most extraordinary sense of humor, always with the sarcasm, the dry wit, and the homicidal tendencies (God forbid the wind should accidentally blow aside an umbrella if you're holding it over his head). Funny and oh so bad, Max is the most deliciously evil movie villain since Colonel Hans Landa from \\"Inglourious Basterds.\\"    Great humor can also be found amongst the Losers, especially Jensen, who, despite not having seen her for some time, is devoted to his niece and her school's Soccer team. I particularly enjoyed a scene in which he must improvise a way to escape the security guards in a Miami office building; with a little help from Cougar, he pretends to have telekinetic abilities, which he says gives him the ability to shoot bullets with nothing but his pointed fingers. He seems to enjoy Journey's \\"Don't Stop Believin',\\" and so too does director Sylvain White, seeing as he strategically has it playing during some of the more intense actions sequences. You'd think it would be a horrible fit, but no - it's actually quite amusing.    And as for Clay and Aisha, not only are they a pleasure to look at, their subplot is also very intriguing, probably because both are troubled characters with goals in mind, neither able to reach them without the other one's help. I know it's an awfully overused critical observation, but it's true: Morgan and Saldana have great onscreen chemistry, not merely as love interests, but also as occasional adversaries. In some ways, that's even harder to achieve; it takes more effort for actors to fight well than to love well, probably because fighting is generally more realistic.    What fun this movie is. There aren't enough like them these days. Sure, you can spend your money on \\"Kick-Ass,\\" but I think you'd be doing yourself a great disservice. \\"The Losers\\" is proof that even comic book adaptations can successfully be more than mean and mindless depictions of violence. Yes, there's plenty of action, but there's also a plot, and it involves characters who are not only magnetic, but are also given some depth. Nowhere is this more evident than in the film's final sequences, both of which display a goofy sweetness I found very appealing. Obvious work went into the screenplay. Obvious work went into the whole film. When movies like this come around, it makes me wonder why many other comic filmmakers don't try a little harder.
B0015DROBO|4.0|I usually do not read mysteries, but I decided to give this book a shot after hearing positive feedback. I though it was excellent. The story moves quickly with many different elements that make it exciting (financial journalists attempting to expose financial crooks, a murder mystery, an intriguing albeit deranged family, and many interesting different sorts of relationships between great characters). The book is set in Sweden, between Stockholm and a rather remote town some hours away. I think this added something to the story as well, as I was exposed to a small bit of Swedish culture.<br /><br />I highly recommend this book, and have just purchased the second part of the trilogy titled (in English) \\"The Girl Who Played with Fire.\\"
B001OQCV6A|5.0|This is a great, if slightly quirky, movie for older kids or adults. There is some language, suspense, and frightening images that may make it inappropriate for younger kids. What I liked about this film was you never knew what Sherlock Holmes would do next! The fast-paced storyline keeps you on your toes, and makes the film puzzling and intriguing. A fantastic movie all in all. Not to mention a CRAZY ending ;]
B0037QGS0A|3.0|Many will disect this movie such as the stuffy reviews above but in the end it is not IMHO a very satisfying film. In the end I did not care for any of the characters with the possible exception of Moore's character. She knows her life, marriage, and family are  in need of repair.   A well to do dysfunctional family that in the end we feel so little for. Perhaps this is what Egoyan wanted us to feel, lost, confused ....and in Toronto to boot (to boot CDN expression).  Wouldn't this have done better in California ? eh!    Neeson plays and looks wooden. I believe Neesons wife NR died while this was being filmed.    Moore does the best with what she has.   Moore is an attractive, older mature woman that has much to offer given the right role.    Could this be Seyfried's first major adult role so far. She does show a bit of flesh as so does Moore.    This is probably Egoyans most commercial film so far. Wait for the DVD.    I would rather sit through several showings of Groundhog Day. Now, that's redemption over and over again :)
0375854819|5.0|3rd book of Eragon series. This is a book that tells us more about the dwarfs and their world. Also it gives us more info about the main characters. Excellent written and keeps you on the edge till the end!!!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|All the negative reviews, complaining & whining, the double or even triple dipping, now it's my turn to have my say, I purchased this blu ray on Earth Day, prize is reasonable, can't complain, I saw it in 3-D in the big screen, was afraid it would not be as good in 2-D but how wrong I was, this blu-ray proved me WRONG, this disc looks great, stunning, razor sharp, crisp, I feel like I'm watching it in 3-D without the glasses, it's pretty close. I think every movie studios now should follow this example, just put the movie by itself in one disc, and the other extras or special features in another. I am very happy and extremely satisfied with this blu-ray. In my opinion, AVATAR is one of the best movies ever produced and it is now in my top 5 favorite movies of all time. Mr. Cameron, Mr. Landau, to all the amazing casts, thank you so much for this great movie and for not making me wait to see it again until the end of the year. Looking forward for the release of the Special Edition / Director's Cut. Happy Earth & Avatar Day to everyone !!!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|It's eighteen bucks on blu-ray...what looks so astounding...so far beyond anything I've watched at home, than I am completely happy getting it now.  So...at the end of the year, I'll get the 3-D version too...<br />Here's my story.<br />About two months ago I was in an electronics store, and they seem to use nothing but Avatar scenes to showcase their 48 plus inch TV's. (Obviously scenes were released for just this purpose_I noticed that it seemed to have much more detail and saturation than in the theatre, in which both  3DImax or RealD seemed to push the source paste it's prime...I also know that shops love to mess up the contrast, saturation, and sharpness to win you over with shock and awe. What am I watching here..Earth, Wind, and Fur? But I sensed then in the store that when the Blu-ray came out on the film, that it would more satisfying to see at home. I use a front projector by Sanyo, and a pull down 74 inch screen. Movie over...screen goes up...no ugly TV dominating any room. So I watched Avatar tonight...and it completely blew me away. I felt that I finally saw what Cameron had really intended...Glorious saturation, vivid, endless surface details...well, ya just gotta come over and check it out. Since I caught Panasonic's 3D TV demo in town about three weeks ago, that will trounce the 3D in theatres also, in terms of perfection and clarity.<br />Ok, that's my story. The sharpness of Avatar in the theatres compared to Blu-Ray at home on, hopefully for you...at least a 48 inch screen, well it's like comparing DVD to Blu-Ray. it's thrilling. You can see raindrops on characters shoulders so clearly...the skin on the reptiles is so much more detailed...You feel like this is what Cameron really intended for you to see...in terms of richness and detal. You guys remember how the film used rich blue and red...from firelight, battles, nightime scenes...glowing plantlife....wait till you see this at home...<br />So. I say go.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Great film and special features (including deleted scenes) are a nice add for the DVD.
B002JCSWV6|3.0|Invictus is not what I expected it to be. Going into the theater I thought I would be seeing a drama movie kind of like Gran Torino. I did not. However, This was not a bad thing. Invictus is a movie that is based on a true story.     The acting in Invictus is incredible. Morgan Freeman does a wonderfull job portraying Nelson Mendela (Oscar-worthy). Also, Matt Damon does a great job at being the captian of the rugby team.     Clint Eastwood, instead of making a drama movie like his last two films, decided to make what I call a real-life film. There are times during the movie where you think \\"ok now would be a good time for a action scene\\" but I believe Eastwood did a good job on keeping to the story.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Love everyone of these songs and the clarity is also great. I could listen to this cd all day and everyday. I loved the movie also
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I know that others have had problems with the Blu Ray playback.  I have a Sharp BD HP22U with the latest firmware update.  The disc plays about half of the movie then locks up.  On a positive note, Fox did include the plain DVD version which does play.  Obviously they knew that their developers had created a POS program that would not work on many players.  I feel really bad for the folks who have players with firmware that can not be updated.    Great movie - horrible execution by Fox.
B000PC0U1W|4.0|This movie is based on an amazing comic and has been adapted into a great movie. The special effects are amazing and the acting is superb. The dialog is top notch from the comic and works well on the big screen. Hugo Weaving does one of the best voice overs in movie history. Natalie Portman delivers her best acting to this point in her career. The Blu-ray transfer is crystal clear and has beautiful sound. It is a definite upgrade if you already own the DVD and a must buy if you don't.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|This season is the best season yet.Warning,if your a regilious person then try to remember this is just an act. This season has alot to deal with heaven & hell, demons vs angels. The show is very entertaining,both jensen and jared are good actors,along with other cast members that contribute to this production.  Episode list:  Sympathy for the Devil#1  Lucifer's prison has been opened by Sam's successful attempt to kill Lilith. As the gate to Hell fully opens, the Winchester brothers are rescued by an unknown force and teleported into a plane, watching in horror the start of the Apocalypse. In an encounter with the prophet Chuck it is revealed that Castiel was blown to pieces by an archangel. When they try to figure out what to do next, they are attacked by their old enemy Meg and a possessed Bobby. The brothers learn that there is a weapon strong enough to defeat the Devil--Michael's Sword. They set off to find it, but instead burst upon Zachariah, who reveals that Dean is in fact Michael's Sword, the human vessel of the Archangel Michael. However, he refuses to provide his mind and body for the angels' plans even when Zachariah threatens to kill Sam and Bobby. As Zachariah begins to torture Sam and Dean, Castiel, miraculously revived, appears and tells him to leave. Meanwhile, Lucifer is trying to convince his own vessel, a man whose family has been slaughtered by a killer, to let him take over his body so he can face God and seek justice.  Good God, Y'All!#2  Bobby is still in the hospital and quite bitter about being in a wheelchair. When Castiel arrives, Bobby orders him to heal him, but Castiel says he's been cut off from Heaven. He tells Dean that he wants to find God, the only one who can defeat Lucifer. Castiel borrows Dean's pendant, which has the ability to indicate God's presence by glowing brightly. Suddenly, Bobby receives a frantic call from Bobby's hunter friend Rufus, who is in a town swarming with demons. Sam and Dean go to the town and can't findRufus, but instead find Ellen Harvelle. She and Jo have been hunting together and Jo has disappeared like Rufus. When they do find Jo and Rufus, they appear to be possessed by demons--and strangely, they seem to think Sam, Dean and the others are also possessed. In fact, the demons are no demons at all, but hallucinations brought about by War, one of the Four Horseman of the Apocalypse. Sam and Dean hunt him down and cut off his ring finger, because his ring controls the hallucinations. In the end, Sam tells Dean he thinks that they should go their separate ways, and so they part.  Free to Be You and Me#3  Not sure he trusts himself anymore, Sam decides to give up hunting and live a \\"normal\\" life. At night, his dead girlfriend Jessica visits him and tells him that people can never change despite their efforts. Dean, intending on stopping the Apocalypse, continues hunting on his own and teams up with Castiel to find the Archangel Raphael, as Castiel believes Raphael knows God's location. They find Raphael's vessel and lure him out, but are no closer to finding God's location. Raphael even claims that God is dead. After fighting off fellow hunters who wanted Sam to drink demon blood in order to exorcise some demons, he gets another late-night visit from Jessica, who turns out to be Lucifer disguising himself as Sam's deceased girlfriend all along. He says that Nick's body was just Plan B, and that his true vessel is supposed to be Sam. He is convinced that eventually, without any trickery or lies, Sam will agree to be his vessel, although Sam adamantly disagrees.  The End#4  Sam calls Dean late at night and says that he wants to rejoin Dean in the battle of the Apocalypse, but Dean tells Sam that they're better off apart. Later, Dean awakens five years in the future in an abandoned city and is attacked by humans who have been infected with a demonic disease, the Croatoan virus. After Dean has escaped the assault, Zachariah appears to him and explains that this world is the result of Dean saying no to being Michael's vessel. He then discovers a group of survivors led by his Future self. When he sneaks into the camp, he is captured by his Future self, who explains that the virus is Lucifer's endgame for destroying mankind. Supposedly, Sam did not survive the showdown. Later it is revealed that Sam didn't die, but did in fact say yes to Lucifer, thus letting him in. After having acquired the Colt from demons, Future Dean plans on killing Lucifer and ending the Apocalypse. Walking straight into a trap, Future Dean is killed by Lucifer. Lucifer reveals that, whatever choices Dean will make, he will always end up in the same situation. Lucifer leaves and Zachariah appears, teleporting Dean back to the year 2009. When Dean refuses to be Michael's vessel, even after he's seen what his decision might result in, Zachariah attempts to persuade him with force. Castiel saves Dean from Zachariah's wrath just in time. Ultimately, Dean and Sam reconcile and decide to begin hunting together again.  Fallen Idols#5  Sam and Dean are reunited and on the hunt again. They reach a small town and investgate a string of very strange murders. A man who has found James Dean's car \\"Little Bastard\\" is found dead as if he has been involved in a major car crash. Another man is murdered by someone who looks just like Abraham Lincoln. Suspecting that the murders are the work of famous ghosts, the boys do research at the local wax museum where Sam is attacked by what seems to be the ghost of Mahatma Gandhi. Shortly afterwards, two girls report to the police that their friend was kidnapped by Paris Hilton, which leaves the brothers speechless. After finding peculiar seeds in the victims' stomachs, they break into the museum's construction area where they do find Paris Hilton--who is in fact a pagan god in disguise, trying to settle down after its old home, a deep forest in Eastern Europe, has been cut down. By touching their possessions, the god can turn itself into famous people and kill their fans in order to feed on their blood. While fighting the Leshi, Dean references Padalecki's and Hilton's role in House of Wax, saying he has never seen it. In the end, Sam kills \\"Paris Hilton\\" with an iron axe. Before leaving town, Dean tells Sam that starting the Apocalypse isn't his fault alone as he himself has broken the first seal and that they shouldn't think about the whole vessel thing too much but instead fight together.  I Believe the Children Are Our Future#6  In Alliance, Nebraska, people are being killed by practical joke devices such as itching powder and joybuzzers. On top of that, a very odd looking Tooth Fairy extracts a man's teeth. It turns out that an eleven-year-old boy named Jesse is the reason for all of this. Everything he believes becomes reality. After searching his birth records, Sam and Dean find out that the boy was adopted, so they visit his biological mother, who lives across the state. She tells the brothers that she was impregnated by a demon possessing her and gave up her child for adoption after giving birth to him. Castiel informs the Winchesters that Jesse is an Antichrist, a being half human, half demon, imbued with essentially unlimited powers. Therefore, an Antichrist would be Lucifer's special weapon in the war against Heaven and, as a serious threat, needs to be eliminated. However, Sam and Dean believe that Jesse would not turn evil if he is taken somewhere safe. When they try to convince Jesse to come with them, the demon which conceived him interferes and pins them to the wall. It is again possessing Jesse's biological mother. After listening to the demon, Jesse renders it unable to speak in order to hear what Sam has to say. Sam tells Jesse that he has a choice and that it will haunt him forever if he makes the wrong decision. After that, Jesse exorcises the demon from his mother. Pretending he wants to say goodbye to his foster parents, he goes upstairs and vanishes into thin air, protected by his powers, which makes it impossible to track him down.  The Curious Case of Dean Winchester#7  Mysterious deaths caused by inexplicable aging lead Sam, Dean and Bobby to a warlock named Patrick, who gambles for high stakes. He challenges people to a poker game in which they don't play for money, but for life years represented by magical poker chips. Bobby sees this game as an opportunity to escape his wheelchair and accepts Patrick's challenge. Losing the game, he begins to age rapidly. Dean wants to save Bobby and challenges the warlock to win back Bobby's lost years to prevent him from dying. He bets 50 years, of which he uses 25 to reverse Bobby's aging process. However, Dean can't keep up with the warlock's poker skills and loses, which causes him to age. Together, the Winchester brothers and Bobby try to find a way to save Dean. They get unexpected help from Patrick's accomplice, who thinks that living forever is not natural and causes too much pain. She gives them a spell, one which can reverse the effects of Patrick's magic. Sam challenges the warlock to a poker game while Bobby and Dean perform the ritual. One ingredient of the spell is a trace of Patrick's DNA, so they use a toothpick supposedly used by him. The spell turns out to be ineffective since the toothpick was not really used by Patrick. When frantically searching for another object with the warlock's DNA on it, Dean suffers a heart attack, but Sam wins the game just in time to save Dean.  Changing Channels#8  While investigating a homicide apparently executed by the Incredible Hulk, Sam and Dean are trapped inside TV land. They suspect the Trickster is the reason for it, and attempt to track him down. Sam suggests they ask the Trickster for help fighting the Apocalypse, and Dean reluctantly agrees. They encounter him several times, but are unable to trap him until Dean remembers a warning from Castiel about the Trickster, which leads the brothers to believe the Trickster is in fact a farmore powerful creature than a simple demi-god. They manage to lure him and trap him in a burning circle of holy oil. Since the Trickster is unable to escape, it confirms their suspicions that he is actually an angel. He applauds them and admits he's actually the Archangel Gabriel, who voluntarily fell from Grace several years before as he grew tired of watching his brothers fight each other. He trapped Sam and Dean because he wants them to agree to be Lucifer's and Michael's vessels, respectively, in order to end the Apocalypse. Gabriel also states that the lives of Sam and Dean mirror the lives of Lucifer and Michael, since Sam rebelled against his father while Dean remained obedient. Dean still refuses to say yes to becoming a vessel, but before they leave, he frees Gabriel from his trap and accuses him of simply being too afraid to stand up against his own family.  That's just a taste of what it's like. Don't want to spoil any more.
0060935464|5.0|I read this book 4 years ago when I was a freshmen in high school and this book still left a strong message. Harper Lees view on racism and mob brutality were dead on. This book shows how deindividualization can cause people to lose their identity and cause them to lynch and hurt other innocent people for no logical reason. The message is hammered in many ways, that racism and prejudice leads to everyone being more miserable and people lossing their sense of personality. Boo Radley is an interesting character who helps hammer the message of this book more clearly. My memory of everything that happened in this book might be a little foggy, but it is a classic and may change your views on racism and why people treated each other so cruely before the civil rights era. In the end, racism is never right, and people need to get to the roots of it before it grows out of control and infects more people.
B000059MEL|5.0|If you've heard of electronica, you've heard of Daft Punk. Even as a sheltered American kid raised on a steady diet of top 40 hip-hop and classic rock, I knew Daft Punk. However, I had never had the actual pleasure of sitting down and listening to a full Daft Punk album. They're one of those bands that you never actually have to own an album from due to somebody near you always having a song or two available on their playlist, and speakers powerful enough that you can hear the song down the hall. Such is the price of fame.   Hailing from France, the duo's Discovery brings 4 decades right around to the beginning of French electronica. Laiden with heavy sampling and slight alterations to the poppy loops, the influence of early tape music and Musique Concrete is audible and bare for all to here. The unexpectedly joyous and flourishing \\"One More Time\\" starts off the album with a punch that truly makes the listener wonder how there could be any energy left to actually continue the album. The truly funky beginning of \\"Aerodynamic\\" somehow manages to make the listener rise up off the sweat soaked floor and continue dancing. If the funk wasn't enough, the heavily synthesized but still fairly technical guitar solo, typically fairly unheard of in electronica, surprises and excites. Digital Love makes a sudden, unexpected venture into the realm of synth pop with a very mainstream electronica vocal line. Honestly not the biggest fan of the track, but it seemed to go well with audiences as a single. Thus, we end up with \\"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger\\". Even if Kanye hadn't sampled it, this song would be a mega-hit. The odd mix of jazz and syncopated rhythms with a driving robot vocal brings a practically inhuman drive to dance into my body every time I hear it. It may indeed by the single greatest work-out track known to man. Just when you think that you literally are not able to pull yourself off of the floor due to sheer exhaustion, Crescendolls beckons. The strange track features a bubbly, liquid keyboard part and expertly placed vocal encouragement that has probably killed more than raver. However, given the very strong beginning to the album, it may have actually been in the interest of public health and vitality that the rest of the album is much less memorable. Face to Face is a notable example with a surprisingly mature view of relationships and human interaction, indeed a mysteriously grown-up sentiment in the midst of such an otherwise youthful album (proclaimed as such by Daft Punk themselves). Too Long brings back the vocals of Digital Love for a medley and general parade with the song providing the longest track of the album clocking in at a whopping 10 minutes, an even stranger finale to an album marked with songs not much longer than 6 minutes, if that.    What can be said about Daft Punk that hasn't already been said? They represent every beautiful thing that the french electronica scene has given to the rest of the world, from the perfectly clean, deliciously placed looped samples to the exquisitely childish joy of the whole album. In short, you must have it.
0061124958|4.0|I  haven't read the book, but my daughter loved it. I bought the book for her. I'm pretty sure it's more detailed than the animation movie, which would make it more interesting. It shows how to do what you can to save a friend you care about.
0393072231|5.0|Michael Lewis does a great job explaining the sub-prime mortgage debacle so nearly anyone can understand it. The Big Short should lead to big changes in our financial system.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Won't get into the breakdown of the movie other than to say I thought it was fantastic.  For those disappointed in no extra features I can only say - yeah it would be nice to have them.  BUT, the movie is pushing 3 hours long and even for blu-ray that's a lot of bytes to encode.  Secondly, I got the double disk set from Amazon (free shipping with Amazon Prime) that included both the blu-ray and DVD for only 20 bucks.  I kept the blu-ray and gave the DVD to my daughter.  Since I missed it at the show I feel great about the deal and a chance to own the movie to watch whenever I want.  If they come out with a 3-D version or special edition I will decide at that time if it's worth the extra bucks to purchase.  Meanwhile you get a great movie (twice) for a good price.
B000NU2CY4|1.0|As other reviewers explain technically, the picture quality on this release is horrendous for bluray.  Do not buy.
B001POX73C|3.0|First and most importantly, the formatting for the Kindle edition* is just atrocious. Truly horrible. Almost enough to make me stop reading. I was entertained enough that I kept going but it was not an easy read.    Second, the book - this was only the second Heyer Regency romance that I've read and I think I should have waited to read more of her other works first. This is much more of a satirical take on her own writing than a straight ahead romance. Normally, I love those kind of books, however I never really connected with any of the characters. If I had to pick one, I guess I would choose Freddy, although is inability to talk in complete sentences was frustrating and his constant use of slang was off putting. I'm sure this was all part of the satirical bent of the novel, precisely why this shouldn't be your second Heyer read. Unless, of course, you are very well versed in Regency romances before coming to Heyer. Then, you will probably love it.    I will definitely keep reading Heyer and will, maybe one day, return to Cotillion to see if it improves with subsequent reads.    * Is there more than one Kindle edition? Amazon really, really needs to enable Kindle owners to review their books on the device and to then upload it to Amazon through Whispernet. That way, we can review the specific edition instead of lumping it in with all the other reviews of multiple bindings of the same book. I would give the Kindle edition one star and the book itself 3.5.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This is an awesome movie about what we should all do everyday...Reach out and touch someone, make a difference, go the extra mile, take a chance, take a risk, give your whole self, love on others, show someone that God loves them...  Terrific story.
B002RAREAK|5.0|Usher drops The Hotness on this. The sound is different but the same all togeather. Production level is exceptional as it blast these live and synthetic instruments throughout my sound system! Usher never fails... Kepp in line
0307454541|4.0|The first book of the Millennium Trilogy introduces us to the staff of Millennium Magazine headed by the brilliant investigative reporter Mikael Blomkvist and his steely editor Erika Berger. Blomkvist has been through the wringer over the failed expose of a notorious business magnate named Wennerstrom that has gone wrong and Blomkvist has to lay low until he can rebuild his shattered career. The story centers on the story of the Vanger family who Blomkvist has been commissioned to write a history of by the Vanger patriarch Heinrick as a pretext to re-investigate the disappearance and possible murder of a favorite niece Harriet. The focus of the book shifts to the unusual and engaging character Lisbeth Salander, a misfit with a brilliant though misunderstood mind who is a dedicated computer hacker. After comprehensively digging through the Vanger family archives the pair uncover a dark family scandal that rocks the Vanger family to its roots. Salander also helps Blomkvist to unravel the first conspiracy and puts his career back in the spotlight as he exposes the illegal activities of his nemesis Wennerstrom.<br />The characters are all well constructed and the book is well paced, leading through a plot full of twists and unexpected events until Blomkvist and Salander expose the Vanger family's evil secret. Blomkvist's character is a bit larger than life and the enigmatic Elisabeth Salander is a fascinating character that grips the reader's attention through to the end. A very good novel that keeps the reader guessing until the last page. A great read!
B00008G7UJ|5.0|I first saw this movie in 1996, I was in fifth grade a preteen, young and naive knowing nothing of the world, at first, like most girls I liked the movie beacause of teen heartthrob Leonardo DiCaprio (at the time) and not much about one of the greatest tragedies ever written. Now I can say this is one of my favorite movies ever, I've read Shakespeare's complete works and fully acknowledge him as the best of his time, the best ever. Baz Luhrmann contemporary view, as well as the soundtrack and score keeps the original love story and feeling of Shakespeare's work, though modern in view still manages to handle the original dialogue, most critics and narrow minded people gave negative reviews to this film. I own every R&J movie, the 1936 version as well as Franco Zeffirelli's 1968 version, all time classics and this is the one I keep on my player all time. This movie influenced me to read and be a fan of Shakespeare, so I'll always be grateful for it been made. Don't mind negative reviews, I fully recommend this film if you're into romance get it!
B000MTFFZY|2.0|...compared to April Rain that I'd bought a month prior and rated 5 stars.  Loving \\"April Rain\\", and seeing the great reviews for Lucidity, I felt it was clearly a CD I should have.  It's OK, but doesn't live up to the 5-star rating others have given it.       Charlotte Wessels has a truly stunning voice and is the lead on most of the songs.  Unfortunately, in too many of the songs her voice simply didn't come through as clearly as it could have.  When your lead singer (on most of the songs) has a fantastic voice like this highly talented young lady you definitely want to highlight it as much as possible.  Let Charolette's talent shine to the fullest extent!    \\"See me in Shadow\\" was her strongest song -- and the one where one could best hear her exceptional vocal skill.  I appreciate songs where you can easily make out the words without having to read what the lyrics are supposed to be.    I guess I'm simply not a fan of symphonic metal where they, for reasons that elude me, feel forced to toss in a distorted male voice.  What's the point?  I'd much rather listen to a fantastic female vocalist like Ms. Wessels that some dude mumbling.  I sure can't sing, but I think even I could manage to do a distorted mumble.
B000GFLAI0|5.0|I have been playing this over and over - musically inventive with nods to various forerunners e.g. Chuck Berry, and I keep thinking of \\"Diamonds are a Girl's Best Friend\\" sung in melancholic tones for \\"When the Deal is Done\\"
1439190275|5.0|I just read the new Atkins book. I have been \\"warned\\" off Atkins Diet in the past but my blood sugar just hit 103.  I can't see where the confusion is.  This makes sense as is it laid out in the book.  I started the diet about 5 days ago and the big difference in my diet is I have basically switched out carbs like toast, rice, potatoes that I usually eat with my protein and put in veggies like sliced tomatoes with eggs, actually adding a veg to my meal with a salad.  This is great! I feel good too!
B002ZTQVBQ|5.0|Bough this from Amazon (vs other sellers) and was shocked to see it in the mail 3 days before expected. I was thrilled, Kudos to Amazon! GREAT JOB GUYS!    P.S. Movie is great too..very sweet!
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I'm not sure how you can rate the movie as one star w/o the special features, but would've given it 5 stars if it had the features.  Do you buy the movie for the movie, or the special features?  If it was just special features, but no movie, would you have given it 4 stars?    As for complaining about the studio \\"double-dipping\\" by releasing a basic set now and a feature-rich set in a few months:  DUH!  Studios are a BUSINESS.  If you just want the movie w/o the special features, buy it now.  If you want the special features, wait.  If you want to watch the movie now, rent it!  I'm happy that the movie is available now.  I'm not interested in the extra features.  I watched it on Blu-Ray last night and thoroughly enjoyed it.      How many different ways have Beatles songs been re-packaged?  Next subject :)
B001U0HAYS|4.0|The soundtrack is from the movie and it accurately reflects the movie.  I was hoping that there might be more of the passages that bring to mind more of the intrigue, tension, and mystery.  That is there, mostly in the passages that cover the train station good bye scene, but overall it has much more of the kind of up beat jazz that when you watch the movie you realize represents the majority of the movie.  All that considered, I'd still buy it because at least now I have it, so if you're thinking about it, I'd go ahead and get it.
B001IHJ97E|5.0|This is a very interesting movie and the last movie Ms Woods made.  I loved it when it first came out and still do.
0385504225|1.0|I was so disappointed.  The ending was weak and drawn out.  The plot didn't get any love, tender or care.  Everything was predictable.  I miss the mystery.  He kept telling us the other point of view early unlike his previous books.  This book felt like it was produced as a cash cow.  I would like a redo and a better ending.  National Treasure was so much better than this book.
B001LF2WCC|4.0|This disc looks and sounds great, but it did not come with the digital copy that it was advertised as having. I called Amazon customer service and they sent out another disc and return merchandise form to return the first disc; and the new copy didn't have the digital copy either. I wrote Warner Bros Home Video because they have no customer service number that you can call. They never responded to any of my emails about the missing digital copy! Without the digital copy, the special edition really isn't worth the extra expense even with the \\"extra\\" material. If you just want to watch the movie and don't care about out takes and the documentaries about director's vision (you can see the director's vision when you're watching the final cut of the movie), stick to the regular edition of the blu-ray. It's the same great sound and picture as the special edition, but less expense. I gave this disc 4 stars because it was missing the digital copy. I am rating the quality of the content as well as the quality of the disc production. As far as I am concerned, I was cheated in terms of the missing digital copy. It is false advertising to claim something is there when it isn't; and the manufacturer refuses to respond to you about their product. I wish another studio had filmed this movie; maybe I would have gotten what was advertised. Warner Bros sucks!!!! Otherwise, for pure sound and picture quality, I give the disc itself 5 stars.
6302787068|5.0|Bought this movie for my young daughter. She was very excited about it. It's alot cheaper to buy vhs of course so we are buying them up. When I received this in the mail i could not believe it's condition. It was like i went to the store and bought it brand-new on the day it came out. The seller said it was like-new so i was expecting the case to be worn and the movie front faded but it was in perfect brand-new condition. Very happy and will use this seller every time I need a movie.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This documentary is a shocking look into the American food industry.  Warning: After watching this film, you may become a vegetarian (at least temporarily).  The point of the film is not to show meat, or any one food, as bad, but to demonstrate that the way the American food industry operates is bad for consumers, bad for workers, bad for small farmers, and bad for the animals.  The movie covers a lot and can be a little depressing.  However, the good news is that every person has the power to change things based on what they buy!      Watch this movie and learn how to buy products that protect your family's health, and the health of America!  (Hint: look for certified human, or pasture-raised, animal products and unprocessed foods.)
B002VECM6S|5.0|The dvd arrived quickly and in excellent condition. What a wonderful show. It was inspiring, heart-wrenching, clean and sweet. I would recommend this to everyone.
B001P06GX4|5.0|Daughter (17) told me that this was the 'funnest game ever'. Played it at youth group.  Put one in her Easter basket. I have not played it yet, parents aren't cool enough for it I guess....
B002ZG983M|1.0|Hit Girl was the best part of this movie.<br /><br />I love watching little girls swear.<br /><br />I love watching little girls kill.<br /><br />I love watching men beat up little girls.<br /><br />And most of all, I love watching little girls holding big guns. It makes me feel like such a Big Daddy.<br /><br />What's wrong with all of you adults who love this movie? And what does this movie say about American culture, if the most vulgar and brutal superhero ever to \\"grace\\" the big screen is an 11-year-old girl? Kick-Ass is about as \\"original and fresh\\" as a beauty pageant with little girls made to parade around like \\"sexy adults\\" (such as the 6-year-old JonBenet Ramsey, who was, by the way, a victim of real violence).<br /><br />Update: Kick-Ass and Hit-Girl action figure dolls will be available in time for Christmas. Me, I'm hoping they'll come out with a Hit-Girl doll that swears when you punch, kick, and bite her. Can a doll be rated R? :-)
B002VECM72|5.0|This is one of the best movies that I have seen in a long time and will watch it again and again.  I purchased it from Amazon, their prices are good especially for blu-ray
B002ZG983M|1.0|I know it's all supposed to be tongue in cheek and lots of fun, but frankly this turned my stomach. The select audience it is aimed for will thoroughly enjoy it while the rest of us will suffer through it.
B0026NBZEY|5.0|I want to know whether my Kindle edition is like the published book. In my Kindle edition, one of the final chapters, 18 July 1873, begins with Selina writing about meeting Madeliene. Suddenly, after a number of pages, after the sentence: \\"She is to come to us tomorrow, at half past 2.\\" the narrative breaks back to Margaret writing in 1874 with \\"I cannot say what time it is.\\" and continues with her until the end of the chapter, when 1 August 1873 begins. Maybe just a chapter title is missing but I am worried that it is more. Can anyone say what the paper book is like? (Sadly, I can't a hold of a paper copy without getting on a plane.) Thanks    Affinity as written, is an awesome thing. Not as perfect as Fingersmith. More original than Tipping the Velvet, which is saying something. I agree with other reviews in that I haven't decided whether I like the book. I could write a lot but it wouldn't be much different what other's have written. It is not an easy book to categorize.
B001FB55L2|5.0|After being shot down in Afghanistan and presumed dead, a soldier's return home is fraught with emotional upheaval for his whole family.
B002WCLG3Y|3.0|Several other reviewers have gone through and related their thoughts on each of the shorts contained in Halo: Legends.  This is certainly a valid method, and helpful to the practical buyer who simply wishes to get a general idea of whether or not the product suits him/her.  I would like to take a different approach.  I will divide the episodes into thematically similar groupings, and analyze them from that standpoint.    Origins, parts I and II, is historical.  It is essentially a condensed version of the history of the Halo Universe.    Odd One Out is an attempt at comedy, plain and simple.  Whether you as the viewer find it humorous or not will likely depend on your...sense of humor.  Not being averse to the Japanese penchant for the ridiculous, I did find portions of it to be funny, though it's not comedic genius in the least.    The Package, and The Duel are both what I would consider to be action-oriented shorts, and in that way will likely appeal more to the fanbase of the Halo Series than any of the others.  The Package fills this role far better than The Duel, as The Duel contains many canonical errors that will bother serious fans of the series (from kimono-clad Elites to the number of mandibles).  The Package best captures the feel of frenetic action that has embodied the Halo Series from the first game.  In it, a team of Spartans attacks a Covenant fleet in order to recover a...well...package.  The short uses a CG-animation hybrid style (this is the only short to do so), which also lends the short more of a Western feel than the other shorts in general.    The final three episodes: \\"The Babysitter,\\" \\"Homecoming,\\" and \\"The Prototype\\" fall into what I would call heroic tragedy.  For serious fans of Halo, particularly ones who care about the canon, these episodes will likely elicit some of the most visceral reactions.  There is a serious disregard for realism in these episodes, from the teddy bear keychain accessory hanging from the Spartan's armor (or maybeher rifle?) in \\"Homecoming,\\" to the Gundam-inspired mecha suit in \\"The Prototype.\\"  However, in spite of these obvious problems, I found these episodes the most compelling.    What we often forget in the context of the Halo Universe, especially because the games are so action-centered (and feature a character capable of annihilating hundreds upon hundreds of the alien enemy without suffering so much as a scratch), is that the war between the Humans and the Covenant has been in progress for twenty-seven years by the time of the events in Halo 3 - and Humanity has been losing...badly.  These three episodes capture how thoroughly Humanity lost the war by exposing us to the level of sacrifice that was so commonplace throughout it - and which seems so needless in the light of the fact that the Covenant killed billions upon billions of people whenever they glassed a planet.  The heroism displayed by the protagonists in each of these three episodes is thus all the more tragic because we must ask, inevitably, whether their sacrifices even mattered.    So who would I recommend Halo: Legends to?  Anime fans, for one.  The shorts are experimental in nature, but retain the essence of Japanese storytelling, which emphasizes emotion over realism.  Coming from a nation that has not engaged in a real war (no, sending token SDF forces to combat zones does not count) in over sixty years, the lack of what we in the U.S. would consider \\"realistic\\" dialogue between soldiers, or \\"realistic\\" combat techniques is understandable.  However, many of those in the audience will not be so forgiving.  So the real question for those wishing to purchase Halo: Legends is: can you set aside your desire for realism and a Western storyline for ten minutes at a time while each short episode runs its course?  If the answer is yes, then you will probably enjoy Halo: Legends.  If not, then don't bother, it's not worth your time.
B002VECM6S|1.0|The pile-on of big emotional moments, accompanied by big music, is overwhelming. This is a movie demanding to be loved.
B001UDPAB0|4.0|the Ocean movies do not disappoint, They were delivered in a timely manner and in perfect condition.  The movies are great (my favorite is the first one, Oceans eleven).
B002ZG9968|5.0|The movie puts a nice spin on things happening backwards. The movie is breezily paced, tightly edited and effectively makes use of the Manhattan exteriors.
2839905809|5.0|I'm a Business Administration professor in Brazil and this books certainly is the greatest I've ever read abou the subject! Objective text, meaningful information, practical application...and very beautiful design, what makes reading a lot more interesting and easy, for sure. Rational and emotional language. I got to read it in three days and now I'm starting over. It made me re-think all my work and my students are loving the new classes! For business people, it is also great because brings to discussion what really matters, in a way that is possible to be used in real life situations, in order to empower companies and contribute to their success.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|I can't claim to have seen every terrible film in cinematic history, but in my fairly extensive watchography, 2012 is certainly in the top 5 worst ever.
B002ZG977Y|2.0|This was a lackluster and at times cheesy remake of Clash of the Titans which only loosely follows the myth of Perseus. In this version, Zeus imprisons his brother Hades, (for no real apparent reason),  in the underworld. Hades, obviously angry at this betrayal is the bad guy and seeks revenge on Zeus. A mortal king, Acrisius,lays siege to mount Olympus- just because I guess. Zeus, to teach him a lesson has sex with Acrisius's wife Danae- although since this is Zeus we are talking about he rarely needs any reason to shag anyone. Danae conceives Perseus. Enraged, the king kills his wife, but Perseus, being a demi-god, survives and is raised by a fisherman and his family.<br /><br />Perseus, (Sam Worthington) sporting a crewcut and a tunic, is adopted by a fisherman and lives an uneventful life troubled only by bouts of chest pains when it rains. Eventually his past catches up to him, and his family is killed in the crossfire by Hades.  Vowing revenge, Perseus decides to kill Hades to avenge his family. Together with a bland group of red shirt extras heroes, he agrees to help Andromeda to get revenge on Hades, (saving her life is just coincidental to his plan).<br /><br />What can I say? The film was not that great. Sam Worthington was a poor choice for Perseus. He looked far too modern. He is supposed to be a Greek, but he looks and acts like a secret service agent.. His acting was bland and unconvincing. Andromeda who is supposed to be prettier than Aphrodite seemed quite plain, and the inclusion of the giant scorpions as riding beasts was perhaps the cheesiest thing I have seen in a while.  I did like the portrayal of Medusa as beautiful. Most of the cast, except for Perseus just waits around for their turn to die and added very little to the overall plot.<br /><br />Overall, while this was watchable and the action enough to keep anyone from being bored, I thought the filmmakers were simply going through the motions. None of the characters really had any soul and alterations to the story which were made, such as: the silly anti-diety sentiment shared by Acrisius and Perseus, IO as a love interest, the scorpions etc. didn't really didn't add anything to the plot. This was a weak film which suffered from a poor screenplay, and screenwriter conceit. A better writer, and less deviation from the source material would've helped a lot.which were made, such as: the silly anti-diety sentiment shared by Acrisius and Perseus, IO as a love interest, the scorpions etc. didn't really didn't add anything to the plot. This was a weak film which suffered from a poor screenplay, and screenwriter conceit. A better writer, and less deviation from the source material would've helped a lot.
B001OQCV6A|1.0|Nigh-on unforgivable. An all-fumbling, all-bumbling, all-trundling crock of crud, that's not so much Snatch in a Deerstalker as bum on a flagpole.
B002BZOVLG|5.0|What an amazing production. Hytner's direction, Fischer's conducting, and the work of the principal singers -- every last one of them -- and the orchestra are almost beyond reproach. We have been watching this just a half hour at a time, in order to savor it and make it last.    I am a singer, conductor, and musicologist, and I have been involved with workshop and professional productions of Cosi since I was an undergraduate. I think I could probably sing it in my sleep. But I have never seen or heard such a beautiful, fully realized production as this one. Indeed, in these days of Regietheater etc. I hardly thought it possible. It is so obvious that the people involved, besides being highly skilled, take Mozart and Da Ponte seriously, even (especially) in what is sometimes considered their silliest comic opera.    The television direction and the Blu-Ray encoding, both picture and sound, are astonishing as well. (Sorry, I realize that if I keep up this gushing, I'll lose credibility. Just can't help it.)    Get this if you love Mozart. You really will not, not, not be sorry.
006112429X|4.0|According to the foreword, this was the author's break-through book, often rejected, finally accepted by an enthusiast, then popular. The writing is easy to follow, indeed, it fascinates. The topic, however, is dismal. We hear the voice of a mother reflecting on the life of her son, Kevin, who massacred a group of people at his high school. Kevin was difficult from infancy, rejecting his mother, manipulating his father and other people, very intelligent but just plain evil. The mother is onto his \\"game\\" from early years, the father is conned. As with any difficult child, the mother is blamed and wonders whether she ought to blame herself. Indeed, any mother's reaction to a child who rejects her so thoroughly is not likely to be natural warmth, but a sense of obligation, and the best \\"act\\" she can put on of being a loving mother. Does the child's \\"act\\" beget the mother's \\"act\\" and that begets further and deeper play-acting by the child? I thought the description of the early months of Kevin's life, the immediate rejection of his mother as a small infant, rang false. We wonder whether a small infant is being deliberate when he refuses to be comforted and drives us nuts, but he isn't really old enough for deliberate action yet, unless he's possessed by the devil, an option not suggested in this instance. At a few years of age, yes, deliberate devilry seems possible. The author has no children.
B000003TA4|2.0|This band could not possibly be more overrated. Kurt's vocals are nothing special, and all these songs sound ridiculously similar. It is very rare for me to not like a rock/alternative band from the 90's, but I hate this. The songwriting is extremely simple and bad. Look at the band \\"Barenaked Ladies\\". Their lyrics are very talented and sophisticated, then take a look at these ones. I am only giving this 2 stars because the three decent tracks on here: \\"Smells Like Teen Spirit\\", \\"In Bloom\\" and \\"Come As You Are\\". With these 3 acceptable tracks, this album leaves 9 boring, similar sounding, badly performed songs.
B002VECM72|5.0|Loved this movie though I was a little skeptical about Bullock's character showing up in the tougher part of town on her own.
044024367X|2.0|If you've ever seen the first Rambo movie, you'll see that this book's storyline is EXACTLY the same.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Avatar is an amazing movie and an amazing experience, both in theatrical 3-D and 2-D home video. This is a great set, with very high-quality visuals, so that very little is lost from the theatrical version. I wish people would stop giving it one and two stars simply because there are no special features; the fact that the film studio is trying to get its money's worth is no reason to discourage people from seeing and owning this film. With or without deleted scenes, it is well worth the money.
0785134352|3.0|Dual review from our blogsite.<br /><br />Wally:  This graphic novel lives up to its name.  There's action a plenty mixed with some humor.  It not only entertains but travels the path that all good comics should.  The path of `What if?'  Although we know we would never dress up and play superhero, most of us have thought wouldn't it be cool to be a superhero.  So it is easy to buy into these kid's motivations to be something more then they are.<br /><br />The flow of the story itself is traditional, there are a few little surprises sprinkled in that keep the story interesting and touching in a way.  When it was all said and done, I really felt for these characters.  They weren't just spoiled, bored teenagers wrecking havoc.  There was a deeper message embedded in all the gore and blood.<br /><br />Just a small warning, those faint of heart may not want to pick up this book.  However those looking for kick-ass time, this is the comic for you.<br /><br />Jessica: I usually have issues with the lack of story and background on characters in graphic novels, but this one was well sorted out.  The main character wants to do something more with his life and he takes his inspiration from superheroes in the comic books he reads.  More \\"real\\" superheroes come out of the woodwork and we get to know some of them and their reasons for putting themselves at risk as well.<br /><br />There is no lack of action in the violence filled pages and the book has enough gratuitous nudity that it isn't a comic meant for all ages.  Though the blood and gore is a lot more realistic than most of the other comics it's because the storyline is based in reality, it's something that essentially could be true (no radioactive spiders or whatnot here).
B0006IJ5PM|1.0|Previous reviews made this company seem reputable, but when I got my dvd it was scratched, the audio and video were so terrible I couldn't keep it and the writing on the package was half in Spanish.    I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS SELLER
B002VECMAE|3.0|When the army wanted something new, they turned to the movements of the day. What they found was a program that allowed them to supposed do all sorts of things, including sharpening the minds of their soldiers. This made them many things, and the army ultimately wanted a return on their investment.<br /><br />I'm sure a lot of people will have a lot of things to say on this  movie. I could say a lot as well, but will simply say that this is a quirky film that will make you laugh, has the capacity to appease many audience memebers, but that ends badly and that is not a movie I would watch quite a few times. Clooney, Bridges, Spacey, and Mcgregor are great in the film, but the film itself - that's another matter. It jumps around a lot, adds a lot of flowerchild commentary in for quick laughs BUT also adds in things that make you wonder who thought that would be funny, and ends up not really accomplishing a lot. I'm not saying it is not a watchable film because it is - I'm saying that I really didn't find a lot of flavor in most of the things it brought to bear.<br /><br />Would I recommend it? I'm torn on saying not to see it, but I would watch it at a friend's house. I waited a long time to see this and, at the end of the day, I'm not happy with what I recieved.<br />O well - that seems to be the way of film these days.
B002P7UCMC|5.0|Their lyrics may be risque but their talent is irrefutable. The musical arrangements are amazing. And their \\"double entendre heavy metal poetry\\" is hauntingly magnificent (well worth taking the trouble to check out the translations). The beats are heavy, and interlaced with classical and melodic themes that raise it all to flawless, heart-pounding brilliance. Till Lindeman's incredible voice, as usual, brings it all home!<br /><br />Most of the songs on this album are instant classics, all beautifully worked. I won't dwell on each one. This is another incredible album from Rammstein. They just keep getting better and better. You must have this album!<br /><br />I definitely recommend this deluxe version with the extra CD of tracks... all the songs are very good, and worth the wait (deluxe album is not available for download). The album artwork alone is worth the wait. Unfortunately the lyrics found in the album literature are in German only. So I had to go online to find the English translations. But that's not hard to do. One great site with all the Rammstein lyrics lovingly translated is at<br /><br />[...]<br /><br />They are a site dedicated to all things Rammstein.<br /><br />PS: if you haven't watched the live performance of Rammstein: Volkerball (in France) yet, do it now! Best live performance ever!
0393072231|5.0|The subprime mortgage fiasco is very complicated, if not impossible, for the lay person to understand. However, Michael Lewis does a superb job of outlining just exactly what led to the problem and how it played out all through the eyes of several players who spotted the problem early on. Not only does Mr. Lewis paint a very intriguing picture of the major players in the problem but he explains everything in a way that is easy to understand and follow. As the title to this review indicates, if the facts in this book are only \\"half\\" true then it would be very easy to form the opinion that either the major movers and shakers on Wall Street and the mortgage banks were either incredibly stupid or incredibly crooked.   With the current situation with Congress and the SEC looking into the problem, this book is a must read for anyone wanting to be able to follow the stories and investigations as they unfold.
B000EDWL82|3.0|A noticeable but impersonal indie rock debut owing solely to the Interpol-led, current JD wave of derivatives, supplies solid songs that runs course and then exits from memory.
B00354Y9ZU|2.0|Hey Seth,<br /><br />This review is for you.  I read your book \\"Tribes\\" and I liked it so I bought \\"Linchpin\\" and discovered, much to my dismay, that you do NOT enable \\"Text to Speech\\" on your Kindle books.  I want you to know that I have stopped reading \\"Linchpin\\" and, that, as an author, you ARE dispensable....<br /><br />Thanks for \\"listening\\"... or, should I say, \\"reading\\",,,
B002VECM6S|5.0|The Movie was great! Shipped and Rec'd within a few days! Also At a GREAT PRICE...
0307454541|5.0|Wow!  Although the book begins slowly, it is necessary to lay the groundwork for a very satisfying mystery story.  Characters that are complete with depth, flaws, and all the other things that make us human.  Wonderful story with an excellent plot, subtle details, and exciting action.  One thing; this is not for the squeamish or faint of heart.  Two scenes in particular are violent and contain strong sexual content.
1400160332|4.0|While listening to the introduction, I was afraid I had made a poor choice, as if the book were to be another \\"this time it's different\\" claim from the top of the world in 2008. Fortunately, after the introduction, Ferguson got on with his primary purpose, which was an informal history of finance and money from ancient times to the present.     The problems of the past ten years or so are well known to much of the target audience, and Ferguson covers familiar ground. You will notice some similarities with books such as \\"The Black Swan\\", although with a much calmer presentation. These ending chapters and the afterword, with a spin that compares financial evolution to natural evolution, are good enough. I did not realize the book was related to a TV show until I saw some other reviews, but one can easily imagine talking heads and background scenes as the author articulates his history and perceptions, without too much bias.    The history through the Medicis, the Spanish in South America, the Dutch, and so on, up through the S&L crisis in America in the 1980s, was the most engaging, both refreshing sketchy old knowledge and providing fresh commentary. Ferguson backed up his assertion that the evolution of money and financial systems were first-rank contributions to world economic development and worth considering on a par with technological, social and other key innovations. Certainly much synergy among innovations occurred.     Ferguson's focus on property for a significant run in the second half was the weakest, seeming more disjointed and less crisp historically. He needed it to help set up for the more recent crises, but the pace seemed off.    Simon Prebble's narration was adequate, in a tone that matched the words. I actually liked him better in \\"The Irregulars\\", and some American words and names I thought he mangled knocked my perception down slightly.
B001FB55HQ|4.0|\\"Terminator: Salvation\\" is a worthy addition to the franchise, featuring great state-of-the-arts special effects, an engaging storyline, and strong performances.<br /><br />Speaking of the latter, Sam Worthington has the more sympathetic part of a man, ripped from his criminal and murderous past to become a heroic figure of the future.  Worthington balances \\"butt-kicking\\" with emotional vulnerability that certainly make his the more memorable character to star Christian Bale's \\"John Conner.\\"<br /><br />\\"Star Trek's\\" Anton Yelchin is also surprisingly good as the young Kyle Reese, managing to downplay his native Russian accent that he purposely \\"overplayed\\" in the Trek film.<br /><br />Welcome \\"appearances\\" are made by both Linda Hamilton - in the form of a photograph and voiceover - and Arnold himself in a rather computer-generated way.
143911000X|4.0|I love the show and Barney is legen....dary! I went to the bookstore and quickly skimmed/read this book in an hour or less. It's hilarious and definitely worth reading. It might be worth buying to have laying around on your coffee table to bro-educate your bros. but otherwise its a short read.
0061703257|5.0|I read Mystic River years ago.  When I found out Shutter Island was written by Dennis Lehane also, had to have it!  Not disappointed in the least!  Mr Lehane does it again only better!  This book is hard to put down once you start reading it.  So many twists and turns.  And if you think you got it figured out...think again!  The ending or final outcome was a total gasp!  I could not have been more surprised!!!<br />When I saw the movie trailer earlier, I was not impressed.  Now I gotta see the movie to see if it gives justice to such a book.  If you like suspense, intrigue, mystery, you got to read this book.  I promise it will blow you away!
0307473708|5.0|I watched the show before reading the books but i still loved it. Since the show doesnt follow the book word by word there are still a lot of surprises even if you watched the show before reading it like i have. Highly recommended to any Dexter fans, hell even if you're not a dexter fan, you will be after reading this book
0812973992|5.0|Absolutely loved this book.  McCann's writing style greatly improved from Zoli. A collection of stories that captivate the reader and inter-relate with meaning and depth.  Couldn't put it down.  Regretted to see it end.
0142427861|3.0|I am an avid fan of Stephen King (or Richard Bachman), and listen to anything I can get my hands on that is written by him. I have 2 to listen to after this one. Hope they are better. The description of the book did not actually tell the reader if it was the \\"usual\\" style. So, just hoped it would be tintillating. It was not abridged, so it was natural to have more \\"detail\\" than an abridged version. This was the story of Bart Dawes, who ran a laundry for hotels, restaurants, etc.It was set in the 1970's. Bart is fighting the city who is building an extension to an existing roadway, and his home and the laundry business are scheduled to be demolished, the house and business he has been in for 20 years. It is boring as we hear all the detail of who did what to whom, and sometimes I lost tract of what was happening. I won't devulge the ending, but I found this Richard Bachman story to be less than interesting. I'd say save your money, or if you are adament to listen to this one, get the abridged version. I've never had a \\"bad\\" story by King, but this one just was amazingly draggy.
B002EWD0I6|5.0|I was completely hooked on this once I started it.  Didnt want it to end.  I am hoping for a season 3
B001794FOK|2.0|This movie started out very interesting.  I liked how you learn along with the character as a young man how he finds his abilities.  From there as he gets older the movie goes downhill.  It seemed like the characters weren't fleshed out enough.  His mother and what she really is a member of and why she left, is revealed (rather weakily) at the end.  And Samuel L. Jackson's character, while interesting, didn't really provide any detail and why he was hunting those with special abilities.  Apparently, there are different gifts given to different people and he was hunting them down to kill them.  Saying \\"Only God should have these powers.\\"  Well, why was he hunting them?  Where did he come from?  Who is he working for?  All these questions left me with very little answers and so the movie just didn't resolve right.  I assume that when directors do these kind of \\"stunts\\", they'll open for a sequel.  But, if the movie doesn't grab you the first time, who cares about the characters now.  Once something leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth, very seldom would you try another dose.<br /><br />Maybe rent the movie and see for yourself.  But, take my advice, there are better movies out there.
B001IYCMNA|5.0|I needed to consider replacing my WAP54G when the asociated range extender (WRE54G ?) burnt up. I also have a  n-class wireless ethernet bridge on the TV so an upgrade to an n-class access point seemed like a good idea.    The unit came up as a 54G router, a firmware update is required to get it to boot correctly. Rest of the setup thru the web interface was easy.    The power cord is a little shorter and i was not able to place the unit quite where I wanted it (no POE for me yet) but the resulting signal strength even without the range extender was much better at my 54G laptop client. With the bridge placed as it was 216 Mbps thru it. (I have the 1 Gbps small business class router/switch).    So great signal, more bandwidth than I need (roadrunner is still only 12-15 Mbps). Good product.
B0034JKZ86|4.0|Screw buying from Walmarts, order at home. God, is he lazy. lol -mkiller     Who needs a car? Buy everything online. I think u can even buy sex online, Hookers making house calls. lol -mkiller
1400052173|5.0|One of my new top 10 books of all time.  What the hospital staff took from Henrietta Lacks was not just her cells. They raped her of her privacy and dignity, they inflicted pain and suffering on her family. The many heath care issues that arise from this book is amazing. Read it, and then pass the title on to your friends. We as human beings we owe her our thanks and good health.
0307454541|5.0|This is such a great tale...it sucks you in from the very first page and has all the makings of a blockbuster thriller: unsolved mystery, colorful characters, plot twists, nail-biting scenarios. You'll find yourself rooting for the two main characters - detective/hacker Lisbeth Salander (the \\"Girl\\" of the title) and her unlikely partner Mikael Blomkvist, a former journalist with a sullied reputation. Throw in an eccentric family living in a cold, remote part of Sweden and intrigue ensues. It's a very detailed, complicated story, and at times it can be tough to remember who's who (thankfully, the author included a family tree at the front to jog the reader's memory), but it held my attention to nearly the end. My one complaint is that the real surprise ending happens in advance of the actual book ending, but that wasn't enough to shadow my review of this fantastic novel. Looking forward to reading the next in the series.
B001EYU1VO|4.0|I bought this controler to match my Cyborg mouse and Cyborb Command pad and I have to say it was a very wise investment.  I mainly play Battlefield 2: Bad Company and I have to say it has inproved my game survilability when flying the chopers.  only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the software that comes with it can be a lil bit of a pain in the arse to figure out but so far I haven\\"t had a problem macroing controls to its many buttons and do-hickies just with the plug/play set up, Im going to be trying this out on some actual flying games and simulators and if its half as good as what I have experiance so far then it was WELL WORTH the money.
B001OQCV2O|1.0|This movie was an epic waste of 2 hours 45 minutes. I am a huge disaster movie fan, but this one had to be the most unrealistic, overly exaggerated disaster movie yet. My favorite example... Most of the world had imploded and cell phones still worked.  /groan. Not to mention John Cossack was awful. I would rather watch Battlefield Earth again. Please don't be like me and waste your time on this piece of garbage.  F-
B002TYZKIM|5.0|If you have seen this in the theaters then I do not need to say more its is a must have plus you get extra behind the scene  moments that were not shown in the theaters. My only dislike about this is that as a MJ dvd especially being that this would be his last live footage before he died, the makers should of included an insert to make it memorable but there was not an insert. i would of appreciated a poster, or even a booklet like what is given in many cds but i guess I can't be too picky. either way it is a must have if you are a fan or a collector.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I love my p90x workouts and successfully completed 80% of them better than I could level 2 of Jillian's 30 day shred. Frustrated by the time commitments required of p90x, I picked up this workout figuring if I did it a few times I would get my money's worth out of it. Boy, oh, boy have I! Level 2 just broke me. For the extremely reasonable price of this DVD and 20 minutes a day, you can't possibly be disappointed. After just 3 days I felt the positive changes in my body, much as I did with p90x, but not with the 1 hour time investment. I'm a busy mom of 3 little kids who has trouble carving out time for workouts. This DVD has taken away all my excuses. No matter how hectic my days are, I can always find 20 minutes.
0061474355|5.0|'Sabriel', by Garth Nix, is an excellent fantasy adventure that I can recommend to anyone of any age who enjoys fantasy. This is the first book of the \\"Abhorsen Trilogy\\" and the first book I've read by this author. I'm very impressed by Mr. Nix's writing skill and the originality of his story. Philip Pullman, author of the Amber Spyglass, who also writes great fantasy, has said Sabriel \\"reads like realism\\", which I agree with. I found myself almost one with the characters and part of the adventure as it progressed. Mr. Nix develops and melds all the characters nicely and Sabriel, the young protagonist is enchanting. The story builds on unique and novel ideas and there is much adventure throughout - a love interest too. I enjoyed Sabriel so much that I've ordered the 2nd and 3rd installments. I didn't want the first book to end and almost can't wait for the next twol
B0035J6TAI|1.0|Depressing and bored, don't waste your money or time buying.<br />I am disappointed with this album.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Very enjoyable! Sandra Bullock was superb. She had the character down to a T.  It was an inspirational true story.
0061914177|1.0|Are there some decent tips? Yes. Is the author an accomplished business person, worthy of giving advice? Most certainly. Was there enough information in here to warrant a book instead of a pamphlet? No.<br /><br />The author's conversational style, worked over by a writer, is moderately engaging, but repetitive and often without information other than some earnest cheerleading. What he needed was an editor, not a writer. Don't buy this.
B002MFU9BG|5.0|This one came out of left field and hit me hard, but in a good way. I had seen this cd before and had listened to the samples but it didn't do it for me, no matter how many times I listened. Then it was the deal of the day for $2.99 and I purchased it, and what a surprise it was. I mean every single song on this is great. It's not often that I play the same cd over and over, I usually like to change bands every time a disc is over but not this time. Highly recomended!!!
B001C4CI8U|3.0|Someone needs to tell J.J. Abrams that his dialogue is embarrassing. It's clunky, heavy handed, chock-full of exposition, and lacking the kind of cleverness that would elevate this show above the level of mediocre.     Exposition is necessary in screenwriting. But it's not supposed to be this obvious. Example: \\"As you know, I've been in a mental hospital for the last 17 years.\\" Well, if the characters know that about each other, why is that dialogue in the show? Answer: For the listening audience. Any time you have characters explaining in painstaking detail who they are or what they think or how they got the knowledge they have, you're walking on very thin ice creatively speaking. Obvious exposition is the mark of a sloppy writer.    And this show is full of such writing. Characters can't go five minutes without reminding the listening audience who they are or what they're doing.    What's more, someone should let J.J. know that extreme close-ups and jerky camera motions are irritating, not exciting. Jerky camera movements are the calling card of the trying-too-hard-to-be-hip cinematographer. Ten years from now, people will look back on this style and say, \\"What were they thinking?\\" For now, viewers have to endure it on TV and in the theater.    I don't get Fringe. It's supposed to be about the paranormal, the unexplained, the creepy. It's not. Every episode is explained not just by science but also by - surprise! - a brilliant mental patient named Walter who's also a research scientist who, not coincidentally, is involved with everything going on in the present because of his experiments many years previously.    And what's with Massive Dynamics, the conglomerate organization that serves as this series' nemesis? Massive Dynamics? Seriously? You couldn't have come up with a better name than that? That's not a name; it's a cartoonish metaphor, like the Acme Company in a Bugs Bunny cartoon.    This is really implausible stuff. It's like The X-Files meets The Matrix -but without the finesse of either.    When you take away Walter's wild-eyed penchant for solving the unsolvable, his son's wisecracking banter, and the blonde cop's looks (but woeful lack of actual detective work), you have nothing. You have a TV series that wants really, really badly to be clever, but isn't. I'm not sure what people see in this. We'll keep watching Season One. But, so far, the bloated self-importance of this show, combined with truly cringe-worthy dialogue, makes it a tough slog.
B000002LND|5.0|The CD worked perfectly, and is now a part of my mp3 selections!  Thank you!
038560310X|3.0|All I can remember about this novel is that it was slipshod in a purposeful, stylistic way.  Nevertheless, nothing appears to have any symbolic purpose unless it's conveniently explained in detail at some point.  Some chapters and footnotes are simply painful to go through.  Most conspiciously, the echo chapter, which can be easily skipped.  Most of the protagonist's footnotes in the story tend to detract into superfluous sexcapades, which are often fairly boring.  There's also a lot of silly conclusions that he tends to make that just seem to be pasted around to seem deep.  Don't expect much out of the experiments with the format; they are both sparse and do not provide much effect.  (Often, they feel forced, in fact)    The story within the story is pretty interesting, and the most enjoyable chapter was the one which centered on Karen Green near the end.  Another part was Pelafina's letters at the end, which can be used as corroboration for the protagonist's abstruse experiences as merely psychosis.    Not a terrible book, but don't expect it to be pleasant the whole way through.  I'd recommend simply skimming or passing by the unpleasant parts; you would miss very little.
B001TKS462|5.0|This book presents essential knowledge for new managers to help them quickly lay a strong foundation for success. It does so in a jargon-free manner and in a well-organized format. The table of contents acts as an outline and overview. Five core or fundamental propositions are presented in the introduction, explored in ten chapters, and revisited in the conclusion.<br /><br />Implementation of high-level principles is supported with practical advice. I was especially impressed with the scope of the the book such as the wise inclusion of pitfalls such as family issues created by a move. The information is consistently helpful, practical and based on experience and observation rather than being purely theoretical. The book lends itself to quick reading and then extended study and use.<br /><br />I would recommend The First 90 Days for all new leaders, or even leaders undertaking new projects, without reservation. MBA schools would do well to give all students a copy of it with their diplomas and businesses would do well to give a copy to all new managers.<br /><br />Note:  A review copy of this book was provided by the publisher through the Amazon Vine program.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle's voice is a gift for which I give thanks each time I hear it. She lifts my heart. Think wild honey, heaven, and a good cuppa tea.
0060012358|5.0|A stupid looking young boy arrives in the town of Bad Blintz, along with a scruffy looking cat and a troop of rats. This is the Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents. No, Maurice isn't the boy. Maurice is the cat, who talks and is the brains of the operation. Maurice is, to put it bluntly, a con artist. The rodents also talk, courtesy of the garbage pile behind the wizard's university. They are intelligent and self aware, and in fact are evolving their own system of ethics and religion. They do this in between running scams on towns where the rats invade people's homes, eating their food, widdling in the cream, and then the boy pipes them out of town. Oh, by the way, this is a Discworld novel. Knowing that might make all this more understandable.<br /><br />In Bad Blintz, things don't go the usual way. They can find no regular rats, but food is disappearing at an incredible rate, and the two town rat catchers are coming up with a huge number of rat tails to show what they're catching. And a girl named Malicia Grim sees through the boy and Maurice right off the bat. Soon the merry band is embroiled in a life or death adventure.<br /><br />The story is adventure, comedy, mystery, a bit of horror and a commentary on society. The plot moves swiftly and I couldn't wait to see what happened next. But the best part was watching the rats (and Maurice) develop emotionally and philosophically. They aren't just animals who can speak about their instincts; they are now self aware and capable of thinking in the abstract. Great stuff!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|The movie itself is as grand as I remember it being in theaters, but for those of you who do not know a few of the things coming up concerning this release, and some of the requirements for Blu Ray players, here they are:<br /><br />1. To play this Blu Ray, your player will most likely need a firmware update unless the model Blu Ray player you are using was released after the movie. These firmware updates can usually be found by accessing \\"settings\\" under you Blu Ray player's menu selection and then pressing \\"enter\\" on an option similar to \\"software update\\". You will need to have your player connected to the internet for this update to be accomplished. There are also sites where these updates can be found if you wish to use an flash drive to transfer the information. Usually, the manufacture's site will have a link to download the firmware.<br /><br />2. This release is just the movie. As of right now the reasoning behind this is that the color and the detail of the film were wanted to be shown at their highest possible levels. Because of this an entire Blu Ray disc is simply devoted to the movie. Obviously, special features could have been added on another disc, and according to the reps who stock the film where I work, somewhere between Sept. and Nov. is when they plan to release this version (probably to be in time for the holidays).<br /><br />3. No 3D for a long time. The current televisions that display 3D still have a long way to go before they are affordable for most of us, and because of the means they use to generate 3D images, they downplay color. Again, according to the reps that I speak with, the release of Avatar in 3D is some two, to perhaps three years out when televisions that are 3D can generate the \\"Avatar quality\\" color.<br /><br />In any case the movie is shown beautifully in its Blu Ray format and reasonably well on the DVD. While neither of these contain special features, I do not have a problem with this as after watching a nearly three hour long movie I am kinda done with Avatar for a while (not that I do not enjoy watching the film multiple times).<br /><br />As for sound, the discs do very well in capturing the movie's audio BUT this is NOT true 7.1. All of the audio tracks are in 5.1, this can be seen by looking on the back of the disc's case. Of course, however, all of the tracks are presenting in high quality forms.<br /><br />Anyways, I hope that I may have helped one or two of you out there. It is a good film, not exactly original if you saw it in 3-D, but still the film is well tolerated by the majority of movie goers (which is a hard thing to come by these days). If you haven't seen it, give it a watch. It is worth your time. Just be aware that more is on the horizon with this film.Avatar for a while (not that I do not enjoy watching the film multiple times).    As for sound, the discs do very well in capturing the movie's audio BUT this is NOT true 7.1. All of the audio tracks are in 5.1, this can be seen by looking on the back of the disc's case. Of course, however, all of the tracks are presenting in high quality forms.    Anyways, I hope that I may have helped one or two of you out there. It is a good film, not exactly original if you saw it in 3-D, but still the film is well tolerated by the majority of movie goers (which is a hard thing to come by these days). If you haven't seen it, give it a watch. It is worth your time. Just be aware that more is on the horizon with this film.
030745455X|5.0|Mia Johansson, a bright young graduate student, is in the final stages of preparing her doctoral thesis on the controversial topic of sex trafficking. Her journalist boyfriend, Dag Svensson, approaches Mikael Blomkvist, the publisher of Millennium magazine, with the idea of extending this research into a series of articles on sex trafficking in Sweden. Knowing that this kind of expos&eacute; will reach into the heart of the Russian mafia, white slavery, the exploitation of under-age prostitutes and the sleazy, corrupt lives of some of the best known figures in Sweden's political establishment, Blomkvist jumps on board and throws himself into an investigation that is fraught with danger.<br /><br />Seeking to slake a seemingly endless thirst for computer hacking, Lisbeth Salander, a former researcher for Millennium magazine, randomly trolls through Blomkvist's hard drive and learns of the plans for the upcoming articles. Her memories of a difficult childhood and her disgust for men that would treat young women as little more than commodities and slaves move her to involve herself in the investigation and take justice into her own hands. Her plans for revenge backfire and she soon finds herself charged with three murders. Forced into hiding, she must avoid both the police and those who would kill her to prevent the disclosure of a searing sex scandal.<br /><br />If Lisbeth Salander isn't the most bizarre and off-the-wall literary character ever created, she'd certainly be a front-runner in any ranking. She's a skinny, hard-edged but attractive, on-again off-again feminist; a tattoed punk wild child with bisexual tendencies; an extraordinary computer hacker and skilled journalistic researcher with a photographic memory; a skilled boxer; a survivor of child abuse whose difficult memories of rape and sexual assault have turned into an abiding hatred and a desire for revenge on misognynists; and, last but not least, a multi-millionaire recluse whose desire for privacy would make Howard Hughes look like a party animal.<br /><br />THE GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE is a gutsy, hard-driving psychological thriller with a convoluted plot and a brilliant cast of richly, developed characters. It's a long novel, to be sure, but the writing is so rich, the plot is so deep, the dialogue is so convincing, and the characters are so twisted, that turning the pages deep into the wee hours just seems to happen all by itself. The ending, which is obviously a cliff-hanger intended to leave room for the third novel in the trilogy, THE GIRL WHO KICKED THE HORNET'S NEST, is perfect ... it ends this segment of the story with all of the threads perfectly tied up but leaves a reader in the position of desperately wanting to go to the bookstore to pick up the copy of the third novel!<br /><br />While THE GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE can, of course, be read purely on a surface level as a brilliant thriller, Stieg Larsson clearly had an interest in making a political comment on the sex trade in general. Obviously he wanted to create a vehicle to remind the world not only of the plight of these young women who are being abused but, perhaps more important, of the lack of action and any political will on the part of the world's governments to deal with the issue of human trafficking on an international scale.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Paul Weisslook like a party animal.    THE GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE is a gutsy, hard-driving psychological thriller with a convoluted plot and a brilliant cast of richly, developed characters. It's a long novel, to be sure, but the writing is so rich, the plot is so deep, the dialogue is so convincing, and the characters are so twisted, that turning the pages deep into the wee hours just seems to happen all by itself. The ending, which is obviously a cliff-hanger intended to leave room for the third novel in the trilogy, THE GIRL WHO KICKED THE HORNET'S NEST, is perfect ... it ends this segment of the story with all of the threads perfectly tied up but leaves a reader in the position of desperately wanting to go to the bookstore to pick up the copy of the third novel!    While THE GIRL WHO PLAYED WITH FIRE can, of course, be read purely on a surface level as a brilliant thriller, Stieg Larsson clearly had an interest in making a political comment on the sex trade in general. Obviously he wanted to create a vehicle to remind the world not only of the plight of these young women who are being abused but, perhaps more important, of the lack of action and any political will on the part of the world's governments to deal with the issue of human trafficking on an international scale.     Highly recommended.    Paul Weiss
B002VPE1AW|1.0|I agree with many of the 1-star reviewers.  These greedy companies need to stop the 'double dipping'.  Where are the extras?  They should be included in the initial public release AND there should have been a 3D copy released as well. And now i'm hearing many Blu-Ray copies won't play on many players due to DRM transfer/compatibility issues! SHAME ON THEM!
0385504225|5.0|This book had so many twists and turns and had so much incredibly enlightened information.  It was exciting, intriguing, and filled with the unexpected.  The proverbial page-turner at it's best.  It was very enlightening regarding Masonic legends, symbols and practices.  I have to believe the nay sayers were not evolved enough to understand what they missed.  If, instead of being in such a hurry to criticize, people would put their energy into understanding what was presented here, they might learn something.  If you didn't \\"get it\\" don't criticize the author - it isn't his fault - it could have been a spiritual awakening for you! Wonderful book!  I love Robert Langdon and all his interesting friends and exciting adventures and the very enlightened way these books are presented.  Perhaps I've overused the word enlightened here, but I don't think so - it fits!  Thank you Dan Brown and I will eagerly await your next book.
B001NXBRJG|4.0|The movie is as good as ever. But I was hoping that since it  was the Blu-ray release and the 10th anniversary edition to boot, there would be lots of extras. The extras were the same as what was on the original DVD that I had gotten years ago. Loved the hi-def look of the movie, but come on folks! Let's have more behind the scenes extras!
B00005OCMR|5.0|I picked this up when I found out Tron 2 was coming out in Dec 2010. It was still just what I loved as a kid. For its time I give it 5 stars.
B002ZTQVBQ|5.0|I admit, I waited awhile to watch this one, although the kids obviously LOVED it.  They loved it so much, that when I finally committed to watching it, I saw my deaf 3 year old twins both stand to clap when it was beginning.  This is a really sweet movie, beautifully done, with a great story.  Buy it!  And, if you have a blu-ray player, invest in the blu-ray for this one ... It's a keeper!!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|The movie in Blu-Ray in beyond amazing!!!!!!!!! After it was over, I just sat there in awe of what I just watched and the amazing special effects and the flawless QUALITY of the movie!!!!!! Don't be ridiculous and moan and groan because their weren't any \\"special features\\" or it's not 3-D. It will be out soon enough.     I didn't go see it in 3-D and I will buy that version when it comes out...but being this was my first time seeing the movie, it was STILL the best I had ever experienced!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|The movie really make me think about what I am eating and what has happened before the food comes to my table. I was really inspired by the very courageous people who made this film and who were involved in it. I hope all will be safe and will not have their lives destroyed by speaking out.     I feel compelled to act after seeing the film. Hopefully a few people will join me. What if we have Pay Day Potlucks on the 1st and 15th of the month so the food corporations can see how powerful we are. Let's hit them in the pocket book and have a say in what we eat. No one should own our food production system.     No one should treat workers and animals like machines. First Pay Day Potluck (PDP) at my house on Saturday, May 1. I will be the one making homemade rolls or strawberry shortcake! My friend Scottie will bring the home brew! Pass it on! Why not do it in your neighborhood! Like the movie says, we do have power. We vote three times a day!
B000S1M9LY|1.0|This is the last time I buy a book from my Kindle as I was shocked when I saw the pricing on this after the fact.  I absolutely refuse to pay more for the electronic version of a book than for a physical copy.  I know this is the publisher's fault and not Amazon's so I will do my best to punish them by simply not buying their products.  Lots of other stuff out there with more rational pricing and that is where I will direct my dollars.  I encourage other Kindle owners to do the same.
B000A0GYD2|5.0|Putting a man on the moon is one of man's greatest accomplishments. The fact that the US did it is and should be a huge source of pride. Anyone with any technical background knows that it was an amazing feat with the technology of the day, and one wonders whether America is capable of such an achievement today, with today's technology.    After seeing Apollo 13 with my 7 year old son he was addicted. This HBO series filled and fed his addiction. When he was 8 he memorized and recited the well-known portion of Kennedy's Moon Speech (We choose to go to the moon in this decade ...) in the prose and poetry contest at his little British school here in London. Just that speech alone moved lots of the US citizens and UK citizens alike.    Watch this series and maybe stop taking for granted America's great accomplishment, learn just what went into it and more. It was an unimaginable task and they did it. I am still in awe and I loved every minute of the 12 episodes.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|The Blu-ray disk has superb quality of picture and sound.  Despite being 2-D rather than 3-D, because the film was done to provide a feeling of depth, it looks great.<br /><br />No let's get to all this noise about it not having extra footage or special features. What nonsense.  Would you rather be enjoying the movie until the extended version is released, or do you just want to spend your time trimming your toe nails?  As for special features, on movies such as Lord of the Rings, I've looked at the special features only once.  When available, I will probably do the same for Avatar, but I'll watch the movie many times.  For lesser movies, I never even look at the special features.<br /><br />This release has one fantastic thing that you cannot find on any other Fox BD or DVD...NO advertising coming to theaters or coming to DVD...PRICELESS!!!  I hate to pay for something and then be forced to watch commercials.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|You can always tell a Roland Emmerich movie from all others because his characters act like no human being on the planet earth<br /><br />When all hell is literally exploding around them, some idiot always races back to an inferno or the scene of a nightmare to retrieve something. In this case, while a plane is trying to take off from a landing strip while around are exploding fireballs and the ground caving in, John Cusack races back to a burning van to find some stupid map. The same thing happened in Emmerich's miserable Godzilla, where a photographer races back to grab his camera from the ground--although there are six monstrous dinosaurs racing to devour him.<br /><br />In this movie, while the earth is imploding, along with tidal waves and earthquakes galore, the president and his staff all move around as if life is still going on.  Danny Glover as the US President acts like he's suffering from acute constipation in all his scenes, barely raising his voice above a pained whisper.<br /><br />Children shriek continuously and the main characters always have time to discuss life while the end of the world is occuring.<br /><br />At first, the spectacular destruction of Mother Earth was fun and exciting. After awhile mostly because of the idiocy of the characters, I just turned off the sound while flipping through my latest copy of National Enquirer.<br />c<br />CC
B000AYEL6U|2.0|I must be the dissenting voice here. I love a good British drama, but was disappointed here. I found it melodramatic and terribly predictable, a wanna be Pride and Prejudice with a dollop of Heathcliff thrown in. And it felt far too modern in some specific scenes- does the book have it's protagonists passionately kissing in the train station at it's conclusion? I wonder. Maybe it's a generational thing, but give me the old Masterpiece Theater productions, which to me feel much truer to the time.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This product is very easy to carry and works great. I am a professional chef working temp assignments and don't always want to pull out my own knife. I have this in my backpack and it works great sharpening knives where ever I work. I am going to buy another for my girlfriend whom also is a professional chef. I have nicer sharpeners that don't travel with me, but in the field where you need to travel light and lean, this is an excellent product.
B002ONC9NC|5.0|When they say,'they don't make 'em like that any more' AN EDUCATION proves that they DO!<br />A real gem and not to be missed.
0316066524|5.0|Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace is the undiscovered classic of our time, and quite possibly the most challenging piece of fiction to date. A book that dives so deep into the human psyche it is almost incomprehensible, however David Foster Wallace's brilliance doesn't end at his analysis of Entertainment, Depression, or even the other innumerable subcategories of genre. He is able to successfully propose ideology that threatens your very mind, but in the same breath eases the pain with an uncanny ability to use comic relief. If you haven't read this book, you have yet to experience life with a new mind. To say this book is for every reader, would be a fallacy, and I simply can not lie. However, if you have the drive, ambition, and passion to take the time to experience this American masterpiece, please do. I promise, upon completion of the novel, it will change your life. As a warning, I ask that you be careful and think critically when reading the novel, because as I have mentioned, the novel can be severely depressing and will challenge your mind to new heights. Live, read, and Love Infinite Jest by David Foster Wallace.
B0033AX26I|5.0|Wonderful. Truly history. Did not know about this. Wonderful music Spanish with Irish instruments in back ground. Some story telling music.
0307463745|4.0|I am a long-time reader of the 37 Signals vs Noise blog and user of their products. Their book resonated with me just like their products and blog posts do. Not many new ideas in here for me but if you are new to 37 Signals I think you will find their approach to business and beliefs about work unique and healthy.
B000001G1E|5.0|This has got to be the best box set there is...Growing up in the 60s I was aware of JBs R&B masterpieces like Sex Machine and I Feel Good...but I never knew there was a whole james brown era before that. And its just as stellar! The first disk from his period before that is just incredible. (But all 4 disks are flawless from start to finish) And those Fabulous Flames...man! They are fabulous! This is one box set that completely delivers.
0316666343|1.0|Yes, it started well. The type of book you allow yourself to keep reading despite the average writing style because the story is a 'page-turner'. Then the story, before any conclusions, reaches a cliff and drops down it...... I've come to Amazon to get a two paragraph summary of the end of the story, as I will not be finishing the book. Not recommended.
B00006G8HX|5.0|EXCELLENT! Excellent! Excellent! Excellent!
B002IVLH60|5.0|Love the songs on here. Amazingly Pearl Jam again goes with a different sound, yet I still hear it's them. The know how to start an album and get the blood flowing with Gonna See my Friend followed with Got Some. The theme running throughout, whether they meant it or not, is nature versus nurture; each song falls into one or the other category. Don't just listen to the radio played songs Just Breathe and The Fixer, my favorites are Unthought Known, Against the Waves, Speed of Sound, Force of Nature, The End. So don't just cherry pick with a couple you've heard on the radio, buy the entire set.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Dan, I really respect your honesty. This film borrowed a lot from a lot of different places. You forgot to mention japanimation. Don't the Nav'i look like Peter Chung's character designs, bodywise, i.e. stretched, athletic, exxagerated proportions? And don't the so called \\"hallelujah mountains\\" look a lot like the floating mountains in Escaflowne? Like you, I didn't care for any of the characters in this film at all. Cameron-riders will point out how much money this film made as validation of how good it is quality-wise. Like you, I found District 9 to be far superior to Avatar. In regards to effects, pound for pound, District 9's were much better at about a twentieth of Avatar's cost. And if you read all of Avatar's positive reviewers you begin to notice a telltale pattern: they all laud the film's 3-D effects. None of the reviews laud the film's storyline at all. So, most of Avatar's positive reviewers also didn't think much of the movie's other elements. The success of this film says a lot about where we are as a society: style over substance. To say that this mediocre presentation--Cameron's weakest by far--is one of the greatest films ever is like saying that the Yugo is one of the best cars ever made. I wonder where films by Fellini, Bergman, Hitchcock, Kurosawa, Amoldovar, The Archers, Lang, Lean, etc. would rank on such lists? Can anyone with a straight face and a reference of truly great films compare a vehicle--yes vehicle--like Avatar to a film like say Lawrence of Arabia? Please! Avatar was a vehicle to prostitute the next entertainment format--3-D technology--and to pimp gullible, empty, blind, ignorant comsumers out of as much cash as possible. Think people! Consumers are just beginning to warm up to Blu ray and it's hard--and very expensive--to replace all those DVDs we've been collecting over the past fifteen years; now, they come out with yet another \\"must have\\" format that they claim will drive expensive blu ray movies and their players into obsolesence in a year or so. And don't believe Cameron's hype machine that he had this cookie cutter story mothballed for years but was only waiting for the tech to catch up with his \\"visions.\\" Give me a break! Just because he said it doesn't make it so. Be honest about it: besides the 3-D process he used, what about this film looks like it took over a day or two to conceive by a twelve year old? I'm going to look into my crystal ball now and make a prediction: 3-D will not change the world. It won't stop the killings in Palestine; it won't help earthquake victims in Haiti or China; it won't cure cancer or hunger, etc. But what it will do is put a lot of money in Cameron's bank account and get a lot of techno-sheep to blindly cough up thousands of dollars to upgrade their blu ray players and televisions. Also, 3-D will not take over Hollywood. Has anyone noticed a trend? 3-D technology is only being used in animated films, cgi heavy action films, horror films, and some sci fi. I don't think quality directors like Clint Eastwood, Pedro Amoldovar, Peter Greenaway, etc., will be using the process in any of their films, and this is because these directors' films appeal to older, sophisticated audiences who appreciate plot, character development, nuance, etc. over style, noise, and flash. Don't believe me? Check out every last film that's scheduled to come out this year in 3-D; all of these films will fall into one of the categories I mentioned above. So, Dan, my friend, you are not alone in your sentiments. Like the picture showing amoebas evolving to fish, to lizards, to monkeys, and finally to man, we've hit the end of that plateau and now we're sliding backwards. The appeal of this film proves that.<br /><br />Johnny Bsence in a year or so. And don't believe Cameron's hype machine that he had this cookie cutter story mothballed for years but was only waiting for the tech to catch up with his \\"visions.\\" Give me a break! Just because he said it doesn't make it so. Be honest about it: besides the 3-D process he used, what about this film looks like it took over a day or two to conceive by a twelve year old? I'm going to look into my crystal ball now and make a prediction: 3-D will not change the world. It won't stop the killings in Palestine; it won't help earthquake victims in Haiti or China; it won't cure cancer or hunger, etc. But what it will do is put a lot of money in Cameron's bank account and get a lot of techno-sheep to blindly cough up thousands of dollars to upgrade their blu ray players and televisions. Also, 3-D will not take over Hollywood. Has anyone noticed a trend? 3-D technology is only being used in animated films, cgi heavy action films, horror films, and some sci fi. I don't think quality directors like Clint Eastwood, Pedro Amoldovar, Peter Greenaway, etc., will be using the process in any of their films, and this is because these directors' films appeal to older, sophisticated audiences who appreciate plot, character development, nuance, etc. over style, noise, and flash. Don't believe me? Check out every last film that's scheduled to come out this year in 3-D; all of these films will fall into one of the categories I mentioned above. So, Dan, my friend, you are not alone in your sentiments. Like the picture showing amoebas evolving to fish, to lizards, to monkeys, and finally to man, we've hit the end of that plateau and now we're sliding backwards. The appeal of this film proves that.    Johnny B
031606792X|5.0|The item arrived in less than 7 days, was in mint condition and even had a jacket on it.  Like always, Amazon came though with flying colors.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|So, I will simply state that this work is heartfelt, hilarious, brilliant, and catchy.    I have the bad horse chorus stuck in my head right now. I couldn't be happier.
B0009K8L5W|5.0|The \\"Pies Descalzos\\" CD is Shakira's trademark CD that propelled her to instant stardom. It is full of easy going music and subtle, but fun, rhythmic tones yet it has profound lyrics about the current events at the time the CD was released.<br />Definitely, a must-have for Shakira fans.
B0000DYJM6|5.0|I love this double CD. I've had it in my player for months and can't bear to replace it with anything else. I still can't believe that most of these songs were throw aways, not used on the albums that they were written for. I was stoked to see it had Yellow Ledbetter as well as Last Kiss but I have come to love just about every song. The songs are so varied and show Pearl Jam's versitility and genius. I highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys music.
B0039OGGVQ|4.0|I was really looking forward to Slash's collaboration with other artists I had heard were on the disc, especially Ozzy, Chris Cornell and Dave Grohl. Unfortunately not all the singers measure up to Slash's RNR standards. In the end 75 percent of the disc rocks while the rest more like filler. Slash is not to blame. He brings it throughout. But some collobarations were more successful than others. Fergie's song Beautiful Dangerous was a pleasant surprise. She really can rock! She always sounds better to me when she's not with BEP. My favorites in addition to Fergie are Ghost with Ian Astbury, Crucify the Dead with Ozzy, Promise with Chris Cornell, Saint is a Sinner Too with Rocco Deluca, We're all Gonna Die with Iggy Pop and the instrumental with Dave Grohl and Duff McKagen called Watch This Dave. I was surprised the last had no vocal and its so good its like hearing a newly formed band. Myles Kennedy is good and I understand is touring for this release with Slash. He does the songs well but his vocal quality is not as distinct as the others which makes him sound like a demo vocalist. Adam Levine slows the pace down  but sounds like good Maroon 5, not really good or bad. Same for the rest of the vocals, not really good or bad but Slash's guitar always comes through.<br /><br />Strangley I have not heard ANY TRACKS from this release on the radio since it came out which surprises me. In the NYC market I listen to Q-104 could play any one of these except for maybe Fergie. Fergie or Kid Rock could work on pop radio like WPLJ. And WRXP plays mainly alternative and many tracks could qualify eg. Iggy Pop, Adam Levine, Chris Cornell considering they have played songs from their past recordings. Maybe Slash is not marketing the disc to radio but prefers other outlets like AOL. Also could be this release cannot be pigeonholed due to the varied performers Slash has collected. But I still recommend it for those who are craving a new Guns N Roses or Velvet Revolver.
0312962118|4.0|I enjoy Meade's fictional escapes as he always finds a great premise, surrounds it with believable characters, and sets them off at a blistering pace. In Snow Wolf he transcends the 'assassination of a historical figure' plot by not falling prey to Jason Bourne/James Bond pyrotechnics and superhero capabilities. In this case Ike authorizes the elimination of Stalin due to his mental health. Two very human CIA agents, posing as man and wife, are sent to Soviet Russia tasked with taking out Uncle Joe which kicks off a KGB pursuit. By the end of the novel you are asking yourself, \\"did something like that really happen?\\" and that is what makes the book a solid read.
0307454541|5.0|This book will have you biting your nails. After being immersed in non-fiction reading last year, I heard about this book. What a read, what a compelling, riveting suspenseful story!<br />The characters get into your heart and head and you so want Vanger's niece to be alive after decades of wondering. This story will stay with you forever. The only other book I've read (True Crime) that I know will always stay with me is \\"Goodbye Natalie Goodbye Splendour.\\" I am so surprised at the intensity of this book, and I anxiously want to read the sequel. Stieg Larsson is gone but left behind is one of the best books ever published!
0882709194|1.0|Amazon, if you're listening this book is a deception, the 50-page intro is a religious tract, and given the deception, I don't know that the Origin of the Species that follows has not been revised from Darwin's original.  Someone also get word to the guy putting together the list of books for boys, who probably intends to include Darwin's book in his list but picked this one without realizing it has the religious nonsense.  Amazon, please add a warning to this book, so people don't waste their money. I threw mine away.
B000002BYD|4.0|I enjoy this CD. Pearl Jam mixed with middle eastern influences. This has Given to Fly and Do the Evolution but I love all the songs. The lyrics and music are deep and inspiring - just soaring. My favorites are Given to Fly; Faithfull; No Way; Wishlist, Pilate; MFC; Low Light; and In Hiding. This album has been discontinued so don't hesitate to get it, it will be well worth the money.
0156027321|5.0|My son read the Life of Pi by Yann Martel back when he was a senior in high school. He thoroughly enjoyed the book and recommended I read it. The book opens with the Author's Notes, or what is usually referred to as the Preface or Prologue, where Martel sets up the the book  by letting the reader know why and under what circumstances he came to write this tale about a family named Patel who live in Pondicherry, India during the mid-1970s and who own and manage the local zoo. They have two sons, Ravi and his younger brother Piscine. Martel says he usually writes fictional stories, but because of the amazing circumstances surrounding what he calls this unbelievably gripping, true-life journey of the Patel family, especially the younger brother Piscine, he decided to chronicle their amazing life and death adventure.<br /><br />Having lived in Calcutta, India myself for a number of months in the early 1980s, I found this intriguing story irresistible. Little did I know the twists and turns that awaited me. It didn't take long before it became clear the author had written more of an allegorical tale than a true life story. Unlike quite a number of those who posted book reviews, I was only reading Life of Pi for the pure enjoyment of the story. Some reviewers decided to wax philosophical about the story which led to a number of pretty hotly contested arguments over the author's symbolic illustrations as to what was the true, \\"deeper\\" meaning of Martel's tale. Having said that, please pardon me for saying the following: I didn't read the Life of Pi as a school assignment or for a group discussion; I simply read it for the pleasure of the tale. So there will be very few, if any, dynamic and set in concrete opinions in my review. I may be wrong, but I'm pretty sure with the numerous reviews on the Life of Pi to choose from, this shouldn't come as a disappointment to anyone.<br /><br />SPOILER ALERT: The remainder of my review covers significant parts of the story, which includes the ending. If you don't want to know what happens -- STOP NOW! If this doesn't bother you, and you are a bold and daring reader, you may proceed, though carefully and at your own risk.<br /><br />As most authors do, Martel spends the first part of the book introducing the reader to the key characters. In one part, he adds a very clever and humorous story on how the main character, younger brother Piscine Molitor Patel, came to be called Pi. At times Martel seemed to intentionally provide the reader with an over abundance of detailed information about a number of characters, as well as a variety of curious subjects. He does this early on concerning the management of the family zoo, especially a number pages specifically on animal husbandry. He also adds a fairly humorous defense and the benefits of wild animals living in a zoo environment, rather than out in their natural habitat. This style of detailed dialogue would be repeated on several different subjects throughout the book, which is what gave me my first inkling that this was not going to be your typical adventure story. I found the detailed discussion informative, and very helpful later on in the story, even though a number of other reviewers clearly found them boring and pure agony.<br /><br />As a result of the poor political and economic conditions in India in the 1970s under Mrs. Gandhi's administration, Mr. Patel, Pi's father, decides to sell the zoo and move his family of four to Toronto, Canada. Their adventure begins when they book passage on a Japanese-owned cargo ship so they can accompany a number of their zoo animals while they are being relocated. For reasons never clearly explained, the ship sinks not long after their stop in Manila. As a result of some pretty unusual events, Pi finds himself in danger in one of the ship's large, 26-foot lifeboats, along with some less than welcome company--a 450-pound Bengal tiger named Richard Parker, an injured zebra, a viscous hyena, an agitated orangutan, a rat and a band of cockroaches. Pi, a now terrified 16-year-old, occupies one end of the metal lifeboat, while all of the animals occupy the other end. Through a series of very explicitly barbarous scenes, Pi is forced to watch while all of the animals are systematically exterminated, except for the tiger, realizing his own life will likely soon come to a similar end.<br /><br />Pi spends the rest of this nightmarish journey doing everything he can to stave off his own death. Through his intelligent use of what he learned and observed at the family zoo (See, I told you it was important), a detailed survival book, a cleverly devised makeshift raft and the food and water already stored on the lifeboat, as well as an peculiar eclectic system of religious beliefs, Pi is able to not only delay his own demise during the 227-day journey, but he even begins to establish himself as the alpha male on board; well, almost anyway.<br /><br />The book moves along as a pretty tightly organized story. That is, until near the end when the hinges really seem to come loose on the storyline and,in my opinion, some very bizarre events begin to take place; events that honestly don't seem to fit into this story at all. At one point, both Pi and the tiger are each clearly losing their battle against dehydration and starvation. In the process, Pi loses his eyesight and, inexplicably, their boat bumps into a lifeboat of a survivor from a completely different shipwreck, who is also blind. The survivor and Pi have a nice little blind-person chat, after which Richard Parker suddenly leaps over and makes a meal out of the blind stranger.<br /><br />Later, and with his vision now restored, Pi and Richard Parker land on a carnivorous algae island inhabited by thousands of meerkat-like animals. After discovering what the island is doing (slowly eating everyone--Didn't I tell you it was getting bizarre?), Pi and the tiger leave the island and eventually land on a nice sandy beach in Mexico. Then suddenly Richard Parker bolts and runs into the nearby forest, never to be seen again. Pi is rescued by a group of locals on the beach and is nursed back to health in a hospital. The book begins drawing to a rather rapid and abrupt ending at this point with a question and answer session in the hospital between Pi and representatives from the Japanese freight company who are investigating the sinking of their cargo ship (I have no idea how these guys located Pi at a hospital in Mexico, around 7,000 miles from Japan!). He finds out at this point what he has suspected all along...that he is the only survivor from the ship disaster and is now a 17-year-old orphan. After Pi tells the two investigators his wild and fanciful story the two investigators bluntly tell him his story is too far fetched and they don't believe it's what really happened (just as I don't). Pi angrily tells them another shorter version, a less exciting version of the story, covering mostly only the cold, hard facts, which curiously the two investigators don't seem to believe either, until one turns to the other (and in Japanese)begins to put together the similarities of the two stories, which leads them to the shocking realization of what really happened. Interestingly, the two wind up filing an abbreviated version of the initial fanciful, faith-based story in their formal report. The reader will have to come to their own conclusion why. Their conversation is definitely an unusual and sometimes humorous exchange spoken partly in English and partly in Japanese (well, sort of!) that you really need to read for yourself.<br /><br />Like my son, I too enjoyed this definitely unusual, exciting and often grizzly tale of savagery on the open sea. There is nothing common, routine or typical about the Life of Pi, which is probably the reason it has been so widely read, discussed and even debated. Martel skillfully cuts trough some of the gut-wrenching horror by carefully interjecting humor and humorous situations at key points, giving the reader a mental and emotional recess from all the chaotic action and anguish. My son thinks this book would make a good movie. I would agree, but only if the tediously slow periods and the 8-month voyage could be tightened up without losing the book's storyline.<br /><br />Finally, there was one statement early on in the book that I think was never resolved; at least not to my satisfaction anyway. Considering all that happened during Pi's nearly 8-month ocean voyage, there is a statement early on assuring the reader that the story would have a \\"happy ending.\\" Well, I'm still searching for that part. I guess maybe I must have a few pages missing from my book. Oh well, it was still an interesting read.<br /><br />Postscript: I believe I have discovered the aforementioned \\"happy ending.\\" Silly me, I was looking for the \\"happy ending\\" at the . . . end of the book! Instead, it is located in chapter 36 of this 100-chapter book. So there you are.forest, never to be seen again. Pi is rescued by a group of locals on the beach and is nursed back to health in a hospital. The book begins drawing to a rather rapid and abrupt ending at this point with a question and answer session in the hospital between Pi and representatives from the Japanese freight company who are investigating the sinking of their cargo ship (I have no idea how these guys located Pi at a hospital in Mexico, around 7,000 miles from Japan!). He finds out at this point what he has suspected all along...that he is the only survivor from the ship disaster and is now a 17-year-old orphan. After Pi tells the two investigators his wild and fanciful story the two investigators bluntly tell him his story is too far fetched and they don't believe it's what really happened (just as I don't). Pi angrily tells them another shorter version, a less exciting version of the story, covering mostly only the cold, hard facts, which curiously the two investigators don't seem to believe either, until one turns to the other (and in Japanese)begins to put together the similarities of the two stories, which leads them to the shocking realization of what really happened. Interestingly, the two wind up filing an abbreviated version of the initial fanciful, faith-based story in their formal report. The reader will have to come to their own conclusion why. Their conversation is definitely an unusual and sometimes humorous exchange spoken partly in English and partly in Japanese (well, sort of!) that you really need to read for yourself.    Like my son, I too enjoyed this definitely unusual, exciting and often grizzly tale of savagery on the open sea. There is nothing common, routine or typical about the Life of Pi, which is probably the reason it has been so widely read, discussed and even debated. Martel skillfully cuts trough some of the gut-wrenching horror by carefully interjecting humor and humorous situations at key points, giving the reader a mental and emotionalrecess from all the chaotic action and anguish. My son thinks this book would make a good movie. I would agree, but only if the tediously slow periods and the 8-month voyage could be tightened up without losing the book's storyline.    Finally, there was one statement early on in the book that I think was never resolved; at least not to my satisfaction anyway. Considering all that happened during Pi's nearly 8-month ocean voyage, there is a statement early on assuring the reader that the story would have a \\"happy ending.\\" Well, I'm still searching for that part. I guess maybe I must have a few pages missing from my book. Oh well, it was still an interesting read.    Postscript: I believe I have discovered the aforementioned \\"happy ending.\\" Silly me, I was looking for the \\"happy ending\\" at the . . . end of the book! Instead, it is located in chapter 36 of this 100-chapter book. So there you are.
B00360CY50|5.0|I got the 2 CD set.  The new album, CD 1, \\"The curious Thing\\" is very good as good as her first album if not better!    The second CD is awful; \\"Live at the Barrowland Ballroom\\" she is off key, slow.  If I had heard this stuff from her first I would had never come back to listen again.  Stay with the originals and you will love her.
0385335997|5.0|At the start of this book, I was afraid it wasn't going to live up to the first two. It took me awhile to figure out why I wasn't liking it as much. While I enjoyed learning about Jamie and Claire after they were separated, it's the two of them together that make this series so special. And then I realized that story of their 20 years apart is important too. As a reader we need to understand how much of an influence they had on one another. That even after 20 years (not to mention 2 centuries), they still hold those outstanding feelings for each other. But, I have to admit, that moment in the print shop was what I was waiting for! This book takes you on a ride. It's not stop action with all that heart stopping romance in between. It's suspenseful, and at times I really wondered if Jamie and/or Claire was going to get out of whatever situation they managed to find themselves in. It had some major shocks and twists in it, things that I was down right not expecting. And, at times I wondered if 20 years of separation was just too much to overcome. At the end of the story, I was left with a book that rivals my first love of Outlander! I was amazed at the story Diana Gabaldon has managed to create.
B000063DFN|5.0|Greate album, best of the Bruce D. era....though I will always have a soft spot for Killers(raw without the opera singer).  Needless to say all the stars align on this one!  To this day I still have not figured out what all the rave for Number of the Beast is all about...boring simple album in my opinion. Powerslave displays Iron Maiden at their peak,complex and tight.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Such a cool CD. I was glad they had this in stock because it was discontinued and it did not disappoint! No Code is a different direction for Pearl Jam from the previous albums, more introspective and varied in music styles, I really really like all the songs but my favs - in no particular order are: Sometimes; Hail, Hail; Who You Are, In My Tree; Smile, Off He Goes; Red Mosquito; Lukin; I'm Open; Around the Bend. A definite recommend - get it while supplies last.
157421327X|4.0|Although not exactly what Zentangle started out to be, this little book is a great way to get more interest in the program.  It is a perfect introduction for anyone, school art teachers, scrap booking fans or  children who may not think they are artistic, but need to find a quiet way to use some time, and express themselves.  Start with this book learn more from the web site and you could get addicted!
B000148KK2|5.0|This has got to be the most thoughtful, personal and intelligent of Diana Krall's albums (I own most of her more popular CDs). Of all her work, this is the CD that keeps drawing me back to listen again, and appreciation of it grows with each hearing. I see that reaction to this album was decidedly mixed compared to some of her more straightforward and up-beat recording projects. I wish she could have continued in this vein, but it seems she may have lost her way a bit after recording The Girl in the Other Room, which I consider to be the artistic zenith of her recording career to date.
0684857219|5.0|This book has everything for the bodybuilder. Excellent all around guide even if you are not a bodybuilder like me. From excercise to diet to training routines for different levels.
B001N18HOQ|5.0|This edition is great. They give you the original versions then the remastered version and add on some that didn't originally make Ten. Love it. Get it. Listen to it again and again. Still amazing.
B003C5FMEE|5.0|Second line riddims + on the one funk + soulful vocals + crunching rock guitars = a fun little album from Trombone Shorty.  Looking forward to checking this band out at Mountain Jam.  Based upon the evidence here, they would seem to be a real party starter.  I'd like to see Troy & Co. join in on the New Mastersounds late night set too, I would think they would find some solid common ground.
1582701709|5.0|Excellent and appropriate satire Ari!      I  wrote a very scathing review of The Secret in 2006, as a trite, superficial and even dangerous piece of starry eyed nonsense. I caught a lot of flack from people about being a big negative meanie and criticizing something harmless and fun and probably helpful to a lot of people... It took a few years but when James Arthur Ray one of the teachers in The Secret hit international news because of events on his \\"Spiritual Warrior\\" retreat I felt both deeply saddened and vindicated. Bad ideas have bad consequences.     You see Ray pushed his participants to the edge of their spiritual and physical endurance to help them overcome any fear, doubt, or \\"victim consciousness\\" and emerge as spiritual warriors on the other side, able to take full responsibility for their lives and for creating reality moment by moment. He had the 60 or so participants, who had each paid the paltry sum of fifteen thousand dollars to be with this \\"master teacher\\" from The Secret, fast for two days whilst doing a \\"vision quest\\" and then put them in a sweat lodge. So confident was Ray in what the universe had in store in response to the reality he was so adept at visualizing that he sealed the room with plastic materials that other less bold sweat lodge facilitators trained in more fear-based ways would never use. he also packed the room, because abundance is of course the universe's way of showing each of us love and why shouldn't you squeeze sixty people in if each is paying fifteen thousand dollars, right? Don't turn away abundance or the fruits of your visualizing power!    Turns out three people died in that ritual, because Ray had forbidden anyone to leave. he may have thought that his mind was powerful enough to intend for the best outcome simply by believing it was so. He may have thought that quantum physics would enable him to bend the very fabric of reality and that each person would get exactly what they needed. He may not have eaten his wheaties that morning - because it didn't work.    This is of course tragic, horrific, a nightmare for him, his followers and the families of those who died and the many others who had to be hospitalized after the debacle.    But perhaps people do get what they deserve, perhaps the universe gives back what we put out, because James Arthur Ray created a reality of delusion, false promises, egomania, materialist greed and lies - and that has led him, unwittingly to a place now much like where Ari lives (if you haven't seen Ari Brouillette's review, look for it - basically it is about being in jail.) But wait - what about the people who died at his hands - who created that reality? Is it their fault for not being good enough visualizers, \\"manifestors\\" or maybe this was exactly the lesson the universe had for them to learn, based on their past lives?     Hmmm -  no, it turns out life is a bit more complex and layered than that isn't it? There is no satisfying metaphysical explanation that will take away the reality of a tragic even born of very bad ideas, greed and a characteristically American spiritual preoccupation with denying reality and believing nonsense.
0736092269|5.0|This book is great, it will guide you in how to train in order to have an excelent workout for each muscle of your body by showing you how to excercise each one of them. The illustrations are very good, so you can understand the development of your muscles.
0143038583|4.0|I love the way how Pollan explains and examines the different food supply choices available for us in the modern age.  I don't think he was being preachy or try to tell us what to eat and not eat but rather gave us very informative details of what modern day food choices consist of and how those choices affect society and the bigger community as a whole.  His observations are both sensible and objective.  He didn't say organic food is always the best, in fact he concluded that if the choice is between conventional food grown locally or organic food grown from the other side of the earth, then by all means go local.  I remembered he didn't like his cardboard tasting organic asparagus from Chile in the middle of winter!  His adventures in the chicken farm and foraging for mushrooms are both fun and interesting.  He conceded that going the extremes are neither practical nor affordable but rather finding some middle ground is the best.  He is critical of the modern day conventional way of growing massive amount of the same food in the same area (monoculture), only because that has been proven very harmful to the environment in the long run.  His descriptions of how cows are raised for beef might turn you away from steaks for awhile.  This is exactly what great writers should do, give us information and we will decide for ourselves.
B00004OCQ2|5.0|Dusk is the third and final album from the group Badlands. It's extremely recorded well. Every song is great. \\"Tribal Moon\\",\\"Lord Knows\\", and \\"The Fire Lasts Forever\\" are my favorite tracks. But they are all very good songs. Its a real shame that this band has disbanded. And even a greater shame regarding the passing of lead singer, Ray Gillen. RIP my friend. This group (Badlands)is very much like Led Zeppelin. Hard Rockin'-Bluesy-style. I also recommend their other 2 albums: Badlands, and Voodoo Highway. I give Dusk a 5-star rating out of 5 stars.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|This movie is exactly the version my mom loves. I ordered it for her birthday and she loved it! Thanks!! :-)
B002VPE1B6|1.0|The movie is good, but this Bluray release is not.  Fox should have just came out with an edition that comes with the special features, instead of this rush job that only has the film, and nothing more.  DO NOT BUY!
B002BWP4A6|4.0|Michael Haneke's latest may well be his greatest.  It's a masterful depiction of the unraveling of a village, in the years leading up to the first World War.  It's a dark film, but I don't think it's bleak.  It is narrated by a hopeful young teacher, whose own sights are raised above the pettiness and insensitivity and unspoken class rivalries that lead the villagers to be mutually suspicious.  At first it is his lofty ideals, his generous spirit and the fact that while he is not naive he nevertheless expects his peers and students to treat one another with basic decency.  Later it is because he is falling in love.  Nevertheless, the story he tells, from a vantage point of age, and likely in the aftermath of the horrors of another even darker war, is a harrowing one.<br /><br />It all starts when the local doctor is thrown from his horse, by a hidden wire set deliberately to harm him.  There is, later, a fatal accident, and subsequent acts of apparently unmotivated cruelty, and at the same time motivations for such crimes begin to mount.  As villagers begin to suspect one another, we as the audience cannot help but suspect nearly every one of some kind of guilt, if not direct complicity with the crimes; and our attention is drawn increasingly to an outwardly respectful and pretty young woman, daughter of the local pastor and on the brink of communion, who seems to be something of a ringleader to the children.<br /><br />Haneke is too clever (and perhaps too perverse) to resolve easily the many tensions that make watching this an unsettling experience, something akin to intellectual horror.  It should not be a spoiler for anyone who's seen any of Haneke's films that ambiguities and uncertainties remain at the end.  At the same time, there are enough moments of light and sympathy, and occasional but rare comic relief, especially in the blossoming romance between the narrator and the nanny to the local baron, that the film manages to sustain intrigue and enjoyment, such that the difficulty of the subject doesn't overwhelm the experience.  Like most of Haneke's films, The White Ribbon manages to provoke and intrigue while provoking questions without easy answers.  This film is perhaps closest in spirit and feel to some of Ingmar Bergman's early emotional dramas, exploring religion and faith in the context of interpersonal conflict, such as his [[ASIN:B0000A02TX Through a Glass Darkly Trilogy]].  The cinematography is masterful, in gorgeous black and white.  The alternation of delicacy and austerity in the imagery alone makes this a delight to watch.  Highly recommended for lovers of challenging and inventive cinema.ifficulty of the subject doesn't overwhelm the experience.  Like most of Haneke's films, The White Ribbon manages to provoke and intrigue while provoking questions without easy answers.  This film is perhaps closest in spirit and feel to some of Ingmar Bergman's early emotional dramas, exploring religion and faith in the context of interpersonal conflict, such as his [[ASIN:B0000A02TX Through a Glass Darkly Trilogy]].  The cinematography is masterful, in gorgeous black and white.  The alternation of delicacy and austerity in the imagery alone makes this a delight to watch.  Highly recommended for lovers of challenging and inventive cinema.
0786948523|3.0|Overall, this is a really great book filled with cool monsters. However, I have one minor issue with it, an one major issue.<br /><br />My minor beef is that the selection of monsters is both arbitrary and eclectic. This is understandable, given the need to have a variety of monsters for every role and level, but the level assignments for various monsters is entirely arbitrary. Why elves should be 2nd level while Dwarves are level 4 and 5 is anyone's guess. If your trying to fill a whole dungeon from this book, you can expect it to be monotonous or utterly random.<br /><br />The main complaint I have with the \\"Monster Manual\\" is that it does not play nicely with the Encounter Templates established by the \\"Dungeon Master's Guide\\". In my experience, most of the templates can't be filled without making illogical choices or modifying a monster to fill the demand.<br /><br />The point is that \\"Monster Manual\\" is a great monster book that I recommend to every prospective dungeon master, but unless you are willing to do a lot of homebrewing, don't expect it to be the only monster book you will need.
B000YABIQ6|5.0|MAD MEN IS ONE OF THE FINEST TV SHOWS EVER SHOWN AND IT IS EXCELLENT TO SEE IT ALL AT ONCE ON DVD
0061689246|4.0|i almost wish that this had been my first Gaiman experience instead of American Gods. i am in the small minority of people who actually didn't care for AG all that much and thought it was just so-so, but i really enjoyed the simplicity and lyrical mysticism of Stardust. i actually had a feeling i'd enjoy it just from the opening line:<br /><br />\\"There once was a young man who wished to gain his Heart's Desire.\\"<br /><br />the story is straight forward and simple.  in the small village of Wall, the great wall that separates the human world from the faerie world opens up once every nine years for market. Tristran Thorn, a young man from the village is in love with the beautiful, if not entirely vain Victoria Forester and promises to fetch her a falling star.  and thus begins his journey.  unknown to Tristan, there are also several other parties interested in that same falling star, and he will have to learn who he is in the process to ensure his success.<br /><br />the writing is what does it for me here.  Gaiman writes with the romantic, sweeping feeling of a matured children's fairy tale.  i mean, if this book could twinkle, i think it would.  the scenery and characters are made so tangible and believable, despite the setting being so unfamiliar, that it feels entirely plausible that we could all just go chase after that next falling star we see, in the name of love.  and along the way, we would get to meet kings and witches and little flying creatures that sing, and it would be lovely.<br /><br />Tristran Thorn<br />Does not know why he was born<br />Trews and coat and shirt are torn<br />So he sits here all forlorn<br />Soon to face his true love's scorn<br /><br />one other interesting thing to note is the manner in which the chapter titles are written, such as Chapter 2: In Which Tristran Thorn Grows to Manhood and Makes a Rash Promise.  i've read one other book that uses this same technique and i'm not sure where it originated (maybe here?), but it is an interesting use of foreshadowing to pull the story along.  it adds just enough pull of mystery to make this an excellent page turner.<br /><br />if you love magic and faeries, then this is a book that you absolutely should read.  the creatures and characters are wonderful and the writing is beautiful.  it did feel a tad bit formulaic in its telling at times, but i suppose that is the nature of fairy tales.  now that i've given Gaiman a second chance, i'm really glad i did.  i'll definitely be much more likely to pick up another of his books in the future after this.adds just enough pull of mystery to make this an excellent page turner.    if you love magic and faeries, then this is a book that you absolutely should read.  the creatures and characters are wonderful and the writing is beautiful.  it did feel a tad bit formulaic in its telling at times, but i suppose that is the nature of fairy tales.  now that i've given Gaiman a second chance, i'm really glad i did.  i'll definitely be much more likely to pick up another of his books in the future after this.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I missed this movie at the theater and got the blu ray to watch it on my home system (PS3, 60 inch SONY TV, Onkyo 7.1). It's an experience you will never forget. Please watch it on blu ray and it's worth it.
B001F7XIJW|5.0|i cant say enough good about this band, nothing flashy here, you wont hear any crazy shred solos or intricate passages and harmonies but you will hear amazing song writing and very powerful and memorable riffs which is something gojira is known for as far as im concerned. I became a fan a couple years ago when they were opening for trivium and lamb of god, they opened with \\"ocean planet\\" and i just remember feeling the bass in my chest and looking over at my cousin with a face like..are you hearing this??? Anyways the next day i bought \\"from mars to Sirius\\" and i was blown away, for me when i think metal i think gojira now, needless to say it set my expectations high for \\"the way of all flesh\\" and for the most part the record surpassed them, this album has the best production and guitar tone out of all their albums too imo of course.
0061134007|3.0|Thriller and Policier. This book is both.  For a thriller, I thought the style was too derivative of the American genre.    For a Policier, how can you not like a guy named Harry Hole.  Even though I've only given this book 3 stars, I'm willing to try another.  The references to birds was literary but not affected.  A redbreast is a risk taker.  This was a risk worht taking
B002RHGYOA|5.0|The Girl Who Played With Fire is the second part of Stieg Larsson's Millenium Trilogy and takes up the story around a year after the first book finishes. It swaps tack from the investigation of the missing Harriet Vanger into the murder of a journalist and his partner with Lisbeth Salander being implicated as the murderer.<br /><br />This book could be read and enjoyed without reading the first book but you would lose out on some of the background and insights into the characters personalities. The same cannot be said of the third as it is very much a straight carry on of this book.<br /><br />As with the first book, the transation into English isn't perfect but it doesn't detract too much from the suspense.<br /><br />Overall, a very engrossing read that should be essential for anybody who enjoys mysteries and crime thrillers.
B003ICWTR4|5.0|Since I heard that Jon Landau announced the forthcoming release of a live DVD of the working on a dream tour I was wondering which concert might be chosen. Bruce decided to release a concert from the European leg of the tour (once more after live at Hammersmith, live in Barcelona and live in Dublin). In fact, it was a great show in London at a fantastic festival location, a huge audience and with a solid, well diversified but (let's be honest) pretty average setlist (as in most venues during the European leg of the tour). As you can read out I am slightly disappointed about that choice. Because the last shows of the U.S. leg in late 2009 were that exceptionally outstanding one could hardly imagine that any other show would be chosen for release. Bear in mind, entire classic albums (including Born to run, Darkness on the edge of town, Born in the U.S.A., even The River!) have been played from start to finish at these shows, rare songs never heard live for more than 30 years were played (a dream came true for many long time fans). As a (European) die hard fan I, therefore, was hoping that either a Meadowlands gig (it would have been the first 'live in New Jersey' Concert DVD!) or a Philly Spectrum show would have seen the light of day.   Anyhow, it is always great to have something new to wait for and after all there is even more to come (announced Darkness box set, why not enriched with a complete darkness excerpt of a late 2009 show?).  So five stars as always for Bruce and a an incredibly outstanding E Street Band playing better than ever throughout the whole tour, but from the point of view of a die hard fan I'd give 'em a three.
B000AADYYO|5.0|if any album on amazon deserves 5 stars its this one,this album is as close to a masterpiece as you can get, its one of those albums i have no problem listening to in its entirety, its so deep and thoughtful..i love how akerfeldt can go from a low brutal death metal growl to a soft and soothing clean vocal in a heartbeat. Not much else i can say that somebody else hasnt...just give this artist and this ablum in particular your time!
B001M5UDGS|4.0|I love Dr. Horrible as much as the next person so I won't bore people with that.    However, I have noticed that this DVD has it's left and right audio channels swapped backwards.  Most noticeable during last part of \\"A Man's Gotta Do\\" song at end of Act I.  Penny can be heard clearly coming from left audio channel while standing on right side of screen and Dr. Horrible is heard from right audio channel while standing on left side of screen.  Kinda bothersome to have a flaw like this that I can't ignore whenever I watch it now.  (And no, it's isn't a DVD player, TV, or receiver issue. disc is indeed flawed itself)
B003405MF6|5.0|Jeff Beck's first new release in seven years is finally here with Emotion & Commotion.  It's well worth the wait.   The Rock n' Roll Hall of Famer's newest disc with orchestral arrangements is simply amazing.  His rendition of Over the Rainbow is stellar. It gave me the chills.  The cd is an adventure of jazz, rock, new age and blues with guest vocals by Joss Stone, Imelda May and Olivia Safe.  I was a little disappointed his outstanding touring band of Vinnie Colaiuta, Jason Rebello and Tal Wilkenfeld unfortunately only play on just a few of the ten terrific tracks.  This disc will be in my cd player for quite some time.  What are you waiting for? Go get it!
B00000DOZB|5.0|Probably the best album without Rick Wakeman. Very strong in performance level of the band's history. I especially like Gates of Delerium
0440241901|5.0|I laughed out load many times.  I couldn't put it down.  I haven't read a good book like this in a long time.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|If you like period dramas, this miniseries is a MUST HAVE.  Fantastic characters who are portrayed by top-notch actors.  With Richard Armitage as John Thornton and Daniela Denby-Ashe as Margaret Hale, you have wonderful chemistry and a very believable love story.  The setting is 1850's, northern England cotton manufacturing with all the hardship and strife of that period (think Charles Dickens).  The supporting characters/players are equally superb.  Sinead Cusack as Hannah Thornton (John's mother), Jo Joyner as Fanny Thornton (John's sister), and Brendan Coyle as Nicholas Higgins (union leader), to name a few.  I thoroughly enjoyed the character of Fanny who adds great humor to a somewhat dark story.    Equally magnificent is the score by composer Martin Phipps, who also wrote the score for the 2008 version of Sense and Sensibility.  The music is both beautiful and haunting with its cello, violin, bass and piano usage.  The score at the end of the film in the train station is the loveliest piece I've ever heard (and that's saying a lot for I adored his work in S&S 2008!).  Sadly, neither film's score has been released by the composer.    You will NOT be disappointed in this miniseries as it gets even better each time you watch it!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|A good wake-up call for all of us.  Seen also on PBS last eve. where I volunteer for the past twelve years !!!    Thank you,   Marcia
B00000DOXS|4.0|Not the STRONGEST of Yes albums. I don't recomend it as your first or if you aren't a major Yes fan.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I didn't see this in the theater, but I did buy this Blu-Ray/DVD combo and all I can say is what did people see in Hurt Locker over this? This movie truely has it all. Gorgeous visuals, action, emotion, and so much more. If only there were people that truely lived in the kind of harmony that the blue people(sorry I can't remember what they were called) and it figures that the humans would try to take over their land. It's so representative of how the U.S is. Anyways, personal views aside, I really enjoyed this movie. Now that I have seen it on DVD, going to see it in theaters this summer should be a real treat. I definately think seeing the movie this way first and seeing it in 3D later will make the experince that much greater. I can definately understand those who saw this in 3D first, having trouble watching the movie any other way. That's a problem I see with movies shown in 3D before the technology has become mainstream like Blu-Rays and HDTV have. Even they are still catching on. Plain and simple though, if you haven't seen this movie yet, I highly recommend it, preferrably in full high def.
B00005JMFQ|1.0|This movie starts out kind of pleasant, but soon becomes a drama with sad endings for some, and I would never call this a comedy. Every relationship has problems, and you walk away from viewing this with a great dissapointed feeling about Emman Thompson's relationship. The Ultimate romantic comedy as stated, should say, \\"the Ultimate sad stories of relationships\\".
B00000DOYS|5.0|A strong, musically. album it just isn't quite the Yes sound we are used to. I like it, even if it has members of the Buggles (which i never really cared for) with Steve Chris and allen from Yes it is a very good CD in my collection
B002XMGGK6|5.0|Now let me start this off by just saying that this was one incredible movie where I never seen the ending coming in the way that it did...    Jamie Foxx has really turned out to be something really special in an actor. He's really showing us his acting chops. He seems to keep getting more impressive in my book.    Gerald Butler also shows us his acting chops by brilliantly playing the role of a father who is not satisfied with the way the Judicial System has handled the case of the brutal murder of his family....    Bottom line, this was just a phenomenal movie with a lot of twists and turns. I never saw the ending coming in the way that it did come. Very impressive.    5 Stars all day.... Highly Recommendable...
B003E48AYC|5.0|This movie was excellent. I saw it in theaters the second week it came out. It surprised me, I did not knmow that the movie was going to be this good. Tim Burton made a movie that remade the way wonderland looked. The scenery was strange and the characters were well acted and well scripted. The Mad Hatter bacame more of a main character in this film and Alice's character is developed throughout the movie. Johnny Depp did a wonderful job of making the Mad Hatter a strange, somewhat crazy character. This film was a wonderful story with mystery and eeriness that makes wonderland a seperate world from our own, but still with small similarities. I loved this movie, and thought that the acting was great, the scenery was wonderful, and the characters were all well developed and enjoyable. This movie was a wonderful film for all age groups. The fact that it is coming out on blu-ray with the dvd and digital copy just makes the release even better. This movie is definitely worth buying. If you were looking for an all-around good movie, this is by far the film that you have been looking for.
B0019FOC5E|4.0|I bought this CD after watching the movie on cable (several times) and saving the 'music' videos on youtube to watch over and over again. My ONLY complaint is that they didnt add the song \\"Waterloo\\" to the cd but instead added a song that wasnt even in the movie (\\"name of the game\\")
B000ICM0YY|5.0|I think enough has been said about this set. I would just point out the AMAZING SOUND QUALITY and Gilels very convincing interpretations. The energy and control he has while performing Beethoven is out of this world. I would say buy it at any price because you will rediscover Beethoven's music through Gilels' music making. I would also highly recommed his complete Beethoven Piano Concertos recorded with George Szell and the Cleveland Orchestra for EMI
B002VECM6S|1.0|The real story may have been good, but this movie was written and aimed straight at modern Christians. The focus is not (as I had hoped) on Michael Oher overcoming his tragic and traumatic upbringing with the help of a kind and loving family.    No. The focus was on how the mother, Leigh Anne Tuohy (played by Sandra Bullock) was a kind and heroic woman determined to do the right thing, even when everyone else (her Husband, her friends, the coach, Michael's friends) were busy being stupid jerks.    We're supposed to overlook the fact that the woman dominates the whole town and that everyone else either meekly complies or gets run over in her crusade to always be right about everything. We're supposed to approve of this woman threatening to shoot anyone who threatens her son.    Maybe we're supposed to be ignorant of what Jesus taught in Matthew 5:5 \\"'Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.'\\" or Matthew 26:52, \\"'Put your sword back in its place,' Jesus said to him, 'for all who draw the sword will die by the sword.'\\".    I have nothing against women in the role of leadership. But this movie takes the leadership role far beyond anything that Christians should approve of. This movie has Bullock's Leigh Anne Tuohy acting like a dictator who steamrolls over everyone who disagrees with her. And for some reason, we're all supposed to be touched by this \\"heartwarming\\" story, instead of disgusted by such an unGodly mangling of what should have been a story focused on overcoming incredible adversity with the help of Christian kindness.
0790740443|5.0|This movie is one I watch over an over.  Not sure exactly what it is that brings me back again and again, the characters are interesting and well rounded. The plot ok, the acting is excellent.
B0035WTE2U|5.0|As others have already stated, this is not an AC/DC Greatest Hits package.  It is a wonderful compilation of big hits and lesser known rockers from the Thunder from Down Under utilized in the upcoming Iron Man 2 film.<br /><br />If you enjoy hard rock, you cannot go wrong with this album.  Classic radio tunes like \\"Shoot To Thrill,\\" \\"Have A Drink On Me,\\" and \\"T.N.T.\\" are here, as well as the legendary \\"Back In Black.\\"  Also included are lesser known rockers (especially to casual fans) like \\"Guns For Hire\\" and \\"Hell Ain't A Bad Place To Be.\\"<br /><br />Of course, the mandatory track from AC/DC featured here is \\"War Machine\\" from \\"Black Ice.\\"  With that title, you had to have that tune on this album!<br /><br />The album blends both the Bon Scott and Brian Johnson fronted versions of the band perfectly, allowing both to shine without favoring one over the other.  It gives casual fans a listen to both frontmen at their best.<br /><br />If you're a fan of AC/DC and already own all of these tunes, get this soundtrack for the simple reason that it's an excellent compilation that you'll play over and over while on the road or just hanging out.  If you need music to workout to, here's your soundtrack.  If you're a fan of Iron Man, you'll be sure to agree that NO band fits Tony Stark better than AC/DC!<br /><br />Highly recommended.
014119247X|5.0|If you collect books, this is a wonderful addition to almost any collection.  The story itself is of course timeless and great, but it's really the fact that it has been \\"wrapped\\" so beautifully at a reasonable price which makes this book a solid selection.  Can't wait for penguin to release more in this series.
B000286S8S|3.0|\\"Hot For Teacher,\\" \\"Right Now,\\" \\"Panama,\\" and \\"Dance The Night Away\\" are just a few of the thirty-plus tunes on Van Halen's quasi-greatest hits package, \\"The Best Of Both Worlds.\\"<br /><br />Every song on this two-disc set (excepting the three new tunes and the live tracks) are some of the best rockers (and a couple of ballads) that you'll ever hear.  The problem with this compilation is the sequencing that so many have already mentioned and the inclusion of Hagar-fronted live versions of classic David Lee Roth tunes.  For hardcore fans of David Lee, this is a sacrilegious act.<br /><br />Still, if you can look beyond these missteps, you'll be guaranteed a very good collection of Van Halen/Hagar tracks.<br /><br />Whether you're a fan of Van Halen or Van Hagar, both are represented very well as far as music is concerned, but the liner notes leave David Lee Roth deep in the background as far as photos are concerned.  Also missing is Gary Cherone, but I doubt many fans really miss his time in the group.<br /><br />If you're a casual fan, this is the album to get.  Loyal fans of the band or of Roth or Hagar might want to skip this collection and stick with their old albums.  The new songs are passable at best, so you won't be missing anything.<br /><br />Recommended primarily to the casual listener, especially those who are only familiar with Van Halen's radio releases.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I have viewed more than 300 blu-ray movies on my Sony W series TV.  Avatar Blu-ray is so far one of the best in blu-ray quality.  Really beautiful pictures.  Despite the story line which is not bad.  The picture alone is worth 5 stars.  Don't have a 3 D TV yet. I can imagine how good it is going to be in 3-D blu-ray.  The Theater version has no comparison with the Blu-ray.
B002LBKDYE|5.0|Amazing and vital, this film shows us where our food really comes from. And I warn you, the truth is less than appetizing. The information is presented in a straight-forward way, but still with emotion. The documentary moves at a quick pace and is very well-edited and well-researched. It also has a great musical score. I appreciated that the film had an inspiring outlook at the end with concrete actions we could take to improve our food production system.     If you eat food, you have to watch Food Inc!
1400063515|4.0|There are many good things about this book. Firstly, it is a very enjoyable read. The examples and stories may hurt the organization of the ideas somewhat but they make the book hard to put down. Secondly, Taleb makes some very reasonable criticisms of the use of the normal curve for variables that are clearly not normally distributed such as book sales or market prices. He exaggerates the problems with statistics quite a bit, however. I hope that non-scientific readers do not take these to heart and cease trusting anyone who uses traditional data analysis methods- in most scientific endeavors these are appropriate and superior to alternatives. Later in the book he does admit that there are legitimate uses of this approach- he gives the example of empirical psychology specifically(it was refreshing to hear his praise of this science).     His idea about using a fractal distribution for data with 'fat tails' is an interesting alternative, though I'm not sure how reliable such a technique really is. This may be part of the point- the normal curve and traditional statistics simply don't work in these cases, but we don't really know how these variables are distributed, so using a fractal tail is an alternative but imperfect tool. The major problem that I see with this tool is that you have to estimate what the power exponent of the tail will be- and making a mistake will have huge consequences for the model. Taleb himself admits that you could give ten different analysts the same data and they could all come up with a different value for the power exponent! This seems like a major Achilles Heel to using a fractal approach to these situations. I wish instead Taleb had simply emphasized that these variables don't behave in a way that lends themselves to exact modeling, especially because of the higher possibility of 'Black Swans' or what could simply be called very extreme cases.    My gripes with the book mostly come down to Taleb's arrogance and exaggerations. Taleb canbe pretty full of himself, which gets old fast. As I mentioned above, I wish he hadn't exaggerated the problems with statistics- in the first part of the book he acts like nothing interesting calls for the use of statistics and calls the normal distribution an intellectual fraud. The normal distribution is not a fraud- it is an excellent description of many phenomena, despite the fact that there are situations to which it should not be applied. Taleb is also extremely critical of certain disciplines and professions, especially economics. He does make legitimate criticisms of economic ideas and models, but he does so in an insulting and tactless manner.    Despite Taleb's arrogance and exaggerations, this book has many interesting ideas and several great discussions of the philosophy of knowledge and science that make it worth reading. Just make sure to exercise a healthy dose of skepticism when you do so (as Taleb himself advocates).
B00006CXSS|5.0|At the end of the last episode of Band of Brothers, `Points', Major Richard Winters recalls a conversation one of his soldiers, Mike Ranney, had with his grandson: `Grandpa, were you a hero in the war?' Grandpa said `no - but I served in the company of heroes'. While this is an admirable sentiment on the part of Mike Ranney and Major Winters, I doubt that anyone who has watched the mini-series Band of Brothers, or read the book of the same name by renowned World War II historian, Stephen Ambrose, would agree with them on this one.<br /><br />On the contrary, I think one would be hard-pressed to find a single person who has watched the mini-series or read the book that would not revere Richard Winters and the other men of Easy Company, the group of soldiers that Band of Brothers is about, as incredibly courageous and indisputable heroes, who helped liberate Western Europe from the grip of the Nazis, one of the most evil and tyrannical regimes the world has ever known.<br /><br />The 10 episodes of Band of Brothers depict the true story of the tour of duty of Easy Company, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, U.S. Army during World War II, including their airborne landing in Normandy on D-Day, their liberation of Eindhoven in the Netherlands in October 1944, their discovery of a concentration camp near Landsberg in Western Germany in April 1945, the grim weeks they endured the frozen, icy Hell of the Ardennes Forest near Bastogne in Belgium during the Battle of the Bulge and their capture of Hitler's Eagle's Nest at Berchtesgaden, the symbolic home of the 3rd Reich.<br /><br />The executive producers of the mini-series were Tom Hanks and Steven Spielberg, and the mini-series is in a similar vein to Saving Private Ryan, in its graphic and uncompromising portrayal of the horror and cruelty of battle, as well as the extraordinary bravery and comradeship.<br /><br />In 2002, the mini-series was nominated for numerous awards, and won some of these:<br /><br />- Golden Globe Award for Best Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television (Won)<br />- Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Mini-Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television - Damian Lewis (Nominated)<br />- Golden Globe Award for Best Performance by an Actor in a Supporting Role in a Series, Mini-Series or Motion Picture Made for Television - Ron Livingston (Nominated)<br />- Emmy Award for Outstanding Mini-Series (Won)<br />- Emmy Award for Outstanding Casting for a Mini-Series, Movie or a Special (Won)<br />- Emmy Award for Outstanding Directing for a Mini-Series, Movie or a Dramatic Special (Won)<br /><br />The above accolades are richly deserved; the casting and acting are excellent, particularly Damian Lewis' portrayal of Major Richard Winters; there is not a moment in the whole mini-series that it doesn't feel like he IS Major Winters. The performances of many of the other actors, such as Ron Livingston, Shane Taylor, Eion Bailey and Donnie Wahlberg, to name a few, are also excellent, as is the music by Michael Kamen, which adds a great deal to the emotional impact of the mini-series.<br /><br />While the whole mini-series is riveting, the two episodes I found the most powerful were the final two, `Why We Fight' and `Points', particularly the re-enactment of the liberation of a concentration camp in Western Germany by Easy Company in `Why We Fight'. In fact, I would say without a doubt that this is one of the most powerful scenes I have ever seen on film.<br /><br />It is truly chilling when Major Winters asks one of the camp inmates through Joseph Liebgott, one of his soldiers who could speak German, `Joe, will you ask him what kind of camp this is, um, what uh, why are they here?' looking genuinely perplexed, and also asks whether they are criminals. Joe Liebgott replies `I don't think criminals, Sir' and then translates the inmate's response: `No. Actors, musicians, tailors, clerks, farmers, intellectuals, normalpeople - Jews. Poles. Poles and gypsies'. The look on Damian Lewis' face in this scene... He should have won the Golden Globe award he was nominated for on this scene alone. After all the terrible things the soldiers had seen in combat, to be so shocked and affected by what they witnessed at this camp decisively brings home how dreadful it must have been.<br /><br />Another of the scenes I found the most moving was the German general addressing his men near the end of the last episode, `Points': `Men, it's been a long war, it's been a tough war. You fought bravely, proudly for your country. You are a special group. We found in one another a bond that exists only in combat. My brothers, we've shared foxholes, we've known each other in dire moments. We've seen death and suffered together. And I'm proud to have served with each and every one of you. You deserve long and happy lives and peace.'<br /><br />It is evident that the American soldiers listening to this speech, translated by Joe Liebgott, realise that the words could have just as easily been spoken by one of their own generals, and that perhaps they are not so different to the German soldiers after all.<br /><br />At the end of `Points', Easy Company are informed of the unconditional surrender of the Japanese - the worst war in the history of mankind was finally over. The comments made by the surviving veterans at the end of this last episode are particularly poignant:<br /><br />- Edward `Babe' Heffron: `The real men, the real heroes, are the fellows that are still buried over there, and those that came home to be buried'.<br />- Donald Malarkey: `Just brave, so brave it was unbelievable'.<br />- Carwood Lipton: `Henry the fifth was talking to his men, and he said `From this day on until the ending of the world, we will be remembered. For he who today sheds his blood with me, shall be my brother. We in it shall be remembered; we lucky few; we band of brothers'.<br />- And Major Richard Winters: `There is not a day that goes by that I do not think of the men I served with who never got to enjoy the world without war.'<br /><br />`You and your allied brethren will always be remembered, not as conquerors but as soldiers of freedom, and as the architects of peace.' - American General speaking at the Normandy premiere of Band of Brothers.is scene... He should have won the Golden Globe award he was nominated for on this scene alone. After all the terrible things the soldiers had seen in combat, to be so shocked and affected by what they witnessed at this camp decisively brings home how dreadful it must have been.     Another of the scenes I found the most moving was the German general addressing his men near the end of the last episode, `Points': `Men, it's been a long war, it's been a tough war. You fought bravely, proudly for your country. You are a special group. We found in one another a bond that exists only in combat. My brothers, we've shared foxholes, we've known each other in dire moments. We've seen death and suffered together. And I'm proud to have served with each and every one of you. You deserve long and happy lives and peace.'     It is evident that the American soldiers listening to this speech, translated by Joe Liebgott, realise that the words could have just as easily been spoken by one of their own generals, and that perhaps they are not so different to the German soldiers after all.    At the end of `Points', Easy Company are informed of the unconditional surrender of the Japanese - the worst war in the history of mankind was finally over. The comments made by the surviving veterans at the end of this last episode are particularly poignant:    - Edward `Babe' Heffron: `The real men, the real heroes, are the fellows that are still buried over there, and those that came home to be buried'.   - Donald Malarkey: `Just brave, so brave it was unbelievable'.   - Carwood Lipton: `Henry the fifth was talking to his men, and he said `From this day on until the ending of the world, we will be remembered. For he who today sheds his blood with me, shall be my brother. We in it shall be remembered; we lucky few; we band of brothers'.  - And Major Richard Winters: `There is not a day that goes by that I do not think of the men I served with who never got to enjoy the world without war.'    `Youand your allied brethren will always be remembered, not as conquerors but as soldiers of freedom, and as the architects of peace.' - American General speaking at the Normandy premiere of Band of Brothers.
B000002U82|5.0|THE BEST ROCK ALBUM OF ALL TIMES..........AND THE ONE ALBUM YOU SHOULD START YOUR MUSIC COLLECTION WITH..............FLOYD IS THE BEST
B002UZCJ8Y|2.0|All I will say is \\"Surrogates\\" had Bruce Willis in a part as a FBI agent where he did not shine. Bruce was good but the character he played lacked something. Read others in depth reports but keep in mind, this movie dragged on and on with too many big scenes to close together. This was akin to iRobot in many ways and I wonder how they are going to distroy the Billions of dead Clones when the REAL HUMANS have not worked for many years.
B001AQR39O|5.0|This dvd set came in a short amount of time, and it was exactly as described. It was decently priced and I'm happy with the product.
B002ZTIIXK|5.0|I am very pleased with the CD set I ordered ~ it arrived very quickly, and the recordings are as good as I had hoped.  She has a great voice!!
B000VDDDY6|5.0|As someone who watched the original series of Star Trek as a teenager when it first came out, I greatly appreciate having the opportunity to re-experience these episodes in a sharp, convenient, updated format.  The first season in many ways is the best.  For one thing, the main characters are still under development, and we witness this process in many of the early episodes.  For another, the recurrent themes of the Star Trek series (renegade alien intelligences, the pitfalls of super-human powers, the push for peaceful resolution of conflicts, the necessity of human freedom) each appear for the first time--  not yet become predictable by repetition.  Heartily recommended to all, truly great television from the classic era of the 1960s.
B0028O34SG|5.0|Nearly all operas have very silly stories but like movies, they can get away with it if acting etc is first class. Well, IMHO The Royal Opera House production of Mozart's \\"Marriage of Figaro\\" on Blu Ray has it all:<br /><br />* excellent traditional & appropriate costuming and sets<br /><br />* a strong cast of singers with not a weak one among them<br /><br />* first class acting as well as singing<br /><br />* well lit and photographed -> BD quality up to the highest standards<br /><br />* beautiful orchestral playing<br /><br />* audio up to the best standards available<br /><br />OK, I'm entranced. To me the opera could not be better performed or recorded. It knocks the other \\"modernised\\" quirky DGG version out of the ring. When you experience the opera performed so well with traditional costuming and sets one is at a loss to understand the mentality of producers and directors who want to meddle with what is already a successful formula.<br /><br />Yes the whole plot is a farce, but it is great music and done with so much aplomb and comedy, it is utterly engrossing. If you like Mozart and his opera, this is a MUST for your collection.<br /><br />John
B002ZCDR88|2.0|I LOVE Natalie and was so excited about this album.  When I listened to it, I felt like I was a Scottish Sailor en route across the Bering Sea.  All the songs have this sort of Celtic or Bagpipe sound to it.  I really do not care for it and do not understand why she chose to have that style of music throughout.      The concept of the album is amazing.  She created songs from old poems, and the CD insert is great.  I just wish the songs sounded more like her old stuff.  Out of the two discs, I only like FOUR songs!  Griselda, Bleezer's Ice Cream, It Makes a Change, and Spring and Fall are the only songs I can even tolerate unfortunately. Maybe next time around?
B0010ZR160|4.0|\\"Gone Baby Gone\\" keeps your attention with its gripping tale.  There are many twists and turns, and,  although this is a fine directing debut of actor Ben Affleck, there is just one scene where Affleck's brother, Casey, emotes about the kidnapped child belongs to a irresponsible drug addicted mother.  It may have been just my prejudice but it bothered me that a child's welfare and dependable care was not put first.  But that is the script and the story, life is imperfect and complicated.<br /><br />At any rate the cast was strong, including Morgan Freeman, Ed Harris, Casey Affleck, Amy Ryan.  The story was solid and overall the movie was excellent though complicated.  Gone Baby Gone is set in South Boston, full of \\"tough, rough, street-wise\\" working class people.  The commentary on the environment they grew up in and lived in set the stage for complicated cop/criminal politics and justice.  Their \\"framing\\" of what the world offers is examined under the stress of the kidnapping of a four year old girl.  Amy Ryan plays the mother of the abducted girl and her performance as a bad-mouthed, drug-using young mother is amazing.  She conveys her vulnerability and love for the child with deep emotion, and she proclaims she will change if they can just find her baby.  You end up thinking to yourself, \\"Yes, but this resolve will last a day.\\"  She is pathetic, and sadly incompetent.<br /><br />Ed Harris is terrific as a conflicted cop, Casey Affleck plays a private detective and is in the lead role; all the actors are absolutely great.<br /><br />Overall the movie is well done, compelling and complicated, it gives you a sense of Boston's community life,  and the hard life they live.
0307463745|5.0|If you spend any amount of time reading publications like Inc. Magazine, Fast Company or the like, it truly is easy to become convinced that following models older than your dad will work for your new company.  As a co-founder and application developer at Prosperent, I can tell you it does not.  We've been following the model of \\"do it your way\\" for years now.  The boys from 37signals have confirmed once again for me that doing things differently and against the grain not only works, but is more profitable, relevant and creates a sustainable environment for your business.  I feel confident that if I died today, my business would thrive on these types of concepts and we would continue to generate the kind of revenue that keeps everyone employed at Prosperent happy and comfortable.
0756655307|4.0|The new entries are good,artwork is good.It would have gotten 5 of  five...but,heres the problem...theres no new or different art on all old enties from previous edition,which is 80% of the book, which i own
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|With my copy of the book, \\"Jane Eyre\\" open, an 1857 copy of E.C. Gaskell's biography of Bronte at hand, and copies of the Dalton and the Stephenson video versions of the story for reference--this latest telling (Stephens) brings to life a story of universal human struggle and its most cherished joys.    Some people question the film's literal, historical details--but perhaps the detail they remember --is more a creation of their imagination, rather than a misstatement in the film. History is as much a task of the bard, as the scientist.     Characters are believable. Toby Stephens and Ruth Wilson are perfect in their roles. Their chemistry is complete--start to end. If the producer was looking to capture the coat-tails of Colin Firth with Mr. Stephens--should be a camera finish race. Mr. Stephens' seemingly innate humor brings light to the screen with his smile.     Little Adele is perfectly presented as a charming catalyst to the story; Jane and Rochester are brought together through her. Adele is one of the \\"instruments\\" Rochester is always searching for, and a Providential blessing mentioned by Grace Poole. Adele is a reward to Rochester for his kindness, and evidence of his strong sense of duty. Dutiful also to Bertha, Mrs. Fairfax, and even the dangled, beautiful Miss Ingram. Dutiful to Jane...Mr. Stephens portrays this trait in a way we can understand and appreciate it, though contemporary Western society doesn't often value it.    People of any age can learn, or remember, how balance and mutual respect nurture love and happiness in this telling of a complex, up-lifting, enduring human story.    Mr. Stephens was exactly the age of Rochester in the story, 38, when this was filmed. And as for the disappointment someone else felt because of a \\"Hollywood\\" happy ending-- from the book,    \\"...I have now been married ten years. I know what it is to live entirely for and with what I love best on earth. I hold myself supremely blest--blest beyond what language can express; because I am my husband's life as fully as he is mine. No woman was ever nearer to her mate than I am: ever more absolutely bone of his bone, and flesh of his flesh. I know no weariness of my Edward's society: he knows none of mine, any more than we each do of the pulsation of the heart that beats in our separate bosoms; consequently, we are ever together...\\" Jane Eyre, Random House, 1943 p.341]    [Note: In the Dalton version where Rochester explains his entire story to Jane follows the book and is interesting to watch acted. Mr. Dalton IS Rochester with his dark, good looks and rolling accent. But the same scene in the Stephens version is an interesting interpretation. Losing the violence made it more. Much, more.]
B001FB4W0C|5.0|Supernatural is such a great show!  I watched this season in less than a week because it is so entertaining.  It is a nice mix of suspense, horror, and comedy.  Plus the actors are all very believable in their roles.
B00008GKEG|5.0|Ya tenia el libro, pero estos dvd colmaron todas mis expectativas,llevandome a una &eacute;poca que no vivi intimamente pero que a traves de estos documentos y su musica llevo en lo mas intimo de mi corazon. Los Beatles no solo marcaron una &eacute;poca sino que seguiran perdurando a traves de los tiempos y conocer su historia de propia boca se hace invalorable.Altamente recomendable.
0553593544|4.0|I don't remember whether I saw the movie first, or read the book. In either case, I have just re-read the book and I found it quite exciting in places and a little slow in others. The problem is that the reader gets used to the fast pace of the plot, and then at times when the plot slows down a little, it feels to the reader like time has stopped. This happened during Bourne's flashbacks to his service in Vietnam, as well as the small part of the plot that involved Treadstone agents discussing their strategy for capturing Bourne. The \\"love\\" angle incorporated into the plot--in which Bourne and Marie become dependent on each other--was a little less than satisfying. The reader knew the couple would fall in love and ultimately be together in the end, so the characters' thoughts and discussions about whether Bourne should forever leave Marie in an effort to ensure her safety got a little old. Enough already! Stop fussing about it Jason, and take her under your wing. There were a couple very mild love scenes and I think these should have been described with a little more enthusiasm. Note to the author: don't bother writing a romance novel!<br /><br />I definitely liked Bourne's visit to the Swiss bank and his escape from the hotel conference center. Quick action with guns, fist-fights, knives, car chases, and uncertain identities. Very good.
B000PATZQK|5.0|Odessey and Oracle is purely great music. It's been a long time since I've listened to any of the Zombies (except the hits) for a very long time. This music stands up brilliantly and I really love it. I bought the original as well as the 40th Anniversary album. No question, the Zombies are Groovy!!!!
1601251505|5.0|I started out playing DND 4th edition before going to pathfinder. 4th ed was unsatisfactory in every way compared to Pathfinder. More expensive, slower paced combat and more cookie cutter of a game. 3.5 is not only more fun and easier to play, but also has more customization and goes greatly more in depth. If your thinking about getting this book stop thinking and just do it! Well worth the bucks and will keep you up into the wee hours of the night battling dragons and adventuring though dungeons.
B001676320|5.0|I dont have this video but I did see them LIVE last year at The Woodlands Pavilion and it was AWESOME-EW&F are crazy good and full of excitement-Chicagos sound is still great but they need a singer who can still pull it off-the vocals were VERY disappointing-Peter Cetera where are you?!?!?!!?
0307454541|4.0|This is a very interesting book. While it starts out a bit slowly, it moves quickly and becomes very interesting. It would be a pleasant change and great summer reading, not to mention a good break from the real news of the day and the freaks from fox news.
0307454541|4.0|...so depending on what you're looking for, that could be a good thing because it speaks to its vivid imagery.  It's like a modern day Nancy Drew/Wall Street Journal/Law & Order SVU - all wrapped into one!  Good story, but a bit too graphic for my taste.
B002N8A14M|2.0|I purchased an ipod nano 3 or 4 years ago. I don't know if it's 1st, 2nd, 3rd or 78th generation. This product looked like it would fit my ipod-----but it doesn't. Not enough simplified info in product desciption for someone like me who has better things to do than keep up with every new \\"REBIRTH\\" of products that I have purchased. The picture looks like it fits my ipod, but it doesn't!
076790382X|4.0|3.5 stars (round to 4)    I didn't like this book quite as much as A Walk In The Woods or some of Bryson's other books, because it isn't about travel or adventure.  So it isn't as exciting.  It is about more mundane, everyday things.    Still, it is a pretty good book, and Byron's wit and sense of humor make it fun to read.  It is a collection of weekly columns that he wrote for a newspaper.  The basic theme is what it is like to return to live in America, for a native-born American who has been living in Britain for over 20 years.  Thus, Bryson is able to view the culture from both the British and American perspectives.  This does lead to some interesting essays.    Most of the essays have nothing to do with either British or American points of view, or comparisons of the two cultures.  These include essays about such things as:  the demise of the diner, Bryson's ineptitude with home maintenance and contractors, the sinking of the Titanic, Rules For Living, a family trip to the beach, etc.  They are amusing, and do give an overall picture of the American lifestyle, especially as it is lived in small-town New Hampshire.    There is a humorous illustration at the beginning of each essay, which is often a collage and always relates to the theme of the essay.  They are a nice touch.    So although I wouldn't consider this Bryson's best work, it does make for a lighthearted and pleasant read.    Having recently read Guns, Germs, and Steel by Jared Diamond, I was particularly interested in an essay about unusual foods which includes a discussion of Edward O. Wilson's book, The Diversity of Life.  Wilson takes the opposite position on why we eat the particular foods that we do, than does Diamond.  (Wilson believes that we eat only a very few of the wide range of available edibles simply out of habit, because they happened to be the things that our neolithic ancestors cultivated.  Diamond suggests that certain plants and animals are far more suitable to agriculture and domestication than others, and their availability at any given place determined how successful the culture was that lived there.)    (288 pages)
B00260HH3K|1.0|My childhood memories have been trampled on by this movie of utter garbage. I don't see Dragon Ball in this movie, perhaps it was mistitled. Nothing in this movie resembles the anime cartoon.
B0037AGASG|5.0|I bought this cd for my granddaughter's 11th birthday. She LOVED it, of course! But, she loves everything Justin Bieber! It turned out to be a great gift.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|I had been expecting a really great movie, from all the media hype. When I finally got a copy, I was very disappointed. It is not that great a movie. It is only okay and is only worth about $15 at best on DVD. It lacks imagination and is boring. Some places I almost fast forwarded my way through. It is at best a children's movie ala Lion King. It should have been marketed as such. The plot line is almost non-existent and the characters are flat stereotypes. I was particularly offended by the blatant characterization of the blue aliens as seemingly simple minded but actually very wise and pure in heart American Indians riding their blue space ponies. That was too hokey. As was the Gregorian chant, the choice of Sigourney Weaver (Alien) as one of the good scientists, and wasn't the bad corporate guy also seen in Alien? Even the beautiful animation wasn't all that imaginative. And the bad soldier leader was straight out of Toy Story. And maybe they are blue because they are supposed to remind us of smurfs. Also, their cat faces and cat characteristics, such as growling and hissing, are not very imaginative.  It did not win an Oscar because it did not deserve one. I wish people had been honest in their assessment of it as it would have saved me a trip to the store. As it is, I am going to return the copy I had bought as a gift and wish I had not opened the copy I bought for myself as I would like to return that copy, too.   My advice is to wait until it is available for free from the public library or to buy it as a children's movie.
B001L5U36O|5.0|What's not to like about the March girls? I read this when I was too young to appreciate it and have read it over and over again all my life. The heart of America. Buy it. Keep it. Treasure it.
B002G1X34G|5.0|The new Leaves' Eyes CD does not disappoint.  I think from track 7 onwards it is as good as Vinland Saga, the other CD of this band that I have.  Vinland Saga is a bit more subtle and has more hypnotic and enchanting music.  But Leaves' Eyes never do any song that is not classy and smooth, and \\"Njord\\" is a good combination of soaring vocals, symphonic heaviness, and smooth metal.  If you like sophisticated female fronted symphonic metal, get both of these CD's, along with Elis' \\"Dark Clouds in a Perfect Sky,\\" which has a similar sound.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Jake Sully, a war veteran who gets called to the depths of space to pick up the job of his slain twin brother for the scientific arm of a megacorporation looking to mine the planet of Pandora for a valued ore. Unfortunately the biggest deposit of the prized substance lies underneath the home of the Na'vi, a ten-foot-tall, blue-skinned native tribe who have been at war with the security arm of the company, lead by Col. Miles Quaritch. Because of the planet's hostile atmosphere, humans have genetically grown half-alien/half-human bodies which they can jack their consciousnesses into and explore the world in.<br /><br />This movie was an epic. A must see, especially in IMAX. Great story and orchestrated like a masterpiece. Mouth dropping cinematics and great acting. The creativity put into this world is fabulous and you really do feel like you're there when you put on those dorky 3D glasses. It's got everything you need in a movie: fantasy, science, adventure, war and battle, a dash of comedy and some unexpected romance all in such a beautiful atmosphere. One to add to a collection.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Great movie but both formats; BluRay and DVD doesn't have any special features.  No deleted scenes, no segments on who the real actors were and their avatar characters.  Wished there was special features to selected in the menu.  Other than that, we loved the movie!
B000MRAAJM|1.0|**TO GET FULL REFUND INCLUDING SHIPPING, YOU MUST INDICATED \\"ITEM DESCRIPTION DIFFERENT FROM ITEM RECEIVED\\".** Just make sure you don't open it.<br /><br />I thought the BBC version was 5 disc/1080p!  Amazon has allowed someone's uploaded pictures of the box here showing \\"5 discs\\" and 1080p on the box. THAT'S MISLEADING.<br /><br />Like many, I didn't know there were two BBC versions, a US (4 disc set) and UK (5 disc set), both having the same British narrator.<br /><br />Both BBC versions are 1080p on 4 discs.  The 5th disc on the UK version is 1080i. It has 1 hour, 38 minutes taken from the BBC Natural Earth series (same narrator). It contains \\"Desert Lions\\" and \\"Snow Leopards\\".<br /><br />If you want the 5 disc version, get it from the Amazon.UK site or on Ebay. If you want the Sigourney Weaver narrated version, it's available only from Discovery and some Ebay sellers.  It's 4 discs said to be 1080i.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Of course you have to love Avatar.  Would be 5 stars except the Avatar Blue Ray disk, really DID require patching of my LG390 player before it worked properly.  Prior to patching it would hang on resume playing menu.  So far after patch seems to work good.  Had NO problems with any other disks BTW just the Avatar prior to patch. I suppose if you are \\"King of the World\\" you can mess with folks Blu Ray players.
B002RT85RW|4.0|There is no way you can get that many Quality BDs for this low price, even paying $200 for them will be $4.00 a piece!!! & considering the fact that TDK has never made a bad Blank Media... I'm placing my order right now!<br /><br />I'll post updates once I get them!<br /><br />xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx<br /><br />Update (12/02/2010)<br /><br />Not only I got them 2 days after placing my first order & very well protected, I have place 4 more orders since and all of them have arrived within 2 to 4 days in perfect conditions. Now talking about the quality of the product, what can I tell you... only Wuaoooo!!!
B003A9WLCS|2.0|The title track to this Album and it's video, \\"Soldier of Love\\", is quite simply CHILDISH and CHEESY.  I would never expect this performance out of any artist trying to make it big. But this is the work of Sade???  EXTREMELY SUB PAR.  The rest of this album's songs do offer more maturity in their writing and approach.  This does NOT compensate the overall loss of the FAMOUS SADE SOUND, however.  All listeners must accept some change in any artist's approach to using instrumentation and mixing of music to continue their sound in a changing world; BUT, the complete overhaul of Sade's sound is completely unacceptable.  I think the Sade crew (namely Denman and Matthewman along with Sade herself) have chosen to target the shallower side of R&B that (unfortunately) became influenced by rap and hip hop as opposed to maintaining that unique Jazzy R&B sound Sade balanced so well and did it with \\"class\\".  Clearly, they have straddled the fence of a different genre in the making of this album for it is not smooth R&B/Jazz, yet it is not Hip Hop.  It's not anything.  In the process of this change, they have lost millions of listeners in doing so while only gaining the favor of the few music listeners from the Hip Hop/Rap crowd. In short, those who appreciated the classy and softer side of Sade that had the soulful Jazzy/R&B sound have been severely let down.    Sorry, Sade, but you have lost me and every one else I know because of this radical change of sound and the very Cheesy and Questionable \\"Soldier of Love\\" song and video.  Best wishes for the upcoming album; I hope it turns out to be more than this crap you have \\"bombed\\" us with here, soldier!
B002ZTIIXK|5.0|CDs arrived in good time & in excellent condition.  Bonus:  hallelujah on both CDs!
030745455X|5.0|The Girl Who Played with Fire immediately grabs the reader's interest and never lets go. The reader pursues Lisbeth from the moment she enters the story. The character of the journalist is interesting, but it is Lisbeth who controls the novel. However, to fully appreciate the complexities of the plot, the reader should read the first book in the trilogy (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo) because The Girl Who Played with Fire picks up where this first novel ended. It is indeed a tragedy that the author (Stieg Larsson) died after having written the third installment in what was to be a ten novel series. Having just seen the film, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, I am glad I read the book first. Although the film is not a poor rendition of the book, a lot of the twists in the plot are not included. The Girl Who Played with Fire has more harsh scenes than the first book, but the reader can better understand the necessity of such scenes if he/she has read the first novel.
B000W4KSVA|4.0|A few people out there are rather critical of this album by John Coltrane. I am a huge fan of \\"Trane\\", but since I also enjoy other types of music such as rock, blues, folk, and classical I do not have tunnel vision. Is this my favorite Coltrane album, no. Is it my least favorite Coltrane album, of course not. This is an album of ballads, i.e., standards or standards-like pieces. Yes, it is one of Coltrane's prettiest albums. The playing is solid and that is saying a lot, as this is an album by Mr. John Coltrane. For those of you that are familiar with \\"trane's\\" catalog, you know he can get very far out and far from \\"pretty\\".     Most would agree that (among) his best albums are Giant Steps, My Favorite Things, A Love Supreme, and the 1961 Village Vanguard Sessions. Ballads does not challenge you, it is just nice music. I have three copies of the album, this CD, two LPs (one original and one reissue). I don't have the extended 2CD version (yet). It is actually hard to believe that the same person recorded Ballads as Om. Like day and night. If Ballads is Earth-bound, Om is from Neptune. Like comparing the Beatles to Metallica (I love both bands, by-the-way).     One reason I am defending this album is because my late mother actually liked it. That is where the second LP copy came from. Anything that brings her to Coltrane, must be good. Her tastes basically revolved around Frank Sinatra, Barbra Striesand, Judy Garland, and some Barry Manilow, and Linda Ronstadt, you get the idea. Again I don't dislike those singers. Yet she has made some remarkable musical observations at times. She liked the sax solo in Pink Floyd's song \\"Us and Them\\", it is good, and said she thought that Jimi Hendrix had a nice voice! Liked his singing, probably did not understand his guitar playing at all. On the other had she hated the Doors. She'd have been 85 this December, to put things in context.     As you can see most reviewers like this album. That should tell you something. Yes, it canbe a bit sappy but I'll take that from Coltrane over some of his noisy material that gives me a headache! John Coltrane's finest performance is probably still his playing with Miles Davis on Kind of Blue. Anyway, this is a great album for the general music lover, it just is not experimental at all -- all safe tunes.
0393072231|5.0|I enjoyed reading the book.....makes me think of asking the simple question in any business situation;  If they are selling to you they are probably not telling everything.  I will read it again.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|See article for explaniation and link to DRM issue.<br /><br />Also, no special features? Another special edition coming out later this year? I'd rather buy the entire Star Wars set.....again.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|These are AWESOME!The detail to sound is incredible! I slill dont understand how they do 7.1 surround with 2 speakers but close your eyes on a FPS and have your friend walk around you, you can call out their position with great detail. They also sound great for movies and late night tv. I was skeptical about the price but glad I took the plunge. As far as the battery life it is better than expected and I have only experienced minimal popping when the batteries are low or i move to the limits of their range. I would Highly recomend if you are in the line for a top shelf product.
B00007K02F|5.0|A beautiful movie!<br />It's a good version of the love story between Jane and Rochester.  The setting and cinematography are wonderful!<br /> Watch out for Anna Paquin (from The Pianist) who plays the young Jane Eyre in the beginning of the movie and plays the role extremely well.
B00328G4V6|5.0|If you loved Jimi's guitar style, you will love this posthumous release. To me it sounds as though it is between Electric Ladyland and The Cry of Love. I am a huge fan of Jimi's guitar style and unique arrangements. This is a good buy!
B002RKSCA6|4.0|The book is an easy read, some of the currency symbols did not translate to Kindle well, but did not detract from the story.
B0015DROBO|5.0|It's harder and harder for me to find novels of any kind that I like. Usually I give up after a few chapters or even after a few paragraphs.  This one, I couldn't put down.  Absolutely loved it.  It's clever, intense, and sexy.  I had the same reaction to the other two in the series...super stuff!  (A note to other reviewers...almost everyone summarizes the story...this is boring...wish you'd all limit your comments to your reaction to the book, and not give a book report.)
B00005O5CM|5.0|I love this movie. It's a little on the corny side...but I am too I guess. I bought this movie used \\"Like New\\". And it is like new. The DVD was free of any scratches. Even though I haven't watched it yet, I'm sure that the DVD will work perfectly as advertised. It's great being able to add to your movie gallery without it costing you an arm & a leg!
0446563048|4.0|Delivering Happiness by Tony Hsieh is part biography/part corporate profile, but at its core it is about happiness.  Hsieh has written in a very informal style that most readers will find engaging.  The book is structured in a way that shows readers how Hsieh's understanding of happiness grew from his early childhood days to growing Zappos into a company that Amazon acquired for $1.2 billion in stock.  Hsieh tells about his early entrepreneurial ventures as a child as well as his education and various jobs before he entered the corporate world.  While he doesn't let readers in on it explicitly until the end of the book, what he tells is how he pursued happiness in a progression of goals related to profits then passion then purpose.  I found his account fascinating as a contemporary of mine since one of the things I learned is that I am only about three months older than Tony.  While I have had nowhere near the level of professional success he has, I found his cultural references and early professional experience in the technology field very easy to relate to.<br /><br />However the core of what Hsieh would have readers take away is the motive for what he has done at Zappos - delivering happiness through outstanding customer service.  It was interesting to see how this idea evolved with Hsieh throughout his career.  Initially, he got involved with Zappos out of boredom.  He was good with money and successful in his past venture with LinkExchange.  However, money never held Hsieh's interest for very long.  If it had, he probably would have stayed at his first job out of college with Oracle.  I also found it interesting how customer service was a theme that emerged over time from within Zappos.  Hseih finally talked at one point about mastering customer service through shoes then one day launching a Zappos airline.<br /><br />People may find a lot of similarity between the emerging themes at Zappos and those at Southwest Airlines.  It is not an accident that Hsieh gives them a nod in his book.  The ideas he presents are very simple, yet very few companies come anywhere close to embracing them.  Perhaps common sense is not so common after all...<br /><br />Give this a try if you are looking for ideas to make a positive difference in yourself and your company.  It's worth your time.<br /><br />Overall:  Bhis book.  The ideas he presents are very simple, yet very few companies come anywhere close to embracing them.  Perhaps common sense is not so common after all...    Give this a try if you are looking for ideas to make a positive difference in yourself and your company.  It's worth your time.    Overall:  B
B001C08RHA|5.0|\\"Iron Man\\" stars the irresistible Robert Downey Jr. as Tony Stark, a rich weapons designer who eventually ends up captured by terrorists in Afghanistan. Stark manages to invent a bionic suit made of iron and escape from his captors, although the experience leads to a shift in his business strategy and an ultimate showdown with his longtime business partner (Jeff Bridges).<br /><br />I knew nothing about the Iron Man character before seeing this movie, and I wasn't prepared to like this film as much as I did. It's a very character-driven movie, which sets it apart from your average run-of-the-mill action flicks. Downey is charming and absolutely perfectly cast in this role, and he has amazing chemistry with Gwyneth Paltrow, who portrays Stark's assistance/platonic love interest, Pepper. \\"Iron Man\\" is a hilarious, exciting movie that will definitely make me buy a ticket to see the sequel when it arrives in theatres two weeks from today.
0141192453|5.0|Treasure Island is an action-packed adventure that takes your breath away even as an adult. The language is smooth and rich, and when the pirates speak it is wonderfully salty. Be prepared to look up the many nautical terms. The binding is stunning and does justice to the book.
0670021652|4.0|I continue to really enjoy Gilbert's books. Committed takes up where Eat, Pray, Love left off and it is nice to read that fame hasn't changed the author. She is still really funny and smart. While entertaining, the book also made me think about marriage and relationships and Western ideas about marriage. I especially liked how Gilbert contrasted the experiences of her grandmother, mother, and women of her own generation when it comes to marriage, romance, children and the feminist movement.
B0025KVLRO|3.0|The Beatles are a group like no other.  They matured as a group from teen pop to progressive and they took a large part of a generation with them on the ride.  Nor is their influence limited just to that generation, as the echoes of their greatness still resound today.  \\"Please Please Me\\" is the album that took them from obscurity to a UK sensation, and paved the way for their global success.  Originally released on March 22nd, 1963, in Mono (April 26, 1963 for the stereo version), the album featured 14 tracks, 10 of which were recorded on February 11th, and the remaining four were recorded at other times.  The version I am reviewing is the digitally remastered version of the stereo release of the album<br /><br />The album opens with \\"I Saw Her Standing There\\", one of eight McCartney-Lennon pieces on the album.  Paul is the lead vocalist, and the song is from take 1 of the session on February 11th, while the count-in from take 9.  George Martin wanted to capture a life feeling, and it sets the tone for the entire album.  Next is \\"Misery\\" (McCartney-Lennon) with Paul and John sharing the vocals.  This song was written for Helen Shapiro, but she turned it down, it was the first song to be covered by another artist as Kenny Lynch recorded it just days after The Beatles recorded it, and released it as a single before \\"Please Please Me\\" was released.  This song is the first to have George Martin play on it as he added the piano.  \\"Anna (Go To Him)\\" (Arthur Alexander) is next and features John on vocals, it is the first of the non McCartney-Lennon compositions on the album.<br /><br />Up next is \\"Chains\\" (Gerry Goffin, Carole King) is the first of two songs to feature George Harrison on vocals.  \\"Boys\\" (Luther Dixon, Wes Farrell) is the only song to feature Ringo on lead vocals.  It is an odd choice since the lyric is intended for a female to sing, but Ringo pulls it off.  \\"Ask Me Why\\" is a return to the McCartney-Lennon compositions, with John on lead vocals.  The songhad been recorded as early as June 6th of 1962, but this take is from November 26th of the same year.  It was the B-Side of their second single, \\"Please Please Me\\" which is the last song on the first half of this album and was recorded on the same day.<br /><br />The second half of the album opens with two mono tracks, even on the stereo version of the album.  \\"Love Me Do\\" starts it off, their first single.  This version is the one with Andy White on drums and Ringo playing tambourine.  John and Paul share the lead vocals on this one.  The second track is the B-Side, \\"P.S. I Love You\\", which once again has Andy White on drums and Ringo on maracas this time.  Paul has the lead vocals on this track.  These two tracks were recorded on September 11th of 1962.  \\"Baby It's You\\" with John on vocals is next.  It is a cover of a song written by Burt Bacharach (music), and Barney Williams (a.k.a. Luther Dixon) and Hal David (lyrics).  This is the second song that The Beatles included which was done previously by The Shirelles.  George Martin plays Celesta on this track.  Next up is \\"Do You Want to Know a Secret\\", the second song that George handles the vocals.<br /><br />\\"A Taste of Honey\\" (Bobby Scott, Ric Marlow) was originally an instrumental piece, but had vocals added when Lenny Welch recorded it a few months before The Beatles did.  Paul handles the lead vocals on the track.  \\"There's A Place\\" is the final McCartney-Lennon piece on the album with John and Paul sharing the vocals.  The album closes with \\"Twist and Shout\\" (Phil Medley, Bert Russell), a song on which John excels and pushes his vocals to the extreme.  This CD also includes a short documentary about the making of the album.  It is a nice add-on, but I would rather have had the stereo and mono tracks on a single CD.<br /><br />There is no doubt that this album is historic, and important to the legacy of the group for all the firsts which are included on it.  But when it comes to rating the album I think one has to look at it on its own.  The songs are a bit dated, though not nearly as bad as other songs from the era, so I would say that the album has aged gracefully.  Still, overall it is a fairly standard pop album.  There is no experimentation in the studio on this one, and the songs are all less than three minutes in length.  Nor is this even the best pop album from The Beatles, and if this album were the only one from the group, it would not have been remembered the way it has been.  Taking everything into account, I would say that this is an above average pop album, but not enough above average to justify four stars, and when rating albums by The Beatles, this one is closer to the bottom than the top.
B002VPE1AW|2.0|Okay, so Avatar! The movie that is supposed to change the very face of cinema as we know it! James Cameron's first movie after Titanic! I became really interested in this after the first trailer appeared and went over with a splat, and the special 15-minute preview had people coming out saying it looked REALLY DUMB. Then you had the expected positive early reviews--studio plants and morons, to be dismissed--and the people I chose to believe, who said that the pretty pictures get tired after thirty minutes and what you're left with is two hours of really tired, cliché-ridden white liberal guilt over Native Americans in the form of a Dances with Wolves and Ferngully rip-off. So I was of course interested, but expected to hate it and be very dismissive.    So imagine my surprise when I found myself not just liking it, but QUITE liking it [but not loving it--let's not get carried away], and pretty much completely behind James Cameron's attempt to show us all something a little different.    First things first--does it change the face of cinema? No. It is just much more detailed and rich CGI than you have ever seen before, but that's about it. If people want to talk about Cameron changing the face of cinema, they should talk about The Abyss, in which he used CGI in a way it had never been used before, laid the cornerstone for the CGI apocalypse we're experiencing today. Anyway, all this is really are pretty pictures, but these are REALLY pretty pictures. We'll get into further issues as we go along.    So suddenly-everywhere star Sam Worthington is this marine. His brother was suddenly killed, and since Sam has similar DNA, he gets to take his place. This detail is important to establish that Jake is not part of the mission, he just jumped in and is subbing. The deal is that there's this distant planet Pandora where there is this mineral Unobtainium [I'm serious] that is worth a lot of money. We never find out what else mankind needs it for--lots of money? Is that it? Anyway, the largest store of it is right under the big tree/town of the Na'vi, this race of big blue aliens who are an obvious analogue to Native Americans. The humans grow half-Na'vi/half-human people that they can inhabit via computer hookup. The humans are split into two camps: the good scientists, who just want to study the Na'vi and learn their ways and respect them and reach a peaceful resolution, and the evil military, who consider the Na'vi a bunch of stupid \\"savages\\" and, since they won't get out of the way, want to just kill them and their dumb tree and take the mineral. I am not known to get sentimental over betrayals of the military, but it must be said that the military are portrayed here as particularly one-sided, stupid, insensitive, greedy, and all-round venal. They are just the age-old cliché of the military as invading brutes who understand nothing but force and have no respect for any beliefs but their own.    So Jake is sent in with the scientists, but the big bad Military guy--he really looks straight out of Street Fighter--cuts a deal on the side that he'll report back to him with any of the Na'vi's weaknesses so he can blast them when the time comes. He promises Jake his legs back if he cooperates.    Jake ventures into the jungle, is soon separated from his crew, rescued by Neytiri, the hot female Na'vi, who is going to kill him, but receives signs that he is some sort of chosen one. She takes him back to the elders and quick as a flash they decide to let him join them and learn their ways. The next hour is devoted to Jake becoming one of them, learning that they apologize to the animals they kill [\\"Sorry `bout that! My bad!\\"], and goes on and on about \\"The flow of energy\\" and \\"the spirit of animals,\\" and \\"a network of energy that flows through all living things.\\" On this planet, however, that is to be understood literally, as all of the trees and plants are connected through a vast neural network, and all the animals and Na'vi have USB plugsat the end of their braids, that literally plug into the alien horses and dragon-things they ride. Jake passes many tests and is finally fully accepted into their tribe and engaged to Neytiri. Once Jake says \\"Everything is backwards now... it's like what's out there is the real world and in here is the dream\\", you know part one is over, Jake's allegiances have fully shifted, and it's time for the conflict to take over!    So the military dudes have discovered that Jake has gone native, and use his video diary [Jake is dumb enough to use his military-provided video diary and think it's private] saying the Na'vi will never surrender as excuse to just try to kill them and take their land. You ca see where everything is going from here--in fact, you could probably write the script right now and be 89% accurate, as not one thing happens that hasn't happened in every single movie like this. We do have some special phrasings meant to slam home some contemporary resonance, such as \\"Fight terror with terror\\" and \\"Shock and awe.\\" Things end up pretty much exactly as you'd expect.    But you know what? I didn't care. In fact, I barely noticed [maybe this is because I've thankfully avoided seeing Dances With Wolves]. I'm usually dismissive of pretty pictures with uninteresting character or story, but for me the visuals were so amazing--and the new world they describe so thoroughly imagined and full of variety--that I was really just carried away by the imagery. It is a successful conceit--to provide a new way of looking at movies to show us a new world full of wonderful creatures and amazing plants. The 3-D is nothing new, but this level of DETAIL in it is, and the new planet provides lots of use for it, to the point where the story just became so much background noise. In fact, the very cliché nature of the story WORKS for the film, as you don't really have to follow it, and thus are more easily taken in by the stunning pictures. This also makes it essential to see this movie in 3-D at the theater, as this film will be POINTLESS on video; all of a sudden the sameness of the story will be apparent, and you'll just have this rote Native American apology story. I'll be very interested to see how this does on DVD, for that reason.    What strikes me as interesting about these movies is their unarticulated purpose, which is apparently to assuage white guilt about the way we have treated indigenous people throughout history. You sit there and watch a fantasy about how the indigenous people are just soooo great and in tune with nature--they apologize to the things they kill!--and so much more balanced than us evil greedy capitalists who don't care about all that and dismiss others' beliefs and just want money! So you sit there in the audience and think \\"Well, this big white imperialist society [that I am a part of] may mow down indigenous peoples in its greedy quest, but I'M not like that. I'm on the side of the nature-lovin' indigenous peoples!\\" ...And then, in this fantasy, the indigenous peoples win, and you feel kind of vindicated and rewarded for your allegiances, and ultimately feel like there's no real problem at all. We pushed Native Americans off their land, but that was eons ago, and we're all more enlightened now, so it probably wouldn't happen again. But look, whatever you think about the Iraq war, the fact is that those people didn't have anything to do with 9/11 and didn't have weapons of mass destruction [which WAS quite apparent at the time], and all these well-intentioned whiny liberal movies didn't do much to stop THAT, did it? The public just sort of went \\"Oh dear, oh dear,\\" but largely stood by and let it happen--I think largely because of the anaesthetizing effect of movies like this, and the feeling walk out that we're all smarter than that now, or that this situation is different, or that the administration may pursue that aim, but YOU didn't vote for them, so you are still on the side of the indigenous peoples, and ultimately that's what counts. You need do nothing--but sit back and watch more movies!    The other interesting thing is how these movies--from Return of the Jedi on--tend to portray the good guys as simple people who live in caves or jungles and strike back with rocks and arrows and ingeniously simple improvised devices--like the Iraqi insurgents, for example--and the evil enemy uses high technology, massive bombs, remotely-controlled drones or huge tanks that can mow down legions of the unprotected, while keeping the evil invader safe behind walls of steel--like the US Military, for example. In fact, this film explicitly uses footage of US troops as a model for the scenes of the invading forces here, and we have those clear call-outs aligning the bad guys here with the Iraq war. So how is it our popular culture teaches us all to be on the sides of the low-tech indigenous peoples, and frames it PRECISELY in ways that allude to real-life conflicts, yet the net effect is to leave the populous feeling like there's no real problem and nothing to be done? All the exact mechanics are obscure, but somehow movies like this, while seeming to rouse people to action and \\"right-on\\" liberal opinions, actually anesthetize the public, make everyone feel that everything is pretty much okay, and one need do nothing.    There's also a curious little subtext running through this movie about infidelity, which I believe is unintentional, since it shows our heroes in a negative light, but it resonates so much with the content of the rest of the film, it raises a strange little wrinkle. First, when Jake is matched with his dragon-thingy, he is told that he must choose it and it him, and they will be united for life. However, later on Jake gets a flashy new dragon-thingy... and we never hear any more about his original. Did it spend the rest of its life wasting away, pining for Jake who left her by the side of the road like so much detritus? The other incident is that we are told that the Na'vi also choose a mate for life, and that Neytiri is already betrothed to someone, whom I assume to be the big Na'vi warrior dude. Yet she nor the movie bat an eyelash, real or narrative, when she hooks up with Jake and becomes \\"joined\\" to him. What about the other guy? He can just disappear? These issues are never resolved or reflected upon, and might come off as just a storytelling glitch, details that got lost in editing the sprawling movie, if they didn't dovetail so nicely with all of the other content of the movie that revolves around betrayals, allegiances made frivolously and tossed aside, and broken promises. So it leaves the unintended impression--which actually works by deepening the movie--that even our heroes are unfaithful to their ideals to some degree, make promises of allegiance they later just forget, that we all make compromises and all of us are in some way complicit.    Okay, but aside from all the heady issues, what's the bottom line? The bottom line is that it's quite something to see and is successful at wowing one with its visuals and vision of an interesting new world, and the rote story actually helps you park your brain in neutral and just be drawn along. But you MUST see it in the theater in 3-D, or I wouldn't bother seeing it at all.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Its a nice movie. Better than any other movies. But no special features on the dvd.
0440243688|5.0|Lee Child is one of my wife's favorite authors. She has already read it, enjoyed it,and passed it to her friend that she exchanges books with.Also, Amazon sent the book in a timely manner. Thank you
0156027321|5.0|Who really cares if this wonderfully incredible story, told in a direct, yet poetic voice, with unforgettable images and depth of insight into the psychology of humans and animals, is factual or not?  Who cares which religion \\"wins\\" or if one ultimately chooses one's own story/truth?  Who cares what symbolizes what, and how the supposed symbols link together?      That's not the point at all.  Although the lifeboat carrying Pi and the tiger Richard Parker may remind us of a stripped-down Noah's ark escaping the flood, the questions Pi raises are the ones that Job asks.  How does your soul survive when all that you love is taken away and you must choose how to survive despite your fear and weakness?      Confronting your fear and shining the light of words upon it, yes - but sometimes having a tiger as the focus of your fear can be helpful.  \\"It was Richard Parker who calmed me down.  It is the irony of this story that the one who scared me witless to start with was the very same who brought me peace, purpose, I dare say even wholeness.\\"    Having \\"tamed\\" the tiger, how do you fight despair, when both of you are facing death?  Perhaps, like Job, you are given such moments as this one:  \\"The stars shone with such fierce, contained brilliance that it seemed absurd to call the night dark...The volume of things was confounding - the volume of air above me, the volume of water around and beneath me.  I was half-moved, half-terrified...For the first time I noticed - as I would notice repeatedly during my ordeal, between one throe of agony and the next - that my suffering was taking place in a grand setting.  I saw my suffering for what it was, finite and insignificant, and I was still.  My suffering did not fit anywhere, I realized.  And I could accept this.\\"     Pi's irrepressible sense of humor, his resourcefulness, his keen insight into animals and people, his down-to-earth philosophizing, and his love of all life, not just his own, makes him lively and lovable.  We care about him from the beginning and we grow to love the blasted tiger too.      Martel describes Pi's childhood watching the zoo animals: \\"I spent more hours than I can count a quiet witness to the highly mannered, manifold expressions of life that grace our planet.  It is something so bright, loud, weird and delicate as to stupefy the senses.\\"  One might say the same of this book - bright, loud, weird, delicate -- an unforgettable pageturner, the kind that one immediately wants to read again.  Well done, Martel!
B000FL7B5Q|5.0|I ordered this version of the album because it contained the extra track \\"Rabbits Are Roadkill\\". Enjoyed the rest of the album. The songs rock and are catchy, as any AFI album. The songs on this album are a contrast to their recent album, \\"Crash Love\\". Decemberunderground is one my frequently-played albums, and worth listening if you are chilling at home or on a long road commute.
B002HFJ77S|5.0|I was enraptured and couldn't put it down. I especially loved the perspectives on young minds in old bodies - makes me view the elderly with fresh eyes. Touching story, worth every minute and every penny!
B00168HARG|4.0|No menu option to select specific episodes. Just a single PLAY button. If you want to watch the third episode on the disc, you have to fast-forward or chapter-skip until you get there. Stupid.    Great image quality. Great show.
B00360CY50|5.0|Several years ago I saw Ms. MacDonald on the BBC's Graham Norton Show.  I fell in love with her voice, and I've been following her career since.  I don't know if I like her sophomore effort quite as well as her debut, but I've been listening to 'Curious Thing' for a couple of weeks now, and the music has not palled.  I would recommend her highly.
B002ZHKZEM|5.0|I wasn't at all sure I would like David Tennant as the Doctor after Christopher Eccleston, but in the last 3 years he has made his way into my \\"hearts\\".  From \\"Christmas Invasion\\" to \\"The End of Time\\", he has evoked emotion and laughter.  He showed incredible talent as a comedic actor when possessed by \\"Cassandra\\" in Series 2's \\"New Earth\\", then the complete emotional breakdown in series 3's \\"Human Nature\\".  Each story grabbed my heart, but the final joy came when in \\"Journey's End\\", I could accutally see how the TARDIS was supposed to be flown and that it was being flown by the Doctor's \\"family\\".    I thought \\"The Next Doctor\\" was wonderful with David Morrissey's pain and David Tennant's sincere compassion as the two sorted out Morrissey's pain while overcoming the Cyberman invasion.  This is an incredible episode, very satisfying.    \\"The Planet of the Dead\\" is a pretty good episode.  It shows what the Doctor does best.  He thinks on his feet and solves the problem in a somewhat logical matter.  As Michelle Ryan's \\"Lady Christina\\" says \\"...you are the brain box, so start boxing.\\"  What made the episode complete was the comedic banter between Tennant and comedic actor Lee Evans.  In the process of solving the problem Evans' \\"Malcolm\\" and the \\"Doctor\\" become \\"best friends\\".  The ending when the Doctor refuses to allow Christina to travel with him shows how emotionally tired he really is.  As he tells Christina, he loses all of his companions.    \\"The Waters of Mars\\" takes us back to the \\"behind the couch\\" era, humans infected by alien parasites turning into monsters.  The most important part comes at the end wirh rhe Doctors crisis of \\"faith\\".    \\"The End of Time\\" pts 1 and 2 broke my heart.  I knew they were to be David Tennant's last episodes, but nothing prepared me for the depth of writing talent and acting that was involved.  Russell T Davis' writing was superb as always.  I don't think there could ever be another such emotionally charged episode such as this one.  David Tennant's young/old Doctor with Bernerd Cribbins' old Wilfrid Mott was sentimental with a simple father/son affection developing.  The Doctor allowing himself to be taken care of by this old Earth man showed his incredible neediness.  In the end when the Doctor saves Wilf's life at the cost of one of his own it seemed only right.  As the regeneration progresses, the Doctor gets in his TARDIS and for the last time visits several of his companions.  He saves Micky and Martha from a Sontarran attack; Sarah Jane's son, Luke, from an oncoming car and he gives a lonely and dejected Jack Harkness, sitting in an inter-galatic bar, the name of a young man who may or may not fill that emptiness.  He visits Donna's wedding, knowing that only her mother and grandfather, Wilfrid, will know who he is.  Then in the final moment before his transformation he goes to the one place on Earth he felt he belonged, Rose Tyler's \\"Powell Estates\\".  He watches her celebrate 2005's New Year, knowing that they will meet for the first time later that year in the personna of Chrisopher Eccleston.  Then he heads for his TARDIS accompanied by Ood Sigma who relays the Ood song which spans the Universe. I cried.    Music adds a wonderful feeling to any show, but I have never seen the likes of Murray Gold.  I'm sorry, but even John Williams pales in comparison.    I will give Matt Smith a chance, because the Doctor is one man, a Time Lord, with many different faces, but I will never forget David Tennant's important contributions to the new series.  I will look forward to his other works to come.    I recommend this product, if you hadn't guessed already.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|WELCOME TO AN AGE WHERE ENVIRONMENTALISM RULES ALONGSIDE CONSERVATIONISM!!<br /><br />There's multiple reasons for why I have decided to refrain myself from criticizing James Cameron. One , he's probably one of the bravest movie directors I've ever seen. Two , he can surpass himself and that's something I thought he couldn't accomplish. I used to think that he was doing his films in the past for big money and big bussiness'sake , so I said stupidly 'he can't succeed at anything because he's a 33rd degree Freemason'. Now I realize that this film is a chilling portrayal of what happens when you allow retarded people to run the course on such things as space exploration - what you get is the consequences of such stupid actions. This film is of course his all time best movie. Here , James Cameron surpasses all previous films. I was explained by a few fellow youtubers that Cameron can surpass himself and I had to view Avatar a few more times to understand as of why. James Cameron decided to do something else most movie directors of today do not have courage to do - join in the fight against the insane Bel Monte dam , which was the result of faulty environmental politics , and mental retardation among those behind it. I decided to conduct some research and saw that rumours about that he's a highly qualified and perhaps genuine leader will not convince some of his fiercest critics , which is understandeable in light of the events circulating the absolutely unnecessary Bel Monte dam which should never have been conceived in the first place. Signing for the dam to increase the probability for it's construction as a result of preassure from those behind it's project is nonetheless one of his biggest mistakes in the views of a lot of people around the world , including myself , Cameron and many others. Avatar's storyline is already known by everybody - the soldier who decides to rebel against his general once finding out that he has better leadership capabilities and that his general has begun to break certain codes of ethic intelligent people do not have the ability to break. The film is also a serious , intergalactic attack on worldwide left - brained culture. Some of them have been sending me dumbass comments when I have attempted to successfully put authors such as James Randi down the sink whenever I so felt fit to do so. After James Cameron decided to go to Brazil to aid the natives , I realized that here is a man who knows absolutely no fear. Here is a man who will not let his viewers down. Here is a man who knows absolutely what to do to surpass himself on anything , without the guidance of anybody. Here is a man who has the knowledge , resources and know - how on how to film in space if he wants to. Here is a good , gentle giant who knows absolutely how to be wary when approaxing the smaller directors - here is a man who has accepted that being raugh in the past may not necessarily have to work in the present when directing film , in ways that he would do all by himself. Here is a man who hasn't been criticized in any conspiracy book to date as a film director. Here is a man who will not make a movie because somebody tells him to do , but because he wishes to do so himself. Here is a man who can think for nearly 20 years about doing something before he does it. In Avatar , he succeeds beyound most of his past achievements. Yet , even so , in a previous attempt to criticize this movie , I remain absolutely certain in my view that I felt the special effect of Final Destination 3 - D to be somehow better and much more captivating.<br />Two other Avatar films are absolutely necessary to explore the world of Avatar and the other worlds of Pandora , and perhaps some cooperation with Iceland may be needed. It's sad to observe how 'unoptanium'turns out to be good news for big government and big bussiness in the movie. It reminds us of the insanities of the present era of the current collapse of the developing companies. We do not need to 'develop'the world more than we have already done - it was all smoke and mirrors and self - deception. As Gaahl put it; 'if nature is not allowed to run her course , there'll always be master and slave'. Avatar rocks , because Avatar is kickass. The whole ideology behind Avatar will not prevent other authors and writers to use similar ideas , and Avatar bases it's concept on things like that that are from older and less known works of sci - fi. That is only a plus for the movie to be added to the myriad of other pluses. As of the one - star reviewers , it's hard to make a film like this. Put yourselves into James Cameron's shoes.....and try to make something better......if you dare. The politics of Avatar is the politics of now , because this is what we have to do right now if we're going to wish to take back our planet Earth.....and return it to it's earlier state of paradise it was in nearly 5 to 6000 years ago - albeit with of course more forests , more swamps , more vegetation and more biodiversity , albeit perhaps less water.'the world more than we have already done - it was all smoke and mirrors and self - deception. As Gaahl put it; 'if nature is not allowed to run her course , there'll always be master and slave'. Avatar rocks , because Avatar is kickass. The whole ideology behind Avatar will not prevent other authors and writers to use similar ideas , and Avatar bases it's concept on things like that that are from older and less known works of sci - fi. That is only a plus for the movie to be added to the myriad of other pluses. As of the one - star reviewers , it's hard to make a film like this. Put yourselves into James Cameron's shoes.....and try to make something better......if you dare. The politics of Avatar is the politics of now , because this is what we have to do right now if we're going to wish to take back our planet Earth.....and return it to it's earlier state of paradise it was in nearly 5 to 6000 years ago - albeit with of course more forests , more swamps , more vegetation and more biodiversity , albeit perhaps less water.
1594565201|5.0|English country house murder, limited pool of suspects (mostly, the Cavendish family), lots of zigzagging and backtracking, red herrings and buried clues. In other words, classic Agatha Christie, though I believe this was her first (Poirot) novel, related through Hastings, who is the perfect stolid British foil to the eccentric and excitable little Belgian. Gets a little complicated in the plot, but the style is smooth and engaging. For a modern Agatha Christie (English country house, limited pool of suspects), I recommend  the slightly spoofy \\"Christmas is Murder\\" by C. S. Challinor. [[ASIN:0738713597 Christmas is Murder (A Rex Graves Mystery)]]
B0030BOCEG|5.0|HIM's latest release, Screamworks: Love In Theory And Practice, Chapters 1-13 (which leads me btw to feel like their next album will be Screamworks 2: followed by : and some text and all those being Chapters 14-???) is a great album. What a way for them to burst back onto the scene. The hard work and effort they put shows here in my opinion. Many of these songs require muiltiple listenings for me till they are way over played.<br /><br />1. \\"In Venere Veritas\\"  3:35 - It's a great opener and a great song. Multiple listens for me. I had to look up Venere Veritas on google so for those wondering, it's latin for \\"In love, there is truth\\"<br /><br />2. \\"Scared to Death\\"  3:40 - Another great one.<br /><br />3. \\"Heartkiller\\"  3:29 - The first single. I can see why.<br /><br />4. \\"Dying Song\\"  3:29 - Though I like it, I don't like it as much as some others. But it's growing on me.<br /><br />5. \\"Disarm Me (With Your Loneliness)\\"  4:01 - I don't know why, but I like the ending the best. From after the last chorus till it's over.<br /><br />6. \\"Love, the Hardest Way\\"  3:19 - Thanks to the chorus, this grew on me fast and is now one of my favorites.<br /><br />7. \\"Katherine Wheel\\"  3:26 - Good song. Out of all the tracks though, I probably like this the least. Not sure why though.<br /><br />8. \\"In the Arms of Rain\\"  3:46 - Same as track 7.<br /><br />9. \\"Ode to Solitude\\"  3:58 - It's a hard one and it grew on me.<br /><br />10. \\"Shatter Me With Hope\\"  3:51 - Same as track 7.<br /><br />11. \\"Acoustic Funeral (For Love in Limbo)\\"  3:57 - Another favorite of mine, especially the chorus!!!<br /><br />12. \\"Like St. Valentine\\"  3:14 - Same as track 4.<br /><br />13. \\"The Foreboding Sense of Impending Happiness\\" - Valo described this in an interview as an interlude. I don't like this much at all. In fact, I like it less than Katherine Wheel. Musically, it sounds to me like 80s synthysizers that you hear in movies like Terminator 1. Not trying to criticize them. They happen to be my favorite band. I'm just giving my honest opinion.<br /><br />The limited edition has a 2nd disc that contains the acoustic versions of all the above tracks. I have it, but I haven't gotten around to it yet as I'm enjoying the regular version. Once I hear it though, I'll update this review. It'll be some time before that happens though lol!<br /><br />Overall, I say go buy it if you're a fan of HIM or just hard stuff.
6303921248|1.0|didn't know i was ordering vhs tape, thought it was cds,  never watched them
B0000041Q3|5.0|absolutely gorgeous, i'm not an expert on opera but know beauty when i hear it
0385528752|5.0|After reading this book, I felt I just had to buy \\"Made to Stick\\" (which I actually did). The book is full of interesting ideas. Do not be misled by the only reviewer who gave it two stars and said the information is useless. In fact, the reader must be smart enough to realize how to apply the insights to his own life - and to me it was quite simple and straightforward.
B000008GEF|5.0|Living in the Material World is a very good album by George Harrison, next to All Things Must Pass. Besides being very good this album also has a nostalgic value to me since it's the first George Harrison LP I bought back in '73. I still have the original LP but it's been well over 8 years since I was able to listen to it since my Thorens turntable is still kept in my ceiling. The music and the words are good.
B00007KQA3|5.0|This was worth the price. I was finding that obtaining a copy of this film to be a challange. It wasn't released for a long time do to legal problems I think. What really makes this worth having is that this is Richard Burton's last role. He died the same year 1984. Look at this movie and then look at the current news - think about it.
B00001QEE6|5.0|Sorry it took so long but its in very good conditon and packaged very well!  I thank you so much!
B002BWQ6H6|3.0|The book is composed of several short stories that intertwine the characters. Some of the stories were riveting..couldn't put the book down. On the other hand, some of the stories just plodded along and I had to force myself to go on.
B000GIXEIG|1.0|Fools who confusedly emote overturning the worldview of the classic and cannot figure out that good and evil have real meaning are doomed to destruction.
B002ZG99G8|5.0|\\"The Losers\\" is great! This is how the story goes: Members of an elite U.S. Special Forces unit are sent into the Bolivian jungle on a search and destroy mission. The team -- Clay, Jensen, Roque, Pooch and Cougar -- find themselves the target of a lethal betrayal instigated from inside by a powerful enemy known only as Max. Presumed dead, the group makes plans to even the score when they're joined by the mysterious Aisha, a beautiful operative with her own agenda. Working together, they must remain deep undercover while tracking the heavily-guarded Max, a ruthless man bent on embroiling the world in a new high-tech global war.    The cast led by Jeffrey Dean Morgan (as Clay) is great! The directing by Sylvain White (who also directed \\"Stomp The Yard\\" (2007) is great! The screenplay by Peter Berg (who also wrote the screenplay & directed \\"Friday Night Lights\\" (2004), he also directed \\"The Rundown\\", \\"The Kingdom\\" (2007), \\"Hancock\\" (2008) & the upcoming \\"Battleship\\" (2012) & James Vanderbilt (who also did the screenplay to \\"Basic\\" (2003, also produced), \\"Darkness Falls\\" (2003), \\"The Rundown\\" (2003, which was directed by Berg), \\"Zodiac\\" (2007, also produced) & the upcoming \\"Spider-Man Reboot\\" (2012) is great!    The music by John Ottman (who also did the music to \\"The Usual Suspects\\" (1995, also film edited), \\"The Cable Guy\\" (1996), \\"Halloween H20: 20 Years Later\\" (1998), \\"Apt Pupil\\" (1998, also film edited), \\"Lake Placid\\" (1999), \\"Urban Legends: Final Cut\\" (2000, also directed and film edited), \\"X2\\" (2003, also film edited), \\"Cellular\\" (2004), \\"Fantastic Four\\" (2005), \\"Superman Returns\\" (2006, also film edited), \\"Fantastic Four: The Rise Of The Silver Surfer\\" (2007), \\"Valkyrie\\" (2008, also film edited and executive produced) & \\"Orphan\\" (2009) is great! The cinematography by Scott Kevan (who also did the cinematography to \\"Cabin Fever\\" (2002) & \\"Stomp The Yard\\") is great! The film editing by David Checel (who also did the film editing to \\"Stomp The Yard\\") is great! Thecasting by Mary Vernieu (who also did the casting to \\"Crazy Heart\\" (2009), the upcoming \\"The Killer Inside Me\\" (2010), \\"Machete\\" (2010), \\"Predators\\" (2010) & \\"Spy Kids 4: Armageddon\\" (2011) & Venus Kanani is great! The production design by Aaron Osborne (who also did the production design to \\"I Am Sam\\" (2001) is great! The art direction by Erin Cochran (who also did the art direction to \\"I Am Sam\\") is great! The set decoration by Monica Monserrate is great! The costume design by Magali Guidasci (who also did the costume design to \\"The Professional\\" (1994), \\"Armageddon\\" (1998), \\"AVP: Alien Vs. Predator\\" (2004), \\"Jumper\\" (2008) & \\"Zombieland\\" (2009) is great!    This is a great action movie that keeps you thinking and on the edge of your seat. This is a little different than most action films out there right now. This is fun and fast-paced.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|As I am a HUGE sci-fi and fantasy fan I thought Avatar was a great overall film.  However, the best part I like about good hearted sci-fi/fantasy movies is lack of cussing.  This movie was COMPLETELY ruined (just like Transformers) because of the amount of cussing in it. Things like \\"G** D***\\" could be completely avoided and is not necessary to the dialog of the movie.    I'll stick to Star Wars where I know there is not cussing at all.    Too bad for Avatar in my book, a great movie was ruined by a screen writer that has to get his kicks with foul language
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I didn't expect to like this movie.  In fact, since I don't ever watch previews I actually thought it was going to be a kid's movie.  Was I ever wrong!  While this review is probably not going to be helpful to those who are familiar with the movie and eagerly awaited its release, I'm hoping it will be helpful to those like me who may not have seen anything on it beforehand or just heard snatches of information regarding the movie.<br /><br />Avatar features the world of Pandora, a place that has been discovered by us Earthlings many years in the future, 2154.  While our technology has advanced, we have ruined our world.  While toxic, Pandora creates a lure for Earth in the form of unobtainium (yes, that made me laugh).  However, another surprise is the sentient humanoid race called the Na'vi.  These are giant blue human looking creatures that have tails and a special braid that allows them to connect to the world around them.<br /><br />One of the humans who came to the human base on Pandora, Jake, is chosen to replace his brother as part of the Avatar program.  The Avatar program is a computer generation that can put a person's mind in the biologically created body of a Na'Vi.  With this they hope to learn more about the people. Well most hope it, because of the unobtainium the main desire is to relocate the Na'Vi from their home where a great stash of it is buried, using military efforts if necessary.<br /><br />Jake is chosen to go undercover for the military effort and report back on the Na'Vi weaknesses.  By luck, he is separated from the Avatar group in an animal attack and saved by Neytiri a Na'Vi huntress.  She brings him back to her clan where he is not killed, but instead taken in to learn how to be one of them.  Over time he might change his mind about the Na'Vi home, but would he be able to convince those who desire the unobtanium, or the military power?<br /><br />The graphics in this movie were wonderful.  It was quite impressive what they were able to do in replicating people and all the special effects.  While a lot of fuss is made over this first version being released without all the special features, I honestly don't care if its in 3d and has a multitude of special features.  Its a movie, seen on a square screen, and I like the fact that it looks like a movie. I'm not too invested in trying to make it real so this version was perfect for me.<br /><br />I also enjoyed the music.  They seemed very fitting and the song that played to the credits I thought was especially beautiful.  The characters were all well portrayed as well and there aren't any actors I thought someone else could have done a better job.<br /><br />My only complaint about this movie is that it is a little disheartening in regards to the human race.  The vast majority when you look at percentages were not good people.  And even more terrible was the fact that we destroyed our Earth and had no qualms about doing it to another one with little thought to the local populace.  I'd like to think that the percentage of good people would be higher in real life.  As this is a movie though, I have to forgive this concept for the theatrical relevance.<br /><br />In all, I thought this was a wonderful movie.  However, it should be warned, don't as I did, think this was for children.  There are violent scenes and vulgar language.  Little ones might want to avoid the movie but if you're ok with older children hearing cuss words, it should be ok for them.  If you've got a Friday night to spend on the couch, this is the movie to see!l the special effects.  While a lot of fuss is made over this first version being released without all the special features, I honestly don't care if its in 3d and has a multitude of special features.  Its a movie, seen on a square screen, and I like the fact that it looks like a movie. I'm not too invested in trying to make it real so this version was perfect for me.     I also enjoyed the music.  They seemed very fitting and the song that played to the credits I thought was especially beautiful.  The characters were all well portrayed as well and there aren't any actors I thought someone else could have done a better job.    My only complaint about this movie is that it is a little disheartening in regards to the human race.  The vast majority when you look at percentages were not good people.  And even more terrible was the fact that we destroyed our Earth and had no qualms about doing it to another one with little thought to the local populace.  I'd like to think that the percentage of good people would be higher in real life.  As this is a movie though, I have to forgive this concept for the theatrical relevance.    In all, I thought this was a wonderful movie.  However, it should be warned, don't as I did, think this was for children.  There are violent scenes and vulgar language.  Little ones might want to avoid the movie but if you're ok with older children hearing cuss words, it should be ok for them.  If you've got a Friday night to spend on the couch, this is the movie to see!
0743455967|5.0|Imagine that On Writing is still rated in the top 1000 books on Amazon.com nine years after its publication.  That tells you how great this book is.<br /><br />I read it for two main reasons.  First, I was interested in Stephen King's life.  Second, I wanted to discover his secret.<br /><br />King shares generously and tells us clearly how to deal with writer's block; develop strong characters; create vivid background setting; and write realistic sounding dialogue.  That's no small feat!<br /><br />This is a book that I could read over and over again, despite its length.  There's always something new to learn. Thanks, Stephen!
B002VPE1B6|3.0|3 stars to balance my hatred for movie studio greed and one of the greatest sci-fi movies ever.  I couldn't wait all the extra months for the extended edition.  It's only $20.  I'm not that broke.  I paid more than that for 2 tickets to watch it in the theater.  I wanted to see it on my new HDTV now.  But yeah, I totally understand all the 1 star reviews.  I can't blame anyone who decides to go the torrent route.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I have read this book many times, but it never gets old. Suzanne Collins has created an atmosphere that puts you in the book. Great read. Absolutely love it.
0786168765|1.0|I received the audio cd set in a timely fashion.  The set included 35 cds.  The first five played, the sixth didn't, the next four worked, the fifth didn't and it went on like that until the end.  The quality of the recordings are not consistant.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|So the movie was great right, but seriously... If you're going to make the DVD release date on Earth Day, the least you can do is put it in ECO-FRIENDLY PACKAGING!!! What the hell were these guys thinking??? Lets make a movie about how the planet is a living organism that is linked to its inhabitants and should be protected instead of trashed and then release it in PLASTIC packaging!
B000SMWUPS|4.0|Holds a fair amount of stuff and is pretty sturdy for drinks.  For the $$ I am pleased with this purchase!
B0002199H2|4.0|This is a great collection for those who likes Gil Evans period Miles. The pieces are composed with a big band and orchestra, a very different style period from those quartet, quintet period of Miles. The music give you a very thick and exciting feeling with a large group of intruments together, like listening to symphony, but this is a jazz symphony. You'll love this.  According to the engineer, they've found many defacts on the master tape due to wear and tear, this hugely affect the sound. They've make so many edits and cuts to delete the problems part, this make the recordings not complete. Sometimes you may feel strange that the songs are not very continuous.  Overall, if the sounds is not bad and the order of the songlist isn't so confusing, it will be a perfect collections of this period
B002KSPKRS|4.0|I think this product is great, I agree with most of the reviews here on Amazon.    It does, however have one major design flaw: no low battery indicator. For me, when the batteries run out the headphones just \\"pop\\" (pretty loudly, might I add) and turn off. Not only is the popping really annoying and comes close to hurting your ears, but if you're in the middle of the game it just leaves you hanging without audio. On the xbox I can at least turn up the TV's volume so I can get audio ( but no voice chat ), but on the PS3, since you pick either optical audio or hdmi input, you can't do anything without quitting the game a changing your settings. That means either going forward towards a save point without audio, or quitting and starting over from your last save.    I mean really, why not make the headset give you a couple of light beeps when the batteries are dying?    Other than that, this is awesome.
B00260HH3K|5.0|It was awsome. Emmy Rossum did a great job at being bad-ass. I loved Goku and Chi chi. But their are different opinions out there. And for those of you who will bash this and other reviews of those of us who actually liked the movie; please stop and think and find something better to do that's not a waste of breath on your part.
0805091742|1.0|The entire book (save yourself the reading) can be summed by as \\"checklists are really, really, really important\\".
0060935464|5.0|I just finished this book, which I hadn't read since high school. It was as enjoyable as I remembered.
0671015206|4.0|Just finished reading this for the second time.  It is a good book that emphasizes the importance of living below your means if you want to be wealthy.  Stay away from status symbols, etc.     I will be on the lookout for an updated version.
B001AEF6D6|5.0|On the heels of their 1996 masterpiece of sly humor \\"Fargo\\", Joel and Ethan Coen made \\"The Big Lebowski\\". It lacked the intensity of the sharpest Coen brothers films and failed at the box office only to become a cult classic, basis of its very own subculture, and one of the Coens' most analyzed films. The world of \\"The Big Lebowski\\" is familiar territory: the Coen brothers like to play with the idea of a fundamentally disordered universe, the world of film noir with a darkly humorous edge. The humor in \\"The Big Lebowski\\" isn't as dark as usual, though, owing to the fact that its protagonist is a laid-back, aged hippie whose feathers don't ruffle easily, dropped into a Chandleresque mystery that boggles him about enough to annoy even a stoner peacenik.<br /><br />Jeffrey \\"The Dude\\" Lebowski (Jeff Bridges) is mistaken for another Jeffrey Lebowski by two thugs who break into his apartment, rough him up, and pee on his rug. As this is obviously unjust, the Dude decides to seek compensation from the other Mr. Lebowski, the rich old man whose young trophy wife apparently owes someone money. Mr. Lebowski (David Huddleton) is reluctant to pay up, but when his young wife Bunny (Tara Reid) disappears and there is a ransom demand, he thinks the Dude is just the man to deliver the money. Being a basically agreeable fellow, the Dude agrees but inadvertently involves his bowling partner, a highly strung Vietnam vet named Walter (John Goodman), who is more a liability than a help. Meanwhile, the Dude's new rug is stolen.<br /><br />Even the pauses in the Dude's speech were scripted, but this is still one of the most memorable performances of Jeff Bridge's long and impressive career. The Dude is hilarious and endearing and wise without wanting to be. He wants to drink his White Russians and bowl. This is film noir without a noir protagonist. Instead of imploding in a fit of existential angst, the Dude reacts to the confusion and injustice by trying to go with the flow -or trying to ignore the issue. The world doesn't let him; it turns him into a reluctant detective. \\"The Big Lebowski\\" is replete with staples of film noir, from identity confusion to rapid dialogue. But the Dude offers a unique reaction to the dilemmas of a world that doesn't make sense. It's hilarious and, at the same time, an interesting perspective.<br /><br />The DVD (Universal 2008 10th Anniversary edition): The 10th Anniversary edition offers two featurettes, a comedic introduction to the film (4 ½ min), Production Notes (text), and a theatrical trailer (2 ½ min). \\"The Dude's Life\\" (10 min) interviews the cast about their characters and what made the Dude so popular. In \\"The Dude Abides: The Big Lebowski Ten Years Later\\" (10 min), the cast talks about the evolving perception of the film and about the dialogue. Subtitles are available for the film in English SDH, Spanish, and French. Dubbing is available in French and Spanish.e. The world doesn't let him; it turns him into a reluctant detective. \\"The Big Lebowski\\" is replete with staples of film noir, from identity confusion to rapid dialogue. But the Dude offers a unique reaction to the dilemmas of a world that doesn't make sense. It's hilarious and, at the same time, an interesting perspective.    The DVD (Universal 2008 10th Anniversary edition): The 10th Anniversary edition offers two featurettes, a comedic introduction to the film (4 ½ min), Production Notes (text), and a theatrical trailer (2 ½ min). \\"The Dude's Life\\" (10 min) interviews the cast about their characters and what made the Dude so popular. In \\"The Dude Abides: The Big Lebowski Ten Years Later\\" (10 min), the cast talks about the evolving perception of the film and about the dialogue. Subtitles are available for the film in English SDH, Spanish, and French. Dubbing is available in French and Spanish.
044656740X|4.0|I bought this book in my late teens and it was a real eye opener for me.  It made me realize how my parents were in the rat race buying new gadgets and status symbols.  I give a lot of credit to this book because i am now a very frugal person and well on my way.  I still glance through it once in a while, but I plan on sending this to my younger brother soon.    You will not ever agree with everything an author has to say, but it gives you perspective.  Buy it and read it.
0471267554|5.0|The Paleo Diet proved to be very informative about what our bodies are designed to digest for energy.  Don't cheat yourself by just eating lean meat and fruits and vegetables.  You need all the information in this book to keep you on track.  I feel great!
B002HWRYJE|5.0|Great movie, love that they found a way to update it without disgracing the older ones.
B000025V5Q|5.0|I've been a fan of Hawkwind ever since I heard Psychedelic Warlords in the early 90's. Picked up some more HW albums and realized many were just re-releases and compilations of the same songs.  Now this album---this is a treat. An under-appreciated opus of HW at their whacked-out finest. And if you are into the ingestion of certain psychedelics you MUST pick this album up, with Hall of The Mountain Grill, Floyd's Saucerful of Secrets and The Piper At the Gates of Dawn. Their use of the wind instruments, the violin and mellotron, the synthesizers, the spoken word pieces, all add up to a great rock experience few will replicate.  To me this album seemed to capture a moment in time. This is HW's Zoso or Exile on Main Street, or Dark Side of the Moon  Experimental and at the same time accessible, this has fast become one of my all time favorites.   A must have for any HW fan, even for any rock music fan, who like me, enjoys discovering lost, little-known classics such as this one.
B0025KVLU6|4.0|To be perfectly blunt, my hearing and low end sound system cannot tell the difference between the remastered and the previous CD version, although, I am sure I could have heard the improvement over my vinyl edition I long ago sold on eBay.  This is a great album, but, once again, I object to the packaging.  I would suggest getting a quality two CD case when purchasing this product.  The discs tend to slip from the case, and, I bet you a shiny new dime, they will always fall shiny side down.  The entire remaster editions seem to have the same sloppy packaging.  So, handle them with care.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|\\"0\\" special features for Avatar?!  REALLY?!  Don't buy this.  WAIT WAIT WAIT for the next release.
B002VECM72|5.0|This movie was not only moving, but truly and inspiration of hope to all kids out there who need help.  It is def an eye opener.
B002C6K7NU|1.0|i think it's the sign o'the times, but LS message shifted from \\"singing songs about the south land\\" to promoting guns and shooting clubs, so that's LS legacy? sorry misters, you may please some short haired dudes but definitely let a whole world down...guns are not the answer and music is all about message and attitude and this 1 single album brought your name down.
0756970342|5.0|This was given to me by a friend and I hate that--I feel obligated to read it and I have pretty specific tastes. This did not sound like something I would even tolerate. However...I adore this book.  It is well written, plausibly nuts, interesting, funny, touching...what can I say that others havent?  This is a great book.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I am not reviewing the movie however I am reviewing the Blu-ray it self. I will add that I do love this movie and this does not reflect on Avatar as a movie. First off my equipment is a pioneer bd-120 with the latest firmware update(The player was used when I bought it)See my review of this player too. After the long load time a screen comes up telling that this Blu-ray must be used on a player with the latest firmware updates and if you have any problems to report them to this website blu-raydisc.I then selected play and Begin to watch the movie....the movie looked stunning!!! Vivid colors,and very sharp picture then the fun started.Around the time of the one tree attack a menu popped up with a time line and a picture of the start of the scene,then like magic it was gone...then it was back again....then it was gone..This went on through the rest of movie!! In an attempt to troubleshoot the problem I removed the disc,powered down,then powered up,and started another movie(pirates 1) then stopped it and removed Pirates 1 from my player and reinserted Avatar which, then jumped to the exact spot in the movie where I removed it with the option to \\"Resume the movie from here?\\" Yes or No? Another thing I noticed is that my player no longer says HELLO on the display when it's powered up but does still say bye when powered down.So even though the movie is good I have to give the disc a 2 stars rating just because it acted weird on my player. After I post this, I'll also post a picture of a scene with that menu in it ...maybe there's a fix for it but I think it's the disc. I would really like to know if others are having this problem...please comment.<br /><br />THIS IS AN UPDATE: Pioneer came out with a new firmware update this week sometime between,O4/26/10 and 04/30/10.It has totally fixed the problem...Seems weird that the firmware is going to need to be updated every time a new movie comes out.Anyway it was my player and not the Disc...Way to go Pioneer!!I am changing my review to 5 stars....Awesome clarity and sound!to 5 stars....Awesome clarity and sound!
B002QW7AJY|5.0|Simply one of the greatest sci-fi films involving space I have seen in a long time. Great acting, great characters, great scenes, the atmosphere of the ship in this movie is just amazing. If you like films such as Alien, Mission to Mars, The Event Horizon and Resident Evil(same director), then you'll enjoy this film. Starts off a little slow, then progresses at a great pace to an ending that personally blew my mind. Great quality for a Blu-Ray as well and at the price you can find it on Amazon it's a great deal.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I bought the movie for a birthday gift.  The birthday girl really wanted it on Blu-Ray.  Cool.  A win-win for everyone...  except that I had to buy a DVD that I will never, ever watch because the family now has the Blu-Ray!  And this is the ONLY way I could get the Blu-Ray version!  I haven't even removed the cellophane wrapper -- in fact, I haven't even seen the movie -- and I am still going to give this product a one-star rating.    I don't care about the reviewers that slam this review because I'm not reviewing the movie itself.  I don't care about the reviewers that slam this review because I'm not reviewing the quality of the video itself, or the audio, or the price, or the cool cardboard sleeve.  Slam me or don't slam me.  I'm giving this item one star because of the marketing ploy behind the sale of the movie.  And every time I am forced to buy one item to get another, I will also rate it in a similar manner.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I understand it is business, but in business you learn you can't keep ripping off your customers and get repeat business.    No director commentary or behind the scenes anything on it. I can accept it isn't 3D. I can accept it isn't an extended edition. I can't accept there are 0 extras. I am tired of buying the same movie 4X. That is the last 20. fox is getting from me.
B000YAA68C|5.0|Great seller.  Worked with me when I sent him the incorrect address.  No problems, would purchase from him again. Thank you.
B002ZFQD04|4.0|Excellent, as all of Madonna's concert DVD releases have been since the Drowned World tour (but why no Re-Invention tour DVD?) Only drawback is that she releases her concert DVD/CD's a bit too long after the actual tour. There's also no need for a separate audio CD--we all know that, as much as we love her, her singing voice (especially live) isn't her strong point. But then again a double CD/DVD will make more money for our girl.
0066620996|5.0|This book is vey well written. It gave me great insight on what the differences between a good and a great company are.
B000069HKH|5.0|The song You're Missing, WOW, what a touching song!  I have to say, that is pure beauty in remembrance of those who have passed on.
B00361DR4Q|5.0|Best opera I have ever seen on my TV monitor. The picture was excellent and cast one of the kinds. Singers and orchestra, top rated #1. Will recommend this Blu-Ray DVD.
B000NQRE0K|5.0|The bluray quality is awesome. If you love this movie, you need to get the bluray version. It is worth it.
B001HQZJP2|5.0|I have the Mummy (original) in VHS since in the 90's I forgot, but I enjoyed the first and second series of the Mummy but they ruined the 3rd Mummy with having \\"Maria Bello\\"  as Evy O'Connell.     -First of all without the original Rachel Weisz, you know that the Mummy Series has died (if you watched the BEST 2 original prior and fan of that).   -Second, Maria did some ok acting (in the first scene where she sits with Brandon was really awkward)its like Rick had divorced Evy and married a \\"uptight rick snob\\" Evy   but I'm sorry she ruined it for me.   -Third, Why does happen in China? I mean the Mummy setting is usually somewhere in North Africa or Middle East (I hoped it was in the third one not the Far East)  -Fourth, Brendan Fraser and John Hannah was the best actor and continuing actors in the Mummy Series (I excluded Rachel Weisz just because she didn't sign on for the third one)  -Fifth, The Emperor is not a Mummy, he's a Mud Soldier (Terra Cotta) so its not the Mummy unless Imhotep stops by and controls the Emperor's Soldier (haha yeah right)   -Sixth, I forgot to mention more actors in the first Mummy, Kevin James O'Connor (Beni) and Omid Djalili (fat Warden) was the most funniest people I ever heard and seen in the Mummy    But enough complains about the Mummy 3    Overall: Great Purchase, beats buying separate (well its common sense), other Retail stores, this is needed in your Blu-Ray collection (A MUST HAVE!), and the third one was just absolutely horrible to watch!
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|I have just managed to watch the first movie in this set (haven't got to the remaining ones yet). Unbelievably awesome. I feel like if I touch my screen, I will be pulled into the movie. Awesome bluray. Worth the money spent.
B001CWOCUO|5.0|This is such a great concert it's hard to put in a few words. It's very well done, the songs are very awesome, Rihanna deserves all the attention she is getting... wish I could say the same about her latest album \\"Rated R\\" which only has a few good songs on it. This DVD/Blue Ray is absolutely awesome, if you're a fan, you gotta have it, the whole concert from start to finish is SUPERB, watched it so many times...
B0036EBARO|3.0|On a first listen, Head First sounds like an 80s dance album stuck in a time-capsule.  It might've been ahead of its time had it come out twenty-some years ago, but it has a distinct quality of sounding slightly defunct.  Cliché comparisons notwithstanding, within the first few seconds each track brings to mind one to three familiar songs from the 80s or early 90s from which it sounds derivative.  It's not to be dismissed as just a casual pop-dance album, either.  Though nearly all of the songs are dance-y, none of them prove to be great dance music.  Pick almost any track from their second two albums and you select a great party tune.  Not so here.    This is not to say that none of the songs have genuine content, or that this fun experiment is devoid of listening pleasure.  The most successful tracks' development seems to rely less on synth pop texture and more on Goldfrapp's soaring, surreal voice and Gregory's intellectual mini-studies in harmonic progression.  This can most clearly be heard in `Believer,' which I believe is the most successful overall along with `Rocket.'  It's not that this should come as a surprise.  Goldfrapp's voice and Gregory's harmonies  and subtle buildup of structure have been the backbone of their most successful work beginning in Felt Mountain, e.g. `Lovely Head' and `Deep Honey.'  Many of even Goldfrapp's best dance songs from the past, such as `Strict Machine,' `Ooh la la,' etc., have suffered from a lack of musical development.  These have a rounded binary form with the introductory music serving as a teaser until we get to the interesting material, which is repeated often and doesn't change much.  At the end of a few tracks we get an improvisational treat, such as at the end of `Ride a White Horse,' but not on this album.  The end of `Rocket' has a launch sequence that seems more quaint than genuinely appealing. `Hunt' seems to have something interesting to say but never quite breaks out of its shell.  `Voicething' is exactly asits title sounds - a bizarre voice experiment that ends up being almost aurally offensive.      The last experimental album they made, Seventh Tree, was also not without troubles.  Many songs proved a noble effort to blend folk traditions with the futuristic sound Goldrapp brought with Felt Mountain, but I felt like that paganistic go-round was largely unsuccessful.  A few tracks were notable, such as `Happiness' and `Cologne, Cerrone, Houdini,' as having an integrated, polished sound.  Head First seems to lack any such standouts.  `Rocket' and `Believer' are contenders, but I claim they fall short due to the somewhat facile template their synth beats supply.       Though some may claim this album is unabashedly optimistic and euphoric in its pop synth and free-spirit lyrics, unfortunately, I feel like this was a delightful experiment grown out of a jam session at the end of an 80s party.  It feels like something that would've been released to friends to laugh about and dance to at future gatherings, not the new flagship record of a venerable duo.  I'm not saying they ought to apologize for it, but it just seems a tad embarrassing, like showing cell-phone party video on youtube.  It may be an album more fun to listen to than Seventh Tree, but it feels less genuine and less bold an excursion. I think it's a shame, because Goldrapp's and Gregory's cleverness does still shine through, it's just that I wish they would've been a little more committed in their undertaking.
B003HYNB34|4.0|This does bode well of the energy of the new Doctor.  There were a couple of edit errors in the video, and the plot took the long way around to solve the problem; but I think it was a good first episode.  Also the bonus, not since Zoe have we had such nice legs!    This format also lets me see the Doctor at less cost than cable.
B0035WTE2U|1.0|As a matter of principle, AC/DC refuses to release a greatest hits collection. They refuse to distribute their songs individually on iTunes. Then, they release another movie soundtrack which is a compilation of a handful of their popular songs.    This was another business decision. This is a greatest hits album. A poor one.
B002ZG9968|5.0|I actually saw this movie today and I loved it. It was fun and it made me laugh. I had a great time. I've never been a big JoL fan but I thought she was cute and likeable. Alex O'Laughlin was funny and romantic without being over the top. They had very good chemistry together and the movie was well worth the money I paid to see it. I will buy the DVD when it comes out.
B000EQ5SR0|3.0|It seems that every hot actress needs to star in at least one comic-book or sci-fi action flick to show of her athleticism, long legs, perfect tone and great figure.  Angelina Jolie had Tomb Raider, Halle Berry had Catwoman, Pamela Andersen had Barb Wire, and now Charlize Theron has Aeon Flux.  Fortunately, this one is actually very good.  Set in the distant future on an Earth decimated by a plague, Ms. Theron plays the title character, an assassin of incredible skill, beauty and ruthlessness.  The movie is about her latest mission, and how her discoveries on this mission change her and mankind.  This movie is based of a comic-book, which I have not read, so I have no comment on how faithful this film is to the original story.  However, I can say the movie is quite good, with great special effects, a plot that was original compared to other action flicks, and Ms. Theron was aptly displayed.  Overall, a very entertaining movie.
0451457994|5.0|This was another book on the list of books I should have read, but I just haven't. I remember as a kid watching the movie in class, but I was a punk so I didn't really pay attention to it. I should have!    2001 is a book about the progression of man. The book starts by taking us back 3 million years ago to a time when apes were evolving into man (man-apes). This is a time when our ancestors make a significant evolutionary step, the step when we truly become human, we develop an imagination. An alien race has helped us evolve, without the monolith that was discovered by a man-ape dubbed 'Moon Watcher' who knows where we would be, perhaps nowhere.    Well, another alien artifact was discovered, but this one was uncovered on the moon. This time a man named Dr. David Bowman is the center-piece in a new dawning of man.    Like the reviewer just before me said, for some reason this book seems oddly plausible, eerily plausible considering how non-plausible it sounds when you simply summarize the plot. Clarke just writes so well.    This book is absolutely amazing. Clarke writes in a very succinct, accessible prose. Rendezvous With Rama was originally my favorite Clarke novel but 2001: A Space Odyssey has taken that place.     When I find a better space sci-fi book I'll remove this line. Until then, 2001 is now my all-time favorite space sci-fi book.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|The first day I received the DVD I watched about 1 hour and the Blu Ray was very clear and had great color. I tried to watch the rest of the movie today and the screen had an error message stating that my Samsung DVD player needed to be upgraded.  What is this?  I purchased the DVD player less than 2 months ago.  The plain DVD works in my player but it is not as colorful as the Blu Ray version.<br />I am returning this DVD to Amazon for a refund.  I have played dozens of other newly released Blu Ray discs and not experienced this problem.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Henrik Vanger, in his eighties, longs to know the identity of the person who every year on his birthday sends him a single exotic species of flower - a flower that renews memories of a niece long ago missing and presumed dead.<br /><br />Carl Blomkvist, thirtyish, values journalistic integrity above all else, but he's facing ninety days in jail and a 150,000 fine, all because he, a respected publisher, has been convicted of libel.<br /><br />Lisbeth Salander, twenty-four, a private investigator who, despite her anti-social behavior, her boss has come to value as the most able operator he's ever had.<br /><br />Three characters, yes, but of them the real gem is Lispeth, pale, pierced, anorexic, hostile, and so much more. Her story is...unfinished...and the author, darn it, leaves it that way.<br /><br />Judge for yourself: Lisbeth, as summarized by her boss the first time he sees her -<br /><br />\\"She looked like she just emerged from a week-long orgy with a gang of hard rockers.\\"<br /><br />Lisbeth: hair \\"short as a fuse;\\" a pierced nose and eyebrows; a wasp tattoo on her shoulder; red hair died black; and a tattoo of a dragon on her back. But despite these disfigurings, under it all, a beauty. She's attractive, both to her tough old boss and to the reader, neither of whom can fail to be mesmerized by this dynamic enigma of a child-woman who through it all displays what could be under-described as, \\"a rather trying attitude.\\"<br /><br />Putting it mildly.<br /><br />There is more, much more to Lisbeth. She is rich beyond measure as a character, but as the plot proceeds to gain and lose and then regain momentum, the author withholds her. We get small bits here and there as Carl Blomkvist meets her. They become associates in the search for answers to Henrik Vanger's questions. Carl begins to fall for her, and we begin to see the full scope of Lisbeth's amazing...<br /><br />I better stop telling about her right here.<br /><br />Despite dragging at times as Larsson digs into the often mundane intimate details of his characters' lives, and overlooking the fact that the author never really delivers a denouement between the two principle characters, this novel still adds up to a stellar read. Thank God the second book will continue the story. I've got to see what happens with Lisbeth and Carl.<br /><br />Art Tirrell is the author of The Vitaman Effectd overlooking the fact that the author never really delivers a denouement between the two principle characters, this novel still adds up to a stellar read. Thank God the second book will continue the story. I've got to see what happens with Lisbeth and Carl.     Art Tirrell is the author of The Vitaman Effect
B0035J6TA8|1.0|Typical for Peter G.s works are two or three truly moving tracks with really rich sound texture, but this one - no - can't say I found any single track that moved me to hit the repeat button. These seemed more a bunch of left over ramblings of the artist published to get something on the shelf somewhere. There isn't anything on this work even approaching the calibur of Steam or The Tower that ate People. I'd advise you to skip it.
B002SJIO5E|1.0|Save your time and money. This movie is all about saying the \\"F\\" word 2000 times, along with a lot of bad people and aliens. Disgusting!!
B0031S4K5E|5.0|Hayao Miyazaki is one of those rare directors who can take the magic of nature and childhood, then somehow capture it for the screen.<br /><br />And his tenth Ghibli movie \\"Ponyo\\" is no exception -- it's a reimagined tale of a \\"little mermaid\\" who wants to become human so she can be with a little human boy she loves. It's a simple story told in a simple manner (occasionally TOO simple), but it has a lush oceanic beauty and an innocent sweetness that really capture your heart and imagination.<br /><br />A little boy named Sosuke finds a tiny \\"goldfish\\" with a human face on a beach, trapped in a bottle. He names her Ponyo, and goes to great lengths to care for his little fishy friend.<br /><br />But then the sea wizard Fujimoto, Ponyo's overprotective dad, appears and snatches Ponyo back into the sea -- and she decides that she wants to become human so she can be with Sosuke. Having tasted a bit of Sosuke's blood, she sprouts chickenleggy limbs and starts to change, but inadvertently disrupts a magical well that causes the moon to drop, the seas to rise over the land, and prehistoric magic to rise once more.<br /><br />Sosuke and Ponyo are delighted to be reunited, despite the raging storm that is engulfing the city and causing ships to go missing. While the children go searching for Sosuke's missing mother, Fujimoto struggles to fix the balance of nature before the entire world is destroyed, with the help of Ponyo's sea goddess mother. The only hope of restoring balance lies in Ponyo and Sosuke -- and if Sosuke's love is not true, then Ponyo will be reduced to sea foam.<br /><br />Compared to Miyazaki's other movies, \\"Ponyo\\" is a very simple story -- it's basically a boy-meets-fishgirl story, with lots of children running around being adorable and exquisite looks at the sea. Even its theme is simple -- the story is dependent on on true selfless love and how it knows no boundaries of age, experience or even species. Not to mention parents letting go of their children.<br /><br />If there's a downside to the story, it's the lack of internal conflict. Example: the \\"test\\" that Fujimoto and the sea goddess use for Sosuke... well, it's far less impressive than it seems.<br /><br />And Miyazaki does not disappoint animationwise -- he conjures a waterworld of luminous sea life, sparkling ships, prehistoric creatures, finned submarines and a town that has been swallowed by the sea (complete with boats floating over the rooftops). It's an exquisite piece of work that turns the ocean into a magical, otherworldly realm where wizards work in coral-encrusted towers and shimmering jellyfish take little mermaids to the surface.<br /><br />Ponyo herself provides a lot of the movie's charm -- she's effusive, hyperactive, has a babylike fascination with the human world (\\"HAM!\\"), and an array of handy magical powers. Sosuke is a likable lad who is fascinated by Ponyo and her world, and Fujimoto makes a enjoyable anti-hero -- spindly, gaunt and with a mane of messy red hair, he's like a rock'n'roll embodiment of parental stress.<br /><br />As for this particular edition, it comes with a plushie \\"fish\\" Ponyo -- very cute and fuzzy, and an appropriate addition to the DVD. After all, if it's more childlike, why not include a toy?<br /><br />\\"Ponyo\\" is simpler and more childlike fare than most of Miyazaki's past films, but it's still a sweet and lushly-animated piece of work. At the very least, it will transport you to a magical childhood.tory, it's the lack of internal conflict. Example: the \\"test\\" that Fujimoto and the sea goddess use for Sosuke... well, it's far less impressive than it seems.     And Miyazaki does not disappoint animationwise -- he conjures a waterworld of luminous sea life, sparkling ships, prehistoric creatures, finned submarines and a town that has been swallowed by the sea (complete with boats floating over the rooftops). It's an exquisite piece of work that turns the ocean into a magical, otherworldly realm where wizards work in coral-encrusted towers and shimmering jellyfish take little mermaids to the surface.     Ponyo herself provides a lot of the movie's charm -- she's effusive, hyperactive, has a babylike fascination with the human world (\\"HAM!\\"), and an array of handy magical powers. Sosuke is a likable lad who is fascinated by Ponyo and her world, and Fujimoto makes a enjoyable anti-hero -- spindly, gaunt and with a mane of messy red hair, he's like a rock'n'roll embodiment of parental stress.     As for this particular edition, it comes with a plushie \\"fish\\" Ponyo -- very cute and fuzzy, and an appropriate addition to the DVD. After all, if it's more childlike, why not include a toy?    \\"Ponyo\\" is simpler and more childlike fare than most of Miyazaki's past films, but it's still a sweet and lushly-animated piece of work. At the very least, it will transport you to a magical childhood.
0385736002|5.0|This book simply was the best book (and series) I've ever read, It's well paced and is very catchy. I would diffidently buy this book.
1593081251|5.0|One of the Dashwood daughters is smart, down-to-earth and sensible. The other is wildly romantic and sensitive.<br /><br />And in a Jane Austen novel, you can guess that there are going to be romantic problems aplenty for both of them -- along with the usual entailment issues, love triangles, sexy bad boys and societal scandals. \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is a quietly clever, romantic little novel that builds up to a dramatic peak on Marianne's romantic troubles, while also quietly exploring Elinor's struggles.<br /><br />When Mr. Dashwood dies, his entire estate is entailed to his weak son John and snotty daughter-in-law Fanny. His widow and her three daughters are left with little money and no home.<br /><br />Over the next few weeks, the eldest daughter Elinor begins to fall for Fanny's studious, quiet brother Edward... but being the down-to-earth one, she knows she hasn't got a chance. Her impoverished family soon relocates to Devonshire, where a tiny cottage is being rented to them by one of Mrs. Dashwood's relatives -- and Marianne soon attracts the attention of two men. One is the quiet, much older Colonel Brandon, and the other is the dashing and romantic Willoughby.<br /><br />But things begin to spiral out of control when Willoughby seems about to propose to Marianne... only to abruptly break off his relationship with her. And during a trip to London, both Elinor and Marianne discover devastating facts about the men they are in love with -- both of them are engaged to other women. And after disaster strikes the Dashwood family, both the sisters will discover what real love is about...<br /><br />At its heart, \\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is about two girls with completely opposite personalities, and the struggle to find love when you're either too romantic or too reserved for your own good. As well as, you know, the often-explored themes in Austen's novels -- impoverished women's search for love and marriage, entailment, mild scandal, and the perils of falling for a sexy bad boy who cares more for money than for true love... assuming he even knows what true love is.<br /><br />Austen's formal style takes on a somewhat more melancholy flavor in this book, with lots of powerful emotions and vivid splashes of prose (\\"The wind roared round the house, and the rain beat against the windows\\"); and she introduces a darker tone near the end. Still, there's a slight humorous tinge to her writing, especially when she's gently mocking Marianne and Mrs. Dashwood's melodrama (\\"They gave themselves up wholly to their sorrow, seeking increase of wretchedness in every reflection that could afford it\\").<br /><br />And Marianne and Elinor make excellent dual heroines for this book -- that still love and cherish each other, even though their polar opposite personalities frequently clash. What's more, they each have to become more like the other before they can find happiness. There's also a small but solid supporting cast -- the hunting-obsessed Sir John, the charming Willoughby (who has some nasty stuff in his past), the emotional Mrs. Dashwood, and the gentle, quiet Colonel Brandon, who shows his love for Marianne in a thousand small ways.<br /><br />\\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is an emotionally powerful, beautifully written tale about two very different sisters, and the rocky road to finding a lasting love. Not as striking as \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" but still a deserving classic.a sexy bad boy who cares more for money than for true love... assuming he even knows what true love is.<br /><br />Austen's formal style takes on a somewhat more melancholy flavor in this book, with lots of powerful emotions and vivid splashes of prose (\\"The wind roared round the house, and the rain beat against the windows\\"); and she introduces a darker tone near the end. Still, there's a slight humorous tinge to her writing, especially when she's gently mocking Marianne and Mrs. Dashwood's melodrama (\\"They gave themselves up wholly to their sorrow, seeking increase of wretchedness in every reflection that could afford it\\").<br /><br />And Marianne and Elinor make excellent dual heroines for this book -- that still love and cherish each other, even though their polar opposite personalities frequently clash. What's more, they each have to become more like the other before they can find happiness. There's also a small but solid supporting cast -- the hunting-obsessed Sir John, the charming Willoughby (who has some nasty stuff in his past), the emotional Mrs. Dashwood, and the gentle, quiet Colonel Brandon, who shows his love for Marianne in a thousand small ways.<br /><br />\\"Sense and Sensibility\\" is an emotionally powerful, beautifully written tale about two very different sisters, and the rocky road to finding a lasting love. Not as striking as \\"Pride and Prejudice,\\" but still a deserving classic.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I am one of the people that saw Avatar in the theater Wow, I loved it.  This release is for people who love a great movie, with a good ending of the story.  If you love the movie, you'll love and appreciate having such a magnificent, high definition at  movie home.  I am happy with Avatar.  [[ASIN:1432747797 The Passionate Lover: How to Keep Your Relationship Alive]]<br />  Author Joe Tango,<br />[...]
B002VPE1B6|5.0|If your a Huge Sci-Fi Fan then this movie is a must. If you dont care alot for CG like me, Then this Movie probably will turn the table around for you like me becuase it's the best Most life like CG to date and I mean it looks great. The Plot is great, acting is supurb its a long movie but dosent feel so becuase your so drawn into it you dont even notice. Get this Movie. Its the best movie I think of All of 2009 and 2010 to date.
B0011KQSZ4|4.0|Death at a Funeral, directed by Frank Oz, is a well made entertaining comedy, even if it about the odd circumstances around a family funeral. The film is about a funeral of a senior member of a wacky family. The comedy is full of misunderstandings, mistaken identities, slap-stick, and odd twists of fate.  The cast is excellent. Playing the role of one of the sons of the deceased, Matthew MacFadyen, is the anchor for the entire movie. He is the son whom everyone depends upon and thus when things start to fall apart at the funeral, it is to this son that everyone looks for help. A second playboy brother, played by Rupert Graves, is soon involved in the plot twists. A mysterious visitor to the funeral, played by Peter Dinklage elevates the mishaps and intrigue. Probably the most unique performance is that of Alan Tudyk, who mistakes a hallucinogen for valium and provides some of the most unusual scenes in the film, including climbing on the roof while nude. The film is 88 minues long which is just enough to keep the humor fresh.
B00319ECHE|5.0|I, like many other Fear Factory fans who have commented here, highly favored Demanufacture and Obsolete. Every album after Obsolete was a huge dissapointment for me. That is until now. Mechanized is totally bad a$$. I can see myself replaying this over and over, which is the test of a good album. For any Fear Factory fan you will be very satisfied as this album, while not as much synth/tech as I would prefer, is still totally great and is back to the way FF should be IMHO. Awesome riffs, chorus's back to nice dark harmony's. Burton has a great voice still. Thank G-D Dino came back. Now that brings up one major complaint. The one anti-Christ song really is a downer because it is one of their if not their best song on this album. The opening and closing of Christploitation is kick butt and killer. But why go there? I mean I agree with many of their points about organized religion but still, why offend a large majority of your fan base by spitting in their face? But otherwise, Burton and Dino have come back with a vengance. Props to Gene and Byron as well I can't wait to see them on tour.
B00371QQ2U|3.0|Great movie first.    While this does get lossless audio and a higher bitrate than the HD-DVD, the amount of noise reduction has reduced the overall detail.  If you have the HD-DVD, keep it.
1595141715|5.0|I've been teaching English for nine years, and I've NEVER seen the kind of response to any book as I've seen with this one.  My fellow English teachers and I have students and entire classes begging to READ this!  I have fellow teachers asking to borrow a copy and older students angry that we didn't teach it last year.  This book speaks to teenagers like no other I've ever experienced.  It does not merely appeal to males or females, but transcends both genders.  There are so many wonderful life lessons that this book explores without being preachy or condescending.  It actually SHOWS teenagers the consequences and results of their actions and inactions and makes them THINK and EVALUATE their own attitudes, beliefs about each other, and actions toward others.  I recommend this book to anyone, but I encourage secondary school teachers to BEG for class sets to share with their students.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|James Cameron is a top-notch filmmaker who never does anything small.  In terms of special effects, Avatar is the greatest film every produced.  While the CGI still doesn't look like real-life, it's closer than anything else ever attempted, and it is offered with excellent Blu-Ray video and Dolby DTS audio.  Although the film is long (and apparently will get longer in an upcoming director's cut), it doesn't seem that way because it is so well paced.  A problem with fantasy/science fiction is maintaining plausibility, but Avatar does that well despite the heavy fantasy.    Stephen Lang is a marvelous actor who deserves better recognition than he receives.  He does accents very well and inevitably becomes his character, as he did in Gettysburg playing George Pickett, in Gods and Generals as Stonewall Jackson, or playing a New York police detective in The Bronx is Burning.  He did well here until . . .  Read on.    However, when it comes to the film's story line, let's face it:  Avatar is Dancing With Wolves on CGI steroids.  DWW works well because it looks back at what happened and handles it with reasonable historical accuracy.  Avatar looks forward in time and concludes that the white power structure (STILL white after all those years?) is worse than ever.  Not only have those evil-doers raped Planet Earth barren, they want to steal everything from those nature-lovin' Na'vis and don't by God give a damn what happens to the dumb \\"savages\\" in the process.  Giovanni Ribisi's Norm Spellman is a stereotype who seems 300 years out of date.  Even Lang's Col. Quaritch becomes more and more of a caricature as the movie progresses.  At the climax, his question to Sully on how it feels to \\"betray his race\\" only lacks a burning cross and pointy, white hat.  The Southern accent was present and accounted for.  Cameron has not been known as a director known for infusing political viewpoints in his films, but he certainly did here.  It would have been nice had taken into account the social changes of the last sixty years when predicting the future.    On the other hand, he may not have had a movie.  Avatar is, of course, just a movie, and it's an entertaining one despite its heavy-handed message.  I can't read his mind, but Cameron may well have said to himself, \\"Let's go with the 'in' topic because it will make me a LOT more money.\\"  He sure succeeded.
0385528752|5.0|Great book about 3 aspects of change: Logic (the rider) / Emotion (the elephant) / and the Path (the situation). Talks about how to use each to affect change.<br /><br />Gives lots of practical advice & techniques, including how and when to use them. Also stories of people using these techniques. Plus the studies where the knowledge came from. It's not just the author's opinion.<br /><br />Very enjoyable read.
B002VECM72|5.0|Sandra Bullock deserves the awards she got for this role!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Great movie and inspiring story...truly a movie anyone should add to their collection......
B001UJUGZY|5.0|It is mysterious and intriguing. Jess' husband, Ryan and his ex-con brother, Roman are in a car accident. Roman wakes from his coma and claims to be Jess' husband, Ryan. It takes a lot of convincing on Roman's part, but Ryan's personality quirks are showing through and other hints of memory set up prior seem to indicate that Roman is now Ryan. When Jess begins to trust him and becomes pregnant, though, she starts having doubts. Roman had always liked Jess, and now his ex-girlfriend has gone missing. Does Roman have something to do with her disappearance? Then, Jess finds the broken chain of her necklace that Roman said he had repaired and a box of mementos that Roman could be passing off as Ryan's memories. The ending is okay, nothing spectacular. I like the alternate ending better.
B000B8QG0O|3.0|I was under the idea this was to be new and in original case and packaging. That is what I wanted. It came in plain black plastic case and no wrapping.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I watched this movie for free on YouTube, and it is fantastic. I decided to buy it, since the resolution on YouTube is not adequate for quality viewing, and this is a movie I want to see again. At first, I was turned off by the inappropriate dinner table conversation and foul language at the beginning of the film, but it really displays the disfunctionality of the family, which is important to the plot. The mother especially comes across as cold. In fact, I cannot think of any wasteful moments in this movie that do not further the plot. Everything is relevant, which is very much a schizophrenic experience; this movie is a wonderful insider view of the schizophrenic mind. I could really relate to the main character, although most schizophrenics don't act on their thoughts by becoming violent. The twist ending is really satisfying. I was imagining that this movie would be bloody, but it isn't. It isn't quite a psychological thriller, either, just a really good, strange movie that makes you think.
B0009MAO46|3.0|I was under the idea this was to be new and in original case and packaging. That is what I wanted. It came in plain black plastic case and no wrapping.
0446563048|4.0|Delivering Happiness is part biography, part management/strategy, part philosophy and self-help.  It's a quick read, but the first 30 pages of the book devoted to Tony Hsieh's adolescent life are not all that interesting.  In fact, it's a downright ordinary life for an Asian American.  Only after he starts to describe his life at Harvard does the book starts to capture one's interest.  I thought that the section where he compares poker to business enlightening as it can also be true for investing.  I guess that's why so many great investors are also card players.  One characteristic of Tony that you immediately notice is how lazy he can be, especially when it has anything to do with the things he's bored with.  It's a bit surprising that he got into Harvard with such an attitude.  That behavior carried into his career later at his first start-up, LinkExchange.  Like a typical serial entrepreneur, he lives off the excitement of the chase.  It makes one wonder how long he will stay at Zappos after it's well established?  Especially now that it's sold to Amazon.<br /><br />The crux of his philosophy is that a company's culture = people = brand.  Hardly original but it's interesting how far they've been able to make it work at Zappos.  They do it with their 10 core values.<br /><br />Deliver WOW through service<br />Embrace and drive change<br />Create fun and a little weirdness<br />Be adventurous, creative, and open minded<br />Pursue growth and learning<br />Build open and honest relationships with communication<br />Build a positive team and family spirit<br />Do more with less<br />Be passionate and determined<br />Be humble<br /><br />After reading the book I have more questions than answers.  First, how much of Tony's success is due to luck?  The road to entrepreneurial success is littered with people who are just as smart, ambitious, hard-working and tenacious.  The casualty rates are very high.  In fact, Zappos almost went under in the beginning if not for the willingness of Tony to \\"bet the farm\\" on it's survival.  Most \\"smart\\" entrepreneurs would not have done such a foolish thing.  It's not rational, but he did.<br /><br />Second, can you actually transfer core values?  I think the answer is no.  Companies have a way of adopting the ethos of their founders or whoever is running it.  That's why Apple is Steve Jobs .  That's why Google is Sergey and Larry.  Those 10 core values are a derivative of Tony Hsieh.  Sure, you may say that it's a collaborative patchwork of employee inputs, but ultimately it's more of a reflection/by-product of Tony and his values.<br /><br />That's not to say the someone can't get good ideas from his book, you just have to adapt it to fit your organization and your ethos.<br /><br />After reading the book you have a sense of admiration for Tony and the employees at Zappos.  They have overcome enormous odds.  It's also not hard to imagine, even without taking one of their famous company tours that the company is stocked with extroverts.  It would seem that someone who's an introvert would have a hard time fitting into their outgoing and sunny disposition driven culture.<br /><br />Finally, there have been plenty of studies that have shown that people who are happy are more willing to take risks than those who are not.  I hope that Tony would keep this in mind going forward as some of his decisions earlier in his career can clearly be thought as being reckless.st \\"smart\\" entrepreneurs would not have done such a foolish thing.  It's not rational, but he did.    Second, can you actually transfer core values?  I think the answer is no.  Companies have a way of adopting the ethos of their founders or whoever is running it.  That's why Apple is Steve Jobs .  That's why Google is Sergey and Larry.   Those 10 core values are a derivative of Tony Hsieh.  Sure, you may say that it's a collaborative patchwork of employee inputs, but ultimately it's more of a reflection/by-product of Tony and his values.    That's not to say the someone can't get good ideas from his book, you just have to adapt it to fit your organization and your ethos.    After reading the book you have a sense of admiration for Tony and the employees at Zappos.  They have overcome enormous odds.  It's also not hard to imagine, even without taking one of their famous company tours that the company is stocked with extroverts.  It would seem that someone who's an introvert would have a hard time fitting into their outgoing and sunny disposition driven culture.    Finally, there have been plenty of studies that have shown that people who are happy are more willing to take risks than those who are not.   I hope that Tony would keep this in mind going forward as some of his decisions earlier in his career can clearly be thought as being reckless.
B001OQCV6K|5.0|I love the movie.  very entertaining, lots of action and comedy as well.  Both of these actors are great and work together so good.  The sets, backgrounds are so genuine to the time period.
B003F3NDOO|4.0|Courteney Cox shines as Jules Cobb. Jules is a recently divorced woman in her 40's who is getting pushed into the dating scene by her much younger assistant. Jules wants companionship but like many of us realizes that there aren't many dating opportunities if you stick with men your own age, especially since they often prefer barely legal hotties. So, she gets pushed into dating younger men. The writers did a great job setting up the silliness of how difficult women make dating younger men while older men feel right at home dating younger women. It's funny because it pokes fun at the truth.  The show  isn't just about this though. It grows into having some underlying themes of what we want and settling. I think some of the funniest moments are the trials that Jules and her ex put their child through.      While I thought the first several episodes of Cougar Town were over the top corny I'm glad I kept watching because by the end of the season I was cracking up. The writing is fast paced, funny, and edgy at the same time. The acting while over the top in the beginning really hits it's mark by the end of season 1.     I have to admit that I originally would have canned this show but it radically improved during the season and now I can't wait for season 2 to start.
B001NFNFNA|3.0|I didn't really enjoy this movie too much.  It does show how women were treated not so long ago.  Don't really know what to say.  I watched it so long ago.
B003F3NDWG|5.0|Season 2 is brimming with even more of the quick whit and snarkiness that made season 1 such a hit. The dynamic chemistry of crime writer Rick Castle (Nathan Fillion) working with Detective Kate Becket (Stana Katic) are what gives the show it's edge.  Granted the comedic timing of every character on the show is dead on and makes the show even edgier; you just never know who's going to deliver the next great line.     One of the reasons the show stays fresh is that it isn't just about the \\"crime\\" it's also got Rick Castles family. Castes family throws in another wrench that always adds either hilarity, perverseness, clarity, or something to spin Castles life out of control. It gives more depth to each episode.     Showing Castle in the role of father and son has been a fabulous choice because without that dimension he'd just be another cute, fun, jerk. The writers utilize his family not only to move the story line along but also to build depth and sustenance to Castles character which makes him a really likable guy.     With great comedic timing, sensational acting, and terrific writing this is one of those shows you stay home to watch. It's one of the few shows where the entire cast is amazing.     They also launched the book \\"Heat Wave\\" in real life, which was a dynamic marketing strategy. Although I love the show, I didn't enjoy the book...which of course is a whole other review.
B001FB55L2|4.0|This movie was a little slow, but I think it needed to be that way to develop the characters.  Tobey McGuire was excellent and the others were too.  It shows how connected some soldiers get to the war and their fellow soldiers.  It also explores what happens at home and how they can't really understand what the soldiers go through.
0435120964|5.0|I have not had the opportunity to read the book yet, but it is in excellent condition. I look forward to reading the book.
6305212112|5.0|I love this movie.  It's an oldie, but goodie!  All the actors do an excellent job.  A great story of friendship, family, love....etc.  Would recommend to watch over and over!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|James Cameron has done it again, forget what the first reviewer here is telling you by NOT buying this movie, this movie IS WORTH EVERY PENNY, special features or not and I got my blu-ray/DVD edition for $19.99 at Wal-mart, the picture on both the DVD and Blu-ray is clear and sharp but the blu-ray presentation on a 52\\" LCD TV has to be seen to be believed, been having some technical difficulties with my surround sound system but when I did put it on, it sounded AWESOME!.<br />After seeing this, I am surprised it didn't get best picture Oscar but THE HURT LOCKER did deserve it, it was a great movie as well.<br />James Cameron did such a great job with the presentation of this movie on blu-ray, no black bars on the top or bottom of the screen, it's the way all blu-rays should present their movies, I didn't have to make any adjustments to my settings to get it that way either.<br />My only hope is that when 'TITANIC' finally makes it to Blu-ray, the same considerations are made for that movie as was for 'AVATAR' because I still cannot get over how beautiful the picture was to look at.<br />In closing, all the reviewers on here can tell you what they will about this movie but only YOU can make the final choice on whether you want it or not, make the right choice, you won't be sorry.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Great reviews for this movie.  This true story shows how people can be Christian and help others less fortunate than themselves, not knowing that it could change a life forever.  Sandra Bullock does a great job as do all the supporting actors.  This is a must-see.
B002C6K7NA|1.0|Well, they survived the plane crash, but they're not going to survive this album.  Lynyrd Skynyrd is officially D.O.A. with this sad, lame, against-everything-they-originally-stood-for scrap of garbage.  The music is weak (Southern rock, hell, this is weak country), the lyrics are a sell-out (anybody remember \\"Saturday Night Special\\" or \\"Gimmie Back My Bullets?\\"), and Ronnie Van Zandt would be ashamed of his brother for taking part in this.  I was raised on Skynyrd and have loved them for nearly four decades, and this is the first time I've been ashamed of them.      Too bad, Skynyrd.  It was good while it lasted, but it's over now.
B001UV4XUG|3.0|Cute movie to watch.  Zooey Deschanel is a darling.  The movie turns out differently than you think.
B003274QH6|5.0|I got hooked after watching one episode. I feel the acting, camera work and scripts are currently the best on television.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|I love this tv series.  I have all 4 seasons and will pre-order the 5th.  If you love stories about supernatural things, you will love this series.  lots of action and comedy.
0393072231|5.0|Now I'm better informed as to what happened to us in the financial melt down of the last two years.  Doesn't make me any less angry, but I'm a lot better informed.
096798467X|5.0|This book is an excellent guide on the path to creating your own oven.  If you are looking for detailed plans to follow step-by-step, this book will be helpful, but will likely disappoint.  If instead, you approach building your oven as you do (or should) approach making bread...as a process instead of a procedure, you will be greatly rewarded.  The author provides ample options, details, and examples to allow you to start on your journey, with an emphasis on experimenting and sourcing local materials.<br /><br />After a few nights spent reading this book, I managed to successfully build a simple test oven in about 4 hours of actual work time (5-1/2 hours total, which includes digging the clay out of the yard, picking the kids up from school, and sipping some wine once complete while the kids decorated!).  The oven physically turned out great, was easy to build, and I have learned much from the experience.  Now I am eagerly waiting for everything to dry out enough to successfully bake pizza (the April showers may be good for the garden, but haven't been helping my mud oven dry out!).<br /><br />As the author says: Experiment!  There is plenty of information to allow you to confidently get your hands dirty building a few simple ovens with minimal time and monetary investment (I spent ~$50 on a fire-brick floor, and another $15 on cement blocks so I wouldn't have to move rock for the foundation).  The major investment in these ovens is the time (labor) spent in construction, which is time well spent.  The afternoon I spent building my first oven is chalked up to experience (you cannot truly appreciate building with earth until you've squished it between your fingers and toes!), family time (my six year old twins had a *GREAT* time helping me play in the mud!), and actual productivity (I did manage to build a complete oven from start to finish in an afternoon).<br /><br />I encourage everyone to re-connect with the earth in a way most of us haven't since we were children and thought splashing in mud-puddles was fun...get this book, dig some dirt, get your hands dirty, and build something!<br /><br />If your interests extend beyond ovens, you might also want to pick up the excellent [[ASIN:1903998727 Building With Cob: A Step-by-step Guide]] by Adam Weismann & Katy Bryce.
B002ZCDR88|2.0|Dear Natalie,    I'm sorry to say that I just don't like your new album.  I didn't much like your last album either.  I expect to be ripped by some of your fans for saying this...that's OK.  They're all entitled to their own opinions.     Once upon a time your songs hit me just right.  Your voice was beautiful, and your songs rang with feeling...and the musical accompaniment was great.  I could listen to the albums over and over.  Now...well..I don't know.    Maybe you're trying too hard.  Or maybe not trying hard enough.  Have you lost interest in your work?  If so...that's OK.  You're still beautiful and smart..and I still like you...and next time I see you on stage I'm sure I'll still enjoy your unique style of dancing.  But I really wish I could enjoy your recent music...but not so.  There's just not much good music being produced these days...so I always get my hopes up when I know you're close to a new release.  It's such a disappointment.    Ophelia...where are you now that I need you?
B0035V35P8|4.0|Not the best acting or story line, but if you are in the mood for a great in your face action movie. This is it. I would also steer clear of this movie if you don't like gory movies, because there is a lot of blood. But that is really what makes the movie. I've recommended it to all of my friends, and I'd recommend it to you too.
B001O54NKS|3.0|DOKKEN UNDER LOCK AND KEY IS FOR THE PERSON WHO STILL ENJOY'S HAIR METAL BANDS OF THE 80'S.
0743487486|1.0|While this book raises some thought-provoking ideas, and deserves high marks for taking on the status quo (rather than blindly accepting it), I can't recommend it for anything beyond satisfying your own intellectual curiosity on the topic. It is simply too naive and impractical to be of much use in the real-life job of parenting. In a nutshell, this book is incredibly long on theory, and incredibly short on practical advice. That alone would steer me away from recommending it to anyone seeking something genuinely useful to apply while in the trenches of parenthood. But the flaws of this book run so much deeper than that. What Alfie Kohn would have you do is this: Cease to reward, praise or give positive feedback to your child, based on the premise that studies show that praise and rewards may thwart or inhibit the learning process. And cease to supply negative feedback either, at least if it's to take the form of punishment or \\"consequences\\" for undesirable behavior. Into this broad category, he lumps time-outs, loss of privileges, lecturing, obvious displeasure, or anything else the child might interpret as 1) diminished love by the parent, and 2) an effort to control them. And so what in Kohn's world takes the place of positive feedback and negative consequences? \\"Love\\" and \\"reason,\\" that's what. Seriously, that's about as practical as this book ever gets. You should love your kids unconditionally, and reason with them about the behavior you would like. Oh, and by the way, if they don't feel like delivering the behavior you had in mind, you should really rethink whether your expectations may be off-base, because the problem may not be your kids, but you.<br /><br />Of course there's more to it than that. But not much. What bothers me about this book is not so much that Kohn takes a radical, extremist position on how we should all be parenting our children, but that it's completely out of the context of reality. We are raising our children with the goal that they become not only ethical, kind, happy, and productive people, but also to be functioning members of society. And that society relies on a system of rewards and deterrents for behavior. To not prepare your children for the world they live in is arguably a form of abuse, no matter how well-intentioned. The reality is that other people in their lives, either now or when they're grown, will be unwilling to coddle them and \\"reason\\" with them about expectations. Good behavior will get rewarded and bad behavior will bring negative consequences, whether it is from teachers, friends, bosses, romantic partners...or legal enforcement. What is the benefit in shielding a child from this reality? Moreover, can you imagine being raised by parents who never praise you or offer any compliments? Never saying to you, \\"Good job!\\" for something that's well-done, for fear that you'll lose your intrinsic motivation? Or for parents, when your child proudly brings home an art project, and instead of saying how much you like it (even if you do), you refrain from giving feedback, but ask the child how they feel about it. All I can say is, I hope Kohn is saving lots of money from his book royalties to help pay for his kid's psychotherapy bills when they're grown. While Kohn's children are stuck being the guinea pigs for his theories, no one - including him - has any idea how they'll turn out from his parenting experiment. I shudder to think of all the parents who may be following Kohn's advice (based on the many 5-star rating here) like lemmings over a cliff. Please, think twice.ecome not only ethical, kind, happy, and productive people, but also to be functioning members of society. And that society relies on a system of rewards and deterrents for behavior. To not prepare your children for the world they live in is arguably a form of abuse, no matter how well-intentioned. The reality is that other people in their lives, either now or when they're grown, will be unwilling to coddle them and \\"reason\\" with them about expectations. Good behavior will get rewarded and bad behavior will bring negative consequences, whether it is from teachers, friends, bosses, romantic partners...or legal enforcement. What is the benefit in shielding a child from this reality? Moreover, can you imagine being raised by parents who never praise you or offer any compliments? Never saying to you, \\"Good job!\\" for something that's well-done, for fear that you'll lose your intrinsic motivation? Or for parents, when your child proudly brings home an art project, and instead of saying how much you like it (even if you do), you refrain from giving feedback, but ask the child how they feel about it. All I can say is, I hope Kohn is saving lots of money from his book royalties to help pay for his kid's psychotherapy bills when they're grown. While Kohn's children are stuck being the guinea pigs for his theories, no one - including him - has any idea how they'll turn out from his parenting experiment. I shudder to think of all the parents who may be following Kohn's advice (based on the many 5-star rating here) like lemmings over a cliff. Please, think twice.
0385341008|1.0|Want to read about a starving Nazi soldier strangling a cat, boiling it and eating it? No? How about starving Nazi soldiers using spoons to scrape the bottom of a boat to pick up any food scraps left over? How about learning that the heroine you've been rooting for all along has been killed in prison and won't return to her beloved island?<br />Neither did I. The charming and romantic parts of which there were plenty were ruined with these graphic parts. It's like serving a delicious salad with a few rotten boiled eggs and a teaspoon of spoiled salad dressing. It tastes good except for the rotten bits and in the end you are left with a bad taste in your mouth.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Excellent series. Adults & children enjoy. Too bad series didn't last longer. Movie was great also. Good service & delivery.
B0035WTE2U|1.0|AC/DC and iron man have nothing to do with one another.  Nice to see AC/DC smearing their now corperate sellout feces all over an Iron Man picture.  Plus nothing new to offer musically.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|Movie was awesome; so was the TV series. Great for adults and kids. Movie arrived quickly; good service.
B0039OGGVQ|1.0|I'll download the few songs I want with the talent singers.  F! fergie WTF SLASH!!!  This album is basically a collection of artists feat. Slash playing their own style of songs.....WTF!  Slash is getting desperate.  Not a good release.
B00127RAJY|3.0|I first borrowed this dvd from my sister in law and was impressed with how challenging it was for just a 20 minute workout.  I have since bought the dvd and have progressed to doing level 2 and additional circuits in level 3 when I want more than a 20 minute workout.  I too am annoyed that you cannot fast forward through the advertisements.  when you only have 20 minutes to workout, you don't want to waste 5 min. waiting to get through the ads.  I would give the overall workout a 4, but am not impressed with Jillian's level of fitness.  She completes a couple circuits at level 3, otherwise she is constantly stopping to point out proper technique, which I find unnecessary.  All the other exercise dvd's that I use the instructor is able to do the entire workout along with you. Her 2 \\"students\\" are more \\"shredded\\" than she is.  And her level of flexibility is pathetic.  I don't care how inflexible you are, with some consistent stretching you should be more flexible than she is.  Bottom line challenging workout, but Jillian is not a very good role model.
B0012GMUSQ|1.0|What would you need to be on to think this is a good album, or that AIC has a good album in the first place!!!  You would have to be stoned!  This album and the rest of AIC's catalog sound like the same exact song repeated 6-10 times an album.  Wake up people, you own one AIC album you've heard em all.
0765350386|4.0|This was a book I was meaning to read for several years due to the recommendations of friends before I bought it.  I'm happy to say it did indeed live up to the expectations and it's clear why so many are so fond of it.  There is nothing like an energetic fantasy to defend the genre.<br /><br />I was a little unsure as I began.  The writing was great, but the setting and characters were a little vague to be very plausible for this fantasy world.  But after a few chapters, the characters and story found their pace and so began the journey into what proved to be quite the thrilling tale that only improved as it went along. It was simple without too much \\"I'm in a fantasy novel\\" fillers, so the tale of Vin, the street urchin who discovers a remarkable skill, receives its full power and time.<br /><br />While some aspects of the story and the magic system remained vague for me, Sanderson indeed knows how to tell a good story with incredible characters. The writing was solid, its people interesting, and the pace swept along with nary a dull moment.<br /><br />I look forward to reading the next.
B0029LHW4U|1.0|This just sucks, it sounds like b-sides of other AIC songs with worse lyrics and vocals.  The magic is just not there, the vocals suck and are an insult to Alice In Chains legacy and Layne.
B0037W68F4|2.0|anyone else think this sounds like Stereo Lab? Kinda disappointing cause I loved there other stuff. Oh well:)
B00004LN16|1.0|AC/DC will sell this album simply by having the AC/DC logo on it, which is sad.  maybe they keep remaking Back in Black every two-eight years becasue no one calls it what it is.  AC/DC needs some critisism to make some good music other then another rehash of back in black riffs/sound with different lamer lyrics.
0307341569|3.0|\\"Did you see what you say you saw?\\"<br /><br />That's the key question for Libby Day as she begins the process of probing back in time, into the horrors she witnessed--or didn't--as a young child on the day her mother and two siblings were murdered in their Kansas farmhouse.  The premise of \\"Dark Places\\" is nifty.  Is Libby, as a young woman, willing to consider the possibility that she got it wrong, that the cops got it wrong, that her brother is in jail for the crimes, but shouldn't be? Libby is prodded by key members of a group known as The Kill Club, which studies cases long after they are prosecuted and take up causes if they spot irregularities. There was a bloodstain on the sheet that didn't match the family's, for instance, so how did it get there if Libby's brother Ben was the murderer?<br /><br />What makes the beginning of \\"Dark Places\\" work so well is the feisty, sharp-tongued Libby Day.  I found her likable (cynical, yes, but likable) and appreciated her situation as she reluctantly, at first, begins the search into her past.  Flynn intercuts Libby Day's progress in uncovering details with scenes from the days leading up to the murder.  What Quinn does so effectively in plotting the book is dropping simple hints from the pre-murder scenes that connect over time to Libby's progress in the present. This is a neat effect as we seem to be learning alongside her what really happened--and how various clues could make matters worse for Ben when it came time for prosecution (even though the courtroom stuff is off the page).  We get to see why Ben was considered a prime suspect--a high schooler with the reputation as a \\"perv\\" who was into heavy metal and satanic stuff.  Purple hair, etc.  When The Kill Club member floats his theory that Libby's deadbeat father \\"Runner\\" was responsible, the flashbacks help us figure out, alongside Libby's digging work in the present, that he's not a likely suspect.  Or is he? Libby heads to Oklahoma to track down and him down and find out for sure.<br /><br />The writing is straightforward, unflashy.  If anything, I found the style a bit repetitive and bland with the too-rare flash of colorful imagery: \\"The sky was draining now, the horizon a cuticle of pink.\\" It takes a long time in many scenes cut to the essence of the detail that moves the story along.<br /><br />The big letdown is the ending.  If we are so deep inside the various character's heads prior to the murder, particularly mother Patty, I felt cheated to not have been trusted with a glimpse of the desperation that would be necessary to put the murderous events in motion.  If the point of the inter-cutting between the 24 years between the events was to give the reader a chance to see what was about to happen, there is no way you could predict the from-left-field events. If they are there in the manuscript, they are beyond subtle.  Still, I found the last few scenes so implausible they overshadowed the enjoyable features of \\"Dark Places.\\"<br /><br />Three stars for okay writing and a strong character in Libby Day; two for plot.ure.      The writing is straightforward, unflashy.  If anything, I found the style a bit repetitive and bland with the too-rare flash of colorful imagery: \\"The sky was draining now, the horizon a cuticle of pink.\\" It takes a long time in many scenes cut to the essence of the detail that moves the story along.     The big letdown is the ending.  If we are so deep inside the various character's heads prior to the murder, particularly mother Patty, I felt cheated to not have been trusted with a glimpse of the desperation that would be necessary to put the murderous events in motion.  If the point of the inter-cutting between the 24 years between the events was to give the reader a chance to see what was about to happen, there is no way you could predict the from-left-field events. If they are there in the manuscript, they are beyond subtle.  Still, I found the last few scenes so implausible they overshadowed the enjoyable features of \\"Dark Places.\\"     Three stars for okay writing and a strong character in Libby Day; two for plot.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I purchased Avatar on Blu-Ray on it's release date, went home and watched it. I was very impressed. Then I bought a new 240HZ LED TV and OMG this movie is AMAZING!!! It is by far the movie to show exactly what a Blu-Ray movie should be! I really like the story, acting, oh and did I mention WOW the detail is off the charts!! This movie actually looked 3D!! My recommendation, go buy it, you won't be sorry!
B002VPE1B6|3.0|SOUTH PARK CALLS IT: DANCES WITH SMURFS!<br /><br />Okay...visually stunning, no doubt. You will be wowed! However, this is a storyline done before a million times over. There is nothing original about it. Not to mention some serious plot holes. I am also tired of humans made out to be the bad guys. As if all we do is rape and destroy not only the planet but cultures. The film reeks of Anti-American sentiments and even seems Anti-Human! There are shots taken at Capitalism left and right! I wonder just how much money James Cameron has made from me and millions of other Americans (not to mention the corporations that pay his rear end!)??? James Cameron also attacks the war on terror!!! Look at the way he portrays the \\"military\\" in this movie. Some of the dialogue just stands out like, \\"fight terror with terror\\" and \\"they are planning some big shock and awe attack\\"!<br /><br />I really wanted to like this movie! It was exciting, well acted and directed. The CGI is amazing and realistic as well! However, Cameron's assault on basically all conservative republican beliefs is ridiculous. This a movie made by a far left nutjob!<br /><br />Oh! I almost forgot...Mr. Anti-Capitalism released a crappy bare bones disc in order to get another $25 from you for the Ultimate Edition to be released for the 2010 Holidays! Way to go Jerk Cameron!<br /><br />BLU RAY THOUGHTS: Gorgeous picture and super audio. BAREBONES DISC! Final Thoughts: RENT, WAIT FOR THE ULTIMATE EDITION OF MR. ANTI-CAPITALISM'S SMURFS
B0036EH40Q|5.0|I don't understand how anyone can rate this version of the movie period, since it has not been released! When it has been released, I hope someone will review it based on how the Blu-Ray transfer is and not because it does or does not have extra or extended content!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|It's a shame that when suposedly writing a review of a movie that people write about everything but the movie, first off, Avatar is one hell of a movie, it passes so fast you don't realize the true length of it, the acting is top notch, and yes some of it is done in a sort of cartoonish way ( the evil men, are played somewhat over the top) but that only adds to bring in the viewers emotions, doesn't detract a bit, the visual effects are as stunning as anything on BLU-RAY, the depth of field allows you to see far into the picture, literally looking through your living room window, so to speak, into a magical land who's beauty is dazzling, and was apparently drawn from many of the species found under our own seas,only the new Star Trek is in the same bracket, for $19.99 this is a steal, the DVD doesn't cost much to manufacture and include, why complain about it? the release of other sets had been anounced (before this disc went on sale) you want one of the other ones, wait, let those of us that just want the movie as is, enjoy it, without your whining, I can't recommend this movie to highly, if there were 10 stars, I would have given them to it
160094048X|5.0|Awesome recipes, porn-worthy pictures and cheeky writing style makes this book a vegan must have. I've already tried 4 recipes and they are absolutely awesome. My non-vegan friends are amazed. So cheap too!
0061914177|4.0|Hi  The book is outstanding source. It is a step by step how to make what ever you decide in life, is the freedom for your personal marketing.  I recomend to everyone no matter if is a 20 years old or a 50 years old.  Everyone today need a new lesson to increase a performance on the big network.  Thanks to Gary my life has new open window.  Norberto
0691142165|5.0|It's not surprising that the reviews of this book are quite mixed since it is heavily loaded with tables and charts.  A reader has to be either a professional economist or historian or incredibly wonkish to enjoy this sort of book.  (There also appear to be complaints about the arrangements of the contents in the Kindle edition.)  I happen to be wonkish and enjoyed the book very much.  It is clearly a work of valuable economic scholarship based on many months of intensive research.  I certainly hope that economic ministers and their staff around the world read it since it can teach them valuable lessons from history.  Investors in government bonds should also read it since it might help them invest their money in safer countries.    I read this early in 2010 before the crisis in Greece blew up.  While re-reading a few passages before writing this review, I was struck by a passage in the introduction that seem relevant to the problems of Greece: \\"In fact, excessive debt burdens often generate problems in the nearer term, precisely because investors may have doubts about the country's will to finance the debt over the longer term.  The fragility of debt can be every bit as great a problem as its long-term tax burden, at times even greater.\\"  Last week, the Greek government briefly had to pay 11% interest on new 2-year bonds, more than they currently pay on their long-term bonds. The reason is that investors are currently very nervous about lending Greece any money, even for short-term periods, since they are scared that Greece will default on their loans and could force all bond-holders to convert their current bonds (even short-term bonds) to long-term bonds with low interest rates.  Investors have this fear despite the assurances of the EU and the IMF that they are going to lend money to Greece and avoid a default.    This all has valuable lessons for countries like the U.S., Great Britain, and Japan which all have excessive debt; any sudden plunge of investor confidence could have catastrophic consequences to the ability of these countries to pay their debts which could lead to defaults together with diminished economic growth for many years.  These countries really need to deal with their debt problems as soon as possible before it is too late.  Unfortunately, the discussions on Bloomberg and CNBC seem more focused on which EU countries might come under pressure if Greece defaults.  But the more important question is how much time the bigger industrialized countries have before it's their turn to pay the piper.
B001UV4XWY|2.0|I am a big Cameron Diaz fan, but this was really a disappointment. It was slow and hard to follow, I kept waiting for something bid to happen and that never happened.  It was a very \\"dark\\" movie. The review looked good and I couldn't wait to watch it, I am glad I didn't go to the show to see it.
0393964582|3.0|I read Mary Shelley's original Frankenstein for the first time after reading Peter Ackroyd's 2008 retelling of her story in [[ASIN:0385530846 The Casebook of Victor Frankenstein]].  I had not really loved Ackroyd's version despite finding it clever and well-written. I found the protagonist, Dr. Frankenstein, very unsympathetic since Ackroyd failed to account for his obsession with creating life.  The story failed to reach me emotionally despite Frankenstein's torment and emotional turmoil after his creature commits several murders and then demands that Frankenstein create a bride for him in exchange for his going far away and committing no further crimes.  Frankenstein was so unappealing, that I didn't really care about his suffering.<br /><br />So, I decided to read Shelley's version in the hope that it would be better. Unfortunately, I found that Frankenstein's inexplicable obsession is also a problem in the original. I actually like Ackroyd's version more than Shelley's.  While Shelley deserves the credit for her imaginative creation of the Frankenstein tale, her writing style is excessively romantic and melodramatic.  While that is a reflection of the dominant currents in European literature at the beginning of the 19th century, I found long stretches of her story dull and pathetic.  The best part of her version is the part when the creature narrates his life story from his birth to his reunion with Dr. Frankenstein many months later.  Ackroyd's style is obviously much more modern.<br /><br />While Shelley and Ackroyd both portray Victor Frankenstein as being distraught after each new murder committed by the creature, his emotions came too late to engender any sympathy for him on my part.  The lack of any real motivation for his obsession with creating life is a serious flaw in the story.  It would have made much more sense if Shelley had done something like having Frankenstein's sister die a young death and then vow to learn how to resurrect dead people so he can eventually bring her back to life.  Then, his motivation would have been driven by love rather than intellectual curiosity.  On the other hand, while that would have made Frankenstein's motivations more understandable to readers, it might have gone against Shelley's desire to criticize science when practiced for its own sake.  In Shelley's version, the creature is much more sympathetic than Frankenstein, despite his crimes.<br /><br />Some readers will find Shelley's overly indulgent style difficult to put up with and might not want to finish reading the book.  My suggestion to those readers is to just read the creature's narrative of his life to Frankenstein in the middle of the book (chapters 10 to 17).  Shelley's writing is much better here and the story within the story is truly heart-wrenching.<br /><br />I should note that my review is based on an old out-of-print version.  So, I have not said anything about the large number of essays in the Norton version.  Based on my past experience with Norton editions of classic literature, I am confident that the essays will be quite interesting to readers who want to go beyond the actual story.ing her back to life.  Then, his motivation would have been driven by love rather than intellectual curiosity.  On the other hand, while that would have made Frankenstein's motivations more understandable to readers, it might have gone against Shelley's desire to criticize science when practiced for its own sake.  In Shelley's version, the creature is much more sympathetic than Frankenstein, despite his crimes.    Some readers will find Shelley's overly indulgent style difficult to put up with and might not want to finish reading the book.  My suggestion to those readers is to just read the creature's narrative of his life to Frankenstein in the middle of the book (chapters 10 to 17).  Shelley's writing is much better here and the story within the story is truly heart-wrenching.    I should note that my review is based on an old out-of-print version.  So, I have not said anything about the large number of essays in the Norton version.  Based on my past experience with Norton editions of classic literature, I am confident that the essays will be quite interesting to readers who want to go beyond the actual story.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|A true talent and legend for these times.  I am happy to have this special last memory.
B002VPE1AW|4.0|Story, mediocre.  3-D and CGI, awesome.  But since the DVD doesn't have 3-D and I'm not watching at a movie theater, why would I bother (I didn't, by the way)?  After seeing at the theater I went away thinking it was too long, first half was really fun seeing this entirely new world, but second half was just typical story that dragged on for far too long.  But since the affects and 3-D was so good it was still a fun movie to watch.  But at home without the 3-D, just not really that interested.  Maybe when the extended version comes out I might get it, at least will have some more story to watch.  Hopefully it's stuff at the start of the movie and not the typical long, drawn-out battle and action sequences.  Bottom line, skip it, wait for HBO or whatever, or wait until something comes out with some extras at least.    UPDATE: Since this has been out I've watched it a few more times, once in it's entirety, a couple times in bits and pieces.  I find myself liking it a little more than I did when I saw it in the theater so I'm changing my rating from 1 to 3-stars.  I still say the story is only mediocre, it's just pretty simplistic and typical.  I also still find the last half a little tougher to sit through.  But in re-watching I think I find myself liking the first half even more than I did originally.  The world is just very refreshing and original, and the colors and effects of the movie are awesome.  The actors and characters are also very good and fun to watch.  Saldana and Worthington, along with the effects help, are so believable and interesting in the main roles that it makes up a lot for any of the dislikes I have about the movie.  BTW, everyone else who has seen it at my house really loves the movie.  With that in mind, I guess I'll bump it up to a 4-star.
092389165X|5.0|This novel is the best, accurate, and historical record of the people of Hiroshima after the atomic bomb hit in 1945. The entire town was left in ruins, and the people had to do all the could to make it out and survive. It was the most horrible moment for Japan, and thousands died, and even more were left sick or died for radiation poisoning. It also makes you wonder, is this worth the cost of victory? I give credit to this author for gathering these historically accurate summaries of a good variety of survivors of the bombing, as well as returning decades later to conclude his biographies of these brave survivors. The novel is not a pretty one, but shows how pushing one button can change the lives of thousands of people in a matter of seconds. Its sad seeing what these people went for, as well as sad how some of these survivors ended up dying. This is an emotional book, and shows a Japan's point of view after the bombing, which many Americans weren't aware of the full extent these people suffered.
B003IZW4LW|1.0|I really have enjoyed the whole Stargate franchise, until now. Universe is simply too painful to watch. I do record it and download it from Video on Demand, but I just don't feel the urge to watch it. Perhaps I will someday. But to have the stargate open up into the Battlestar Galactica-ish brand of storytelling says that either the producers no longer have faith in their own abilities or that viewers are too dumb to see the production similarities. Please halt production of this show. I can really use the space on my TiVo for something more entertaining.
0393072231|5.0|Author Lewis has fashioned a pithy, fast-paced description of the events, people, and financial instruments leading up to and causing the financial collapse of several venerable Wall Street firms and contributing to a nationwide financial recession.    In a readable rendition that is both informative and entertaining, Lewis explains credit default swaps, CMO's, CDO's, tranches, and bond rating systems in a way that clarifies these arcane securities in the context of their human creators and traders.    To understand recent economic history and comprehend and comment on currently proposed Wall Street and banking regulation, reading this book is a must.
B000KJT8IG|5.0|By far a Christmas classic and a tradition for our family to watch and it's all the better now in blu-ray!
B000LV63SQ|4.0|This is a lovely, gentle, understated and relatively unknown collaboration between  members of two pretty heavy duty UK rock bands. It always seemed to me like they went into the studio with absolutely no pressure to produce a hit record and just laid down some low key tracks, probably songs that they had written and appealed to them at the time. It all sounds just so effortless. I hope that they had as much fun making the record as I have had listening to it for the last 33 years. They certainly look relaxed in the cover photo.<br /><br />There are some really good songs here - Annie, Keep me Turning and Heart to Hang on To are each pretty memorable. If you are a Who fan (one who appreciates the softer side of the band) or a fan of acoustic English folk-blues-rock then I suspect you'd enjoy this gem
0312370849|3.0|I was slightly disappointed with this book.  The subject was interesting and the premise had potentials.  However, the details were overly dramatic.  When minor details are unbelievable, the tale looses it's ability to make the reader suspend disbelief...then it's over.  I don't want to give anything away but the ending wraps up too nicely, very Hollywood-like, without Hollywood's special effects.
B00371QQ2U|4.0|Great film, certainly, one of my favorite movies, great director, one of the most amazing casts ever assembled in one film, the quality of this blu ray is surely a big improvement over the standard DVD, but having said that, I think there's still room for improvements and I was hoping that Universal would have given this film a better treatment. I saw this movie in the theatre, on DVD, this blu ray is the best looking Apollo 13 I've seen, it simply did not \\"WOW\\" me like \\"Braveheart\\" did.
0307454541|5.0|Although I am not a fan of the mystery genre I enjoyed this book very much.  The quality of the writing is very good and the tale is believable.  There's nothing predictable about this book.  The characters seem real and the story sucks the reader in.  I wanted to know what is going to happen next.  Thank you for a good read.
B0039208QM|4.0|What a surprise, this blu ray came out earlier than first scheduled, thank you so much, Warner Bros. for ending my long wait. Batman Returns, one of the few sequels that topped the original, one of my favorite Batman movies, great casts, 4 stars for the video, audio, & movie of this blu-ray disc, I am very happy with it and I hope everyone will be as well, ENJOY !!!
0061537969|5.0|The car goes where your eyes go, says the dog.\\"    In this book it's better though than when I tell it.  I've heard it said that The Art of Racing in the Rain was this year's Johnathin Liviginston Seagull.      I don't think so though.  Jothanathin Livingston Seagul is not a pimple on The Art of Racing in the Rain's butt (sic).  I read this book as a gift loan to me.  I read portions with my hurt old dog.  I finished it on the iPhone Kindle returning home from work in Africa last week.  I was wiping my eyes with the airline blanket.  I knew I would be; it's that good.    It's all about the dog's perspective and his life with his owner, and what's inside the dog.  Reminds me of C.J. Cherry's early sci-fi... Serpent's Reach, in that it is intensely inside the non-human's head.  Garth Stein's book brings perspective and insight, from our minds to the dog's, and visa versa every page.  Reminds me of the Hani.      Nice size, beautiful cover.  The Kindle the art of racing in the rain presents beautifully on the iPhone Kindle.  I say it works better on the iphone kindle better than it does on the regular Kindle.      I buy this book for gifts.  Special gifts.  I think only \\"special people really get the full strength import of The Art of Racing in the Rain.  If you're in PETA, you might not like it.  If you like your animals the way God made them, your animals, you'll love it.  AFter I finished the art of racing in the rain, on the plane from Africa, I picked my lab up at the HowlaDay Inn on the last leg of my commute.  This book affected how I look at him greatly.  From as soon as he got in my truck.  Maybe I'm an old sentimental guy, but this book really ......  Sorry, I tend to ramble.    Two thumbs up from me and my dog.
B0036XN2L2|3.0|The latest release by the Scorps has it's moments, but it isn't nearly as good as their previous album or efforts. The only song that makes me want to replay it in the CD player is Only the Good Die Young. Raised on Rock kicks some tail as well, but other than that, the album lacks melodies and hooks that Humanity Hour 1 had throughout. I was definitely hoping for more and hoping for the best! The Scorpions deserve all the recognition in the world, but this effort falls short.
B00005MKA3|5.0|Classic reggae with a powerful political and social theme. Incredible music, compelling lyrics, legendary artist. This is how you make an album.
B00133KDM8|4.0|In My Winter Storm, Tarja Turunen blends elements of symphonic metal and classical crossover.  It's the classical influences that are usually strongest, resulting in an album that sounds like a mix of goth rock and etheric.   It's dark and atmospheric throughout, and often truly haunting.    Some of the songs are strikingly beautiful.  \\"I Walk Alone,\\" \\"Lost Northern Star\\" and \\"Die Alive\\" have a gothic flavour and a biting edge to both the beat and the vocals.  \\"The Reign\\" and \\"Our Great Divide\\" are more orchestral and wouldn't sound out of place on a soundtrack for an epic fantasy film.  In songs like these, Tarja sings with slow paced and almost operatic vocals.  Then there are pieces like \\"Sing For Me\\" and \\"Damned and Divine,\\" which stand halfway between these styles.  The lyrics are foreboding and there's a good dose of drumbeats, but the pace is smooth and slow.  In general, the songs show enough variety while still going together beautifully.    There are weak points, though.  A couple of songs (\\"My Little Phoenix,\\" for example) have childish lyrics and don't quite fit the mood of the others.  Some slower offerings could have benefited from more orchestration or more complex melodies.  And when Tarja ventures toward metal (as in \\"Ciaran's Well\\"), the results just aren't as skilled or memorable as her work for Nightwish.      Fans of many genres may find something to enjoy in this album, and I'm sure devotees of Tarja will be thrilled with her vocals.  Personally I'm glad to own it and love many of the songs.  But I'm hoping Tarja's next album will be more fully developed and more even in quality.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I received this CD so fast! It was in excellent condition and packaged very well.
0743270754|5.0|I was laid up with achilles tendon surgery and a friend sent me this book.  After reading everything else in the house, I finally opened this tome.     Did I ever think that a biography of Abraham Lincoln would be a page turner? Doris Kearns Goodwin makes Abe come alive.  I felt as though I was living in the era and experiencing the traumas, catastrophes and victories.     It was an amazing story of brilliance and courage in a time that truly tried men's souls.    This entertaining and thought provoking book has become my new gift du jour, and the feedback has been excellent.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|I've never been into a television show like I've been into \\"24\\".  I was away working in Dec when my parents sent me the first 2 seasons.  I was sitting around my room one evening when I was so bored I put the first cd in.  That was in Dec.  It's now only April and I've bought and watched every single episode through season 7....I'm such an addict.  Cannot wait until \\"24\\" season 8 is out on dvd....I think I'm on every waiting list for every department store across the US to get this quick....don't know what I'll do when season 8 is finished along with the show. :(
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I use a computer for my blu ray player.  Tried 3 different player packages (all newly updated) and none of them will play this disc.  There was even a new patch for one of them designed SPECIFICALLY for this one disc and that won't play it either.    I knew about the 'no extras' in the blu ray release and I'm totally fine with that, but what I got and paid for should still play in players that are blu ray compatible.  I hear online that the problems all stem from copy protection that Fox put on the disc.  Their take on it is 'upgrade your firmware' but that's not working for people either.    I'm returning it and waiting for them to put out a blu ray that actually plays on something I have access to.
B000LC3ID8|5.0|This company was quick, and in perfect condition. I love it, I will use this seller again
0385504225|2.0|Dan Brown's knowledge of his subject matter is always impressive, and that in itself makes for an interesting read, but as a novel this book definitely left me feeling cheated at the end. The plot rages along through a number of overly-drammatic and exaggerated characters, then essentially fizzles out. Splat!! However, it wasn't boring and definitely piqued my interest in the architectural treasures of Washington DC and the history and secrets of the Masons.
B000050XEI|1.0|This is simply a rehash of very other lame Enya CD that you have ever heard. I liked Shepard moons and Watermark, but this CD offers absolutely nothing new. Its the same sound, recipe, formula that she has doled out to us countless times now. I think she is either incredibly lazy, cares only about profits, or is creatively bankrupt, maybe a combination of the three. Her last two CDs are the last Enya CDs I will purchase.
0307454541|3.0|It's a rather straight forward interesting mystery that ends as a cliff hanger.  I would read the other two because Salandar is an intriguing character.
0802798225|5.0|ilove this book it my favorite book. i read many books but this jus top the cake.i love how tht alex fall for a north sider.. and how brittany falls for a south sider even tho the solor symtem may tip.... i love dis book (:
B002VECM6S|4.0|No doubt that this movie was Hollywood-ized.  The young son was a totally unbelievable character.  Sandra Bullock gave an outstanding, touching performance and I can't argue w/ her Oscar.      I actually found the story arc to be disturbing.  It simply doesn't ring true that an upscale white family in the south takes in a black kid from the other side of the tracks.  As the movie progresses, we find out that the family are rabid Ole Miss boosters.  Coincidentally :), Michael Oher is a gigantic monster of an offensive tackle, heavily recruited by major college programs.  Where does Oher end up going to school?  Surprise, surprise, it's Mississippi!  In fairness, the NCAA investigation of impropriety is disclosed, but I still remain highly skeptical of motive.
B003E8AF5U|5.0|I never write reviews for the massive amount of music I download from Amazon, but I felt I had to chime in on what is a ridiculously underrated album.  People with no taste simply want to hear the same thing over and over again.  The same thing happened when the newest Vampire Weekend album came out.  \\"Hay guyz, wherez Kids Don't Stand a Chance v 2.0.\\"  What the new MGMT album tells us is that they are a unique band and that they are here to stay.  There is a great chance that the third album will be more accessible than Congratulations, but this album should not be dismissed out of hand.  It has many truly awesome tracks on it (Flash Delirium, I Found a Whistle, Brian Eno, +) and the album plays as a solid whole. If you don't have a retard's attention span you will realize this.  But, alas, I think you are all playing into MGMT's hands, I think they are quite aware of the image this album would put out and plan on making an epic, hooky, third album to satiate all the clueless masses while maintaining credibility with those that appreciate change.
B002TYZKIM|5.0|I have done a fair number of musical reviews in this space from old country blues tunes to Cole Porter to Billy Holiday to Bob Dylan and so on. All either reflected my personal interests or represented a segment of, mainly, American cultural expression that I thought was important to take note of. Some groups and individuals like the Beatles, most, but not all, hip-hop, Joan Baez and others have gotten short shrift in this space not because they are not important components of the modern cultural scene but out of sheer personal preference. The late performer, Michael Jackson, with or without the Five, fit very comfortably in that niche for me. No longer though after viewing the film documentary, although performance is a better term, \\"\\"This Is It\\", based on rehearsals for what was to be Michael Jackson's last world tour.    I am not sure, and in any case it is not important to this review, whether the film footage here would have seen the light of day if Michael Jackson had not died in 2009. The core of the film is a series of rehearsals that Jackson and his cast of singers, dancers, and musicians went through in preparation for a \\"This Is It\\" last Jackson world tour that was planned to begin just after his untimely death. The concept, according to Jackson, was to give his fans one last extravagant chance to hear and see him perform his greatest hits.         Now these kinds of world tours, last ones or not, are all in a day's work in the entertainment business. As are behind-the scenes \\"reality\\" looks at how certain cultural events are put to together. What make this film extraordinary are the fire, the imagination, and the sheer stage presence that Michael Jackson brought to the whole enterprise.    Did you read that right? This reviewer, who has spend the last forty or some years happily ignoring Michael Jackson, his music, his dancing, his off-stage antics, and his legal difficulties  was totally transfixed, totally riveted by Jackson's work here. In rehearsal,of all places. Christ, as the headline indicates, he is probably one of few men who have ever lived who did not turn into a cartoonish character while wearing orange pants during some of his numbers. Although this film also demonstrates the very deferential way in which those who worked with him treated him, which may be a key to some of his off-stage problems going back to his childhood days, and I am positive I would not want to work with him this man, as singer, dancer and stage personality comes through. This kind of personality does not pass through this earth all that often. Watch what you missed. Watch what I missed.
1594488886|5.0|I had no problems with the seller. Book came on time, was is great shape, and was a great price. great experience.
B000VR824S|5.0|If you love the electric quitar, this video is for you.Great performances and great quality..
B0007TKNCY|5.0|Bringing Up Baby with Katharine Hepburn and Cary Grant is one of the all time best comedy movies.  This madcap adventure will keep you laughing from beginning to end.   Hepburn and Grant have a perfect natural timing to their comedy and in my opinion they were one of the best comedy duos of all time.  To me they were a much better match on screen than Hepburn and Tracey. The fine supporting cast of great character actors like Charlie Ruggles make this hair brain story even funnier. If you like comedies this is a must have movie for any collector.[[ASIN:B0007TKNCY Bringing Up Baby (Two-Disc Special Edition)]]
0307593525|5.0|We entertained friends for dinner, and wanted to try out recipes from our new cookbook.  My wife made the bruschetta as depicted in the movie for appetizers -- very yummy.  Then for dinner we cooked the poulet au porte (roasted chicken in a port wine, mushroom and cream sauce), and the roast potatoes.  We used enough butter for a rugby team, but it was fantastic.  We washed the whole thing down with a white burgundy as recommended by Julia.  The gang at the liquor store laughed when my wife told them she was looking for a wine recommended by Julia Child: clearly familiar with her work, they said that Ms Child had very expensive tastes.
030745455X|5.0|Steig continues with pace and mystery as his second novel builds on the characters from the first thru unraveling skeleton upon skeleton in each characters closet. An exciting read that crosses the world and leaves you waiting till you can turn pages in the third book.<br /><br />Definitely recommend this thriller which skips through the 600 pages with more ease than the first as characters are developed and the plot unfolds with edge of the seat action.
B001NESPHC|5.0|I have been waiting to buy this CD for a year and finally own it. Yesterday I played it through three times. It is smooth, relaxing, and has a depth of feeling that is thoroughly Melody Gardot. Thanks Melody!
B001FB55H6|1.0|WTF ? Huh ? There is never any indication that a story is unfolding. Other than the skull hatcheting piece by bloody bandage head guy and the arm sawing through the jailhouse bars scene, there's little to discuss or keep you interested except maybe well-hung blu guy Dr. Manhatten driving girl to glowing blue extacy. A freaking, jigsawing, nightmare. Intended strictly for comic book advocates who enjoy speed viewing tales of their super heroes.
B00000251N|5.0|We had seen the movie way back when in the theater. Bought the LP soundtrack. Then we saw that the CD soundtrack was available. How very wonderful to hear those moving songs again. The movie and the music really mean a lot to both of us.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|I bought this the first day out because I missed this in the movies.  Couldnt wait to see it finally!!  Fantastic visuals on blu ray.  You can tell alot of time (and money) was spent ensuring the graphics were top notch but definitly less time and effort put into the speaking parts, especially on the human side.  Acting in my opion was average to poor.  The script was just poorly written.  The use of current slang, and cursing in a futuristic movie seemed ecessive, out of place and unecessary, dragged the movie down. not that I dont curse just seemed weird.  All in all it was decent but to me just short of the mark.  Hurt locker was much better.    As far as the complaints from others about lack of special features, well I dont mind. im tired of blu ray load times and all the bull crap you have to swim through to finally get to the movie.  no special features, no commercials no previews suits me fine.
B0037W68F4|4.0|Fans looking for a continuation of 2008's Oracular Spectacular will be greatly disappointed with MGMT's sophomore effort. The duo, consisting of Ben Goldwasser and Andrew Van Wyngarden, release Congratulations  on April 13 and has opted against the release of any singles to promote the album; insisting the album should be heard as one complete work instead of a collection of unrelated songs. The coarse, yet catchy and often danceable nature of Oracular Spectacular has been replaced with nine perfectly polished tunes that are often undistinguishable from one another. \\"I Found a Whistle\\" follows \\"Flash Delirium\\" sounding like a slowed down reprise of the latter track. \\"Siberian Breaks,\\" a twelve minute musical journey has nearly as many discernable changes as the rest of the album.<br /><br />Although a lack of clear singles often makes it difficult to win over new fans, skeptical listeners believing MGMT to be a one album wonder will be pleasantly surprised. MGMT has evolved and while the first listen may be a bit of a challenge to take in, the melodies begin to present themselves clearly on multiple plays and the complexity of the instrumentation shapes itself into a compelling work. Starting off with \\"It's Working,\\" a surf rock experimentation that fits the cartoonish surfing cat on the album artwork, MGMT instantly puts its new, clean production on display. They follow \\"It's Working\\" with \\"Song for Dan Treacy\\" which is more energetic than fans are used to, but still manages to maintain a well organized mix despite the speed.<br /><br />After seeing their success skyrocket and then dwindle within months, MGMT has redefined their style in such a dramatic fashion that it is almost impossible to tell what the future holds for the creative duo. They have definitely created a sound that is completely their own so by taking a page from Flaming Lips, they've made an album that succeeds through honesty. Where Oracular Spectacular played to the masses with radio friendly hits, Congratulations shows the world the real MGMT. We haven't seen the last of MGMT and Congratulations is proof they have what it takes to survive.<br /><br />Similar Artists: Vampire Weekend, Flaming Lips<br /><br />Track Suggestion: \\"Song for Dan Treacy\\"ons shows the world the real MGMT. We haven't seen the last of MGMT and Congratulations is proof they have what it takes to survive.    Similar Artists: Vampire Weekend, Flaming Lips    Track Suggestion: \\"Song for Dan Treacy\\"
B001FB4VZS|4.0|SPOILERS FOLLOW  In this eighth season of \\"Smallville,\\" the series reinvents itself in a drastic manner in a way it really has not done since its third season.  Changes are both major and subtle, adding up to a welcome different tone for the show.  For starters, Tom Welling's Clark Kent is finally not shying away from his superhuman side, though arguably his most famous power is still missing in action.  However, the eighth season premiere \\"Odyssey\\" finds him completely powerless in a harsh work camp.  In a maneuver that is at once head-scratching and smooth, the globetrotting Oliver Queen rescues him from the harsh overseer of the camp.  Oliver is again played very well by Justin Hartley, joining the main cast opening credits in this season.  Overall, the season premiere does a very nice job of pressing a reset button on the whole series and introducing a unique season.  Three series stalwarts ended their time on the show as regulars in the seventh season:  Michael Rosenbaum, John Glover, and Kristin Kreuk.  Though Michael Rosenbaum's Lex Luthor and John Glover's Lionel Luthor do not appear in the eighth season, Kristin Kreuk's Lana Lang does.  Though most of the episodes she appears in as part of a mini-arc are very good(with two glaring exceptions called \\"Power\\" and \\"Requiem\\"), the character was very tired and needed to simply fade away.  To compensate for the losses of Rosenbaum and Glover, the show introduces two more antagonists in the form of Tess Mercer and Davis Bloome, played respectively by Cassidy Freeman and Sam Witwer.  The new CEO of LuthorCorp, Tess is given a meaty story that Cassidy Freeman acts very solidly.  Davis Bloome is a slightly less believable character because though Sam Witwer is unexpectedly brilliant, he gives away his hand much too early by the mood of his portrayal.  Also featuring a controversial and frankly subpar season finale called \\"Doomsday,\\" and a world of relationship growth between Clark and Lois, the eighth season of \\"Smallville\\" is a nearly perfect rejuvenation of the series.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Just received Avatar on Blu Ray and watched it on my surround sound system.  This is the most awesome blu ray experience I've had yet with any movie.  The picture is just stunning, with amazingly clear and vivid images.  The audio is excellent!  Both the audio and video on this movie are clearly a step above what most Blu Ray movies can provide.  Avatar takes it to a new level.  Regarding the other reviews- I think people need to review the product and express their gripes to the movie studio separately .  The movie is great, and the Blu Ray experience is awesome.  As with anything else you spend cash on, read before you buy.  It clearly stated that this is just the movie, with nothing else included.  I read it, and that's what I got.  And it's great.  For those who want to wait for the version with all the other features, go for it.  If you don't want this one, then don't buy it!!!  Overall...great Blu Ray.
044024238X|5.0|I loved the Shopohilic novels and decided to give this one a try to. I didn't know if the premise would hold up, but it did and the book became a really, really fun read. I can't wait to read more of Ms. Kinsella's works.
0393072231|4.0|ANYONE INTERESTED IN WHAT GOES ON ON WALL STREET,AND WHO OF US DOESNT, SHOULD READ THIS BOOK, VERY INFORMATIVE,AND INSIGHTFUL, SOME DRY PARTS BUT THAT IS THE SUBJECT MATTER. VERY UPTODATE ON WHAT IS GOING ON WITH THE GOVT AND WALL STREET AT PRESENT!!! A VERY GOOD READ
074356619X|5.0|This is the fourth copy I have purchased.  I fully anticipate that I will purchase a few more.  I pass them on to family and friends who need to understand that they are the masters of their own lives.  I believe Everyone should read the book or watch the video, or listen to the audio tape or MP3 CD.  This is must know information.  YOU NEED AN OPEN MIND to really understand the concepts.  However, should you follow the Law(s), you will get results. I have.  This Universal Law, even if you don't believe in it, does work.  Open your mind and practice, practice, practice the Laws everyday.
B00110K62U|5.0|I watched the original PBS presentation a few years back and loved it then. Recently, I rented it from Netflix and once again was captivated. I decided then and there that I would buy the disk so that I could watch it anytime I wanted. I have seen the stage production at least four times and is one of my favorite musicals of all time. I love that the concert version features all of the actor/singers who have played Valjean all around the world. The timelessness of Victor Hugo's immortal tale of the French revolution, and the story of Jean Valjean brings me to tears every time. The inclusion of Lea Solonga who plays Fantine is inspired. When she sings the haunting \\"On My Own\\" it is worth every penny spent on the DVD and makes this the perfect concert. My only disappointment is that LES MISERABLES is not available in Blu-ray. To anyone who loves musical theatre it is a must-own DVD.
B0009S4IKQ|5.0|Greta Garbo can be boring sometimes, but this pre-code Hollywood outing allowed her to pull out all stops. It is said that this film made Joan Crawford a star in her own right, but I still do not see where that came from. Of course, this was 1931-32 and women did not get the better roles.  The men, on the whole , carry this film, and work with their parts well.
0812932293|4.0|This is a fun book to read.  As you probably know, Richard Branson is an interesting character.  If that's what you're interested in, you will love this book.  If you're looking for the nuts and bolts of how his businesses are run, that to me was a bit lacking.  I feel this book was more for the casual reader/fan than businesspeople specifically.    With that said, I think a big part of Richard Branson's success is his attitude and you'll get a lot of that in this book.    Whether you're a non-business, casual fan or an entrepreneur like Branson, you will enjoy this.
B000S2XD18|4.0|Although Videohound does not rate this film very high, I gave it a much higher rating. Owen Wilson and Gene Hackman carry it, and well. This is on the premise that a downed flyer puts his complete trust in another officer of higher rank, and that that officer depends on the flyer for his independent actions.  I forget how the story goes with time, and am happy that I have this film to watch over and over.
1439153663|4.0|Kathleen Grissom's story of Lavinia, an Irish orphan living as an indentured servant with the black slaves in the late 1700's & early 1800's in Virginia is a well-written historical novel.  It is definitely not a book for the faint of heart.  Some reviewers have stated that they could not put it down.  I, however, found that I had to lay it aside at times, because there is a great deal of violence in it.      More than just a story about slavery and the South, this is a great story about families. The white plantation owner's family can only be described as dysfunctional with a capital D!  All their problems seem to be solved with Laudanum, the drug of the day, or alcohol abuse. The slave families, on the other hand, are very caring people who look out for each other despite their lot in life.  Lavinia was lucky to be raised and loved by the slaves and thereby learned what family life should be like.
B0014NZNAO|5.0|Silverado reminds me of some of the better Westerns, i.e. The Ballad of Cable Hogue and Pat Garrett and the Sundance Kid. It has a flavor all its own. The Quick and the Dead is the fastest vs. the fastest guns. An unusual, novel premise.
B001GCUO5M|2.0|I have not read the book and hence will only review the content based on the movie.    It's a show where the plot tried to cover too many topics at a time, and its not sure of its central topic. Mainly it tried to let the audience imagined that the plot was related to Supernatural, Psychotic and/or Mind Control conspiracy in the post war era. It tried to slot in reminder of the Nazi's death camp too.     I won't dwell on the content of the show. But credit must be give for the director who tried hard to impress onto the audience that our identity is strongly reinforced and affected by those around us. Thus, the perception surroundings can easily cause one to shift his/her perceived own identity.     The show fail miserably as it ended without a proper ending. This is unexpected of a big-budget production. Regardless of the director's intention on having an open-ended conclusion, the way the movie ended, made it appeared like during production, it has ran out of budget!    Therefore I will give it only a 2 stars. Its not because the theme was confusing or that the director did not deserve credit on highlighting external perceptions can strongly shape how a person view their own identity. But the fact that a movie ended with an inconclusive ending, tells no story at all.    If there's a certain saving grace with the ending, it's the fact that you can watch this movie again and again and walk through the most probably \\"What Ifs\\". Either Marshal Teddy Daniels was right or Dr. John Cawley is correct.     A lot of assumptions/discussions were made on the Web, but none were overwhelmingly convincing to be conclusive. Though more persuasive spoiler can be found at Wiki ([...]). But ask yourself, how would it be graded, if it were a high-school essay?
B003405MF6|4.0|I don't know how anyone could rate this with only 1 or 2 Stars as Tracks 2 and 3 alone are worth buying this CD. But overall not his best, or a favorite for years to come.  However, this is where Jeff Beck is in 2010, and there is some fine guitar work here. I agree that Over the Rainbow could have been left off for something better, as it  had been released before on the Official Bootleg Live CD. Replace that cut with another Hanmmerhead  type cut and it would have been another 1/2 star. But it's Jeff Beck,  so go with it, or what you know, because the guy is still a great artist to this day.
159448385X|5.0|I've read Kite Runner before this and finished A Thousand Splendid Suns in 2 days. You just get so into the characters and feel for them: hate, disbelief, happiness, sadness, relief, because it all seems so well written, like it could be a true story. Also, through the story of two women you see what life in Afghanistan can be like, a hell for people who have seen so much death in war, which is sad because it once used to be a peaceful and beautiful place where people felt pretty safe. This story makes me feel lucky that I live in a place where I've never had to go through anything like this! The story is indeed bittersweet, and there are many surprises which make you keep turning the pages. I love the writing style, just as I did in the Kite Runner and I really want Khaled Hosseini to come out with something new!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Let's get a few things straight. James Cameron already made this movie over 20 years ago, it was called The Abyss and it was actually a good movie as opposed to this bloated, cartoony moronfest.    Second, if the idea of putting Dances With Wolves, Princess Mononoke, and Aliens in a blender sounds appealing...this is probably a fantastic \\"film\\". The problem is, it's not fantastic...at all, in any way! The story is a generic composite of every ecological science fiction or fantasy story of the last 40 years, with horrendous dialog and truly hideous visual effects that make the Star Wars prequels almost seem sane. Bottom line, if you enjoy this movie you might want to have your morphine IV drip checked for air bubbles.    Lastly, this steaming turd clocks in at an almost unbearable 2 hours and 42 minutes...are there seriously people that think an additional 30-40 minutes is necessary? I'd understand feeling scammed by the folks at Fox if bonus features, the 3D version, or additional footage would help make this \\"experience\\" less painful, but it just makes bad seem even worse!
B000001ESP|5.0|One of the better Rush CDs.  A few classics and YYZ - probably the fastest bass song Geddy Lee plays.  Excellent CD.  I would highly recommend it to any Rush fan.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|I have this flash for about 5 months and I really like it. I use it on my D90 that I have for about a year so I am fairly new to the SLR world. The tilt feature on the flash is great so that there is no more red eye. I was not ready to go into the more advanced flash like the sb-600,800 ect...plus the sb-400 price is not much of a factor when you consider the cost of an SLR camera,lenses and so on. There is no learning to use the flash just put it on the hot shoe turn it on and start snaping away. I highly recomend Duracell rechargeable batteries,they are the ones that are precharged when you buy them. They far exceed other rechargables that I have used. Have Fun
0451209338|4.0|Good book - I'm almost finished.  I'll be reading more books by Daniel Silva.
1590171993|5.0|STONER, a sleeper in its way, quietly overtakes its readers with a powerful  undercurrent of suppressed emotion.  Dubbed a \\"perfect\\" novel by many experts, I would agree for one reason -- it is written with a cold precision that cannot be argued with on a technical level.  Set on the campus of the University of Missouri, STONER has a \\"midwestern\\" mentality to it due to its subject matter and tone.  An honest, simple son of a farmer, William Stoner goes to college to learn about agriculture but falls under the sway of the muses and switches to English.  From there, he goes on to teach at that school, working through both world wars and surviving a wife who is a world war unto herself.<br /><br />The portrayal of Edith, Stoner's wife, is downright claustrophobic.  She is frigid at the start and contrary throughout.  She gives her husband a daughter but little love, and though he recognizes the error of his ways early on, Stoner dutifully sticks with his wife until her eccentricity and cold demeanor lead him to experiment with a lover.  This affair with a graduate student, like a sad but lovely interlude in the middle of the book, give the novel its bittersweet edge. Another powerful characterization is achieved through the character of Hollis Lomax, a crippled rival who becomes the head of the English Department and resolves to destroy Stoner's career when Stoner challenges one of Lomax's student proteg&eacute;s.<br /><br />Although the novel shifts focuses between domestic troubles and academic ones, the two intertwine and Williams makes it work without ever resorting to melodrama.  Instead, to take liberties with the final line of the book, you will \\"fall into the silence\\" of the book the same way people fall in love despite themselves.  Sometimes it just happens when you least expect it.
B00321SMFO|5.0|Episode 1, \\"From Pole to Pole\\" is 49 minutes. It makes me want to buy the entire series. Every minute is magnificent in photography and narration.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|VERY ENLIGHTENING..........I NOW AM WATCHING WHAT I EAT AND LOOKING CLOSER AT LABELS.  MAKES ME WONDER WHY COMPANIES NEED SO MUCH \\"PROFIT\\".  FARMERS MARKET AND FREE RANGE MEAT FOR MY FAMILY!!!!
B000M341RI|5.0|Be sure to watch with sub-titles but this movie is so funny. I have not laughed so hard in a long time. Great movie.
B003A060K6|3.0|Caribou remains one of the few electronic artists still putting the art in electronica, but his latest rings a little too nerdishly contrived to pulse alive regularly.
1439153663|5.0|Quite frankly, The Kitchen House is one of the most engaging, well-written, brilliantly done novels I have read in some time. The author delivers a stunning, vivid and memorable story with the deft touch of a master story-teller. The book is 'narrated' by two women, Lavinia and Belle, and the execution of the story with their vivid voices is simply flawless.<br /><br />The Kitchen House takes place in the late 1790's thru the early 1800's and tells of an orphaned Irish girl, Lavinia, who is taken in as an indentured servant by a plantation owner/merchant ship Captain who takes her back to his plantation to be raised among the slaves as a house servant. The story quickly moves as Lavinia, who barely remembers her parents who died at sea, becomes acclimated to live as a child among the plantation's slaves. Her narration of her life, seen through naive and intelligent eyes, as she comes to realize how very separate are the lots of the slaves and the white owners, takes the reader along with her as she grows into a lovely young woman who fits in neither world. This background sets the scene for the storyline, which is a realistic portrayal of the lives of the slaves--and the 'owners'--during this time. The co-narrator of the story, Belle, is the half-white daughter of the Captain, who is one of the plantation's house slaves as well. She and Lavinia become close, but misunderstandings and secrets cause heartache for both women.<br /><br />The Kitchen House is an extraordinary tale, delivered masterfully by a marvelous story-teller. If you like great fiction, well-written with true-to-life memorable characters, you will find this book a hard-to-put-down, extremely satisfying read.
B00337KM2S|3.0|It began well and peeked my interest.  The plot is well written.  As the movie moves toward the end, Clooney has a revelation that there is more to life and he has let it slip away.  Perhaps the movie must end here but it felt empty.
B002VPE1AM|2.0|Just watched the blu-ray version.  Too bad it wasn't available on HD-DVD.  It played smoothly on my Panasonic blu-ray player, but the regular DVD looked almost as good on my Toshiba HD-DVD player.  It is a shame that inferior technology, bought by Sony buying out the studios, is what we are stuck with.  Visually the movie is very nice as the CGI was well done.  The plot and the alien evolutionary assumptions were very weak.  Five fingers and finger nails, give me a break!!!  Don't think too much while you are watching this movie and you may enjoy it.  The plot line follows the Gaia ideology mixed in with Dances with Wolves.  It is a watch it once movie and forget it.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I love Settlers of Catan for several reasons:     1) It's a strategy game, and requires a lot of thought in order for you to be successful in the game,     2) You get to bargain and make deals, and you can be as creative as you want with this - like making loans to people, selling futures, selling real estate, mortgaging property - the possibilities are endless!  This game is perfect for those with enterprising spirits or any kind of business savy.      3) This game presents capitalism at it's finest, and would be a great way to teach younger people about economic concepts such as supply and demand, the price system, and how through trade we can improve our lives financially while also benefiting those we trade with, even as we make all trades due to our own self-interest.     The worst part of this game is that it's a little difficult to learn how to play at first, there is a lot to explain.  This game is not for stupid people, and will be frustrating to people who don't take well to economic ideas.    Overall though, it's a fun use-your-brain game that's great for families and young adults.
0767827694|5.0|ORLANDO is not one of Virginia Woolf's better known novels, and with good reason. In its gender-bending themes, one is never quite sure what to make of it.  Director Sally Potter took this amorphous quality and transferred it to the screen by re-writing both script and plot until the film and the book have long since parted company. What remains is a cinematic masterpiece that either dares the viewer to comprehend it or defies him.  In the real world, one might think that anyone who was publically immortal might have world reknown or anyone who changed genders in an age bereft of transgender surgery might be equally famed. And certainly one who did both would be a superstar in any age.  But in Potter's view of England that spans four centuries from 1600 to 2000 the general public seems to take such astonishing news in stride, and that may be the point.  We are not supposed to take ORLANDO under any prism of realism nor are we meant to endure a willing suspension of belief.  Rather, Potter intends us to view the panorama of English history in much the same dream like manner that we excercise as we accompany Alice down the rabbit hole.<br /><br />Tilda Swinton as the androgynous Orlando appears as a feminine-looking male in the court of Queen Elizabeth, herself played by the cross dressing Quentin Crisp.  It calls for some blunting of the imagination for the viewer to accept Orlando as a male since he truly looks like a female in male drag. One day, the Queen commands Orlando, as her boy toy favorite, never to age. And magically his biological clock ceases ticking. No explanation other than her royal prerogative is given and none is needed. Orlando has normal sexual desires for a man.  He falls heavily for the lovely daughter of a Russian ambassador who jilts him, thereby repeating Orlando's similar rejection of an English woman chosen to be his betrothed.  The decades and centuries pass and no one seems to notice the miracle in their midst. There are many splendid scenes of architecture that captivate the eye, but these are distractions from the real business at hand--to present a multi-gender view of English history.  After two centuries, Orlando transforms into a woman, again magically, again illogically. From this vantage she can expatiate on a view of a male-dominant society symbolized by Pope, Addison, and Swift, all of whom come across as male chauvinistic piggies of the worst sort. More decades pass, but the only changes seem to be in technology and architecture.  Other characters enter and exit with little impact on Orlando.  Billy Zane is the exception as he comes THIS close to convincing her to accompany him on his travels to America.<br /><br />While all this time spanning action occurs, Swinton as Orlando has the difficult task of remaining gender neutral in her capacity as the film's center.  Her Orlando shows very little emotion. Instead she reveals her inner thoughts in direct asides to the camera, thus intensifying in the viewer that what is being seen is a fiction. We never know what drives Orlando to wish to live so long. She wants a child and she has one but that adds no dimension to her part.  ORLANDO ultimately emerges as a film that entertains even as it makes no pretense as to how or why.f architecture that captivate the eye, but these are distractions from the real business at hand--to present a multi-gender view of English history.  After two centuries, Orlando transforms into a woman, again magically, again illogically. From this vantage she can expatiate on a view of a male-dominant society symbolized by Pope, Addison, and Swift, all of whom come across as male chauvinistic piggies of the worst sort. More decades pass, but the only changes seem to be in technology and architecture.  Other characters enter and exit with little impact on Orlando.  Billy Zane is the exception as he comes THIS close to convincing her to accompany him on his travels to America.    While all this time spanning action occurs, Swinton as Orlando has the difficult task of remaining gender neutral in her capacity as the film's center.  Her Orlando shows very little emotion. Instead she reveals her inner thoughts in direct asides to the camera, thus intensifying in the viewer that what is being seen is a fiction. We never know what drives Orlando to wish to live so long. She wants a child and she has one but that adds no dimension to her part.  ORLANDO ultimately emerges as a film that entertains even as it makes no pretense as to how or why.
B001NLKT60|1.0|I'm rating this book one star despite having no read no further than the Prologue.  Why?  Because the Kindle Edition is missing Chapter markers.  I refuse to read a book on the Kindle without Chapter markers.  It's hard enough to navigate through books on the Kindle (I like to flip back to refer to previous chapters, etc.  And yes, I know I can do a \\"Find\\" but it's not quite the same.), but without Chapters, it's just plain annoying.<br /><br />So if Amazon or more likely the publisher can fix this problem, then I'd be happy to delete this review.
B00361DR4Q|5.0|Update 11/19/2011:  I originally posted the review below in which I complained about the DTS surround track. Since then, I've bought a newer AVR which supports high-resolution audio such as the DTS-HD MA on this disc. My previous AVR didn't have an HDMI input, so I connected the video using HDMI directly to my HDTV, and used a digital optical cable for the audio from my Blu-Ray player to the AVR. This worked well for my other Blu-Ray discs, because the high-resolution audio was down-mixed to a a five-channel surround mix that sounded fine. For some reason, this Blu-Ray did not sound fine using that system, but it sounds great with my new AVR. The vocals are clear and no longer sound overwhelmed by the orchestra, and the orchestra sounds clear and well balanced.   So I am revising my rating from 3 to 5 stars, with the caveat that you *may* experience the audio issues I described below if you do not have an AVR that has an HDMI input for your audio signal. I believe that some Blu-Ray players also output high-res audio over multi-channel analog cables as well, so that should work too  If your AVR does support high resolution audio, you'll hear an outstanding performance in excellent surround sound.  I'm pleased to recommend this disc, which continues to be a real bargain.   Original review:  I agree with the positive reviews about the performance, and the image quality of the Blu-Ray is excellent.  Unfortunately, I found the DTS surround track to be very poorly mixed, with the orchestra sounding sloppy and often overwhelming the singers.  The 2-channel stereo mix is better, which would indicate that the problem with the DTS was in the processing and not inherent in the recording itself.  I at first suspected the problem I was having with the DTS might have been a result of my equipment, though I haven't had any similar problems with other opera Blu-Ray discs, but after reading a review on a Blu-Ray review website complaining about the same issue, it's clear that othershave experienced it, too.  Still, for $9.99, you get a great performance, outstanding picture quality, and if you're willing to settle for stereo instead of surround, an acceptable sound mix.    The bonus materials consist of trailers for other productions, and the menu to access these is sluggish and clunky, hardly the best way to convince buyers to shell out for more from this company.  All in all, the whole disc strikes me as a missed opportunity.
030726999X|5.0|This is an amazing trilogy--but this is not a stand-alone novel.  If you haven't read the first two in the series, please read them first or you will not be able to fully appreciate the complexities of the plot or the characters.  Hornet's Nest picks up at the moment that the last book ends, with our heroine Lisbeth gravely injured.  Well, we can guess she survives, but the twists and turns in the plot continue.  Larsson combines contemporary political intrigue at the highest level of Sweden's government, agents from the Cold War, evil guardians, intrepid reporters, colorful gangsters, with a complex heroine who has suffered unimaginable abuse from early childhood but comes out alive and kicking.  The only negative thing I can say is that we can't look forward to any more adventures of Lisbeth Salander and the rest of the characters from these three novels.  If you like thrillers you will not be disappointed in this series, and you will see why this Swedish novelist has become a world-wide sensation.  Highly recommended.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|You all think you know Leonardo DiCaprio well the matter of fact is you don't. This man will eat your mind alive with his brutal fantastic performances that not even say Johnny Depp can come close to. This movie and all of Leonardo's movie are just brilliant and I'm happy to say I own all them and you should too. Martin is a god at writing and he will always be one of my favorite writer's and director's. He didn't write this movie though, he only directed it. This was a copy from a book or I should say adaptation. Buy this and enjoy.
0307463745|1.0|I love 37signals and I really liked their first book Getting Real, but Rework is frankly really bad.<br /><br />The book contains a lot of wisdom, learnings, advice and some \\"cool\\" statements that tells you that you can be rock and roll and ignore \\"classical\\" ways of building business - but all of these gems are too short, without any concrete examples, and taken out of context. This book will not give you anything if you're not just looking for advice the quality of fortune cookies.
B00321SMFO|5.0|More than worth 40+ Minutes of your time! Great Shots and Narration. HD seals the deal.
B00001OH7U|4.0|In 1976 David Bowie did something considerd to be very experimental at the time. He shed all previous musical inventions.  He created my favorite character; the Thin White Duke.  A character removed from the trevails of the average person.  A character who was authoritative and longing for a dissonate reality. A facist, elitist who wanted to shape the world in his image.  The images that this album evokes are just that; a world ready for the taking.  Station to Station was produced by Harry Maslin not Tony Visconti or Brian Eno as some people believe.  On this outing we find Bowie experimenting with instruments in a way that hadn't been done probably since the Beatles or maybe Pink Floyd.  It defies catagory.  It is a gateway to what was coming down the pike in the following three years.<br /><br /> The title track epitomizes the concept I was writing about earlier. The sound of behemonth train barreling down the rails.  The image of Europe being taken over.  Soldiers alliegence to a benevolent ruler and the citizens being subjugated.  Then it changes gears and goes into futurist technology the song \\"TVC15\\" and swithces gears again with wistful sojurn into sentimentalism and decadence with \\"Golden Years\\".  An arrangement via Nina Simone \\"Wild is the Wind\\" written by Dimitri Timkin and Ned Washington and a downright disco song with great guitars \\"Stay\\" and an ode to love and life to God from the Thin White Duke in \\"Word on a Wing\\".<br /><br />Just a six song LP when released by RCA records and a pronouncement from Bowie to fans letting them know that changes are coming. Station to Station is a great starting point for listeners not familiar with Bowie's late 70's output.  The next three albums expand on the ideas from this album.  All in all a great European album.
006621131X|5.0|Highly recommended by this reviewer!<br /><br />Maybe the most enjoyable book I've come across this year, \\"Just Kids\\" is a love letter by Patti Smith to her former lover and best friend, Robert Mapplethorpe.  Thanks so much to Ms. Smith for allowing us, her readers, to share in the beauty of their relationship and art.  This is a book for all Americans to devour and cherish.
B000TRXN6W|5.0|Before buying this CD, I read a decent amount of the reviews first. It really shocked me how many people claimed that her CD was so slow and boring and put them to sleep.<br /><br />Norah Jones is extremely talented, and I would not say that she has ever made a bad CD. Although this CD is certainly different from her others, that doesn't make it bad- in any way, shape, or form. Each song has very different musical aspects that I absolutely adore her for exploring.<br /><br />The first time I listened through her CD I was at work and was barely paying attention, so I definitely noticed that it was more \\"downbeat\\" than other music I had been listening to. But once I took it home and really listened to it without distractions, I fell in love with every song. Norah Jones explores musical ranges that she didn't explore in other albums, and while the tempo of each song may be slower than most mainstream music, it doesn't mean that it's awful-- I don't know how much more clear I can point that out.<br /><br />It just really upset me after listening to the CD to reread the \\"bad reviews\\" on here and realize how cynical people can be because they have such high expectations. That's not what music is about-- music is about talent and exploration and change, not upbeat and doing the same thing you have always done. Norah Jones tried new musical aspects on this CD, and for that she should be applauded, not criticized. That is all.<br /><br />Oh, and by the way-- my personal favorite song on this CD is Sinkin' Soon :)
B002VPE1AW|1.0|Regardless of the milking of the bad blue-ray version or whatever, this movie was meh. Not sure where  all the hype came from, other than this seems to be the new thing with hollywoodish flicks these days.    The script(dialogue)itself is quite predictable and just bad in places, especially the military banter and  I really could not feel much for the anime' eyed blue skinned earthy klan. The whole movie felt like watching  a video game with all it's computerized special effects and flash. Overall just too predictable as to where it  was going. Plenty of cliche's throughout. After seeing it, made me wonder how hype takes off anymore when a   big budgeted and promo'd to death--movie comes out. Great though for the dumbing down of viewers everywhere.
B00319ECC4|3.0|The gitarist should focus better on his private project (divine heresty) which is better.  the CD is not bad but sounds too much as the old ones  but .... good return from them
6305428387|5.0|I was very happy with this product.  It also arrived in just a couple of days.
B002ZG983M|5.0|I notice that alot people have gotten offended by the Fact that a 11 year old girl is cursing but come on it's just a movie. I really enjoyed watching this movie because of Hit-Girl, who truly kick-a$$ in this movie. When I first saw the trailor to this movie I was expecting to see a piece of crap but I saw the opposite. Finally, Super Heroes, who won't hestiate to pull the trigger on the bad guys. I heard they are going to make a part 2, which I can't wait to see. The movie is great for those who have a sense of humor. Overall, the movie Kick-ass is great and can't wait for it to come out on dvd.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|I never had time to watch even one episode of this series on TV, so I went and purchased the entire first season (the price was right) after a friend, with whom we share a taste for the X-Files, told me it was worth following.  Well... not quite, but not exactly.  First off, despite their similarities, I was very tempted to give this series a 4-star rating because I dislike the fact that the characters cannot solve any of their cases without looking up stuff online or using their cellphones.  The only one who doesn't do this is Walter, and I like him for using his brain better than Olivia (who's mostly driven, but doesn't seem to know much about things, except for the fact that she speaks German and can put a mean fight) or Peter.  Then, there's the thing that they never ever face an administrative-budgetary hiccup.  None at all!  In this economy, and with a government cutting expenses all over the place, how is it they have the money for this group?  I want my representatives at all levels asking questions here!     That said, I must admit that it's not a problem for me to sit and watch two episodes back to back every time I can.  The production standards are very high, the plots are twisty enough to not let the viewer a minute's rest, and the thrills are good.  The Pilot was incredibly good and sophisticated, but the second episode didn't live up to the standards set by the first.  However, the ambiance, the characters and Walter's shadowy past (despite his child-like behavior) keep drawing me back to watch the show.  The quality has improved, and even though I find the whole premise about Massive Dynamics a bit contrived, I must admit that it adds to the charm or fascination of the series.  Now... where are those who complained about Avatar being a corporate-bashing film and why don't they come to defend Massive Dynamics?    Unlike the X-Files, whose so-called \\"mythology\\" was haphazardly assembled as the series went along, \\"Fringe\\" shows up with a complete set ofteeth... and that lends it a lot of credibility.  All comparisons notwithstanding, I am finding it difficult not to watch two episodes every time...  Highly recommended!
0375714839|5.0|Here is the first paragraph from my personal book review (published on my personal blog, see profile for website info) on Marjane Satrapi's brilliant comic strip of memoirs:<br /><br />\\"picture. A few words in a book. A flashback. That is all it takes for our memories to be triggered from their dormant existence in the quiet corners of our mind. It can be nearly 30 years later and much may fade away in this life but some memories are pertinacious. No sooner had I opened the first page of Satrapi's \\"Persepolis\\" that I remembered the first day returning home from school in Iran......\\"<br /><br />I absolutely loved this book. I read it in 6 hours. I am moved and touched by the moving comic strips telling her compelling story. I will never forget. Thank you!
1595141715|5.0|I teach in a middle school and have grandchildren in high school.  I wish I could have all the kids I know read this book!  Without ever mentioning the word \\"bullying,\\" it is surely there.  The view of how things we do have a ripple effect that we can't imagine is so well crafted.  Without being preachy, the message in favor of thinking beyond what we know, acting in compassion, is clearly given.    Some one-star reviews criticize Hannah for blaming others and not taking accountability.  Suicide doesn't work that way...I suspect that there becomes a sort of tunnel vision in a suicidal person.  But I don't think she ever says her choice is anyone's fault; she just declares certain events as, well, as her 13 reasons!  Just the reasons that she felt more and more lost.      Others were concerned about her being vindictive, depressing those who received the tapes.  This IS a work of fiction!  It is a look behind what might happen in someone's head - no one REALLY received the tapes.  But for the reader who \\"hears\\" them, maybe occasionally he or she will think about this book and choose to act more kindly to someone.
B000SJHNB2|4.0|This little headphone amp does a good job at splitting out headphones. The quality isn't fantastic (especially if you turn it up past 3/4 the way up), but it is not too bad. Definitely not a pro solution, but works well if you need to save a few bucks.
1558908846|1.0|This was far and away the absolute worst move Sylvester Stallone or anyone ever made.  Maybe if you're eight years old and were brought up on a steady stream of comic books this movie might appeal to you, but otherwise-BEWARE.  I saw it roughly 12 years ago and still can't believe that it ever made it past the first week at the cinema.  Stallone must have done it only for the money, as it sure didn't do anything to advance his career.  The laughable line, \\"I AM THE LAW\\" was too pathetic, as were most of the other lines in this movie.  Again, BEWARE.
0307474712|5.0|Once you start to read this book, expect to let your responsibilities slide until you finish. This one is very hard to put down, and should make a great movie, too.  Dex and Em get together on graduation day, 1987, and spend the next twenty years pursuing lives with their friendship as a touchstone.  As all the permutations of their situations develop, I became more engrossed by the highs and lows. All the characters are true-to-life.  I really can't say enough good things. This one would be perfect for the beach, except you might forget the beach!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Okay, to get this straight:  My review is more of the actual Blu ray disc rather than the movie itself.  I saw the movie in 3D at my local theater, enjoyed it, was not that impressed with the actual story, but do consider the movie groundbreaking in terms of CGI and 3D use.    This is a disgusting example of double dipping by 20th Century Fox and for no real reason.  When you purchase this disc, you'll see either on Amazon or on the box itself in store that there are NO special features.  No trailers, no making of, no commentary by James Cameron.  Nothing.  Nada.  Nil. Zippo.  The movie is also presented in 2D only, but... Yay, you included the standard DVD film only disc as well.  Huh?  I bought the blu ray version because I wanted the blu ray version.  I'm sure somewhere out there (probably in James Cameron's mega box office funded mansion) exists a treasure room full of extras for this movie.  The only justifiable excuse for not including them (and it's not really justifiable) is that they didn't have time to get it all ready for this release.  This leads to my biggest confusion and question:  Why release this version at all when the movie was still near the top of the box office less than 2 months ago?      Would anyone, especially fans of this film, have suffered by waiting say 2 or 3 more months for a quality release?  I can understand if you tell me that you need more time to get the 3D version ready since it most likely will take advantage of the ultra new and ultra pricey 3D technology TVs, but If you told me that it would be ready, I don't know, lets say in August, I certainly would have waited.  For the love of Pete, the movie came out during the last 2 weeks of December!  Does anyone remember when Jurassic park came out on VHS?  The movie hit theaters in June of 1993.  It didn't bow on VHS until October of 1994!  It was an event.  Avatar comes out December 18, 2009 and is released on DVD and Blu ray on April 22, 2010!  Four months later?  Four months?  Make us wait a little.  Keep us hungry.      Of course the real reason this movie was released so soon (and don't tell me Earth Day) was so that the studio could cash in on the people that saw the box on the store shelf and thought to themselves, \\"Oh!  Look!  Avatar!  I loved that movie a few months back when I saw it on the big screen!  I have to have it!\\".  Within 6 months, they'll release a version with 3D and special features, and people will buy it.  Then they'll re-release the film with added content in theaters before they put that on the store shelves for people to buy.  My wager would be that within a year we will see at least 3 versions of Avatar released on Blu ray which is pretty disgusting.      Congratulations Fox.  You've stooped to new lows.  This in my opinion deserves a 1 star rating far more than the recent blu ray release of Lord of the Rings.  No, it's not the extended version, but for me the extended and theatrical cuts are both great versions.  I'll buy both with no complaints.  At least New Line or Warner or whoever owns the rights now did put a ton of special features on that release.
0142414999|5.0|Although Christmas is still a long way off, I really enjoyed reading this book. The three stories seamlessly weave together to form a complex yet integrated storyline. Hilariously entertaining!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|i didn't see the movie in theaters so i bought it as soon as it came out this move was excellent no questions asked even though the movie dosen't have special features it was still great. a movie like this dosen't need them
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I am forever reading poor reviews of Blu-Ray movies because of a lack of content or extras or internet link-up. What I crave as a movie buff is good theatrical presentation and Avatar does not disappoint. The picture is stunning and the sound is engulfing. You can't help but become completely invested in the entire story line of the film. After the latest Star Wars trilogy I was convinced that digital effects were becoming a type of \\"looky what I can do!\\" contest. Avatar has changed my mind. The effects in this film are seamless from live action to computer generated and make the story all the more engrossing. You find yourself trying to find items on the screen that look \\"fake\\" and it just doesn't happen. Watch this film on a High-def TV with surround sound and try and say that it's not the best viewing experience you've had with Blu-Ray. Regardless of what \\"special features\\" may be missing, a one-of-a-kind viewing experience is enough to make any disc special.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I've tried all day, since getting my DVD in the mail, to come up with really good words of praise for Avatar. I just don't have enough words to write a long stunning review, so I'll keep it short...    It is seldom nowadays to see an 'EPIC' motion picture that keeps you glued to your seat throughout. I am happy to say this is one of the best in my memory. The storyline was perfectly written, the cgi and especially the merging of cgi with live action was perfectly done. I have watched it three times in succession today, and really hope Mr. Cameron does a sequel soon...or 10!!!    **Edit** I can't understand how many people actually missed the enjoyment in this movie, or were disappointed 'only' because their disk didn't have \\"Extras\\" on it! Sure it has obvious similarities to other movies. I constantly thought of 'Dances With Wolves' all through it, but I consider that a major plus...this movie does something that very few movies do, it touches us deep down inside where we exist. If you have that 'special place' double locked and isolated in your life, then you'll miss everything important in the story. But if you have it open, then you'll feel the tingles all through your body while watching Avatar...ok ok, enough existensionalism, heh heh.    For those who truly want to know if this is really a good buy, yes it is!!!
B002VECM6S|5.0|Based on a true story, it shows people at their best.  Love can conquere all.<br />Sandra Bullock earned her Oscar for this film.  I've always liked her in drama<br />versus comedy.
0307463745|5.0|Emerson wrote, \\"tomorrow a stranger will say with masterly good sense precisely what we have though and felt all the time.\\"  Well today is that tomorrow for any small business owner who reads this book, especially those whose life's work is creating and selling intellectual property.  This is the most useful and thought provoking business book in years.  And their products do what they say.  Hat tip...
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I love True Blood and I had to have the first season.  I looked at a couple of different stores for prices and I found that Amazon.com was the best place to get it.  It was cheaper than most places and it was delivered super fast!  I will use this website again and again.  I love Amazon.com!
6305678715|5.0|I'm sorry but I must return this DVD. I had seen the movie before on VHS and had to give it away as I do not watch \\"R\\" rated movies. I missed that rating when I ordered it. I did not watch it. I did remove the wrapper and was about to watch it when I saw the rating and removed it from my set.    It is up to you as to whether you will accept the DVD in return.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|There are so mny reviews of this movie it makes no sense to add to them.  But I was so moved by this the urge to add my thoughts was undeniable.    When I first became interested in America and its history I thought very little of the country.  Then my attitude changed and I became a flag waver.  No I would like to wave the flag, but my view is clouded by what I've seen wrong with the country and the ignorance, stupidity and hyporacy of the elected officials and the voters who put them where they can do the most harm.  My fear is we will get the result we vote for.  Why should I care?  My time on this earth is growing very short, but there are people who are important to me and I don't want them to suffer because of the idiots who seem to have all the energy and wealth needed to rule our government.     I believe in the inevitability of revolution.  No group of people will support a government which neglects their human needs forever.  What I fear is who will lead and begin this revolution.  It looks very much like it will be the extreme right wing who demand the return to the good days of the past when America was great and the dhining city on the hill offering a beacon to the rest of the world.  Sounds great if you know nothing of the \\"good old days of moral values and the benefits of capitalism.\\"  Does communism work? No. For the same reason that Christianity does not work.  It is against human nature.  No one is willing to support the common good if it will cost him.  This is the same reason capitalism doesn't work.  It is a religion that recognizes and uses the basic flaws in human nature that keep us from being as human as we shouid be.  A newspaper columnist once said, \\"The trouble with the beautiful people is they are neither.\\"  This is the problem with the cpoitalist:  he is neither beautiful nor human.    I normally don't look at tthis type of show because it depresses me to realize there are many problems that I can do nothing about.  There are many errorof judgement that I cannot ecducate about.  When the radical right \\"leaders\\" advocate secession I say \\"let them go.\\"  Then I remember another movie where a two bit dictator declares war on the U. S. so he can get foreign aid from us.  Son't let Texas have any foreign aid.  They don't deserve it and wouldn't know how to use it.
B001OQCV2O|1.0|officially awful. i almost hung myself. you hold out hope that it might get better but just gets worse with every passing minute.
B00328G4V6|2.0|The \\"new\\" Hendrix album has a lot of old songs (e.g., Stone Free, Red House, etc.) plus several other songes that sound like preliminary versions of songs that eventually were polished further and released (often under new names) on posthumous albums \\"Rainbow Bridge\\" and \\"The Cry of Love.\\"    This record seems like Hendrix' misguided attempt to be a conventional blues player--something that unfortunately was encouraged by the conservative critics and their reception to \\"Electric Ladyland,\\" which praised only the most standard blues cuts and dismissed his most innovative cuts.  It seems a shame to hear Hendrix playing standard blues riffs in this \\"new\\" album, when he was capable of so much more creatively.    This is definitely \\"B\\" quality Hendrix.  It sounds like the outtakes and second-rate material that one would expect to be dredged up 40 years after his death.      My own bias is that the \\"Band of Gypsies\\" and \\"Live at the Fillmore\\" albums that were recorded over New Years 1969/1970 are the best indications of Hendrix at his most evolved.  He is blistering on those albums--absolutely astonishing.  And even the multiple recordings of the same songs on those albums all come out different because of Hendrix' remarkable improvisational ability.
006135323X|5.0|This is a great book.  If your in business or if you study behavior you will love this book.  It's very helpful to understand why people so many of the irrational things we do.    This also explains why free is such a powerful word and how our expecptations influence the results we experience.  A powerful book!     [[ASIN:006135323X Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions]]
B0024RIMBG|5.0|We played the DVD's many times. The more you play it, the better it gets. The group is astounding & their voices are heavenly!! You will thoroughly enjoy these DVD's, I guarantee it. I didn't know people could sing like these do.
B0026P3G12|5.0|Susan Boyle will be a great vocalist.  I`ll look foreward to hear mor from her.
B001IF252M|4.0|I purchased this to use it in a presentation for school, and it has worked exactly as I would have hoped. It's pricey (which is why I docked it 1 star), but it is very simple to use and seems to be made of quality materials. Would recommend it to others. As a note, I am using it with a 15\\" MacBook Pro(5,1).
B00275EGX8|2.0|This was an average rental. The critics got ecstasy over it but I honestly didn't feel it. [[ASIN:B0035WTJBG Saving Private Ryan  [Blu-ray]]] was a much better film than this in terms of a gripping war-movie, plot, and cinematography. The entire plot for this film pretty much focuses on the main character deciding whether to cut the blue wire or the red wire. That is the movie in a nutshell if you like that type of entertainment.
193413712X|3.0|Tinkers was a well reviewed first novel and I think it is a very promising debut.  Its recent Pulitzer Prize win was shocking to many as it wasn't on the radar of most critics or pundits.  I liked Tinkers but think that awarding it the Pulitzer was overdoing it a bit.  It's certainly not even close to the worst novel to win the prize but again I think, for me, it's a level below the really good Pulitzer Prize winners.    The maddening thing about reading this novel is that it has the parts to be brilliant.  The characters are vivid.  Some of the story lines are inspired.  I clearly felt the sadness of some of the characters and ultimately their desperation.    The basic story line is that George Washington Crosby is near death and looking back at his life.  For the largest and by far best section of the novel, George is a young boy.  He reminisces about life as a child but we also see this period from his father's point of view.  His father, Howard, is the most compelling character in the novel and the one I had the most affection for.    Howard is a man of little means with the heart of a poet.  He scrapes together a living by travelling around the rural backroads with his strange wagon of diverse wares.  Howard suffers from epilepsy and this is a burden both to himself and his family.  His son George and wife Kathleen both bear him some ill will for his affliction.  The readers feel Howard's sadness and desperation.    George grows up to be a fairly normal man who has a family and later in life makes a lot of money fixing old clocks.  He has a passion for tinkering with clocks and with hoarding the money he makes from this endeavour.    As mentioned, I think several of the storylines are brilliant.    For me, the book has two major flaws which wrongly or rightly, I'll attribute to it being a first novel.  The style is quite overdone.  His descriptions are long and though quite poetic, description occupies far too much space in the book.  These parts feel like thewritings of a college student.  Lots of similes, metaphors and meditations.  This is meant to augment the story and I believe it detracts.    The second flaw is that the stories are incomplete.  This usually doesn't trouble me as I don't mind loose ends.  In this case, there was a lot more elaboration on the key characters and stories that could have been done.  This is a very short book and I think the core could have sustained a longer and more fully realized novel.    I thought Tinkers was very promising and I definitely look forward to Harding's next work but I really thought it had flaws that you could classify as overexuberant.    I recommend Tinkers but with reservations.
B002VECMAE|1.0|Wasted time watching this film; you really must have nothing to watch if you sit through this entire movie
B002VPE1B6|4.0|The movie was excellent and one you can thoroughly enjoy even with its 2 hour and 40 minute run time.  Visually this is the best Blu Ray out there and really stands out if you have a 1080p TV set.  Only gave 4 stars due to fact that later this year the Special Edition will be released which is being touted to have over 40 minutes of extended footage and the Blu Ray goodies we are used to getting on all the new releases.  Bottom line, if you own a Blu Ray player and a 1080p TV, this is the movie to showcase it.
B00007K02F|1.0|Charlotte Bronte would be spinning in her grave if she knew what her novel had become.    While the casting of Charlotte Gainsbourgh, Joan Plowright and Elle McPherson is a major plus, William Hurt was a bad choice of casting, only George C Scott was a worse choice.    This movie is very rushed, loosing many of the details and intricacies that makes Jane Eyre what it is. To increase the horror, there is little, if no chemistry between the two leads and William Hurt looks a decade older the mid 30's that Rochester should be.
B0001WTVUW|5.0|Watched this movie as a 10 year old kid when it first came out. Scared me then, still scares me now. This movie is actually very 'soft' compared to the reality should a nuclear war ever happen. My wife uses this movie when she is teaching students about the Cold War. I also recommend The Road by Cormack McCarthy or the movie with Viggo Mortensen.
B002VECMAE|5.0|Where do I start? A wonderful film    Men Who Stare at Goats reveals the stupidity and banality of war and those who lead men to war. Set in Iraq, it could so easily have been set in Vietnam, or any crazy war of the past century. It shows the crazy ways men cope with the moral dilemmas of killing another human. A film about male bonding without earing skirts. Boys with toys they use for fun not war.  Men Who Stare at Goats asks what happened to the dreams of the 60's. Peace Man. This film must have been a hoot to make. I wish I'd been there.        Solid acting throughout from Geoff Bridges and Ewan McGregor. George Clooney reveals his range of acting skills, you can feel him twitch. Kevin Spacey as you've not seen him before.     Men Who Stare at Goats is set to become a cult movie. It enters my collection alongside MASH, Monty Python and Peter Seller's Being There.    And to think its based on fact? If a US President can say God told him to go to war, its got to be true.    Now I've got to buy the book (Ronson).     Buy the film. Join the New Earth Army.       Jack Dance
B003BLXKK2|5.0|I was introduced to Boondock Saints 1 by a friend and was hooked instantly. All Saints Day was everything and more! Just seeing the brothers again was like coming home after 10 years and re establishing friendships that had been on hiatus. The action sequences were bigger and dare I say it, better than the first. Sean Patrick Flanery and Norman Reedus continue to amuse with their antics and you can see the genuine affection and friendship come through in all their scenes together.     Billy Connolly reprises the role of Il Duce with the same flair he had in the first. Great to see that he has a bigger role this time around! Julie Benz was the perfect choice for the role of Special Agent Eunice Bloom. She comes across as super sexy but badass enough to keep you interested and she slots in nicely with the rest of the crew. Clifton Collins Jr is hysterical as Romeo. His facial expressions add to his charisma and you can't help but laugh at the brilliantly scripted and well executed lines he was fortunate enough to be given.     If you haven't seen Boondock Saints 1, I advise you to do so now. There are references to jokes that were present in the first movie that won't make any sense if you haven't seen it yet. The ending left me praying that there will be a third Boondock Saints movie.     All in all, I would have to say that this movie is just another example of the creative genius of Troy Duffy and a true credit to all the actors who star in this.
B000EAT246|3.0|What can you expect. It was the 80s. 300 bullets can't kill the hero, but only one can take out the bad guy. Who heard of a police chase with a Vega? PLEASE!
B002KVSJ64|5.0|I have all of their cd's and this is by far the best.  With each of their previous releases, as with most cd's, there are always one or two songs that you just aren't crazy about.  Not with this one!  Every song is outstanding, and at the end, you can't believe that it's over so quickly.  But that's the point; to leave the listener wanting more, and in this case they have done exactly that.
B001F12J3Y|5.0|bought it for a friends kid. he love it.3d was cool but glasses are not the most comfortable.
0743455967|5.0|I truly believe that Stephen King may go down as one of the most important writers of the late 20th/early 21st century.  That may be a stretch to some, but the man's work speaks for itself.  Some call him a hack, but I just don't see it.  His work stretches many genres and is inhabited by awesome characters.  Sure, some of these characters may be similar, but they are all still unique. He even wrote an epic in the great tradition of LORD OF THE RINGS (his Dark Tower series).      Like so many others out there, I love to write.  This book makes me a better writer.  I have enjoyed this volume in total three times; I have re-read parts of it dozens of times.  The advice is excellent, and it is presented in such an informal way.  This is not a textbook (which King says in the book).  He gives such wonderful advice to those who want to write.  Even if you don't want to be a writer, this is a great book.  There is a good portion of this book that is memoir.  King opens up about his life, and he reveals the struggles he went through.  I found his portion, though brief, about his recovery from the accident terrific.  This is a great book.  I strongly recommend it.
0061134007|4.0|Yes, if you want to know what to read next after you've completed the Millennium Trilogy -- you can start here.  This is a similarly epic take on the ills of a Scandinavian society in the guise of a page-turning crime thriller.  In fact, those outside Norway, may find this a little over-long, and indeed, the first section may lose you.  But stick with it, the final three-quarters are great stuff.
0439023483|5.0|I'm still trying to digest this book. I don't typically read science fiction, in fact, I believe it's my first. I only read it because I have 5th graders reading it and parents asking me about it. I avoided it for weeks. It's just not my type of book, but once I started, I couldn't put it down. I read it in one day, and now I know I'll have to read Catching Fire. This is a gripping story that takes a hard look at humanity. It's thought provoking, and rather frightning. I was told it was about \\"kids killing kids\\", but in reality it is so much more. The layers and depths of this book go far beyond this simple premise. It's like a combination of that story I read in high school, The Lottery, and the one about the hunter becoming the hunted (I can't remember the title), The Lord of the Flies, and today's reality shows. Collins blends all of this together with a flavor of 1800's wilderness survival and modern times, but puts the story in a futuristic setting where democracy no longer reigns. This book requires mature thought. It's a rare 5th grader who can read this book and grip its many underlying meanings and layers. I would preserve this for high school. I think it would make an interesting study in (female protagonist) character if you put it together with Graceling by Kristen Cashore.
0596527055|4.0|It is as some others readers mentioned; when you pick up this book , you will not put it down until read from cover to cover.  Scott has a great style of writing: simple, with humor, and understandable to the non-scientific folks.  Even though the subject of book is not something new (many have written books on this subject, some with a scientific appraoch and others just statistics/facts-based), this book was not boring or more of the same thing to me. Thx Scott, and keep writing ;)
0375842209|4.0|The Book Thief, by Markus Zusak is one of the best historical fictions ever written. Told from deaths point of view, this depressing and suspenseful book keeps you drawn in. It is about a young girl, Liesel, who lives in Germany during World War II. The family she lives with has a Jew hidden in their basement. She knows that this can cause the family problems but she has to keep on with her daily way of life so that people don't get suspicious. It is hard for a young girl to keep a secret this big, but Liesel does her best so she can protect her and her family. This book is written for teens and adults who enjoy history. Zusak did a wonderful job making sure this book was historically accurate and he made sure that there was so much detail and feeling that you feel like you become part of the book. The only thing that would make this book better is if he would have left out those annoying bold parts that randomly show up. I am not the biggest fan of reading but this is a book that I didn't want to put down. I would recommend this to anyone who enjoys history.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|When I started watching the Vampire Diaries I figured it would just be yet another lame teen-drama like the Twilight movies. One which I would not continue to watch.. but my curiosity and good humor wanted to give it a chance at least. About two or three episodes in.. I was hooked. This series has a gripping edgy feel to it.. despite the overused vampire romance subject matter of today's popular teen dramas. It has just the right amount of teen angst coupled with the classic wit and charm seen in previously popular cult classics such as Buffy the Vampires Slayer. Overall, I must say I am impressed. This show has a great cast, entertaining plot, and did I mention the eye-candy? ;)
B000Y7U98W|4.0|What a marvellous, but flawed, piece of cinema. Flawed in a good way, like a flawed hero: flawed in a way that makes it all the more necessary to see.<br /><br />Sunshine, like the name of the spaceship it centres around (\\"Icarus II\\" - it being number II is just inspired - implication: haven't you learned your lesson?) has large elements of Greek tragedy and human hubris: it is probably no accident that the premise of the film is quite preposterous: that a small band of humans are sent to kick-start the dying sun by firing a nuclear device \\"the size of Manhattan\\" at it. No matter that the sun, itself really just a giant nuclear reactor, is billions of times the size of Manhattan - a point repeatedly made by Danny Boyle in establishing shots of the spaceship, and the planet mercury, dwarfed by the colossal inferno that the crew are flying towards.<br /><br />Boyle's cinematography is exquisite: there are number of timeless set pieces which convey utterly the forlorn weediness of homo sapiens in the face of the almighty grandeur of the cosmos. Elsewhere the screen rendering is inventive and at all times eloquent and elegant. There is some amusing implausibility embedded (and not just the film's very premise: for example: gravity seems to come and go with air pressure), but none which can't be happily thrown into the suspended disbelief bucket for a couple of hours. This is a very thoughtful and stylishly composed film, and one that would render far more impressively on a cimema screen than at home on a television (which, alas, is where I saw it). The music is intelligent, too, with reminiscence of Brian Eno's [[ASIN:B002DKF55U Apollo: Atmospheres and Soundtracks]].<br /><br />That's not to say it is massively coherent: perhaps by deliberate intent, Boyle poses big questions but is less interested in answering them. This is a time-honoured tradition in \\"intelligent science fiction\\" of course - some would say it's a characteristic of the  very best films in the genre (for example [[ASIN:0571219721 Solaris]] and [[ASIN:B000JJS982 2001: A Space Odyssey]], both of which Sunshine resembles in significant ways).<br /><br />That said, and for all its visceral beauty, in Sunshine it is often difficult to make out exactly what is going on, or why. Icarus II experiences malfunctions which necessitate two astronauts taking a space walk to assess and repair damage: it isn't clear what caused the damage, how they're getting along with fixing it, or why events transpire they way they do. There are several plot developments which aren't sufficiently trailed, and it felt to me that this was a case of rushed exposition rather than design.  While there are no obvious flaws in the special effects as presented, you do get the sense they've been filmed carefully so as not to over-expose their limitations: blurring, jarring jump-cuts, lens flare and so forth are creatively employed. As a result, you have no choice but to let the ambiguity and incoherence wash over you and enjoy the film for the questions it asks and the images it presents, rather than a coherent statement of a narrative arc.<br /><br />This becomes harder to do as the film reaches its conclusion, where it becomes more character and plot driven than in the early exchanges. Here the rushed exposition does let the film down: None of the characters are particularly well expounded (there is an early fight between two of them that is never explained), and a little bit more attention to back story might have helped clarify the narrative intent. Sunshine isn't an overly long film, and you do sense a \\"director's cut\\" adding in some of this back story would make a difference. Searle's character, for example, definitely had more scope for depth than was ultimately expounded, and more attention could have been paid to the plight of Icarus I.<br /><br />The Amazon readership has marked Sunshine very harshly: Perhaps they expected something like [[ASIN:B002Y2K2O6 Armageddon]]: This is definitely atthe other end of the science fiction spectrum. It is a film which would repay re-watching for sure.<br /><br />Olly BuxtonIt is a film which would repay re-watching for sure.    Olly Buxton
0307271862|4.0|Long a fan of Mankell from his Kurt Wallander novels, his latest effort is another page-turner from him. The story opens with the discovery of a horrible mass murder in a remote northern Swedish community. As news of the event takes place, a Swedish judge learns about it and soon recognizes the home and her connection to the victims.  Traveling to the community where she spent summers as a youth she discovers facets of the crime that the police are uninterested in as she learns of another grisly murder in the United States and a mysterious Chinese male. Mankell weaves in the story of a poor Chinese man hijacked to the United States and forced to labor on the railroad by a sadistic Swedish immigrant boss. Turning to today, we learn that the murders are revenge for the humiliation's suffered by the ancestor of a powerful, ruthless psychopath who kills all who stands in the way of his economic plans as well as complete his revenge with the Judge targeted. Mankell blends history as well as elements of contemporary international relations here for another satisfying read.      My star rating is deliberately conservative and should not be viewed as any criticism. I really enjoyed this latest novel by a favorite author of mine.
B001HNE3NO|5.0|Sarah's Key was one of the best books I have read this year. Recommended by one of my pastors, I have continued to recommend it to others such as my aunt. We are all in agreement: we want to see more from Tatiana de Rosnay! This deubt book holds such promise for her future books.    Sarah's Key is a heart-wrenching story told between present day and in the past. Words cannot describe the emotions you will feel throughout the duration of this book.    Cannot wait for more! Please try this book, you will not be disappointed!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|this was one of the best movies i have ever seen specialley in theatres and wether that remains to have carry overed without 3d imax was a question i had that has finalley been answered. YES!!!!!! the clor on this blu ray jumps off the screen and with amazing audio it still makes the movie 3d without glassses.    Now to answer some more questions there is no special features, deleted scenes, comentary, or even trailers. it is as barebones as it gets. But i am still giving it 5 stars because of the presentation with the best picture i have ever seen and audio i have ever herd. plus i am tired of these bitchers giving this movie 1 star. know what you are buying befor u buy it and then later dont cry about it.
B0006212Q8|5.0|Roy Orbison has been one of my favorite vocalists for years ( I'm 79 and still love to listen to his music ) Such a shame we lost such a talented man at such a young age. Alas his music lives on !
B002VPE1AW|1.0|I hate giving this movie  a negative review but although the special effects are terrific it lacks an original plot. Admittedly I didn't care for the first Avatar air bender series and the continuation of the worn out plot -- Evil white men plunder alien planet destroying the natural habitat of a loving culture which is in tune with nature. Maybe they should stick to aliens coming out of the stomachs of corporate miners who are protected by militant women marines. 3-D movies came out in the 50's and are fun to watch but the 3-D effects are lost on home viewers who rent the movie. With the price of theater tickets sky rocketing and the shortage of jobs and money I suggest saving your cash (if you still have any) and use it for necessities. Remember 'all that glitters isn't gold'. Maybe your kiddies would like this fairy tale.
B002ZG99G8|4.0|\\"The Losers,\\" based on the Vertigo/DC Comic, is a rollicking, fast-paced action-comedy film that seems to enjoy itself as much as it wants others to enjoy. Which is not hard since it's extremely entertaining.<br /><br />The Losers are a Special Forces team led by Jeffrey Dean Morgan, famous from being \\"The Comedian\\" in \\"The Watchmen\\" movie. His Clay is a tough, no-nonsense type that has a firm grip on his conscience. So when his team is on a CIA-led mission to pinpoint an airstrike location, and children show up unexpected, he puts his and his team's life in jeopardy to rescue them. The ensuing events make the team international scapegoats. Faking their deaths, the team waits to plan its next move when Clay meets Aisha, who knows who they are and offers them revenge on the CIA official named Max responsible for their plight.<br /><br />The rest of the film follows the team and its twisty, turvy path of vengeance. Morgan channels the roguishness of The Comedian into a decidely more likable and sympathetic character. Zoe Saldana, who plays Aisha, has the appropriate air of toughness, vulnerability, and mystery to fuel her character. The rest of the team rounds out with Idris Elba as Roque, the second-in-command, Chris Evans as Jensen, the silly jokester always coming on to women, Columbus Short as Pooch, who struggles with being thought of as dead as his wife is close to giving birth to their child, and Oscar Jaenada as the taciturn sniper Cougar. Jason Patric makes the most of his villainous turn as Max.<br /><br />The movie is loud, boisterous, funny, exciting, and silly. It is also quite enjoyable.
1851775722|5.0|Be very careful with this book.  I was enchanted with the cover and thought it was a new book by Lucy Johnson....only to discover that I already had purchased the same book four years ago with a different cover.  Lucky for me I browsed the other two options showing the different cover before purchasing this one, or I would have had to go through the trouble of returning it.  It is an absolutely marvellous book with lots of photos of stunning creations.  Very drool-worthy and inspiring.  If you love fashion and don't have the different covered book, by all means, buy it!
B0037W68F4|1.0|This album is completely different than Oracular Spectacular and is truly disappointing. Unoriginal and difficult to listen to, Congratulations is a struggle to get through. There are zero catchy songs, no interesting chord progressions like Weekend Wars on OS , for example, and no cohesive sound that makes this album stand out. This will be disastrous for MGMT.
B000022TSH|5.0|This is a remarkable film, possibly the best work of it's director, Polanski, it's leading actor, Nicholson, and it's screenwriter, Towne. The film is bathed in sun-drenched landscapes suggesting dehydration and water scarcity. This film works at a leisurely pace and is a loving recreation of 30s noir.Jake Gittes is a well-dressed private eye,who has a dark past as a Chinatown cop, he'd rather not talk about. As played by Nicholson he is a cynical, cool operator with a hint of vulnerability and makes enough to hire two co-workers. He works in the field of divorce and adultery. The title is more about a state of mind: everybody does as little as possible, and if you help people you make sure you hurt them. But the film ends in Chinatown. The main subject is water shortages and the corrupt diversion of water supplies from the LA populace to irrigate orange groves. There is also land theft going on: bought cheaply and sold at enormously inflated prices.     Against this public corruption, there is a story of incest and sexual scandal, all coming together in the figure of Noah Cross(Huston),played malevolently with great swaggering malice. He \\"owns\\" the future and pulls all the strings, leading to the murder of Hollis Mulwray, his business partner, and Chief Engineer of the LA Water Department.Hollis's wife, Evelyn(Dunnaway), sets Gittes on the trail of what happened. She is a very alluring femme-fatale with many secrets,which she slowly reveals to Gittes. She is Cross's daughter and she seems to know about the young woman her husband was supposed to be having an affair with. Nicholson changes from a dapper, witty , charming teller of jokes to a man who gets in over his head and becomes bloodied,bowed but doggedly determined to unravel the whole sorry mess.     The cinematography is excellent with low horizon wide screen vistas of muted colours and radiant light. We are between the desert and the sea with low-slung architecture and nothing to blot out the sunlight but shadow.The music is jagged and drawn out. This is Polanski's first Hollywood film since the murder of his wife, Sharon Tate in 1969. It was also with the forthcoming sex trial, going to be his last.His future might have been different. He imbues the film with a sense of Greek tragedy,giving it the darkest(and best) ending possible, taking your breath away. He plays a mean cameo role as the midget who slices Nicholson's nose.Faye Dunnaway is remarkable in the role of a patrician lady with a dark vulnerability. Nicholson never acted better, with `The Passenger' and `One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest' ahead.The script is lean, tight and full of witty lines(it went on to win Oscar for screenplay).This is real noir without one cliché, and real backbone and bite. Polanski's personal tragedies have a great bearing on the crushing despondency of the outcome.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Problems with playback,I thought it was my player,it has the latest updates.I have many reviews,and many people are having the same issues,with various players.Too bad!It looks like they were in a hurry to release this.I own many titles,and this is the only one with issues.Most dreadful:the time-line keeps popping-up during the movie,and the further you go,the more frequent the pop-up.
B00275EGWY|5.0|From an account by New Yorker journalist Boal,a reporter embedded with an IED unit in Iraq we get this realistic account of Bravo Company, a trio of bomb squad technicians,Sgt William James(Renner),Sgt. Sanborn(Mackie) and Specialist Owen Eldridge(Geraghty) who have 38 days left to serve before they go home from this cycle of duty. Bigelow has crafted a series of incredibly tense moments(with accuracy) without a satisfying overall cohesion to string them together.We are done with ideology,heroics,politics,just a grounded sense of being in Baghdad,Iraq when any moment a bomb(IED) or sniper or suicide bomber can snuff you out.There is a count down of time which organises the scenes,the time they are there,the time between finding and defusing a bomb,the time it takes for a timer device to go off on an unwilling suicide bomber.Bigelow pulls off a remarkable feat with a series of 4 hand-held cameras,swivelling in all directions,and Ackroyd's cinematography.Story and plot are minimal,situation, suspense and unpredictability of event are major factors and the adrenalin pumping through Sgt James's veins.The development of the 3 main characters in Bravo's EDO is just enough to take you through each tense scenario. Eldridge runs on fear and desperation(having to see the psychologist),Sandborn wants to do things by the book, hating uncertainty and poor communication,and James often takes unnecessary risks,endangering his men.He does this by suiting up like an astronaut all the time instead of sending in the Bot,he then often takes his headset off or his suit,while doing a job,while his men scan nearby balconies or roofs.There are booby-trapped cars and blown up tankers.Every Iraqi,child or goat is a potential bomb,every mobile phone may set one they are dealing with off. Sgt James has the calmness of a psychopath while dealing with detonators and wires and yet he has a good relationship with an Iraqi boy selling DVDs or playing football.One of the best scenes is in a desert shoot-out with insurgents, emphasising duration,sweat,solidarity,especially when Sgt James gets Eldridge to clean blood out of bullets to be fired in a Barret rifle and the sharing out of drinks,the heat,the sand and the grit.The contrast is well made with civilian life at the end of the rotation when Sgt James shops for cereal in a supermarket and plays with his son,but is soon back in the field.I noticed there was not a lot of army back-up around,nor army vehicles.I know Bigelow did not get any support from the services nor funding and yet created this sense of a big subject.The disorientation of walking through rubbish-strewn streets which have been emptied and watching eyes.The emphasis is on the interaction of the characters,the macho horseplay,moments of uncertainty and reflection,and the cold,hard possibility of being blewn to oblivion.The two least likely scenes - James going off into the night to look for`Beckham's' house,and him searching with his fellow soldiers back alleyways on the outer circumference of a bomb blast to find a bomb insurgent.But, what a film...
B002QGUFWE|5.0|I always considered Madonna overrated. After watching Lady Gaga's videos, I realize why. BTW, who is Madonna anyway? Some kind of American girl singer, right?<br /><br />Lady Gaga must be the ultimate pop star. Or fame moster. The fact that nobody knows whether the lady is male, female or something else entirely, adds spice to the dish. (When I saw \\"Poker Face\\", I assumed we were dealing with a trannie!) And what are we to make of the dancers in \\"Bad Romance\\", who look like the evil creatures from the Alien movies?<br /><br />I'm particularly intrigued by the \\"European\\" features of Gaga's music. The anthem-like refrains sound European, as do some of the intros. Italodisco? One song, \\"I like it rough\\", reminds me of Depeche Mode. Indeed, Gaga's jealous critics have accused her of cut-and-pasting the music and visual concepts of many others. Of course she has. That's how we do it in Europe! ;-)<br /><br />Lady, what are you doing in Hollywood? Put your act together and come over here instead! How about living the easy life in Monaco for a change? Or how about representing some obscure European nation in the Eurovision Song Contest?<br /><br />Twelve points for Lady Gaga!
B003102JDM|5.0|A Serious Man. Joel and Ethan Coen are remarkably relaxed in their film making. They are cosy with each other,co-directing their films,creating ambience on their sets.They followed No Country For Old Men, a commercial,critical success,with this return to their Minnesotan mid-western roots.They want to show us the 60s,Jimmy Hendrix, Jefferson Airplane,but through a brown filter, that of  a Jewish family that are undergoing tribulations,loosely based on the Old Testament Book of Job.Their prologue of the dybbuk in the shetl laid down the tone, the idea of the curse.The film depicted a traditional Jewish family in a deadpan, laidback, dry- bone way.<br /><br />The central character,physics professor Larry Gopnik(Stuhlbarg),is passive,decent, put-upon man,husband, father, brother,teaching physics(Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle,Schrodinger's cat),filling boards with equations,but can't understand his life.He is being bribed by a Korean student to upgrade him in maths, who understands the stories not the math.,he's also suing him.His wife,the dominant partner wants a divorce to marry his best friend, Sy.He is coming up for tenure and poison letters are being sent to the University committee about him.His brother ,socially inept and involved with the Kaballah and gambling,lives with him. His kids are nightmarish,a mystery.His neighbours are wacky,one a redneck, the other a potsmoker  sunbathes nude.His solicitor's bills are expensive.He struggles to make sense of it all.<br /><br />Larry seeks answers from the rabbis in his community to understand the mess his life has become.He approaches 3 rabbis with various results, you can only ask questions you can't gain answers or seek explanations.It's how you react to it, see different perspectives. What comes across is the squirm-inducing situations Gopnik finds himself in,and the gentle,wry way the Coens are able to wring humour out of Jewishness without in any way laughing at it or sending it up.They insert a lot of Jewishwords in the screenplay,which are explained in the extras.There are shocking nightmare scenes and a funny post-pot smoking Bar Mitzvah scene.With the ending you have to see the bribe being alive and dead like Schrodinger's cat and God speaking out of the whirlwind.A Yoda-Rabbi quoting Grace Slick,that's a first! Brilliant cinematography(Deakins),fantastic acting by Michael Stuhlbarg.
0470450266|5.0|This is my second Scott Spencer Book. the first - ZBrush Character Creation: Advanced Digital Sculpting,set the standard, and this one exceeded it. The first book really impressed me, this second has blown me away. With both books, the accompanying DVD is worth the price of purchase. it is full of example files, sculpting demos and tutorials.   The book is big, thick and heavy. The reason for this is not its text content, It's the very large number of illustrations, all of which are printed in full color.    I own both The Atlas of human anatomy, as well as Bridgemans Drawing from life, and this book compares very well with those books. In fact i would recommended this book to any artist studying human anatomy, the instruction and illistration is that good.    The real wow factor for me on this book, is it is different from any other computer application text i have ever read. The book is far less about click hear and click there, or dated by just the current version of the software. In fact the vast majority of this book cover the timeless study of the human body. not only that, but its sculptural construction. This helps any artist, where they are using ZBrush, Mudbox, Modo, Blender or even traditional Clay to create characters. This is the first and only book Ive seen address the issue of more classical education for modern technical artists.     The only drawback to this book is also its strength. The model created in the book is of a Heroic Male. This model serves well for a good number of applications, but I would have really enjoyed a section on anatomical differences. For example, female, older, obese , and youth.    Overall i strongly recommend this book to any artist that wants to learn the figure, no matter what the application. It is one of the few books out there that helps not only with familiarizing yourself with a program, but will help you improve your art as well.
B001GCUO5M|4.0|Scorsese,freed now from the Oscar-chase,revels in the tool-box of cinema styles and genres.He is a magician of film-making.He loves film and can quote from film-noir of the 40s and 50s.This is a B-movie with A-listed actors,production design,effects and cinematography,adapted from a Denis Lehane novel.This is not the Scorsese of great films like Taxi Driver,Mean Streets,Raging Bull,Goodfellas,King of Comedy,no, this is the Scorsese of `entertainments'.We know,before seeing the film, he's paying homage to Hitchcock(Vertigo),Tourneur(Out of the Past),Fuller(Shock Corridor),Preminger(Laura).Themes of the 40s and 50s were of post-war trauma,cold war paranoia, McCarthyism,mind control,the abuses of psychiatry,Nazism,neo-noir,madness vs.sanity.We have elements of the Haunted House of horror in the lead in and the build up,with the boat chugging through the fog and Penderecki's fog-horn quavers as Teddy Daniels(DiCaprio) throws up,telling himself to \\"pull yourself together\\".This being a call to sanity in a realm where people may lose their mind.Teddy and his partner Chuck Aule(Ruffalo),US Marshalls, must negotiate an isolated asylum,Ashecliffe Hospital for the criminally insane,where identities shift,and the greatest threat comes from what cannot be seen.They are searching for Rachel Solando,a patient who murdered her children,and mysteriously went missing.As in film-noir,the character of Teddy comes with baggage.Daniels is tormented by migraines,by dreams of his dead wife,Dolores(Williams) and by memories of the liberation of Dachau. The subtext is more important than the main subject.Each scene is densely packed with visual significance.Daniels tells Aule he requested this mission to find a patient named Andrew Laeddis,an arsonist he believes killed Dolores.He also believes that Ashecliffe is conducting secret experiments on its patients and he intends to tell the truth.Daniels,searching for Aule,finds a woman hiding in a cave,who says she is the real Rachel Solando,a psychiatrist imprisoned for questioning the hospital's practises.He's told in Ward C Lauddis is in the Lighthouse.What goes on there?     Does the film work? No.How do we know the narrative's real events are not themselves dreamed?Are rats pouring over a cliffside a gothic folly(a mental figment)or real?As Daniel's hallucinations take over and push the movie off balance from a necessary baseline of reality and the forward momentum is lost in the many one-to-one explanations that Teddy receives.The sudden shift into psychodrama undermines the thriller framework.Daniels is also infused by psychotropic drugs.Can we trust our senses in this shuttered world?Scorsese is the arch manipulator of the fragments Teddy must shore against his ruin: a study of madness in which the protagonist conflates the evil he has been exposed to with his own crimes and associated guilt.Out of this dark labyrinth and creep-show shocker looms a world of H-bombs and Nazi-styled surgical experiments and brain-washing.As Noyce tells Teddy:\\"This is a game.All this is for you...If you don't let it go,you'll never leave this island\\".The acting cameos are superb,Kingsley,Von Sydow,Mortimer,Clarkson,Haley,Lynch,Williams.Each scene is densely crafted visually but the overall arc of the film is less certain.The ending,a mighty twist we saw coming, but is lobotomy the only solution for delusion?
B002VPE1AW|5.0|From other reviews I've read, I was expecting a so-so story with very good special effects. But the greatest praise I can give this movie is that as I watched it I completely forgot about the special effects.  The art and the effects were done so expertly and are amazing but they were done solely to support the story, rather than the other way around.  I was completely pulled into this world and  the relationship between Jake and Neytiri.  The love story is never forced on you, there are no corny scenes that are supposed to show you they're falling in love.  It just happens in the background almost at the same time as you are falling for Neytiri and her world.  Seriously, I may have a crush on a 9ft tall blue alien!  This movie is great entertainment and great film-making that allows itself to be whatever you want it to be or are capable of seeing.  There are some very deep messages and considerations going on which provided a lot of the emotion for me.  But if you're just looking for action, that is there too in sizable quantities.  I'm probably rambling now but I just have to say one more thing...thank you Mr. Cameron and all the other people responsible for making this movie.  I absolutely love it and can't wait for the next edition to come out with extended scenes.
B00004XPPE|5.0|I believe this cold war thriller to be a real scare movie in that it could have happened.A Sidney Lumet film in black and white based on a novel by Burdick and Wheeler.The USAF did not cooperate in the use of any film sequences for the SAC headquarters or the bombers,so we get stock footage of B58 Hustler planes renamed `Vindicator Bombers'.This film was sued due to its similarity of theme to Dr Strangelove which was based on a different book.However I feel this subject matter is technically and dramatically different.Serious treatment of the subject is warranted.Following the Cuban Missile Crisis(1962) the world was on the brink of nuclear holocaust.Machine or man-made error was a distinct possibility.Due to the assertion of hardware malfunction leading to what transpires in the film USAF/Defence Dept.withdrew their support and the film had a minimal budget.The action scenes are set for the most part in bunkers, the Strategic Air Command headquarters and on planes.A computer error sends a squadron of SAC bombers hurtling towards Russia to drop their atomic weapons on Moscow due to the use of an attack code instead of a recall order. AirForce Commander Frank Overton tries to establish radio contact with the bombers,but once the pilots have passed the `fail-safe' point,they've been instructed to ignore any reversal of orders.Their radios have been jammed by the Russians.US President Henry Fonda( and interpreter Larry Hagman)racing against time are unable to call them back due to the fail-safe system and alert the Russians of the impending nuclear disaster to avoid retaliation.He has to convince them it's an accident.Working in concert with SAC,the Russians send up interceptors to shoot down the American bombers.Fighters have tried to shoot them down but run out of fuel and crash.Oneaircraft piloted by Edward Binns,escapes destruction and continues to its target.Fail-Safe uses a minimalist documentary format with the use of strong top light,with claustrophobic close-ups,legato sustained shots,dolly shots and long silences.Tension is realistically maintained and is stepped up at each stage.There is a battle of ideas between Groetescele's(Mathau) idea that ATOMIC WAR WAS WINNABLE and the concept of limited war,an extreme machiavellian anti-marxist,vs General Black(O'Herlihy)whose ominous dream opens the film,he sees how unstoppable nuclear war is.In desperation, the President offers to sacrifice an American city(relying on hisold buddy `Blackie' to do the deed knowing his wife and kids are there) if his pilots succeed to bomb Moscow.This cold war thriller builds tension and suspense with its use of the big screen at SAC headquarters to chart the movement of bombers on a World Map.The ending comes as a shock.
B000059TFO|5.0|JUST CAN'T UNDERSTAND HOW AWFUL PEOPLE CAN BE TO ONE ANOTHER.I HAVE IT ON VHS AND JUST GOT IT ON DVD
B002T9H2LA|5.0|The film starts with the introduction of two of the main characters who also happen to be the best actors: Colonel Hans Landa((Christoph Waltz) and Shosanna Dreyfus (Laurent) with the heading `once upon a time in Nazi-occupied France'. The firstimage opens upon a bucolic farm scene and sets the template for the rest of the film.A farmer with his 3 daughters, a spaghetti western theme arrives with the Nazis.Tarantino brilliantly captures the mounting tension with Landa's interrogation of the farmer over the dinner table.The subject of his mission is to find the missing Dreyfus family who are hidden beneath the floorboards.The farmer smokes a pipe and so does Landa(Sherlock Holmes style).The Nazi switches speaking from French to English and soon the farmer is forced into cheque mate, divulging the whereabouts of the family,who are shot through the floorboards,while Shosanna escapes.     We move on to a few years later to the Lieutenant Aldo Raine(Brad Pitt) and his troop of Basterds,Jewish soldiers about to engage in targeted acts of retribution e.g. to take100 scalps each and drive terror into the Nazis.They also have a handy way of marking survivors for life with a swastika carved in their forheads.They are parachuted behind enemy lines and proceed to ambush and murder Nazis.In their commandos is the `Jewish Bear'(Eli Roth) who despatches Nazis with a baseball bat to the head and body.Also they have a German who murdered Nazis in Germany, Stiglitz(Til Schweiger),a kind of Charles Bronson figure.Adolph Hitler is derpicted as a camp and ranting comic figure who stops survivors mentioning the Basterds.     The 3rd of 5 chapters shows Shosanna grown older and her cinema.She has a season of German films, Lubitsch and Pabst.The heroic private Fred Koller flirts with her and she is `invited' to a meal with Koller and Goebbels and his French mistress.They tell her they want to use her cinema to premiere the propaganda film Nation's Pride.She meets Landa in a strudel-eatingscene in which the tension mounts unbearably.With her assistant and black boyfriend Marcel she hopes to ignite 35mm celluloid film stock while the Nazi elite are all watching the film.This will be her revenge,as Hitler,Goebbels,Bormann and Goering will all be attending.     The last two scenes are 40 minutes long each.The first called Operation Kino shows a German-speaking British soldier,Lieutenant Hicock(Fassbinder excellent),a film critic of German cinema,being informed by Brit General (Mike Myers) of a plan to blow up the German elite in the cinema.His undercover-agent will be a German actress, Bridget Von Hammarsmark(Kruger) and assists will be the Basterds.They will all meet in a tavern in Nadine, called La Louisianne, to find a way into the premiere.Hicock and two Basterds meet Bridget but there are Nazi privates present celebrating Willi's baby birth.They are pestered by Willi who sits with them and though they speak German he detects their accents are strange.They ask him to leave.An SS officer has a verbal duel with Hicock around a table like in a spaghetti western due to the suspicious accents with breath-taking suspense,leading to a shoot-out.Willi and Bridget survive(she wounded).There is a mexican stand-off as Aldo from upstairs bargains for Bridget. Aldo and 2 Basterds want to be escorts of Bridget to the premiere but they only speak a little Italian. Landa meanwhile finds the bodies and a female shoe and the missing person of the shoot-out is shown by her autograph to Willi on a napkin.This will lead to her death later.     The 2 revenge plots converge at Shosanna's theatre.There is a remarkable comic scene out of the Marx Brothers as Aldo and Co, answer in Italian.The theatre is the culmination of the mounting drama as the cinema becomes like Gotterdamerung going up in flames and the fleeing Nazis are machine-gunned.Aldo carves into Landa's forehead, after he surrenders,saying\\"this may well be my masterpiece\\".The film is a revenge fantasy with extremely funny dialogue,set-piece scenes in a multiple story-line with the use of rock and roll music to pick up the pace.It plays fast and loose with history,using comic book characters and creative poetic license.It is not a Dirty Dozen action film,indeed it loses the Basterds quite soon.The female characters are well developed.Tarantino is back on form and we have missed his dialogue- driven films in stories written and directed by himself.Waltz's performance is scintillating as the sardonic,sly,charming,ruthless Nazi Colonel and will get awards.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|MY WIFE'S FRIEND WANTED THIS FILM FOR HER GRAND KIDS.SEEN THIS WHEN I WAS A KID
B002YMWPUA|5.0|Hunger does what it says on the tin,it abstracts from a polemical,ideological situation about hunger strikes in the Maze Prison in Northern Ireland in 1981 and removes the heat of the local personalities and history of the time, and gives us a film based on the individual humanity and decisions of individuals based at a stressful time.We get the essence without the controversy,coming as it does 27 years after the events described.We also get a film maker who has come from making video art works into the strange world of film making with all its taboos and shibboleths.Bobby Sands is the central character but doesn't come in until 35 minutes into the film.So the performance does not shout:this is Bobby Sands,he arrives as an organic part of the central and last triptychs.The films tripartite structure moves through the physical-the sheer claustrophobic hell of physical beatings,to the ideas at the heart of the motivation behind the hunger strike in the immaculate boxing match dialogue,to the wasting away of a human body in its last defence against an all powerful state.     The film opens with taking us through the daily rituals of Officer Lohan(Graham) as he prepares himself for another day's work in prison.He is lonely,suffers stress,we see crumbs dropping as he eats his breakfast.We see him smoking outside and snowflakes falling on his bloodied knuckles.As he leaves and opens his front gate like a prison door,he searches under his car for any bomb devices.In the Maze we see the admission process of another prisoner Brian and his refusal to wear prison uniform,and his receipt of a blanket as he is lead to his cell.Inside his cell, walls smeared with faeces greet him and he is met by Davey.There are scenes where the blanket protest is followed by the `dirty' protest,where prisoners object to having the status of `political prisoner' removed,they smear their cell walls with faeces or they empty their urine under their cell doors into the main corridor where it meets other streams of urine. Also the prisoners don't wash,let their hair grow long, leave food to rot on the cell floor. Every so often the men are pulled out of their cells and made to run the gauntlet of officers in full armoury as they run naked under the blows that rain down on them or they are forcibly scrubbed in a bath by several warders,hair cut.All the prisoners want is to be able to wear their own clothes, freely associate,receive letters and parcels once a week and not be treated like criminals.They have to resort to smuggling thingslike radio receivers up their anus from visitors or concealing paper notes in their mouths.The prison officers,often of the UDA,resent the conditions and stress of their work and the anxiety of being killed themselves as Lohan is when he visitshis dementing mother in an old people's home.Sixteen in all were killed at the time.We get the cold hand of the state with an implacable disembodied voice of Margaret Thatcher on radio.     The central unexpected part of the film is a static two takes 22 minute dialogue shot backlit in the visitors room between Sands(Fassbender) and Father Moran (Cunningham).Before this everything had been filmed without dialogue, setting the context of the dysfunction and degradation of the prison environment.Now Sands goes head- to-head in an argument with the priest .They both start off bantering,then talk of their respective childhoods,Sands telling Moran how he became a leader. They move into more serious gear with Moran arguing that he is speaking to a dead man,why not value his life and family more? Sands wants to be a martyr like Pearse.Sands showing the steel in his determination to go through with the hunger strike to the death as leader of many more.This scene is remarkably intense and has our full attention.There is rhythm as the two dance around,testing each other's mettle.Following this scene there is a warder clearing the corridor of urine,laying down disinfectant,pushing it forward with a squeegee in slow,methodical strokes.This scene is impressive as he moves from one end to the camera at the other where the viewer is. The repetition and the movement serve to underline the dialogue scene.They both take place in real time and help us absorb what has happened.     The final part of the film has a different tone:it is about Sands slowly starving to death over 66 days, so he becomes an emaciated ghost.This largely takes place in the hospital section of the prison in one room.Time passing suggested by meals brought,taken away and replaced by other uneaten meals.As he is lifted there are suggestions of him being like a Christ figure.There are flashbacks to his childhood.As he lies in bed a feather glides down poignantly in one shot,which seems heavier than him.McQueen has spoken of the difficulty of watching even actors beating other actors,where he did the prison beating scene in 6 takes.He also sent Fassbinder away for 10 weeks to diet severely to 58 kg.Due to the trust he created on the film set what he asked of his actors they delivered like performance artists of extreme authenticity.So the camaraderie amongst the film crew was high. Because he is primarily an artist he also evokes the material nature of the faeces,the urine,the physicality of being beaten and starvation,the claustrophobic enclosure and terror.The film was made in N.Ireland.The only thing missing is the collective camaraderie of the prisoners,the singing of songs,the noise.He gives you the minimum of information and mostly lets the images speak,gives the desperation of using the human body as the ultimate form of protest.Shortof narrative the film as body installation speaks more eloquently of that time.A ritualistic tragedy abstracted into  art.
B0010V4TZU|5.0|Some of the negative reviews and comments for this band are ridiculous. People are saying they're hyped, preppy, talentless, ripoff artists. Blah Blah Blah<br />I don't care about the industry,the record label, what's indie or not, who they sound like (or try to sound like), what they look like, the band name, ect.  All the music snobs out there annoy me. If you don't like the album fine. Critique the band's music if anything. Save all the BS. Vampire Weekend is catchy. The songs get stuck in my head. That's how I choose what to listen to.  The songs don't have much guitar, but the drums and rhythms are good. And the singer has a good voice. The new album Contra I like almost as much as this one. Hopefully they keep up the good work.
030745455X|2.0|I read all the way to the end only to see what would happen to Lizbeth.  Would she do something so stupid that her superhuman powers wouldn't save her?  It's like watching a cat crossing a busy highway but eventually it bores one.  I skipped a lot of pages of repetition, filler, etc.  It seems that Sweden is chock full of those who mean Lizbeth ill and since she will revenge herself on all of them one can see why many sequels were planned.<br /><br />In deference to those who, like me, stagger to the end, I will not reveal anything about her absurd superhuman achievements except to note that, in a flash of insight, she apparently solves Fermat's Last Theorem (the simple, elegant solution that Fermat envisioned, not the Andrew Wiles proof), however, Larsson does not reveal the proof.  Darn.
B000W91RUG|5.0|The one thing that sucked was how long it toook to get here....need to work on that for real....
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I am tired of the studios releasing a basic bluray/dvd, only to follow it up in a few months with a superior version. Everyone who buys this version is supporting this behavior. Please do not buy!
B001I82RVS|5.0|I should start by saying that this movie is so graphic in so many ways that I had to edit my own original review in order to make it decent for the general public.  So, if, after reading my review, you think this movie's extreme, then multiply your expectations by about ten to be prepared for it.       In the not-too-distant-future, \\"engineers\\" and their genetically-altered spawn are able to generate mutated bio-weapon appendages from their wounds.  The Tokyo police have become privatized for \\"the good of society,\\" as their motto goes, and specifically to eliminate the \\"engineers\\" and their bio-engineered spawn.  Claiming to be a better, more effective instrument for civil control, the Tokyo Police Corporation, as it's called, also ironically carries out summary executions of anyone, for the largest to the smallest of crimes.  This is all done in the name of justice, efficiency, and eliminating \\"engineers.\\"  In one scene, for example, a man's hands are cut off for offending a female on the subway.  In another scene, a call-girl madam is dismembered and impaled, through the mouth, with the wooden handle of a garden tool.  Does retribution really get much better than that?  I doubt it.      Oh, yes!  There's also the main character Ruku played by the gorgeous Eihi Shiina!  (What would a movie like this be without such a babe?)  She's a crack, bad-girl engineer-hunter, motivated for revenge, after seeing her father killed by an engineer, as a child.  Ruku is serious eye candy, gracefully kicking butt in all her perils, and always looking good enough to turn heads on or off a body.  She even looks good with half her face blown off, a mutated eye, and a claw-like, genetically-altered arm appendage!  Yes, trust me, this woman cannot look bad!      As with most unchecked forms of government, corruption is the result, and this movie has just that as part of its message.  Beyond that, there's not much else mental about it.  However, that's not a bad thing here at all.  Anyone who watches a movie titled Tokyo Gore Police wants one thing for sure--gore, gore, and more gore!  Well, this movie will certainly NOT disappoint in that area.  As the title implies, there is, indeed, gore aplenty here.  From the first seconds of the movie, the viewer is soaked in scenes of blood, carnage, and gratuitous violence.  The first scene of the movie involving an \\"engineer\\" with a chainsaw sets an over-the-top tone from the start.  This scene will have you ducking and dodging, or looking for your raincoat, even as a viewer.      The violence and gore in this movie are excessive throughout.  There are numerous decapitations, dissections, dismemberments, disembowelments, and heads split in half.  In every scene, blood sprays from wounds like water from a hose, for periods far longer than anything remotely possible.  Yes, this movie is far from realistic, but no less effective as a result.  The excessive blood, violence, and gore, along with over-the-top personalities and plots, give this movie more of a live-action comic book look.  Ironically, the pulp effects also help to tone the movie down to some arguably reasonable level.  Anything more realistic in a movie this gory would be impossible to market as entertainment, by any stretch.      Of course, there is the inevitable and necessary heroine/villain showdown in this movie.  No other end could make it complete or worthy of viewing after a point, anyway.  The bad guy and the good gal go at it to the bitter end, and the results are, shall we say, not to the physical advantage of either.  However, as I said, the good gal Ruku still looks good anyway.  So, who cares?        Again, this movie is clearly NOT for everyone.  It does, however, satisfy a certain gore fan's niche for the more extreme in violent, over-the-top cinema.  If you're one of the lucky lover's of copious carnage and blood, then, by all means, dial 911 for the Tokyo Gore Police today!
0061673730|3.0|I think that the popularity of Zen & the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is largely to do with the catchy title. It seems to promise a light-hearted investigation of Eastern philosophy with helpful illustrations from the point of view of a motorcyclist. What Pirsig actually provides is a combination of his investigation of the roots of Western philosophy and a narrative that converges on two tracks - a cross-country ride with his son and the spectacular destruction of his intellectually obsessive personality. What he emerges with is the concept/experience of 'Quality', which, though he refuses to define it rigorously, seems to be a pre-analytical experience of the world 'as it is', a cure for diseased rationality.    The strength of the book is the narrative, especially that of 'Phaedrus', Pirsig in his pre-breakdown life when he relentlessly pursued Truth in science and philosophy. Phaedrus seemed to me to be looking for something genuine, even if he did it in unhealthy ways and with a monstrous ego. The motorcyclist is less interesting, a kind of faded 70s hippie who struggles to relate to his son and is disdainful of pretty much everyone who does not share his view of life.    The philosophy is fairly unimpressive, which probably accounts for its lack of influence more than the conspiracy theory that Pirsig wants to weave. While he has insight into philosophical problems, his scholarship seems quite limited and therefore his claim to have overcome the weaknesses of all Western philosophy seems a bit rich. His ideas are not really that new. For instance, Heidegger investigated Being from the point of view of the subject with a lot more insight and profundity than is on display here.    Overall, not a bad introduction to a number of philosophical issues, and an interesting portrayal of intellectual obsession. The sections where he actually does speak about motorcycle maintenance are the ones that stayed in my mind and do open up helpful ways of approaching the problems of daily life. More of this would have made this a genuine classic.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I only heard little lion man on the radio and then listened to the cave on youtube and bought the cd right away. I am very satisfied and can't stop listening to it! The rhythm just makes you feel good.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|this is the original shrek - an old movie, but a new favorite of my grandbabies.  They ask me to play the dragon part over and over!  We all scream and run around the living room.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I purchased Avatar two disk, Blu-Ray/DVD edition.  I just purchased my Sharp Blu-Ray player in February which makes me wonder why my player should already require a firmware update.  The Blu-Ray disk will not play at all!  The menu looks great, but once I selected 'play' the picture went dark and nothing happened.  I had to telephone Sharp tech support.  They had me reset the player by holding down the power button so I could get the disk ejected.  They are still working on a firmware update which should be done within a week.  The firmware update attempt at this time was a dud.  I find it inexcusable that the publisher created this disk to be so totally inaccessable as to require expert programmer knowlege just to play a movie.  I recently purchased \\"The Blind Side,\\" and that movie works just fine, as do my other Blu-Ray titles. I think Fox owes people like me an apology, and an exchange for a Blu-Ray copy that works on my player.  Sharp assures me that once they've come up with the effective firmware update I will enjoy the picture quality Avatar promises.  Thankfully I can still watch the DVD disk, and I'll try to resist the urge to use the Blu-Ray of Avatar as a drink coaster.
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief is one of the best historical fiction books I have ever had the pleasure of reading.  Based during the Holocaust period, we see the events of a German girl's life through the eyes of Death, who is not as most perceive.  The Book Thief is targeted to young adults and above; it gives a new perspective to World War II, which anyone younger will probably not understand.       As Death narrates this story, we come to find he is not a heartless wretch people make him out to be.  Liesel Meminger is sent to live with foster parents in the small town of Molching.  Rosa and Hans Hubermann take her in, but they have a terrible secret that could put the family in jeopardy; they are hiding a Jew named Max.  When not attending school and Hitler Youth meetings or hanging out with her best friend Rudy, or entertaining Max with what little she can, Liesel reads.  Her love of words causes her to \\"steal\\" random books throughout the story.      This book has numerous themes, but perhaps the main theme would be the power of words.  Liesel had contact with a few books, and the words just jumped out at her.  She would write words on the walls in the basement until she would remember them; as we read, we realize how words can be very powerful, even in small aspects of everyday life.  I think anyone can agree with that.      Markus Zusak did an utterly fantastic job writing this novel.  He was able to really personify Death well, which made the book rather hard to put down.  One thing I really loved about this book was the fact that, unlike most books from about World War II, this story is from the life of a GERMAN.  Most books are from the point of view of a Jew and their hardships, where most do not realize that Germans were in just as much danger when they were HIDING the Jews.  The only thing about The Book Thief I did not like was how it bounced back through time on a few occasions, and it made reading the book slightly confusing; it would have been better if Zusak madethe flashbacks a little less confusing.  Other than that, this was a fantastic read.
6302860253|5.0|Beautiful opera in film mode so you can see a lot more than when on theatrical setting. I got it so cheap because it is on tape form rather than on a dvd. Also it was so cheap compared to other sellers to the extent I thaught it will be in an auful condition, but the opposite it is great. I am fameliar 5to this specific production.  So I knew what I was buying but was afraid of the low price lest it would be bad condition BUT IT WASN'T. Thanks to the seller and to Amazon.
B0036EBARO|3.0|Basically i like Goldfrapp a  lot. Here hewoever Alison G and co have delivered one disappointing piece of work. Her second and third records, especially the thir, Supernature, consisted of refreshing electronica with a sexy side. Especially Supernature was great and it announced the likes of La Roux by a few years. Then wisely on the last record the group took a few steps back and delivered a less successful  but more diverse almost folky album. This oen, while n ice is too glossy and does not contain all the hooks that you would find on supernature. She still is someone who has a lot of talent and thus needs to be followed but she has to re-think the whole thing. Especially the single, Rocket, fails because it somehow lacks in energy.
B002K0WBXW|1.0|One of the worst romantic comedies I've ever seen.<br /><br />I found this movie to be completely unconvincing.  Or, rather, too convincing.  Sara Bullock plays a heartless, manipulative witch so believably at the beginning of the movie, that it's just impossible to swallow when she starts warming up to her co-star, as she of course does (beginning in the scene where she starts rubbing his shoulders).<br /><br />This movie is so full of hatred, phoniness, and predictability, Sandra Bullock should have been pre-barred from receiving an Oscar with this on her record.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|Well done so far (through 9-10 AM). The pacing is steadier and more consistent than it's been yet. Not boringly so, however. Good characters -- Jack Bauer and Chloe O'Brien are still great. Good plot turns in the the final third of the 24 hours, especially with President Logan returning to create havoc. Can't wait to get it on DVD, become addicted, and watch 3 shows consecutively.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|I enjoy the music by Celtic Woman.  I enjoy seeing them perform.  Their music is very calming.
B000U0O9FM|4.0|I chose to read this because I wanted in on this cultural touchstone. I hadn't read the book and I hadn't seen the movie, and yet I constantly heard references to it. Even in a paranormal romance I read recently. I figured it was time to catch up with both the book and the movie. I don't think I'm the ideal audience either. :)<br /><br />I liked it. Chuck Palahniuk (apparently he says his last name Paula-Nick) has a way with words and a wicked sense of humor. I kept reading, not just because I wanted to know what was going to happen next, but I wanted to read how the author was going to phrase things -- the surprising stories not just in plot, but in word choices and non-linear plot. While I'm not an angry man with an absentee father, I think anyone living in this times period knows how the world can seem like a copy of a copy of a copy, and how alienated from it someone can feel. In a world on consumerism, where advertisers tell us what things will make us happy and we all too often willingly sell ourselves on disposable ... stuff, a return to something primal -- even painful and destructive -- might seem like purification.<br /><br />Kept my interest, made me think, author is insanely talented. 4 stars.
B0014Z4OQG|2.0|Nothing much to add to the numerous existing negative reviews here.  I knew what this movie was before I bought it.  Wanted to like it, but found it wholly unsatisfying.  Do NOT waste your time.
B00275EGWY|5.0|There's no story, no heroic plot to Kathryn Bigelow's The Hurt Locker. There's no search for prisoners, no tracking of a villain, no hostages to rescue, no hill to liberate, or town to capture, or even a search for looted gold. There's not even an overarching allegory of life or war built into the theme of the movie. Despite this lack of war movie plots The Hurt Locker is still compelling with the only goal of the characters, is to stay alive.<br /><br />The Hurt Locker follows the lives of a team of EOD (Explosive Ordnance Disposal) unit members, Sergeant First Class Will James (Jeremy Renner), Sergeant JT Sanborn (Anthony Mackie), and Specialist Eldridge (Brian Gerahty) as they finish the last five weeks of their deployment in Iraq. Their job in Iraq is to defuse IED's (Improvised Explosive Devices) and after their first Sergeant (Guy Pearce) is killed Staff Sergeant William James is assigned to the unit. Sanborn and Eldridge discover that James takes more risks in the field than their previous Sergeant and is addicted to the adrenaline surge of war which is putting them at risk. They find themselves in the position of finding out if they can live (literally) with James' approach to the job.<br /><br />Kathryn Bigelow's direction isn't heavy handed and neither does she use a heavy hand in imparting themes or other usual theatrical devices. The Hurt Locker is a very naturalistic representation of the Iraq war zone. While it touches on aspects of war that other movies have, such as the surreal aspect of war that Apocalypse Now illustrates or the dual nature of war that's found in Platoon, she lets them exist as a natural part of the world the characters find themselves in. This low key, naturalistic approach is also evident in the actor's portrayal of their characters. There's no big emotional blow ups between them, no huge revelations of a characters' back stories to pull on your heartstrings. The film highlights just what occurs naturally from the job they're there to do. The movie also doesn't take a political stance on the war. It's neither anti-war nor pro-war. It puts the viewer in the situation with the characters and you're free to feel or have whatever reaction the events stimulate in you. Bigelow even sparingly uses a soundtrack. It's more of a tense buzzing that keeps us feeling a little uneasy, as must soldiers in the field feel.<br /><br />The Hurt Locker was written by Mark Boal who had been an embedded reporter with an OED unit in Iraq in 2004. While the story is fictionalized, many of the events shown were based on actual events Boal either witnessed or heard about from soldiers in the field.<br /><br />Bonus Features: The Hurt Locker DVD has a small bonus feature section that includes an audio commentary that I found a bit lackluster, but I thought was more than compensated for with an image gallery section that includes a Q and A session from the Institute of Contemporary Art in London. And there is a behind the scenes documentary that I found myself wishing there was more of.ie also doesn't take a political stance on the war. It's neither anti-war nor pro-war. It puts the viewer in the situation with the characters and you're free to feel or have whatever reaction the events stimulate in you. Bigelow even sparingly uses a soundtrack. It's more of a tense buzzing that keeps us feeling a little uneasy, as must soldiers in the field feel.    The Hurt Locker was written by Mark Boal who had been an embedded reporter with an OED unit in Iraq in 2004. While the story is fictionalized, many of the events shown were based on actual events Boal either witnessed or heard about from soldiers in the field.    Bonus Features: The Hurt Locker DVD has a small bonus feature section that includes an audio commentary that I found a bit lackluster, but I thought was more than compensated for with an image gallery section that includes a Q and A session from the Institute of Contemporary Art in London. And there is a behind the scenes documentary that I found myself wishing there was more of.
B001BMXFX0|1.0|I anticipated reading this book based on the publicity surrounding it, and the fact that the film made from it received excellent reviews.  This book is possibly one of the two worst novels I have read.  I did not feel any emotional attachment to the characters.  The story line was quite disjointed, and the ending just sort of happened.  This needed to be a longer book, or a better story.  It did not hold my attention and I could not wait to finish it.
B000BCE918|5.0|It doesn't matter how may time I watch this it always has me jumping.  Great movie.
B0039OGGVQ|5.0|You'd have to be in my low key indigo Toyota matrix with all it's dynomated panels and floors to really 'get' what I mean by 'rockin out in da ride' but this album has everything an old school rocker needs to enjoy Slash's gem quality performances. I guess a few of those who reviewed here hadn't cleaned their ears out for months before listening to it or their sound system was cruddy in the first place. As they say some ppls taste is all in their mouths. Regardless, we've no regrets and like it more every time we play it. We've turned quite a few others onto it besides. Sooo glad you put it together with these diverse and storied musical talents. Again Slash you are up there with the greatest riff warriors in the biz today or yesterday for that matter. Begging for more and may the next dozen albums meet or exceed our expectations!
0439023483|4.0|I really enjoyed this book! It was not hard to read and I flew through it. I liked the main character Katniss and also was routing for her and Peeta the whole time. The concept of this book was a little hard for me to get use to. The idea of all these people killing each other for pure sport is a little hard to digest. Don't get me wrong...I think it is a wonderful concept and makes for an interesting story, but still it was hard to grasp it. The main reason I am not giving this book 5 stars is because I knew how it would end. It is definately a great read though and I plan on reading the second one as soon as I can get my hands on it!
B0031S4K5E|5.0|My daughter (11) absolutely LOVES the movie \\"Ponyo\\", and when she saw the Ponyo plush, she was in love!!  She carried Ponyo around everywhere for weeks.<br /><br />As for the movie, think \\"Little Mermaid\\" done by the genius that is Hayao Miyazaki.  It's a darling little feature that proves no one is too small to be loved. :-)<br /><br />As a parent, it was a good deal: DVD and plush.  I have no complaints. :-)
0812548094|1.0|If such drivel can be published and make its author rich, then surely *I* can get published and become rich as well. Goodkind's writing is stilted, amateurish, and honestly, I have read better fanfiction from teenagers. This is the first Sword of Truth book I have read, and it is also the last. Actually, I only managed to get through a hundred pages before the wangsting became too much for me. \\"Oh, woe is me!\\" Richard sobbed. \\"Kahlan doesn't love me anymore, but I still love her so I will be a wangsty hero and let her go. There is nothing to live for anymore!\\" That's pretty much all I got out of a hundred pages. If I hadn't had to write a book reviewfor class, I wouldn't even have read the end, because I seriously don't care what happens to these characters.     I don't get how people rant and rave about how good these books are and how 'Legend of the Seeker', which is a surprisingly good show very loosely based on these books, does not do it justice. Personally, I think these books are not worthy of the show, and Terry Goodkind should be grateful that someone took the time to make a better version of his world instead of criticizing it at every turn.
B0035WTE2U|3.0|My heading says it all, the 2 disc (there is also a single disc version) 1992 live album is a much bigger and better collection of AC/DC, the only downside is Brian singing on the Bon songs cause it's a live album, but other than that, it's a better buy.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I love these headphones. I am by no means a musician or a DJ, but I love these things.  I constantly put headphones on while I'm on the computer so I don't have to disbturb anyone in the house.  Since I use it everyday, I decided to go w/a pair that would hopefully last.  I really love these headphones!  The are very comfy, sometimes after hours, I forget I'm wearing them.  They cut out a lot of outside noise and in my opinion, produce a wonderful sound.  I listen to a variety of music and everything sounds good in them.  The bass they seem to produce is amazing.  I also love the reach of the cord.<br /><br />I know these might be a little pricey for an average person to buy, but I would highly recommend you pick up a pair.  You'll love them!<br /><br />***December 8, 2012 update****<br /><br />I have owned these headphones for awhile now and I just wanted to do an update.  There is good and bad.  The good is that they still sound wonderful, out of one ear, I'll explain.  The headband has held up, it looks great. The cord is still fine, the ear cans are fine, all in all, they are a great pair.  Now for the bad.  The wires on each side of the ear are exposed which I find is a bad design because these headphones like others fold up for storage.  Well, after using them for awhile I noticed the right ear started to crackle.  Upon inspection, I found that the wire on that ear had been crimped from the parts folding on it.  As I have stated, not the greatest design. I tried to fix it by soldering it, but it didn't work.  So I have no sound in the right ear piece.  The only other thing wrong is that the ear pads are disintegrating but that's easily solved with buying a new pair of pads.  Sadly I won't be buying another set of these headphones.  I'm now looking at the Audio-Technica ATH M-50s.  I just need something more durable since I use these every day of my life :)
0785134352|5.0|There are two things I must clear before I get on with the review. The first one is that I am not a big fan of comics. The only other comic I have read was Watchmen. And second is that I saw the movie before I read the comic. I found the comic alot darker than the movie. Also far more gruesome than the movie. This is something that I didnt like about the movie. Its lack of violence. In the comic the story does mainly focus on Kick-Ass and not on Hit-Girl. Also Hit-Girl has a darker personality in the comic. I enjoyed the detail put into the comic. Such as all those great bloody scenes with good detail. This comic also had its moments that made me laugh or smirk. I really enjoyed the comic. And by the way it ends I think I can gladly say that I am anticipating Kick-Ass 2.
B000EWBKM6|5.0|This cd is in perfect condition and came very quickly. I have already watched it twice and a friend is now borrowing it!! Im glad i got it because i had missed the original series finale.
B002CAWNEM|4.0|It's always a good indication if watching a movie you can't seem to look away and/or stop watching it to do life's necessities - go to sleep, go to the bathroom, etc. The opening of this film made me stay with it; from the opening credits there's an establishment of trust and a relationship is built quite easily with the direction and main characters. That dynamic is sustained until the (shameful) predictable conclusion of the movie. Until then, the movie is a solid mix of character-driven and action-driven narrative that's very entertaining to watch.
0312106122|5.0|This was a used book purchase.  I prefer hardcover book vs. paper backs for the larger fonts size.  I promptly received what I ordered in what I considered better condition than advertised.  Pleased with purchase.  Now if I could only find more Wilbur Smith books at this price / condition?
B0000DIXDR|5.0|This dancing film is one of those dirty pleasure films - you know you shouldn't love it, but you can't help yourself. It's cheesy but sexy at the same time. And the soundtrack, especially, in the [[ASIN:B00017YYD6 Dirty Dancing: Ultimate Dirty Dancing]] edition is marvelous.
B002VECMAE|2.0|I had fully expected, given the title and actors, to see a good knee-slapping film.  What I saw was disappointing, boring and at times no plot whatso ever.  I will say the cast was good but you can't make a silk purse out of a pig's ear, in this case a sorry and tiresome tale about nothing....
B001M4YZ90|3.0|A cast of intriguing stars portrays a cast of interesting characters that come together into one smashing resolution. If everything is so intricate and so intertwined why does it feel boring, drawn out, and entire too long? The fact of the matter is that although there are interesting characters and great actors (Mark Strong, Tom Wilkinson, Gerald Butler, Thandie Newton, etc.) there is simply too much going on for the audience to care. The characters are all flawed in various ways and that's what makes them watchable. I wish the movie would focus more on exploring their flaws and mistakes than try to roll towards an unachievable goal.
B002HHPVHQ|1.0|Easy to blame others.  I had much higher expectations for the book - nothing but a bunch of New York crooks gambling away other peoples money. The greed by all involved was unbelievable. I lost interest early by the constant complaining by the author. Hindsight is 20-20. It is a much greater respomsibility to lead.
B00321SMFO|5.0|Thanks to Amazon for delivering us with this free episode.  The fact that it's HD is even better!    Very educational and sometimes I even wonder if they use special effects to shoot the clips!  I would love to see \\"the making of\\" part of this series if there is one.    Recommended to anyone at any age. Bravo!
B000000OTY|5.0|Great CD for the Great Concert.  By the way, I am going to Peter's May 7th 2010 concert,too.  Looking forward to it.
B002HR1W1K|5.0|This is my favorite Simon Pegg movie (though loved Star Trek & loved him in Star Trek but it wasn't really \\"his\\" movie). I watch this over & over. It's brilliant!
B000065U1N|4.0|That film is revealing about the vanity that leads to military defeat. The vanity of going out for three weeks and launching an offensive at the end of the sixth week to prove things are progressing and improving. Indeed. But vanity it is when one forgets Somalia is not a baseball court, or is it field we should say? And it was in 1992-1993 a civil war and nothing else and Americans were not welcome in that mess. Vanity to the point of instructing the soldiers going out in that Sunday afternoon offensive that it was going to last about thirty minutes, so that they did not even take their night equipment. And of course the targeted people knew the Americans were arriving and they were ready to welcome them in the bullfight arena of Mogadishu's streets. And one helicopter came down and a second one after that. And dozens of American GIs found themselves trapped in the streets and some buildings with hundreds if not thousands of snipers on the roofs everywhere with rocket launchers and that level of weapons. And then instead of retreating as fast as possible, and the defeat was clear within twenty minutes, or let's say an hour, they insisted on going on and attacking on and on and getting deeper and deeper into the trap. More stubborn than I you die. And nineteen GIs died, but of course what was it when compared with one thousand, at least one thousand, dead Somalis, including children and women. And two weeks later finally Bill Clinton got his feet back on earth and got the GIs out. We can always say those nineteen GIs died in vain and are or were heroes, but frankly what about the one thousand Somalis who were killed on their own soil, and what good did these deaths bring to Somalia or to the world? Nothing, absolutely nothing, except the absolute conviction in the heads of these Somalis fighting for power that they were right since troops were coming from so far away to fight against them and be defeated. As one of them could say, there can't be peace without victory, and I would add there can't be peace as long as foreign soldiers are getting mixed in such problems that are none of our concerns, even if we must condemn these autocratic, feudal war lords and governments in the name of universal human and civil rights, but once again peace and democracy cannot be exported like a bag of rice with weapons and grenades to wrap them in. The film is sadly realistic, though it did not prevent the USA from starting again in Afghanistan and in Iraq. When will simple sanity come back to the minds of American leaders?<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Cr&eacute;teil, CEGIDy, and I would add there can't be peace as long as foreign soldiers are getting mixed in such problems that are none of our concerns, even if we must condemn these autocratic, feudal war lords and governments in the name of universal human and civil rights, but once again peace and democracy cannot be exported like a bag of rice with weapons and grenades to wrap them in. The film is sadly realistic, though it did not prevent the USA from starting again in Afghanistan and in Iraq. When will simple sanity come back to the minds of American leaders?    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
B00321SMFO|5.0|Amazon offered this 1st video for free so I thought to myself I like watching the animal shows on tv, so this should be just as good. And it was! And yes like all good animal shows, it has a British male voice for narration. Worth the watch!!!
B002VPE1B6|4.0|After seeing this movie twice in the theater, once in 3-D and once in 2-D I decided to purchase it even though I know that there is additional footage that will come out later this year. After watching it on the big screen and getting the Blu-Ray disc, it was everything I hoped it would be -- even better! I know I will be purchasing the Extended Edition, but we don't know when that will be coming out. I have a Samsung Blu-Ray player, a Pioneer receiver, a 51 inch Samsung HDTV (LCD), and 5.1 surround sound system. This DVD did not disappoint, and as a matter of fact I actually enjoyed watching it in my own home where I can make my own popcorn, drink my own soda, pause the movie whenever I want to or rewind, and caught things in my home entertainment system that I did not notice when I was watching it on the big screen. For the low price that you're going to invest, for me it was $15.99, it is definitely worth it. When you buy the theatrical release you get what you pay for, however, when the director's cut comes out I will also purchase that and then sell this edition. But for my friends who have never seen it, they were blown away. The picture was crisp, sharp, and watching it on a perfect system made it worthwhile. I would not buy this if I did not have the home entertainment system that I currently use. But hearing the helicopters fly over your head, listening to the rumble of the animals that live on Pandora, and the beautiful colors that are optimized in the Blu-Ray edition I would not hesitate to recommend this to a friend.    I know that there will be people who are going to wait for the director's cut, and I have no problem with that. I did the same thing when it came to the Lord of the Rings trilogy on DVD. I purchased each theatrical release, and then upgraded to the extended release when they were available. I will however he waiting for the director's cut in Blu-Ray for that particular series, but avatar is just one movie not a series and therefore definitely worth the investment. I've watched it three times in the last 24 hours and see something new every single time. To each their own, but I would buy it now while it's on sale rather than wait. With the 50+ Blu-Ray collection I currently have, this is definitely in my top five.
B000A59PMO|5.0|If you are going to buy this season and have not watched it be prepared to possibly run a marathon and finish all 20+ episodes in just days! After the first episode you will have to know \\"WHO KILLED LILLY KAIN?\\" (NO WIKIPEDIA'ing if you don't know btw). If you enjoy mysteries the Lilly Kain murder is not the only puzzle to crack as Veronica's father is a P.I.!
B002NXSRVG|5.0|some of the modern equipment u see in this video is actually in use today.the special effects excellent and the martial arts another 2 thumbs up
B00003CWPL|5.0|David Lynch's [[ASIN:B00003CWPL Eraserhead]] is a surrealist tale laced with absurdist humor of society and its seemingly endless ills. A brilliantly bizarre work, it does include a lot of putrefaction and body fluids so it may be not for everyone. But those are things radically fundamental to human life, and that is a theme in which Lynch revels.
0307341569|5.0|This is an exceptional mystery. Its written from three points of view, from the minds of three members of a family torn apart by a murder spree. Libby Day, the daughter, Patty, the mother, and Ben, the son take turns in telling this story.<br /><br />Libby is the primary protagonist. A young child at the time of her families murder, she is revisiting the event with open eyes for the first time. Ben, her brother, has been in prison for around 25 years. Occasionally the story drifts back and fills in parts of his story as a 15 year old. Other times, he is being examined by his now adult sister. Lastly, Patty, the mother. Flynn pulls in this figure to flesh out the past events from an adult point of view.<br /><br />All in all, this is a very amazing bit of craftsmanship. 95% of authors manage to fall on their faces when they try to break a narrative into three or more points of view. And one of my personal biggest beef's is with how authors constantly destroy otherwise decent efforts with this trick. And usually, this is a trick. Most authors use several points of view in order to tell a story that one person alone could not. But here, Flynn add's layer upon layer upon layer... Amazing.<br /><br />One thing I did not really like about this book, and something I can not hold against the author, is that I did not like or sympathize with a single one of the characters here. They were all pretty gross, all too human, full of faults and self-aggrandizement. I often felt myself actively disliking each of these people. But I guess that is to the authors credit. They became so real, so independent of one another... I started thinking of them as actual people of whom I was hoping for more of.<br /><br />When you think of it, this is a story that on the surface is pretty simple. 25 years ago a young girls family is killed off by her brother. Today she is pulled back into the mystery when her trust fund runs out and she starts meeting with fans of hers from a 'kill club' and selling them memorabilia and her time. As she digs into the mystery, she realizes that she was wrong all along and what she uncovers is SHOCKING.<br /><br />On the other hand, this is one of the most complicated genre books I have ever come across. It has depth on so many levels. Its great. I had some issues, but the writing, the plotting, the characters, the... well, everything is worth checking out.r time. As she digs into the mystery, she realizes that she was wrong all along and what she uncovers is SHOCKING.    On the other hand, this is one of the most complicated genre books I have ever come across. It has depth on so many levels. Its great. I had some issues, but the writing, the plotting, the characters, the... well, everything is worth checking out.
B0035WTE2U|4.0|If you are not familiar with all the songs by AC/DC, here's what albums they were featured on:<br /><br />1. Shoot to Thrill  (From \\"Back in Black\\")<br />2. Rock 'N' Roll Damnation  (from \\"Powerage\\")<br />3. Guns for Hire  (from \\"Flick Of The Switch\\")<br />4. Cold Hearted Man  (from \\"Backtracks\\")<br />5. Back in Black  (from \\"Back in Black\\")<br />6. Thunderstruck  (from \\"The Razor's Edge\\")<br />7. If You Want Blood (You've Got It)  (from \\"Highway To Hell\\")<br />8. Evil Walks  (from \\"For Those About To Rock\\")<br />9. T.N.T.  (from \\"High Voltage\\")<br />10. Hell Ain't a Bad Place to Be  (from \\"Let There Be Rock\\")<br />11. Have a Drink on Me  (from \\"Back in Black\\")<br />12. The Razor's Edge  (from \\"The Razor's Edge\\")<br />13. Let There Be Rock  (from \\"Let There Be Rock\\")<br />14. War Machine  (from \\"Black Ice\\")<br />15. Highway to Hell  (from \\"Highway to Hell\\")<br /><br />If you keeping count that's 6 cuts for Bon Scott and 9 for Brian Johnson.<br />3 tracks from \\"Back in Black\\" and 2 from \\"The Razor's Edge, \\"Highway To Hell\\" & \\"Let There Be Rock\\".<br />Studio Albums with no tracks represented: \\"Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap\\",'74 Jailbreak\\", \\"Fly on The Wall\\",\\"Blow Up Your Video\\", \\"Ballbreaker\\", & \\"Stiff Upper Lip\\".<br /><br />At least this soundtrack covers a broader spectrum than their last soundtrack offering, \\"Maximum Overdrive\\"  which featured 2 tracks from \\"Back in Black\\", 2 from \\"Fly on The Wall\\", 1 each from \\"Dirty Deeds\\" & \\"For Those About to Rock\\", plus 2 new instrumentals and the lone new track, \\"Who Made Who\\".  At least the two soundtracks didn't copy songs, so that's a good thing.<br />The only thing I was hoping for was at least one new track, but no luck. ENJOY!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|2009's \\"The Young Victoria\\" is a lavishly produced British costume drama about the acession to the throne of Queen Victoria in 1837.  Queen Victoria would go on to give her name to an era, but once upon a time, she was a frightened young woman on the verge of destiny.<br /><br />As the story opens, the young Victoria is a virtual prisoner of her mother, the Duchess of Kent, and her mother's lover, Sir John Conroy.  Victoria is the heir apparent to the British throne, but it seems her only friends in the world are her uncle, the aging King William IV, and her cousin and contemporary, Prince Albert of Saxe-Coberg and Gotha.  Her mother and Sir John Conroy attempt to force Victoria to accept a regency, but in an astonishing display of independence, she refuses.<br /><br />Shortly thereafter, Victoria becomes Queen, and the object of competition between the charming Whig Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and the plain-spoken Tory Sir Robert Peel.  Victoria's fiesty, head-strong ways soon get her into trouble.  She will turn for help from her supportive cousin Albert.  The blossoming relationship that follows is a love story for the ages.<br /><br />Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend are superb as Victoria and Albert, and are backed by a strong cast.  The costumes earned an Academy Award, and the movie features superb location shooting.  The movie is long on conversation and on examination of a distant period of British history, either of which may have less appeal to American audiences.  However, \\"The Young Victoria\\" is very highly recommended to fans of British costume drama, who will find this a well-done example of the genre.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|i just saw the movie in my house.A dvd. im not going to the movies anymore.And i was wondering if the landscapes are from Cameron or he stole the ideas from roger deans drawing?Please let me know if thre is a connection.
B002IVLH60|4.0|I guess getting Bush out of the White House has calmed Eddie Vedder down a little. \\"Backspacer\\" is an open and airy slice of rocking - dare I say it - fun from Pearl Jam, whose righteous rage has clouded many of their albums for the last ten years or so. This time, they take a cue from one of their influences by making a short (barely 35 minutes) album with tightly wound songs, the longest of which sprints to the four minute mark. Just call it \\"Rocket To Seattle.\\"<br /><br />The lead single, \\"The Fixer,\\" sounds like \\"Wishlist\\" on speed-dial. Complete with an \\"Uh huh huh huh\\" intro and some super power chords, Eddie enunciates (!!) the manners in which he'd like to save a little love in his life. (Curiously, it is also one of the numbers Vedder didn't write.) Like much of their self-titled 2006 album, \\"The Fixer\\" and songs like \\"Got Some\\" and \\"Supersonic\\" are the sound of Pearl Jam openly embracing classic and classicist rock, with guitarist Stone Gossard banging out muscular riffs in almost gleeful abandon.<br /><br />Vedder has also broken into a sensitive place. With songs like \\"Just Breathe,\\" which sounds like a leftover from his soundtrack for \\"Into The Wild,\\" he and the band touch a nerve that their younger selves would have only been able to stab a claw hammer into. It's their best ballad to date.<br /><br />Their age is kind of showing on \\"Backspacer.\\" \\"Ten\\" has reached its 20th anniversary, and \\"Backspacer\\" reunites the band with producer Brendan O'Brien to excellent results. The difference is that all parties are now OK with just being a terrific rock band without forcing embellishments or drawing out the proceedings. The band still treats Rock as the means to deliver a message (as \\"Got Some\\" and \\"Unknown Thought\\" still show); just now the message is delivered with a firm handshake instead of the shaken fist.
1550379151|4.0|I guess I didn't look carefully, and when I got this book in the mail I thought it was only the \\"story behind the story.\\"  I was really only interested in the story itself.  What a relief when I discovered the story was still in this edition.  Now I feel like I bought the book and got bonus materials.<br /><br />The story is sweet and reads like a story, not political and social commentary.  I have a 5 year old boy who loves to play knights and save princesses, but I wanted him to understand that girls don't always need rescuing and in fact sometimes they do the rescuing. He was engaged the whole time, as the illustrations are interesting and any story with a dragon is a plus.  We were able to talk about facial expressions and manners along the way, as the prince has a furrowed brow at the beginning and doesn't say thank you in the end.  This is a book I would recommend to both boys and girls.
B002ZG99G8|3.0|Ok, so I've never read the graphic comics, I just like Jeffrey Dean Morgan and Zoe Saldana. At first when watching this in the theater the assault on the Drug Lord compound I couldn't but think God this director is a poor man's Tony Scott, as in the editing was fast, quick cuts, freeze fram sequences, slow motion shots, everything pretty fast pace, then it hit me  30 mins into the film, this so could have been directed by Peter Berg (The Kingdom, The Rundown)... all the while wondering if the Studio had asked Berg to direct and he said no and stepped aside to do other projects  just the style of the filming reminded me of The Rundown... then BAM! End Credits, Peter Berg and James Vanderbilt, Co-Producers or was it Screenwriters of The Losers, same guys who did The Rundown! that's why it felt so familiar and that is why this movie is a nice companion piece to The Rundown.<br /><br />Anyways with that out of the way, this is a briskly paced, fun, high energy movie with cool characters, nice action sequences, nifty soundtrack, except my only problems, why I give it 3 stars.... Jason Patric as the baddie? He seemed out of place, maybe it's just me, and wish this coulda been an R, maybe could've shown more violence a tad more graphic, hope there is a Director's Cut DVD, felt for an 1Hr 30 mins, crammed a lot in. Don't know how faithful this is to the comics, but I liked it, Rogue Special Forces out to clear their name for something that they didn't do... wow sounds like the A Team, which by the way I am looking forward to seeing June 11th.<br />Anyways hope it does well in theaters and DVD sales to garner a sequel, the end does leave it open for The Losers to come back!
0446569895|4.0|Out of all the recent rock artist bios I have read recently this is without a doubt the most hilarious and endearing. Those other books included Cobain Unseen, Slash, Walk This Way/Aerosmith, and The Dirt/Motley Crue. \\"I Am Ozzy\\", however, did leave me wanting more depth in the way that Slash and Walk this Way had gotten much deeper. Many subjects topics glossed over but as Ozzy points out early on he certainly has forgotten lots of facts.  I Am Ozzy could have easily been twice as long and it would have been even greater. Even though I already knew most of the stories from previous interviews, documentaries, and countless Howard Stern interviews I found that each story contained additional information I didn't know or that was just plain entertaining to read. I also found Ozzy to be much more forthcoming with some of his dirt, especially when it came to hitting women and the physical effect of his substance abuse.  I would strongly encourage anyone remotely interested in Ozzy to read this.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I pre-ordered, and I should have waited.  NO deleted scenes, no behind the scenes, no NOTHING.  Total waste of money.
B0015ABRE2|4.0|looked all over for this season of dexter. it was sold out at a local retailer that had the same price as amazon. everywhere else was 4 times the price. purchased it through amazon and had it on my doorstep in 2 days and still saved money!!!!! i love you amazon.  oh now about the series, dexter is awesome. it is unique and unlike the typical police or csi show on tv. funny and never dull. you will love it.
B0016OMFPW|5.0|A wonderful album.  If you like Miles Davis, you will like this.  The third track, \\"Strasbourg/St. Denis\\" is my favorite.
0393072231|5.0|I have been extremely slow at getting to the end of this book. I had to put it down after reading many paragraphs. I would get so angry I actually needed some emotional time off .  I needed time to think and to get over the actions of the individuals and companies mentioned in the book.  These individuals and companies are economic sociopaths. Their actions caused the mortgage financial catastrophy we are all suffering in.       What I have read coincides with the recent SEC vs Goldman nvestigation.  I am not done with the book and normally I read a book within a day or two.  I think everyone should read this especially those in the government.  Maybe it will convinced them to do something right for a change.  Do I recommend this book? You bet!
B000MRAAJM|5.0|I enjoyed the televised one on the Discovery Channel, but I enjoy the BBC version even more. Love it....especially in blu ray.
0425188809|2.0|Koontz fans tell me this is perhaps his best.  If that is the case, I am glad I read it first.  It will save me the trouble of wasting any more time on the rest of the Koontz offerings.  A few great ideas ruined by poor character development and predictable, anti-climatic resolutions.  Color me \\"not a fan.\\"
B000NDMRCS|4.0|I have mixed opinions about Roland Emmerich's films. But \\"The Day After Tomorrow\\" makes me smile. The special effects were amazing, the plot was riveting, and the movie had a more serious tone than other Emmerich films I've seen. Very well-scripted. After watching \\"2012\\" (Emmerich's latest disaster film) and being a disaster fanatic, I was not quite as captivated by the apocalyptic qualities \\"The Day After Tomorrow\\" provided. But for once Roland Emmerich pulled off a film focused more on the story than the effects. The world needs more movies like this.
B002VPE1AW|1.0|Disney's Pocahontas story is back, bigger and badder than before. At least, badder. Imagine a hallucinogenic-induced version two of Pocahontas, rife with stereotypes and cheesy-lines worthy of the maker of Titanic; that is Avatar.<br />Previously, Avatar's director, Cameron held the distinction of creating one of the most over-rated films in history (\\"Titanic\\"); now, he holds the distinction of creating two. This movie was overrated in nearly every aspect. Its storyline was a sci-fi, under-the-sea version of Pocahontas, complete with the done-to-death \\"evil businesses out to rule the world\\" staple of so many films. Of course, Avatar mixed stereotypical characters and less-than-stellar dialogue in with this \\"original\\" offering. The characters themselves were not terribly likeable; the acting was good, but the cheesy lines did nothing to help it. Not to mention that the two leading female characters were about as friendly as acid. And, of course, Avatar was heralded for its tremendous graphics; on that score, I can say only this: I did not see the 3D version, but the DVD version was surprisingly lousy. Shiny/plasticy-looking textures and mediocre-video game graphics abounded.<br />I know this review puts me in the minority, but, in summation, the only good thing about this film was the acting - and, unfortunately, the actors and actresses were performing in a steaming pile of crap.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|This movie is nothing short of amazing. The effects are breath taking and you couldn't have asked for better actors to play the part. I love this movie!!!
B000002U82|5.0|I first got this album as a 12 year old in the 70s and other than the song \\"Money\\", I didn't like it. I would sometimes play Money but none of the rest of it. Later on, I gave it another chance, listened to the entire album (in my 20s) and it grew on me. My God, did it grow on me. It is truly an amazing album in every way. It's the closest thing to perfection, musically, that I have ever heard. I think it is the best album ever made. It is truly phenomenal in it's awesome greatness, especially if you hear it in the right mindset.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|Seriously - Why do they feel the need to dumb down these series for American viewers? Do yourself a favor and get the version that is narrated properly by Sir David Attenborough!
B002S9DRAG|5.0|A superb Chopin recital. Alexandre Tharaud is a genius. He NEVER disappoints me. This is a MUST HAVE Chopin album.
B002XB0AC2|5.0|Really cute and good quality.  Did not like the stand.  Worth the money.
B001PMRBOK|5.0|FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR A FANTASTIC GHOST STORY ON BLU-RAY JOHN CARPENTER'S 80 CLASSIC \\"THE FOG\\" IS IT! I ONLY WONDER WHY IT IS NOT AVAILABLE HERE IN THE USA BUT CANADIAN VERSION IS FANTASTIC AND IS NOT REGIONAL CODED SO IT WORKS GREAT ON MY SAMSUNG HI-DF SYSTEM!
0393072231|5.0|This book details the events that led to the big firms on Wall Street collapsing. Lewis tell his story through 3 obscure firms and the people associated with these firms, how they spotted an opportunity in the sub-prime mess and found the correct financial instruments to make money from it. I'm sure all of us at some point may have realized that the housing market was over inflated and the high risk mortgages that were being given out would eventually blow in the face of both the lenders as well as the borrowers. But none of us figured that there was money to be made from this.    The book is very well written and it dragged me through to its last page over a single day. The characters have been well fleshed out and all of them stand out. I understand that the author is just narrating the incident and doesn't need to come up with a solution. It would have been interesting to know what could be done to avoid such a fiasco or list measures that need to be put in place to prevent it from occurring in the future.     That no one on Wall Street figured that there were sitting on a bubble is what makes the story so incredible. That the CEO's of the top financial institutions in the world, people who have studied in the best schools and have the smartest people on the payroll, .. that these guys had no clue ... is frightening.
B001OQCV2E|5.0|This movie scared the hell out of me, especially since I am moving to California.   Very entertaining
B002VPE1B6|3.0|I  liked this movie. I am not one for extended extras or anything like that, I am not overly anal about that stuff. The movie was good but I just wish the movie would of went into more detail on getting to the planet and setting up and even how first contact with the people already there came about. The thing this movie has going for it is the graphics and animation and the big battle scene at the end. Rest of the movie kind of dragged out at parts and I actually got up a few times to do various things around the house, A great movie I never do this. Overall it is a watch but it isn't the greatest movie out as some people are saying.
B001HN694K|5.0|alot of people are confused on this movie. this story was never to be a remake of disney's animated alice in wonderland. does anyone notice when the mad hatter in this one says \\"alice...you're back.\\" hello. don't knock this movie. it is a wonderful story with fascinating creatures and amazing picture. i absolutly love it!
B0030Y10PW|5.0|I just ordered this item and I want to make sure does this come with the bonus DVD. Somebody please let me know!
0061876747|4.0|Expertly plotted, well crafted, intelligent, thought provoking, and in all a gripping read. A thriller with a brain. I agree with other reviewers though that it feels somewhat unfinished as if in need of a sequel. If it comes I'll be in without hesitation.
B001BPJJ82|5.0|I read of few silly bad reviews, mostly great ones. Most people loved this movie which is why I must still have some faith in humankind. An accidentally discovered gem on Star movies, this type of film makes me happy to be alive. Thanks guys for making this stuff!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This isn't a movie all about animals and vegetarianism, which I think a lot of people think it is about. It is about the nations food supply, the politics behind it, and what the industry doesn't want the consumer to know. I believe we should know what we are putting into our bodies, and how that food got to our plate, grocery store, etc. Once people are educated on the different companies and practices, they can vote with their dollar by buying and supporting companies they believe in. I think this movie should be mandatory for everyone to see, and played in junior high and high schools across the country. People need to take an active interest in what they are eating and realize that every action has a reaction.
0920668364|5.0|I'm the mom of two kids ages 14 and 10. When my kids were small, I would read this book to them nearly every night. They absolutely loved it and so did I. There were only a few of my children's books that were moving enough to bring me to tears. This was definitely one of them.     I fail to understand some of the reviewers comments about it being \\"creepy and disturbing\\". It's a book about a mother's deep, powerful, and unending love for her child. What could be disturbing about that? Maybe today's moms (dads) are different somehow. I think maybe those \\"creeped-out\\" reviewers are taking the simplest of things just a little too seriously. My advice, stop psychoanalyzing this wonderful, timeless book.     Love your child. Spend every possible moment of every day with them. Remember to give them a squeeze at least once a day. They won't be small forever.
1439170045|5.0|Lisa Genova has done her research. I watched the progression of Alzheimer's in an older woman, but now I know what it was like for her. Thank you Lisa for your fabulous work.
B000R4SMCW|5.0|If you like Hopkins, you will LOVE this movie. Typical keep you guessing till the end.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I hadnt even noticed that there were was no bonus material on the Blu-Ray but regardless....this movie is amazing! It had to be one of the best movies ive seen in years.....A complete original idea.....not some regurgitated movie from the 70's or 80's.....Or even worse....a movie from a TV show. Im a big fan of sci-fi action-adventure movies and Avatar will take its place up in my top list of all time movies.
6304711905|5.0|Tremendos cast--Kirk Russel--Val Kilmer--Sam Elliot--Bill Paxton--Powers Boothe.  You cannot go wrong with this cast and superb acting. Seeing Life as it WAS.  HARD, ROUGHT, LITTLE LAW, AND THE COWBOYS TO DEAL WITH.  MAKES A GREAT MOVIE/STORY.
B00335EQ0E|5.0|I haven't actually seen it yet, but it was purchased for my grandsons.  They love it, and have watched it over and over.  That's good enough for me.
B000E6FSPW|5.0|Rocky IV--My wife loves it, watches it the OUTHER 15 times a week. Not my cup of tea, But she LOVES it.  Very Fast Shipping.
B0037W68F4|1.0|Obviously MGMT have sent the fans to Amazon to rescue this mess from unsuspecting fans of the excellent first album Oracular Spectacular, but it should be instead posted along with the other 8 million bands on MySpace as it's in the same calibre. It's a rambling incoherent mess swamped in so much reverb you think you are listening to it in a cave.    Congratulations MGMT on destroying your career, yes I know it debuted at #2 (based on the success of Oracular Spectacular), but let's see where it is in a month, and how many come back for album #3.    Do yourself a favor, hook up with David Fridmann again and let him produce you!
0385504225|4.0|Loved DaVince Code and loved this one too.  I couldn't put it down.  Isn't that what a good book does?
B002VPE1AW|5.0|I saw this in both 35mm and iMax at the movies, and prefer this combo to waiting for the special holiday edition.  Walmart was sold out today, a large 7 shelf endcap display empty.  Happy we bought this on Amazon and saved $5 plus got it on release date from UPS.    The movie speaks for itself and the Blu-ray offers a much improved experience over standard DVD.  This move was not meant to be watched on a DVD.  To this end the bargain crossover combo will get many people to pick-up a Blu-ray player.  I have a higher end Sony 500 series and it took longer than usual to come up.  I would hate to be someone with a cheap knock-off player trying to watch this but update your firmware and you may have a decent chance.
1847879071|5.0|As the title of my review says this is an excellent book, because it meets all criteria of excellence: (1) thorough (2) easy to understand (3) fun to read.     I have recently written a book on data mining, and A. Field's book was one of my favorite references while I was writing the book.
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|A great collection of music spanning Michael's entire career.  The added bonus of the \\"Live In Concert In Bucharest\\" from the \\"Dangerous Tour\\" is something to see, especially for those of us who never had the opportunity to see Michael perform live.  If you are an MJ fan, this is a must have for your music collection.  The 59 page book gives you a brief synopsis of this remarkable entertainer and includes some beautiful pictures.
B001CTDH76|5.0|I bought this DVD set from Amazon and have always found amazon to have the lowest price available in comparison with Bestbuy, Target, and other online sites.  The package arrived the next day and was in good condition.  I watched a few of the episodes and so far the DVD works just perfectly.  No complaints!
B000TRXN6W|5.0|goodness!  there sure are a lot of stuffy critics!  i know you all like norah...we all wish we had 1/5 of her talent and smokey, bluesy voice.  i cannot find one fault with this cd...shame on you if you did.  i absolutely will buy this one & listen to it over & over on my ipod.  thank you amazon.com for offering such a memorable easy listening cd for such an unbelievable price.  norah can do no wrong in my opinion.  i will not nit-pik her to obession.  thanks norah...keep up the great, unique sound.
048623231X|5.0|Excellent book. This is a must-have for fans of Dore's work. I'm almost tempted to buy a second copy to frame a few pages.
B0013LKFVO|4.0|It was definitely time to upgrade! I got rid of all of my incandesent flashlights except of the well built Mag-lites I own. Not only are they durable they make great billy-clubs in a pinch. I have one that is 14 years old and looks nearly new.  I got these hoping it would rival some of the mini hi-output torches I own.  It does NOT, it is better that stock. light went from weak yellow to medium blue and it IS brighter, not a ton but noticeable.  Anyone remember when Mag-Lites were the BEST?  Boy, have times changed!  so much new and better product on the market!!  I am still glad I upgraded as the battery run time is very long now. I do not have any specific specs but I use one in the garage/house a lot and it is still on the initial set of batteries from the upgrade.  I checked around and Amazon had the best deal, at $20 [or less] per unit I think it is a good value, some may argue different.
0307454541|4.0|My complaint is that this book is really 3 stories: The murder mystery, the financial story, and the 'girl with the dragon tattoo'. A better writer would have (or should have been) able to tie them together better. Maybe it was the English translation, which did fall short as some reviewers have noted.<br /><br />This book is worth the time to read. It is very exciting. At certain places, I could not put it down.
B0035WTE2U|4.0|I'd have to admitt I already own all of these songs, but I've gotten drawn in a bit with the franchise hype to the movie.  It is a great collection on one cd and came with a dvd too!  The booklet is nice, if you are into ac/dc there is really nothing new in it you will not already know. At $9.99 no tax and free shipping I indulged myself.  If you are new to ac/dc it would be a great first or second cd as it has many of their old-standards that have made them famous and will make you want to buy more.
B000YAA68C|5.0|This movie was absolutely adorable. It was very well written with great casting!  They also picked a very unique yet cute selection of songs. I hope all of you enjoy it as much as I did.
B00004Y6O7|3.0|I too am a big Van Halen fan - though I never got into the Sammy years..  having said that, I think Fair Warning is the weakest album of all the DLR albums.  Everybody's got their preference (and order!) of recommendations for VH - mine would be: Van Halen, Van Halen II, Diver Down, Women & Children, 1984 and last (and also least) - Fair Warning.  Sorry to disagree with so many others, but this album is the only one of the DLR years albums that I really don't care much for mainly because the songwriting is at its least clever for the greater part of the album.  Although starting off strong with Mean Streets and the next song, it goes downhill from there pretty quickly.  Rhythms are often over-heavy and lack the fancy footwork that earlier VH albums possessed. It's muscle without brains. And Roth who I usually dig sounds more overbearing than usual.  Check it out if you must, as I did, but don't say you weren't given \\"fair warning\\" (heh, heh, heh).  New to Van Halen?  Don't start here.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|5 stars all day long. This is what movies are all about. This is why we flock to theaters, to have an experience this amazing. People who can't appreciate a movie this awesome should just go away. Avatar blew me away in 3D in theaters, and this blu Ray has literally the best visual/audio quality I have ever experienced. Buy this blu ray today. You will not be disappointed. Don't listen to the snobby bitter haters.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Are you kidding me? It's 2010 with Blu-ray technology and we get the movie only with a \\"bonus\\" DVD version? This doesn't even come with a digital copy-even Disney does that. And movie companies wonder why people aren't buying movies.     This is a great movie, but will teach me to read the packaging prior to purchase.     Just rent it and wait for a better DVD addition.
B002VPE1AW|2.0|Corporate man is bad.<br />Military man is savage.<br />Scientists have the best intentions.<br />Natives are innocent, pure, and peaceful.<br />There is no God, only Mother nature.<br /><br />Sound like something you've heard before coming from Hollywood? Maybe about 10,000 times?
B0035G5IOE|5.0|Fantastic Mr. Fox is fantastic!  I love all types of animation and this one does not disappoint.  Most animation is cell animation, drawn with (or sometimes without) computer assistance  But Mr. Fox is artfully done in stop-motion animation which is delightful and refreshes the imagination.  This style is shot frame by frame, with the slightest changes made to the \\"puppets\\" in each frame, creating a smooth flow of movement when viewed as a film.  The result is the animals hair, and other things, move in an interesting way creating a completely different effect from the animation we are used to.  If you are not familiar with this type of animation, that alone could be the reason to make the purchase.      Now for the fun part, the story itself.  I've watched this film at least 6 times at home and two times at the theater.  Each time I watch, I laugh even though I know what to expect.  It is a bit more of an adult film than a child's animation.  I think older children would get a lot out of it because it is a great moral tale without being preachy. The story is well told and wonderfully illustrated.  The characters are all memorable and make you want more.  The scenes of the animals eating and digging are especially well done.  The story is about the animals working together to overcome their situation although they have different needs.  Even the wolf which was feared thorough out the film comes off strong and respected.  In the end I'm filled with joy and want to see it again.     I highly recommend Fantastic Mr. Fox.
1400064287|5.0|The stories in this book stick with you, which very much proves the Heath brothers' points.  The Halloween urban (suburban!) myth of razor-bladed apples, for example, and onward.      Very well written (for a business book) although the internal dialog (due to having two authors) gets awkward in a couple points--are the brothers really writing this to make their mom happy that they're working together on a project?     (To their credit, the Heath Brother's new book, [[ASIN:0385528752 Switch: How to Change Things When Change Is Hard]] has smoother transitions, so they have learned from such moments.  Bravo.)
0393072231|5.0|I've been reading Michael Lewis' Big Short this week.  It is a clear, easy read.  And now especially 4/25/10, with all of the headline news about the big banks, especially Goldman Sachs.    I'm reading this book to make sense of it all.  I didn't lose any money, since I put all of my money into C.D.s with little interest, but no losses.    I especially loved the story about Michael Burry.  Fascinating stuff, what concrete focus can produce.    I also purchased from Amazon another book by Michael Lewis \\"Liar's Poker\\".    I recently saw Michael Lewis as part of a panel on t.v.  and he was very clear and great at opening the scenes and actions wide open.    There was another program on Bill Moyers were several economists made perfect sense to me as they talked about hard to understand derivatives, and that's because Michael Lewis' explanation was so clear.    Now let's have a bio on Michael Burry.    Baillee Serbin  Mill Valley,CA
B002VPE1B6|4.0|The movie was just amazing - the story is O.K., but the visual effects are simply unbelievable. I bought the Blu Ray / DVD combo and was expecting some special footage at least on the Blu Ray - a huge disappointment that there is no \\"making of\\", no cast interviews, no take outs, nothing but the movie on the Blu Ray - not even any live internet content. How can something like that be missed? Almost as bad as not releasing the 3D version...<br /><br />Anyhow, $20 well spent - it was for sure not the last time I watched this movie.
B002ZCDR88|5.0|After reading the book that accompanies the album, listening carefully to every song, and thinking about it for a while, I have decided that \\"Leave Your Sleep\\" belongs in the same category as \\"Automatic for the People\\", \\"Graceland\\", \\"Sgt. Pepper\\" and the other mold-breaking albums that changed everything and took music to a new level.  This album represents so much effort, genius, taste, love and devotion that words really can't describe it. I have been a big fan of Natalie Merchant for many years, because of her musical talent. Now I am a much bigger fan, because of who she is.
B002VPE1B6|1.0|Short Summery...DON'T BUY THIS RELEASE OF AVATAR...Wait a few more months for Fox to release the \\"real\\" version of the DVD...    Fox in their infinite wisdom has figured out a way to milk one of last summers biggest movies by ripping off it's customers that have been waiting for the Blu-Ray release of this movie...How is that you ask?  No special features of any kind...Not a single one...No commentary, no behind the scenes, no nothing but the movie most of us have already seen.  I am severely disappointed...I've had the movie on pre-order for months because I was really looking forward to seeing the behind the scenes special features about this movie only to find out that I'm going to have to buy a whole other copy of the movie in a few months just to get what in my opinion should have been on the disk to begin with.    Hey Fox...Way to make use of Earth Day...Feeding us a DVD that's just going to end up as a coaster in a few months when you finally get around to giving us what we want...Way to trick your fans guys...This is probably what ran through Fox's collective minds before this release...((Let's celebrate Earth Day by creating as much garbage as we can to fill up our local landfills, and force our fans (should they even remain fans after this insult) to shell out more money in the future just to get what we should have given them in the first place))...    Again...Do not buy this release of the movie...be patient a little longer and wait for the good stuff...
B002NWRMVS|5.0|Norah Jones continues offering us excellent music she composes (three of the thirteen in collaboration), performs, and sings in her beautiful, very special voice. The retailer sent the CD in very good time, which is always nice and appreciated.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Like other reviewers, I am upset to learn that none of us have the final, final complete film in our possession.  That like \\"Kingdom of Heaven\\" there is a longer and more complete version of this film on the near horizon.  From some reviewers, I gather this later edition is better.<br /><br />Whatever is going to happen, I am going to only comment on what I saw last night for the first time and then rewatched today.<br /><br />In one word, \\"Wow!\\".  I have seen where FX is going.  What a jump for this film goer who loved \\"Kingdom of Heaven\\" director Ridley Scott's \\"Alien\\" and Cameron's own sequel to that sci fi classic; some say that sequel was better than the original.<br /><br />My biggest complaint about modern movies is story given up for FX.  There are too many films out there the last many years in which that is happening.  But not here. And I hope the story line will be intact in the upcoming DVD release of Benecio del Toro's take on the Wolfman.  Another film with, as the teasers show, incredible FX, but also two Academy Award winning actors in del Toro and Hopkins.<br /><br />But back to \\"Avatar\\".  A wonderful story.  Wonderful. Wonderful. Wonderful.  Sure, I know it's been told alot of times.  But it was told very well here.  Very believably well.  And the FX only added to the magic of the sci fi saga.  They did not become the reason for the film in my opinion.<br /><br />So even if there is a longer and better version of \\"Avatar\\" on the horizon don't wait. Buy this and enjoy the film.  The acting, done a great deal by things that don't really exist and get your head around that concept, is excellent, the music uplifting, and the scenes are breathtaking.  Every single shot of this film is breathtaking.  From a gritty cremation to free falling down a cliff miles deep into a bottomless valley.<br /><br />Why wait?  A longer, and frankly better version of \\"Kingdom of Heaven\\" did not make me wait when that DVD first came out.  I'm glad I did not wait here.  You will too, I suspect.<br /><br />It's a treat.  \\"Avatar\\" does what films are supposd to do and does it well, longer version or not.  It entertains.<br /><br />You will be entertained.<br /><br />If this isn't enough to satisfy film goers out there, they are too jaded and should worry.reat.  \\"Avatar\\" does what films are supposd to do and does it well, longer version or not.  It entertains.      You will be entertained.      If this isn't enough to satisfy film goers out there, they are too jaded and should worry.
B00337KM2S|4.0|Clooney is the movie even though he has a strong supporting cast of two delightful women helping him.  The plot was the boring part from the standpoint that I have never heard of anything resembling his job and job functions even though I had over 30 years of managerial experiences.  He was a convincing \\"bumper\\" who was lucky he did not have bad things happen to him.  Had it not been for the two supporters this movie would have been a 2 or 3 star at best.  Additionally, throwing in a little bit of sex only addressed the script's weakness.  It was a tad bit much for the writer to attempt making us believe that George was so stupid that he did not know the necessary secrets of his bunkmate.  In fact. it made both of them look stupid but the title should go to the writers.  The music was quite good; however, the sound mixing was mediocre at best.  On a slightly off topic subject, I hope someone can help me by explaining how this standard DVD differs from Blu-Ray disk.
B001B1T7BU|4.0|Amazon throwing reviews for same titled products, which exist in two very differnt formats, often creates problems and we certainly have one here.   There are two US releases of the widescreen version 101 Dalmations: One from December 20o0 and one from the Fall of 2008.    The 2000 version is letterboxed wide screen. the 2008 (the one you definitely want if you have a widescreen TV) is anamorphic wide screen.    If you have a widescreen TV and you get the 2000 DVD (asn: 1558908374) the picture will be terrible compared to the much better 2008 edition (asn: B001B1T7BU)    Now I am not talking about SD (standard definition) vs Blu Ray (HD), or widescreen vs 4:3, but about what happens to a 2:35 (ultra widescreen) film like this when letter boxed as the 2000 version does. this means that half the data of the film is thrown a way. The resolution of the 2000 dvd is very very low quality compared to the same aspect ratio on the 2008 dvd.
B0014VPFTA|5.0|I am a recent John Mayer fan, and this is one of two albums I purchased.  He is extremely talented, and I really enjoy his lyrics.  I plan to buy all of his CDs based on how much a I am enjoying this one and Room for Squares.
B002RSDW80|5.0|This movie was much better than I expected. Sure it's two stories, Julie and Julia, and as everyone says the story of Julia is by far the stronger of the two. Meryl Streep is hilarious in this movie and I loved loved loved her character. I had several laughs at her and her story.  Julie's character was okay, not terrible. Meryl Streep really shines in this movie and it's definitely worth watching.
B002UNMWAG|3.0|I saw harsh reviews saying that its the new Transformers 2 = awful awful awful movie. But I agree with \\"B Nice\\" that Transformers 2 wasn't that bad. Take the movie for what it is: just an action packed summer blockbuster with comedy and a hot chick. What did you expect, a Best Picture out of Transformers 2? Of course not. Enjoy the special effects and stop criticizing the rest (sorry had to vent and defend Transformers 2, its decent, not terrible... like this one). But something like Boondock Saints 2 deserves more criticism than Transformers because the first is a cult classic and a new addition to the series may devalue the first. I agree with the average rating for this movie - 3 stars. I feel I had to voice my opinion because there's two extremes posted: awesome or awful. It is neither.    If I saw this one first then the original, I would have thought this was a good movie. However, seeing the epic first one and then this, I was a little let down... hence, your people's references to Transformers. However, like Transformers 2... it was decent in its own right and not as bad as many people are saying.    Now I will compare it to The Godfather series. For example, there are flash backs to the old days and it tries to be like The Godfather Part II in that way. I immediately thought of that when I watched it and even though I recognized it was trying to be like it, I still enjoyed those scenes... even though it was a little unoriginal.     The movie as a whole was not nearly as good as number one, but it doesn't make it a failure. The character Romeo was great. The concept was great... but the \\"artsy\\" scenes with the woman were a fail. Using sex appeal in those montages were insanely cheesy. That's the only thing. The woman FBI detective is just over the top with the accent (obvious it's not a real one) and she's trying too hard to be sexy. If she toned it down, this would have been a better movie. The accent is distracting and some of the scenes with her try too hard to be like Boondocks 1 scenes with Willem Dafoe. But it failed... If you're looking for something enjoyable and decent, this meets that requirement. Sex appeal, comedy, action. But the first had that (minus the sex) and was a great movie. This is where it falls short and probably because of the woman (not because she is one, but because she was over the top -- saying that to defer comments on sexism -- also I am straight... I'm just throwing that out there in advance so whoever comes out and says I am gay that the sex appeal devalued the movie... but it really does, it's over the top and cheesy in the montages).     It's enjoyable but doesn't meet the fans expectations of a great movie... hence my middle of the road review. Not awesome and not awful. The end action scene I expected more too... but still decent (just because not as good as first doesn't make something terrible) and the movie did get me excited for number 3. I do not want to give it away, but the value in this movie is the ending (and you'll know what I am talking about when you see it)... the end gets your hopes for the next installment to get back on track and to be as good as the first again... I just hope they tone down the woman character a bit and work on those \\"faux-artsy 'how the crime went down'\\" scenes.    UPDATE: LOOK AT MY COMMENT ATTACHED.
B002VECM6S|5.0|My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. It was heart-rendering. Sandra Bullock did fantastic in her role as the well-to-do do-gooder of the south.  Big Mike, otherwise known as, Michael was great.  Couldn't get enough of the movie, wish it could have gone on longer.  Everyone in your family should be able to come away with a good feeling, higher standard of values, and wanting to do something good for someone else.
B00004YM0D|5.0|This Cd is the best sound track around.  The movie that it is from is a great movie.  I recommend this CD to anyone especially the baby boomer group.
0937381888|5.0|This is a great book to have if one wants to learn to brew.All aspects of brewing are covered in this book as well as calculations needed. A must for any homebrewer.
0553381695|3.0|NOT NOT as good as Game of Thrones by FAR.  Don't believe the hype saying these books get better.      1. The first half is boring and slow: The first half of this book should have been cut in half.  Halfway through it picks up, there are some emotional moments, though the ending of this book is nowhere as exciting as Book 1.      2. Despite the fact that the book takes off exactly where we left off, the characters are completely changed, new motivations, the tone & emotional line drops completely AND he is constantly recapping what happened to these characters from the first book.  It is not like every other series in history where the author just keeps going.  No one is going to read this book standing alone so it's as if the author is reminding himself, and thus making us lose trust in him.    3. Not as balanced as Book 1 where every character was equally exciting.  Here there are some characters whose arc is just completely boring and slow (Arya) and some characters whose arcs are completely awesome, hilarious (Tyrion) and the quality switch is very jarring.    Book 1 = edge of my seat, addicting.    Book 2 = skimming, waiting.    4. MAPS ARE COMPLETELY ILLEGIBLE ON KINDLE: There are additional maps with every book which are completely blurry and illegible on Kindle.  I have had to look them up online to try to understand where things are.  The general map of Westeros can be found online but the others are more difficult.  The Kindle also makes it difficult to quickly reference the character guides in the appendices.  So, in general, the additional reference materials are pretty useless on the Kindle.
B0030IIYWA|5.0|The DVD is great- I bought both 1 and 2 for $40 including shipping and am very happy with my purchase.
B0030IIZ56|5.0|The DVD is great- I bought both 1 and 2 for $40 including shipping and am very happy with my purchase.
B000A2IPP0|5.0|There has been some criticism about this version of \\"E.T.\\" for aesthetic reasons.  A scene early in the film where teenage boys are sitting around the kitchen table smoking cigarettes has been excised save for some billowing smoke that is inexplicably wafting in the air.  I have no problem with this as a smoker since my teen years knowing full well how impressionable kids are in taking up this dangerous addiction.  The substitution of walkie talkies for guns carried by federal agents is downright silly, however.  These are law enforcers and they carry guns and it can easily be explained to the young ones.  They added a couple of forgettable scenes that don't detract from the film but don't enhance it either.  These choices by director Steven Spielberg, however, didn't bother me as much as the re-issued versions of the original \\"Star Wars\\" trilogy by George Lucas in the Nineties.  Lucas added superfluous CGI effects as though he didn't trust the stories in these films to carry the day.  For arguments sake, let's say you've never seen the original, this version suffices magnificently.  For sure the E.T. creature is wonderfully conceived but the heart and soul of the film are the kids who interact with E.T.  If you didn't believe for a moment the bond between the children and the visitor from another world the whole film falls apart.  Kudos to Drew Barrymore and specifically Henry Thomas for their heartfelt work here.  On it's original release the film was damned somewhat with faint praise with minor criticism of Spielberg engaging in child's play.  Spielberg is a very humanistic artist as demonstrated in his work here as well as his more serious work in \\"Schindler's List\\" and \\"Saving Private Ryan\\".  For better or worse, Spielberg's canon is of a piece and \\"E.T.\\" easily goes to the forefront when discussing the director's output.  The film was snubbed at the Oscars for having the misfortune of going up against \\"Gandhi\\", a very good but not particularly great film abouta man who was universally regarded as a saint.  Not to denigrate Richard Attenborough's film but Spielberg's effort has much more traction.
0547260695|5.0|Beautiful, deep and engaging!  I felt I am \\"inside\\" the book and the story. Pop Up art significantly improves the storytelling. Read the book a number of times and enjoyed it each single time.  Seen  more sophisticated  levels of 3D books, with more amazing pop up techniques. But this story is told so well in this book....  Highly recommended for grown up too.
031606792X|5.0|I've only recently became a Twightfan. I had watched the first movie sometime last year, way after it was out of anyone's radar and although I found it cute, didn't think much of it, just that it'd be nice to see the second one just to follow up the story line.  Well, after watching the second movie this year, I was so intrigued that I felt compelled to give the story another glance.  Before I knew it I had purchased all the books at once, thinking that the movie wouldn't give me all the details.  After reading all four books in less than 2 weeks, I am not dissapointed.  I was completely engulfed in the story.  I was hesitant at times to keep reading, for as curious as I was to see the denouement of these fantastic fable; I was saddened by the thought of seeing it culminate.  Breaking Dawn is in my opinion the best book of the saga.  I understand how the others were a necessary preamble to this the main course, or best, yet, the unavoidable and most awaited dessert! But their existence seems almost trivial now... All that was said in the two middle books could have been summarized in one for all I am concerned, in this book is where you see the maturity of the characters, the full development of their potential...the true reasons why they existed at all.  I was happy to see Bella mature and embracing her role as a mother, it seemed so natural.  One word to describe most of the characters is \\"selfless.\\"  Even though this whole saga was mainly directed at teenagers, there are embedded messages that we can all learn from.  The book expands beyond teenagers to reach a greater audience.
0307454541|1.0|I just finished The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo, by Stieg Larsson...what a disappointment! At 600 pages, one would expect to find out just what lurks in the background of the title-girl -- but no! Buy his next book, and maybe all will be revealed. No thanks.<br /><br />The translation is herky-jerky and clumsy, and paragraphs go on and on in the vein of he went in the kitchen and made coffee and sandwiches, then sat on the bench and ate them. Tell us something! Propel the plot forward! And, if not, then edit edit edit!!! I suppose if you're into the details of computer hacking, there is something here for you. But I think that Larsson relies too much on an apparent shock factor of a 25-year-old pierced-and-tattooed girl with, possibly, Asperger's Syndrome. Yawn.<br /><br />There is, I must admit, incest, murder and torture. But very little suspense. I advise forgoing the $16 paperback price tag and turn on the evening news: it spins a better story, and it's over in under an hour.<br /><br />Perhaps if one lives chastely in the middle of a cornfield somewhere, the gimmick works. But if this hadn't been my book club selection, I'd have flung it across the room well-before 150 pages, when it finally seemed to be taking off. Don't get me wrong -- I don't begrudge a novelist writing a bestseller and actually perhaps being able to live off the earnings of his writing. But damn. Work a little harder on the art of the craft.
B0000024IE|4.0|Still one of the high water marks of old-school (ie: integrity-possessed) hip hop, both lyrically and sonically.
1559409010|5.0|Life of Brian is the funniest and most cohesive of all Monty Python movies. Brought to you by England's troupe of well-educated wabble-wowsers.     [DW]
B002VPE1B6|1.0|I have the newest PS3 which plays all other blu-ray discs fine, but when it comes to Avatar I have to eject, put it in, wait, eject, put it in, at least 3 times before the disc can be recognized.
B00005JL2O|2.0|While I thought most of Goldmember was funny (basically the same joke repeated two dozen times), I was dismayed at the blatant product placement in Goldmember. I guess they needed to find the money for Tom Cruise somewhere. Unfortunately, the conspicuous logo placements are distractions. It's pretty sad that the filmmakers didn't have the confidence in their movie to do away with this crass commercialism.     [DW]
0385523386|4.0|Piper Kerman left prestigious Smith College with degree in hand and no direction. With a move to California, an attitude of rebellion and willingness to try anything, she found herself in a complicated relationship with a woman named Nora. Nora was Piper's segue into the world of drug smuggling and exotic travel. As Piper stepped closer to the edge of disaster, she saw her life and the direction it was heading and walked away to start over.    A few years later, Piper found herself in a moderately successful career, in a serious relationship with a man she loved, and mostly forgetting about her brief, dark past when she is served with a federal indictment. Knowing her part in the drug ring was peripheral, at best, she made a plea deal in order to avoid a long prison sentence.    Piper tells her story honestly and with introspection. She describes the six years she put her life on hold waiting for the drug lord to be extradited before she could begin her 15 month sentence. Terrified as she was, she entered federal prison as a \\"self surrender.\\"     Within the prison walls Piper describes a different society.  She includes descriptions of the women who most impacted her and briefly includes prison personnel. Piper spends the bulk of the book chronicling her experiences, using her gift of verbal illustration to draw in the reader. Although a memoir, the author is objective in her descriptions and attaches only the briefest of emotion to peripheral experiences. At times she waxes philosophical, yet at appropriate and pivotal points of her journey. She takes issue with \\"mandatory minimum sentence\\" yet learns how her small part in the drug ring was a culminating piece of the drug problem in America.    The book is not only a snapshot of Danbury, the minimum security federal prison where she served, but of the close, vital relationships the women developed to survive. She is confronted with the reality that she needs people to survive not only in the prison system but outside as well.  Her constant flow of mail, books, and visitors gave her a lifeline to the outside world.    I found the book to be an incredibly engaging read. The language is strong thus reader beware.  The sexual innuendo is clear but tastefully vague. I found myself particularly drawn to this woman's courage to write a book about such a humiliating experience; her dark life before meeting Larry, her humiliations suffered in prison, her choices in prison, and her capacity to grow as a person and eventually forgive Nora.    I also found her opinions on the overcrowding of prisons to be sound, although I have been leaning in this direction as well.  \\"Corrections\\" is a fallacy. Prison is to punish then set a person free with no training for re-entry into a world that has continued moving without them. This is the one loose end that leaves me wanting a better system.    I found myself feeling frustrated with the snail's pace of getting something done, the chaotic and detached attitude of many of the prison personnel, and the masochistic, power-craving guards who thrived on humiliating the prisoners. I found myself enraged by the inequity of adequate counsel and archaic laws.    Above all, I enjoyed the journey of Piper Kerman, entering Danbury alone, adapting to the new social rules, and learning to love the women she discovered from all walks of life. This is not a story of one woman's experience as an Ivy League graduate in the depths of a prison where she didn't belong. This is a story of a woman finding belonging in a foreign society where nobody is in charge yet the women take care of one another.    Thank you to Debbie at Random House for providing a copy of this book for review.
B00005M08C|5.0|The cut-and-paste album Gorillaz is very fun from start to finish. Gorillaz is like other prefabricated pop such as Britney Spears or Destiny's Child except these caricatures are actually good. It is far superior to anything singer 2D's band Blur has released in the last five years.     Despite the lyrics being somewhat depressing at times (\\"I Ain't Happy...\\", \\"Can't stand your loneliness\\") the music is very upbeat and annoying (in a good way). The song 19-2000 will drive you absolutely bonkers (much as Song 2 from Blur's 1997 album did). Other exceptional ditties include Re-Hash, Tomorrow Comes Today, and the dub-reggae of bonus track Dracula.    The cartoon characters might be two-dimensional, but the music is 3D. Think: Beck meets Dr. Dre meets Augustus Pablo.    Actually, don't think just buy it.    [DW]
0312370849|3.0|The book was written well and it was very easy to read. But It builds up to a big reveal and there's absolutely no resolution. I was frustrated with the story from pretty much the time it began.<br />At first you're thinking 'What's going on with these stories\\" but you assume that you just have to read on to figure it out. And about halfway through the book you do figure it out. Then there's all this drama, which is the most entertaining part of the novel, but it doesn't lead anywhere. By the time you figure out the plot there's no need to even finish the book because nothing happens in the end.
B00005TT77|2.0|Although there are some excellent musicians on this CD, they play it too safe. Most groups are trying too hard to sound like the original songs and they add nothing. The only exception is The Chocolate Genius' excellent version of Julia. Most sound like the original tune on Prozac. What would Let It Be sound like if sung by Ringo Starr? Listen to Nick Cave's version to find out. Grandaddy's sloppy version of Revolution is downright annoying.    Rule: If you can't make it better, don't do it. I would rather hear the originals.    For die hard Beatle Tribute band fans only.    [DW]
B000AM4PBS|4.0|it's an amazing collection for all friends lovers, it contains all the extra scenes that were cut in the original show, my only comment is that i wished it contained an episode called (ten years of friends) am not sure of the name but it's the one where they gathered parts from all the 10 seasons but i couldn't find it...
B0000931OG|4.0|After the dismal 13, Think Tank is a refreshing recording. The sound is a progression of Music Is My Radar. However, in order to keep the band together, it probably should have been Damon Albarn's solo album. It's understandable why the guitarist Graham Coxon abandon Blur while making this album. This music doesn't lend itself to his heavy guitar style. The success of Gorillaz also had something to do with his leaving. He didn't want the band to be known as Damon Albarn's Blur.     [DW]
0385523904|5.0|Rarely does a book like this come along. Years of research, interviews, and writing boiling down to an honestly interesting read. This is more than just a wonderful snapshot of life in North Korea. Honest almost to a fault, fairly presented, and not a one-sided book by far... this book comes just shy of praising 1960s North Korea for providing for its people better than 1960s South Korea! However, the author pulls no punches and tells it like it is, painting a brutally honest picture of what life, government, and culture is like in North Korea. A fairly thorough examination of the revisionist history taught in the northern provinces of North Korea combined with personal stories and anecdotes from the same region helps round out the content. The content, by the way, is as appropriate as is possible for the topic, and could be presented to, say, high school history classes with little or no worry about inappropriate content.    As an interesting note, the author chooses completeness over fairytale endings, and decides to tell us what happens AFTER the \\"happily ever after\\" escapes into South Korea. The results are sometimes startling, but does end the book on a hopeful note about these people and the stark world they lived in.
B000067CPX|5.0|This is a great CD. Over an hour's worth of excellent songs. How do they keep delivering? The harmonies are awesome. Songwriting has also taken a giant leap forward. By The Way is much better than Blood Sugar Sex Magik. This is the best RHCP I've heard yet.    Keep 'em coming.    [DW]
B001AP11LQ|5.0|The White Stripes' self-titled debut album is purely amazing. Diving straight in with \\"Jimmy the Exploder\\", the song is incredibly catchy. The main riff, however simple, is genius, and you won't be able to get it out of your head. Throughout the album, Jack and Meg's souls and energy are poured into the music, and it obvious that so much work was put into the album. However long you've been interested in the Stripes, this album will surely be an amazing complement to the rest of your collection, and after you've listened to the first album, you won't be able to wait to buy the others.
B00006879E|5.0|I happened to hear This Love by accident and was instantly hooked. Imagine: a song with a bridge! What a novelty these days. The rest of the album is equally well written. Think: Sting meets Stevie Wonder meets Elton John.    Fans of Maroon 5 should also check out Citizen Cope.    [DW]
0783229526|1.0|I will preface this review by stating that I have never read the book upon which this movie is based. I purchsed this DVD based upon the list of actors. I was truly disappointed with this movie in that I kept waiting for something -- anything -- reasonable and sensible to happen. Alas, it was not forthcoming. The continual narration by Depp's character did not work for me as it really did not add anything close to approximating coherency. The cameo by Bussey was good; however other than that watch this movie only if you are familiar with the book and have an extra two-hours of your life to spend.
B00008LOS1|3.0|Yet another reissue of this classic album, Deluxe Edition offers very little that's new. While the geniuses at MCA have included still more bad alternate versions they forgot other classic songs written around the same time: Time Is Passing, Here For More, The Seeker, I Don't Even Know Myself, Greyhound Girl, Too Much Of Anything, etc.    The most interesting thing about this latest retread is the live set on disc 2. The band sounds like they didn't rehearse. Keith Moon is especially out of sync. At least the set is varied.    This collection is for die hard Who fans only.    [DW]
B0015AARJI|4.0|while i think the ps3 controller is overpriced, it is simply the best controller design ever. i have tekken 6 for the xbox 360, and i had to take it back and get the ps3 version because the game play just isnt the same without the playstation controller. the multi-button directional pad is the best design idea ever.
B00005OWEG|3.0|This extended version of Apocalypse Now is only of note for film students. The original edit of the movie is by far better. However, it's interesting to see how much of a film you can cut out and not effect the final output. I ran both versions at the same time on two DVD players. While continuity has been restored in the Redux version, the interest of the plot is lost. The longest cut scene is of French renegades holding out on their Vietnam plantation. This diversion adds nothing to the plot and contains another dining scene. The other long scene cut from the film is about Chef and Lance each making with a Playboy bunny from the earlier stageshow scene. It is totally unbelievable. Also, Marlon Brando's character seems less frightening in the Redux version because we see him in the daylight. A lesson learned in film editing.     [DW]
B002VPE1B6|1.0|First of all it wouldn't play w/o a update of firmware of my BD player, so we skipped the BD part and watched it on plain old DVD. hey its a movie. Effects were good. The story, well i didn't really understand what was going on and who the hell these guys were and what they were doing here. I didn't see this in the theater so I don't know if there was more story line handed out in the building or what. My parents saw it in 3D and they saw things they missed watching it the 2nd and 3rd time. My brother was able to play it back on his PlayStation 3...(second time my DVD third time his PS3 and his Avatar BD)<br /><br />OK, well wait. Putting the disc into my player after an update I still get a warning... Blue-Ray not ready for Prime-Time again...( maybe they should tell the BD player peeps what kind of software they're using so they can get an update for it...<br />review drops from 3 stars to 1 star. Sorry this fellow isn't worth the plastic its pressed out of....
B000059RL3|5.0|Somehow the folks at Motown managed to stretch a very short classic album out to cover two CDs. For those of us who have heard the classic What's Going On to death, the bonus versions are a real joy. The Detroit Mix versions are significantly different to warrant inclusion. But, the main reason for this collection is the live performance on disc two. Bassist James Jamerson provided the backbone to Marvin's mere sketches of songs. Live, he was even better.     [DW]
1565117700|3.0|Gary Sinise does an amazing job of bringing the story and characters in \\"Of Mice and Men\\" to life in the complete and unabridged audiobook.<br /><br />Having said that, the story itself is rather disturbing and one wonders why it became required reading in so many high schools across the land.<br /><br />It's a an interesting time peace, reflecting the Great Depression in California, but these are rough characters, with rough language and behavior. There are so many more uplifting works of fiction out there for our young people to read or hear.
B00005QDW5|5.0|The latest of Pink Floyd's \\"Greatest Hits\\" collections, Echoes is the first created for the capacity of the compact disc. Never before have so many tracks been compiled together. Although abbreviated, their longer tracks like Echoes, Shine On You Crazy Diamond, and One of These Days are represented here. The songs are seamlessly remixed together to create a continuous flow of related songs.    Luckily, there are very few songs from The Division Bell and Momentary Lapse Of Reason. Learning to Fly doesn't quite fit after Us and Them. Minor points aside, Echoes is an excellent group of some of Floyd's more memorable songs.     The artwork is a major bonus as well. Original designer Storm Thorgerson was enlisted to revisit his classic album covers and reconfigure them in a new, trapezoidal design that works well.    [DW]
0385504225|3.0|With the Lost Symbol, Dan Brown has moved into the horror genre, which isn't my bag. I love adventure, suspense, action, but not horror.  Loved the Da Vinci Code.  With Angels and Demons, Mr. Brown was flirting with horror, certainly a bit of gore, but there's no doubt about it now.  He's become a horror novelist.  I wanted to finish the book before the movie came out.  The Da Vinci Code movie was surprisingly faithful to the book, more than most movies are.  I enjoy reading the book first.  But I won't be going to this movie if it's made, as much as I like Tom Hanks.  I do not want to see on the big screen some of the scenes in this book.  If you are into horror, you will probably enjoy this book.  Would be nice if Mr. Brown would give some credit to those researchers that benefit him so much; in this case, William Henry.
B0000508U6|5.0|I borrowed this CD from the library along with a bunch of others. I wasn't too impressed until the song Trouble. Coldplay has mastered the art of subtlety. Breathy singer Chris Martin sounds like a cross between Jason Falkner and Rob Dickinson (of Catherine Wheel). The guitar atmospherics of Jon Buckland fit perfectly. Since I've bought the CD, I've listened to it many times. Each time I find another nuance (one of the few recent albums I can say that about). In an age of over-hyped, annoying music, Coldplay comes across as a refreshingly cool breeze. Get Parachutes if you want real music from real people.    [DW]
B001NZX8XW|5.0|I'm not usually a fan of albums like these where they're 'unplugged' and such.  But Bryan Adams has changed my mind, at least for his album.  Adams is amazing on this album.  I'm a bigger fan of his earlier work, anything before 18 'Til I Die.  So easily my favorites on this album are 'Summer of '69', 'Cuts Like A Knife' and 'Heaven' and his version of 'I'm Ready' being a completely different version of the original, but it's just so beautifully done!  But the whole album is just amazing.<br />Some of the best by Bryan Adams!
B0000DJZA0|2.0|Coldplay, like most English bands, doesn't really deviate from the studio version when playing live. This makes for a predictably likable set. With only two CDs it's too early for Coldplay to release a live recording. In the documentary (included on the DVD) you get the feeling that Chris Martin doesn't think his band will last. The U2 influence is undeniable especially considering how far the band has come in America in such a short time. It's also a testament to how bad the music scene is today.    The bonus CD is tracks from the same concert as the DVD and offers noting new.    For completists only.    [DW]
1591843162|1.0|This sounds like the birth of a buzzword, if not a management fad. Soon we'll be attending seminars at the local Holiday Inn where everyone will be required to ask who the linchpins in the organization are, are you a linchpin, how to be a linchpin, recruiting linchpins, managing linchpins, managing for linchpinism, and so on ad nauseam. \\"To linchpin\\" will become a verb (if it hasn't already), and \\"linchpinning\\" will be a recognized activity. Nobody will really understand what \\"linchpin\\" means, but everyone will have to add it to his or her business vocabulary or else risk not be able to talk the current talk. In a few years, it'll be replaced by something else, which I'm sure one of Seth Godin's competitors is working on even now, and linchpin will join leveraging and re-engineering in the dumpster out by the loading dock.    For what it's worth, a linchpin is just a fastener, a pin that holds wheels on carts. A corporate linchpin, if we absolutely must use the term, would be someone who helps hold the organization together - not necessarily an innovator or self-starter, just a force for organizational cohesion. We can all be that.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Was sorry to see the usual  skeptics exhort negatives about this film, future  releases, et.al. Rest assured, this is the most beautiful film ever produced, and the transfer onto Blue-Ray is beyond reproach. The story line, often maligned as transparent is as viable as a thousand other stories which are readily accepted. This however is irrelevant as the colors bounce off the boundaries of your brain as the surround sound bounces off the walls in layers. Do yourself a favor and get the package with both a DVD and Blue-Ray presentation so that you can enjoy it at maximum effectiveness, either with the Blue-Ray player you currently own or the player you should coax yourself into purchasing if presently without. You could drive yourself crazy waiting for future releases with nebulous enhancements or simply purchase this film TODAY and gape in appreciative wonder. Some individuals are educated far beyond their intelligence. Leave their pettiness behind you and treat yourself to this masterpiece as soon as possible.
B001OQCV6K|5.0|Sherlock Holmes was one of those movies you had to pay real close attention to. You couldn't daydream or you would get lost and write a bad review. It was brilliantly acted, had a very ellaborate plot and combined action, adventure, romance, comedy and sci-fy. A great movie. Just pay close attention.
B0030Y11XS|4.0|Michael Moore really seems to be on the side of the little guys.  His latest video finally points to one of the greatest problems facing the US, the power of corporations over regular folks.  Even though it looks like we have a democracy, it mostly isn't.  People with money make the big decisions, not the regular folks. Moore makes this point clear.    If we want to have an actual democracy instead of an oligarchy, the time to start working on it is now.  Before it's too late, if it isn't already.
B000VNMMPM|4.0|Being an old altar boy from East L.A., I really enjoyed the 'play on perception' this movie offers.    Not unlike what the Franciscan nuns tried to tell us, sort of.
0891419063|5.0|This book was as real as it gets.  This author survived something he had no business surviving and lived to tell the tale.  Riveting and every bit as good as the reviews.
B0026RHR6K|5.0|the universe of Battlestar is the most interesting... The Cylons, Twelve Colonies and Greek mythology as a base of beliefs... great minds did it ! Thank you so much for so much time \\"wasted\\" for this !!!
B000SXMQ24|5.0|Timeless. This album was way ahead of its time. I find myself always going back to it. One of there many great ones.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|All Michael Moore's films comprise an awakened understanding of the degenerate state of affairs not only in America but in the whole world. This should be seen and discussed and further researched by school children as well as adults of all political, religious, corporate and governmental points of view.   The perhaps subtle revolution to shift from the old paradigm of competitivenes, greed and corruption is evolving into a totally transformative new paradigm of cooperation and caring for one another.   Michael Moore won't have to wait too long now, since We the People are indeed stepping up to the plate as President Obama has challenged us to do. Many have joined forces to purchase and send \\"Capitalism: A Love Story\\" to all Congress members, Senators-Federal and State, Judges, corporations and other financial institutions so that they understand the power of the People as the Constitution protects.  Wouldn't it be wonderful to have this film objectively reviewed on the mass media?
0142004413|5.0|I am sometimes hesitant to read books that were written in the 1950's.  I have a bias that says perhaps the book will be irrelevant or somehow dated.  While this book was written in that time period, it is an absolutely timeless book!  This book can be read anytime, anywhere, by anyone regardless of age, reading preferences or genre preference.  I just loved this book.  Never before has a book made me laugh out loud as this one did.  The author has a story-telling style that will reel you right in.  He tells stories about his very unique family in a very respectful, albeit hilarious way.  When you read the book, (and yes, you absolutely SHOULD read it) pay special attention to the stories about the scorpion and magpies.  I had to read these excerpts out loud to my family as I just had to share the hilarity.  Aside from the outstanding humor, the author writes with exquisite detail about the flora, fauna and landscapes on Corfu.  At times, while reading the descriptions of the ocean or olive grove or mountain lake, I wished I could step into the imagery and experience the loveliness.  The author is unsurpassed in descriptive writing.  This quality, paired with the humor and light-heartedness, makes this book a one-of-a-kind must read book.  Read it!  You really will not be disappointed.
0312360258|4.0|I was given Marked and Tempted, why the person who bought these bought them out of order?  Doesn't really matter.  Before I started reading, I read the reviews first. (typical of me)  They (in my opinion) were saying how juvenile they were, that was the biggest complaint.  So I started reading the first chapter, enjoyed it, alot more than I really thought I would, continued reading 'Marked',  and before I knew it the book was finished and I was at the store buying the next two books of the 'House of Night'.   Yes it is based mostly on high school characters, but those aren't the only ones, there are characters of all ages.  There are some sexual things happening, but sex not what the book(s) revolved around.  I was/am hooked and now I have to go and find Untamed, Hunted, and there is another out April 27th, (thats tomorrow) Burned.  So there are 7 books.    I just ask one favor of those writing their reviews, keep the storyline out, just let us know if they are worth reading.  And the grammer (again in my opinion), unless it makes the books make no sense really that should fall under a complaint to the publishing company.  Thanks for taking the time to read my review. (sorry if I didn't give anything away)  Enjoy the books....
B001ILFUDC|5.0|I ordered this video for my granddaughter. It came in perfect condition and on time. I am very pleased with Amazon.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|Honestly, there was no way the release of \\"Avatar\\" was going to get by unscathed from every comment under the sun by movie critics and the audience. The top-secret project from a director who hasn't directed a film in 12 years, the last of which was number 1 in the box office Stateside and worldwide, it won 11 out of 14 Oscars including Best Picture and birthed a song you couldn't seem to escape no matter how fast you ran. Then the weirdness started pouring in like James Cameron's really long-winded speech at the E3 Expo explaining the movie for nearly 20 minutes to the visuals of bright, colorful animals and blue cat people and would incorporate 3D technology that no one has either tried or pulled off successfully. But then it came out, reviews were solid, the 3D format become THE way to see it and the film so far has earned way more money than Titanic did. Unfortunately this almost meant the naysayers would be out in droves concerning the familiarity of the plot to other movies which had plots similar to other movies and now we have an absolutely bare-bones Blu-Ray/DVD; a release completely devoid of special features with the only thing missing is a \\"better edition later\\" advertisement somewhere. How's the movie? Well Cameron is certainly one of the premier directors and clearly hasn't lost his touch but at the same time the film does have some issues as well.    On the planet of Pandora, humans have established a colony there and are trying to mine a very valuable (yet lazily named) metal known as \\"Unobtainium\\". It would be easy if Pandora wasn't filled with dangerous wildlife and a toxic atmosphere, requiring everyone to wear breathing masks outside. The other problem is the indigenous tribe on the planet, known as the \\"Na'vi\\" who don't take to kindly to this threat to their home. So the humans set up a lab built of \\"avatars\\", Na'vi and human DNA cloned in a lab controlled by brainwaves but there has to be a suitable fit for each avatar so in comes Jake Sully, the twin brother of another driver recently killed. While Jake finds the experience exhilariting as he's paralyzed from the waist down, the military also has a mission for him: enter the tribe, gain their trust and convince them to move off a piece of land which has one of the biggest mineral deposits they've found. While initially Jake follows orders, meeting tribe member Ney'tiri and growing more in love with the harmony and purity of the forest starts to see the bad guys being his own kind so with the help of some friends, including project leader Grace Augustine, Jake has to figure out how to defeat and drive off a technologically-superior force, the love triangle he gets himself involved in as well as his mission and what happens when the tribe finds out.    I'll admit the story is unbelievably familiar, not only in terms of the basic premise but certain archetypes as well. The upfront and sassy project leader, the nerdy lab member threatened by the new guy's progress (which is weirdly never delved into), the wise shaman woman, the would-be-husband threatened by Jake who later respects him as a warrior to the no-nonsense military general who might as well be twirling his mustache or petting his evil black cat on a chair. But then again, if Avatar is Dances with Wolves in space, wouldn't Dances with Wolves be the Pocahontas story in the Civil War? See, Avatar's premise is one seen many times over but it comes down to how the director made that premise worked for the film. After all, how many Sleeping Beauty or Romeo and Juliet-type stories have you seen/heard/read in your life and how many took that idea into cool places? But that's one thing where Avatar becomes a bit flawed, mainly in its pacing. Whereas I'm sure a sequel was inevitable or even planned, it feels like the film is just crammed with stuff that it sacrifices the flow of the film, worrying that a shorter film would yield less cooler stuff to show. Like Titanic, scenes could've been chopped but wereleft in which slightly bogs the film until it really kicks into high gear later.    And when I mean cool stuff I mean there is some really awesome and dare I say \\"gorgeous\\" stuff in Avatar. Like the Lord of the Rings, it feels like the world of Pandora has been meticulously designed and developed even if we never understand its purpose or its very existence. From the ground which briefly glows a-la Michael Jackson's \\"Billie Jean\\" video to bugs that twirl in mid-air, bio-luminescent trees and almost neon-colored forestry makes the film really beautiful to look at and the creature designs look quite extraordinary as well. Then there is the Na'vi themselves: nearly 10 feet, all blue, cat eyes and ears who bond with animals and the forest through the tips of the long hair. Kay. But regardless of what you think of the film, there's no denying just how amazing it all looks and sadly I was unable to find a theater near me that didn't require an 8 hour drive that could not only display the film in a digital screen (our local theater uses projectionists still, how lovely) to the IMAX 3D screenings. Like Star Wars which was a good film and a step forward in terms of digital effects, Avatar feels like a movie that will start to open up even more advanced forms of digital creativity in the next decade. Sound is also great not only in sound design but in the mix as the score is powerful and emotional without overbearing while the design has great impact in loud moments, balance in quieter moments and well put together. Only weird thing is that I swear one Pandoran creature's bark sounds like it comes straight from Jurassic Park's velicoraptors.    How's the acting? It's...okay since Cameron knows how to stage action scenes incredibly well and he's right up there with Spielberg and Jackson in creating exciting battle scenes but then again his dialogue tends to be slightly...off. One liners don't quite work, characters feel a bit too broadly-drawn and the \\"I see you\\" line seems towant to replicate the \\"you jump, I jump\\" line from Titanic but without the impact. And while Sam Worthington plays his part really well, it's Zoe Saldana, fresh off the success of the Star Trek reboot who completely steals the show as Ney'tiri. Sigourney Weaver plays the sassy and almost too-*****y Augustine but then Giovanni Ribisi plays the swarmy Parker who is part of the corporation funding the whole deal on the planet. My one disappointment is that we have Michelle Rodriguez of \\"Fast and Furious\\" and \\"Resident Evil\\" fame about to show that she can play more than the tough-as-nails female who seems to want to punch whatever looks at her funny yet she gets barely any screen time. And side note: she's actually hotter in this film than other ones too and that's just criminal given her small screen time.     Should you buy this? I'd seriously debate this since the film's great, the transfer is near flawless with the effects becoming a bit more slightly obvious and it comes with the DVD for those in your homes without a DVD player but then again this is another victim in the double-dip strategy: release a bare-bones release to quench your thirst until you release the packed Special/Collector's/Limited edition down the line which might even get a triple-dip when a Extended Edition or Director's Cut comes later. Ultimately it becomes a question of how often is your household going to watch Avatar and whether or not that'll be enough till the bigger edition is released later but if you absolutely want to watch the movie whenever you want without re-visiting the theater then go for it but the film's good enough to watch though it's debatable whether it's a purchase right this second.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|I am one of those people that has a collection of BluRays / DVDs of movies only viewed once.  When I saw the previews of the movie, I honestly had no interest in seeing it in the theater.  I marked it immediately as one that fit the \\"collection\\".  And I wish I had watched it earlier.  I don't have the theater version to compare it to, but, from what I saw of this movie it was not just visually stunning, but, sounded incredible as well.  There are those that say don't buy this because it doesn't contain any special features. I was slightly disappointed that it didn't have those, yes.  But, I am really happy that I bought this now, rather than waited until November for the extras.  Because I bought this and finally watched it, it made me want to watch it on the big screen and I was able to find a theater that was still showing it.  At least then, I can see what may be missing from the storyline.  But, until then, the disk, as is, was great enough for me.
B0026P3G12|3.0|I bought this for someone else so sorry I can't provide a good review. Just Youtube it and see if you like it.
0393072231|4.0|A great play-book to help understand either what is about to go down in the courts, or what SHOULD go down in the courts. Lewis has exposed a whole new level of insider trading.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I thought this movie was great, and the cast couldn't have done better. They nailed alot of details which made me happy, and for the most part I feel that they handled any historical mistakes very well.
0307463745|5.0|Rework is the book any professional should read. Their principles apply to almost any kind of business and it's a great source of inspiration.<br />I highly recommend you read this book!
B001DPHDCY|5.0|Great seller, very available for answering questions. DVD is in perfect shape and I will use this seller again.
B002S0OBN2|5.0|In a word, loved it. Why should anyone care what I think? I'm a long-time phan girl - have seen the original show almost 20 times, including 6 times with Michael Crawford (4x in NYC and 2x in L.A.); I'm also a major music lover, with tastes spanning from Wagner to the Rolling Stones. Was a bit leery after reading initial negative reviews, but happy to say that any blanket negative reviews are just plain wrong. Oh, the show as revealed on the cast recording isn't perfect, don't get me wrong - the intro and the end drag a bit and some of the lyrics are simplistic - fortunately, in this regard, there are ongoing changes to the show and some lyrics as the show is being refined. Now, they probably should have waited on doing the cast recording until the show was completely 'set' but I like the recording enough to have listened to it multiple times, actually enjoying it more each time. That says a lot! The songs stay in your mind, and I do not understand some reviewers who say they aren't memorable. Not every song is equally great, of course: some are wonderful, others are just fine. Although I don't care for the Coney Island music  (other than the beautiful Coney Island Waltz), that happens to fit with the operatic tradition of giving ordinary music to ordinary characters, saving the great, inspiring music for the major characters. My personal favorites are \\"Beneath a Moonless Sky\\" and \\"The Beauty Underneath,\\" but I also have a guilty pleasure listening to \\"Devil Take the Hindmost\\" and of course everyone loves \\"'Till I Hear You Sing.\\" I do not understand some people's objections to multiple use of specific musical themes - I happen to love that and find it unifies the entire show. The new show as revealed on the cast album has a different feel from the original Phantom show - much calmer, more mature, quite sad in places as people regret their earlier actions. If you want to see the original Phantom show, you can still see that - the new show has moved on as we all do over time. OK, so why buy the deluxe album? The DVD you get in the deluxe set is OK, not great, doesn't give away any secrets, but the deluxe set also has the libretto - I couldn't imagine listening to the CDs without the libretto which contains the stage directions as well as the words (most helpful when multiple people sing at the same time) so the listener has some idea of what's actually happening on stage. Some people have objected that the story is preposterous - well, as another reviewer suggested, isn't the original story preposterous too, if you really think about it? Some object to the idea that Christine went back to the Phantom after the events of the original show - this storyline doesn't bother me, because even in the Leroux novel she does return to him (OK, in the original book he's dead and she returns his ring and buries him, so it's not exactly on point), but in the Susan Kay \\"Phantom\\" novel, events in the original story unfold not unlike what this new story reveals (including the creation of a certain child). Bottom line: I'm putting my money where my mouth is, by planning a family vacation to London this summer, where we will see \\"Love Never Dies\\" at least twice - all that based on this cast recording. Pretty good recommendation - so why not give it a chance and see if you like it too? Just be sure to buy the deluxe set - and enjoy!
B00000G3AZ|4.0|This is a beautifully filmed version of the Austen classic \\"Emma\\".  I particularly liked the emphasis on the humor of character interactions throughout the story, often in ways that could not be easily conveyed in a book. All of the actors are excellent, particularly Sophie Thompson as Miss Bates, and Alan Cummings as Mr. Elton.     My only quibble is really that Jeremy Northam and Gwyneth  Paltrow were both *too* gorgeous and sophisticated-looking: it seemed ridiculous that a man like that would not already have been married, and certainly older members of their circle would have paired these two off long before ! I think they look a little closer in age than in other versions of Emma.    Nevertheless, I still enjoy it every time I see it.
B003HO5ULA|5.0|I love this book.  Very detailed and accessible to all levels of photographers.  His website is also wonderful.    The Kindle version hasn't received any reviews yet, but the book version has an average of 5 stars from 51 reviews as of today.  I wholeheartedly agree.  There are a few problems with the Kindle for PC format and editing, though.  The photos are recognizable, but pixelated.  Also, when describing the photos, they refer to them as 'plate plus number'; for example, 'Plate 14-27'.  Unfortunately, the photos themselves are not labeled, so it is a little confusing when many photos are mentioned.  Still, this is a problem with the conversion to the Kindle for PC format, and not with the book itself.  I unreservedly give the book 5 stars.
B002ZFQD04|5.0|No one else can put on such a colorful, in-your-face spectacle, other than the one and only, Madonna. Her name has become almost synonymous with three-ring circus. This is by far Madonna's most thought-out, meticulous and methodically choreographed concert in years. She sings many new songs from her 2008 album, \\"Hard Candy\\" as well as many of her classics, that made her a household name more than 25 years ago; such as, \\"Borderline,\\" \\"Vogue\\" and \\"Into The Groove.\\" Madonna sounds both fresh and new and just as sexy and inviting as ever. Anyone that holds even a modicum of intrigue into this fascinating artist's stage persona should get this. This is a 2 disc set packaged in digipack. BTW, don't forget that Amazon is giving out 1 free MP3 download for every purchase, between now and May 31.
B000BNX4MC|5.0|Matthew Broderick's stunning portrayal in \\"Ferris Bueller's Day Off\\" brings more than just a smile to your face.  It brings back memories of high school, those daring teenage years and the trials and foibles of youth.  Jeffrey Jones' depiction as the bumbling school principal, was underrated, in my opinion, not that the rest of the cast didn't perform admirably.  A great, lighthearted but revealing story of daring vs. the system.  I loved it!  [[ASIN:B0019GO58W Ferris Bueller's Day Off]]
B002VPE1AW|2.0|After reading several pre-release critical reviews of Avatar I decided to skip the theatre version and borrow the DVD. Now I wish I had watched the 3-D version; that would have added some interest to a movie with a boring storyline.<br /><br />Other reviewers have written eloquently about the predictable plot and other weaknesses of this movie, so I'm just going to mention a few things I found strange:<br /><br />* Humans have mastered space travel, but Jake rolls around in a mechanical wheelchair (while the Marines use hydraulic loaders that are lifted straight out of Aliens) - and after almost six years in cryosleep, shouldn't his muscles be more atrophied?<br /><br />* Cigarettes still exist 150 or so years into the future but there is only one smoker on the base (probably because Ellen Ripley smoked... and Dian Fossey, but most of you are probably too young to remember \\"Gorillas in the Mist\\").<br /><br />* With the exception of a few facial features, a human-alien hybrid looks 100% alien.<br /><br />* Who dived into the tanks to braid the avatars' hair while they grew?<br /><br />* Unlike all other alien females, Grace's avatar needs D-cups (sorry, but Sigourney Weaver doesn't need them either!).<br /><br />Despite the above-mentioned oddities the film provided okay entertainment while I was couch-ridden with a stomach bug. However, I kept wishing that Cameron had used all this CGI power to put Alan Dean Foster's \\"Midworld\\" on the screen instead of this unoriginal, cliche-ridden story.
B000000IUK|4.0|Well, as version, after version of this album come out, which is fine I suppose for the IPOD crowd.  The record company needs to do a 25th anniversary version in SACD.  I've seen the video Classic Albums, and you know they have the master tapes, so lets do it right for once.  No more \\"crappy\\" remastering, it's crap.  SACD or stop re-releasing this album!
B003A9WLCS|3.0|This is the weakest album she has come out with   Its good, but not great, like her previous works.  The songs are so-so.  It had the sound of not too much effort went into this one.
B0006OBPTA|5.0|Thank you so much for a smooth transaction.  The DVD's were in excellent condition.
B0034JKZ3G|5.0|Sweet fun movie for kids. It can have a few scary moments that are a little dark for young kids. it should be pg not g.
B002ZCDR88|5.0|This is what Natalie's career had been leading up to...  BRAVA!  She hinted at this with \\"The House Carpenter's Daughter,\\" but this collection knocked the wind out of me.  Her vocals are perfect - she absolutely soars on some of these tracks.  \\"Leave Your Sleep\\" is Natalie's Grammy Award, she will get one for packaging and one for Folk album...and possibly another one in a surprise category.  Thank you for this masterpiece; thank you for the music!
B002VPE1B6|1.0|The movie itself is fun, an experience and an event that I went to see in the Theater a couple of times. This Two-Disc Blu-Ray/DVD Combo is an absolute disaster and not worth the headaches it causes. First of all the DVD is blurry. I know that DVD is supposed to be less sharp than a Blu-Ray version of the same movie but in this case it seems as if they made a concerted effort to create something extra blurry. I've seen DVD's that are as sharp and clear as their Blu-Ray counterparts so I know it's not a limitation of the material at hand. It seems almost purposeful to me and if it's not on purpose then it's incompetence because either way you have a inferior DVD product.     Now let's talk about the Blu-Ray disk. I have a newer Blu-Ray player and it was unable to play this disk. A Samsung player, I was told by the disk itself that I would need to 'update my firmware' in order to play this disk. How many times have you had to 'update the firmware' on your DVD player? Never right? It just worked. With this technology they wait until there is a must buy DVD and tweak their product, making many Blu-Ray players unable to work and you need to be technologically proficient to do the updating. Computerless people are out of luck I would guess. Well, I am proficient with the computer and found an 'update' for my Blu-Ray player which after a few hours of trying to get the unzipped file on a USB Drive I was able to update the player. Great. I put in the Blu-Ray disk and a third of the way through it I am confronted with a glitch. The scene selection dialog and the graphics for it come up every minute for two hours of the movie. I can press the menu button when it comes up and the menu comes up, the scene select graphics fade, I press the menu button again, it goes away and the scene select graphics pop back up to cover a third of the screen. It does this for the second two thirds of the movie. I find as I google it, sure enough, it's a verified 'glitch' that affects some Blu-Ray players and not others.     You need to return this two disk disaster and get your money back. It's a defective product on both counts, the DVD and the Blu-Ray disk. I don't even know what sort of extra DRM and other 'enhancements' they needed to make to make your Blu-Ray experience more slow and painful but that's what they did. Return this Turkey, complain to the manufacturer of the movie or don't buy it at all. It's really a disaster.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|The evil Earthmen want to take the land away from the noble Blue Men, the inhabitants of a distant planet. Earth is \\"dying\\" (no doubt because it has not hugged enough trees.) The evil humans want to make sure that their Company has a good quarterly statement (I swear to God, it is in the movie). To assure these corporate profits, they must mine the mineral \\"Unobtainium\\" (you cannot make this stuff up; this is also in the film) which is of course right underneath the sacred tree which is where the native inhabitants live. Rather than attempt some form of trade or negotiation, the Earthmen just move in with bulldozers, and the fight is on!  (As the Klingon said: \\"Well frankly, I've never liked Earthers...\\")<br /><br />The hero of this epic, through evil Earth technology, can enter an artificial body that is in the form of one of the natives of this planet--a clone or something. The natives are attractive, blue-skinned, lean-limbed, hard-bodied, well, you get the picture--gorgeous people. The original idea is that our hero is supposed to learn about the natives to figure out how to get them away from the \\"unobtainium\\" and presumably onto the reservation. But our hero, in the best tradition of \\"Dances With Wolves,\\" goes native and fights the Earth People. You can probably guess the rest. I did.<br /><br />The special effects in this flick are quite literally fantastic, and the film definitely gets across the idea that the natives of this planet live in a low-gravity natural paradise that beats the heck out of the Upper East Side of Manhatten or similar parts of New Jersey. Everything looks incredibly real, which helps get the viewer past the never-ending parade of cliche's that characterize this film. If you can suspend your critical senses for the better part of an evening (this is a long, long, film) this one is great fun. Heck, who doesn't like trees? RJB.
B00272NH0Y|5.0|This the Rolling Stones!  Anything from them deserves 4 stars and above.  This album isn't as good as their 70's and 80's, but it's the modern stones.  What did the others expect?  The stones still has a great taste in music, \\"Anybody Seen My Baby\\" was the first song I fell in love with.  The song is very brillant.  Brillance stains this album from beginning to end.  If you disagree, you fell into the hands of currently popular artists.    I would give this album 4.5 out of 5.
1840225564|4.0|I had seen several of her books made into movies but never read her novels (what a travesty!).  Although I loved the movies and BBC mini series, it was just not the same as reading the original works.  I'm loving the books, but do find the bulk a little much sometimes.  Not really something you take to the doctor's office to read while you're waiting (smile). I definitely love it's look and of course the content, but think I'll also order them individually for re-reading.  Great price and wonderful quality.
B00371QQ0M|3.0|Some sets are astonashing. The Emperors palace for one. Cut to sandland and the dreadful matte shots that look  Land of The Lost 70's bad.  You can almost SEE where Lynch ran out of money.
067182449X|5.0|The Diary of Anne Frank is a witty, funny, and sad story that awakens the deepest of emotions and touches the heart; it offers an entirely different perspective of the tragedy that was World War II, from a victim's point of view.  This story is for every age and anyone can read it. The book is the modified diary of Anne Frank, a Jew which went into hiding during World War II to avoid the wrath of the Gestapo. This review is intended for those who are looking for an emotional and funny story that they will remember for a lifetime.<br /><br /> The Diary of Anne Frank is an adapted copy of the diary of a young Jewish girl that was in hiding from 1942 to 1944, Anne Frank was a very smart young girl, and the vocabulary used in this diary reflects Anne's descriptive way of speaking. The first entry in the diary begins with when she mentions that she got the diary from Otto Frank, and then goes on to explain she may not devote so much attention to the diary, but was she wrong! A month or two later she starts talking about the things happening in her life, then up to the point in which they go to hide in the Secret Annex, a secluded area hidden by a book case in the office building of Otto Frank's employees. The book is well organized and descriptive.<br /><br />Anne lived in Germany at the beginning of the book but later she and her family moved to Amsterdam to the Secret Annex, the people mentioned in the book are: Otto Frank (Anne's Father#, Edith Frank #Anne's Mother#, Mr., Mrs., and Peter Van Pels, the family which moved in with the Franks to the Secret Annex, Mr. Kraler, Meip Geise #Otto Frank's Employees), and Mr. Dussel, a Jewish dentist which moved in with the Franks after they went into hiding, he was helped by Mr. Kraler into the Annex. The Diary of Anne Frank is a unique auto-biography type book.<br /><br /> The Diary of Anne Frank is a first-class read for many people of various ages, the keen story and the conflicts between each resident who lived in the Annex will make you hunger for more, definitely worth the $10 at the local book store.will make you hunger for more, definitely worth the $10 at the local book store.
B00127RAJY|5.0|If you follow this 3 or 4X a week followed by 4 or 5 days of 40 min cardio you will see FAST RESULTS. I lost 2 dress sizes in less than a month. Love it!
B0017K8X5Q|2.0|At first I was kind of taken with this little fan. It was very quiet but did move some air. It comes with 14 blades so it kind of figures that it could move air quietly. But then I got some unexpected information. I had the fan tilted on my keyboard, blowing a little my direction when something happened. Maybe I bumped the keyboard but the fan fell a quarter of a inch to the desk top and was no longer running true. A quick exam showed that a blade had broken off. I decided to break the corresponding blade on the opposite side was startled by how easily it came off. There still is a balance problem but I won't putting this fan critical, if I put it anywhere at all. Granted it might have lasted a long time but with amount of air it was moving and the ease the blades break off: buyer beware
0143035711|5.0|I read this book when it first came out in hardback just as I was preparing for my officer branch selections in ROTC.  The first chapter alone is an excellent primer for anyone interested in going to Army flight school and maybe the best preparation for the Army's AFAST test!!  Mason's honest and humble account of his entire warrant officer, flight school and combat experiences in Vietnam are just incredible.  This book is full of humor and a real soldier's story.  After serving ten years on active duty as an officer and Army aviator I came to more fully appreciate Mason's biography and how it prepared me for that career.  Now I bought a copy for my son who is enlisting for the warrant officer aviator program this summer ~ I can't think of a better piece of material to get started with.
B000B8QG4A|5.0|Video came in perfect condition, unopened and in just a  few days, I was told approx. 2-3 weeks!  My Grandaughter loves it!  Thank you.
B0018O4YSQ|2.0|As a sci-fi fan, I've often wondered how good this film was.  I took the notion to purchase the film and it was absolutely not what I expected.  The antagonists in the film were way too weird to even imagine they could be real.  The story has an interesting concept and I believe that it could have been delivered much better than the cheese seen in this movie.  Don't let the well known actors fool you in this one.  They're at their worst delivering some of the most cheesy dialog with superficial expression.  This one is going back to the sale rack.
B002VPE1AW|3.0|First, I'm removing a star for the stripped down first release many people here have been complaining about. This marketing gimmick is deplorable on the part of 20th Century Fox. But, it is Fox; what else would we expect?<br /><br />James Cameron told a predictable story: corporate greed strengthened by militaristic bloodlust threatens a beautiful indigenous people. They have to fight for their survival. One man among the bad guys finds the true spirit, mends his ways, fights for the people, and after a hard battle, they emerge victorious and they all live happily ever after. We saw this with Dances with Wolves, the Last Samurai, and many others. No surprises.<br /><br />The physical appearance of the Na'vi themselves seem somewhat formulaic in a more subtle way. The ears and noses are clearly animalistic and feral to human eyes, but the mouths are very human (except the teeth). Netyri's mouth is very sensuous. The eyes seem to hold both qualities; but lean toward a Disney-esque appeal to the \\"aww, isn't that cute\\" reflex our culture has been programmed with.<br /><br />The extended battle scene is just that; an extended battle scene. In most movies with these, my mind blanks out and I wait for something interesting to happen. But Cameron and crew did a very effective job of it<br /><br />One other complaint to Mr. Cameron: the music was dull, unimaginative, and formulaic. With that, they played it too safe. I didn't like it one bit.<br /><br />These complaints merit the removal of another star.<br /><br />Having said that, it is still quite a good movie. The acting is good (barring some half-witted dialogue here and there; mostly from the jarhead in charge of security), the visuals and production as a whole are breathtaking, and the plot moves quite briskly. I was particularly impressed with the details of the Na'vi, their culture, and their world. A great deal of thought went into this, and holds the lion's share of the movie's artistic merit.<br /><br />There is also the subtext of the warning about corporations using military force to increase their profits and power. The invasion of Chile during the Nixon administration having set a terrible precedent the world suffers from.<br /><br />One of the most interesting aspects of the movie was that it turns the whole sci-fi horror formula backwards. This time, human beings are the evil and destructive invaders from outer space! This alone was a brilliant and daring move on Cameron's part; for which he should be congratulated.<br /><br />There is another idea that pops into one's mind. Many ancient myths describe malevolent beings that committed atrocities against humanity. I wonder if those mythological creatures were extraterrestrials that our ancestors had bad experiences with (not an original idea, I know). I also wonder if the day comes when we can travel to other stars and if we encounter primitive cultures, if we end up being portrayed in their histories as mythological creatures? Just a thought.<br /><br />Avatar is worth seeing.ng military force to increase their profits and power. The invasion of Chile during the Nixon administration having set a terrible precedent the world suffers from.     One of the most interesting aspects of the movie was that it turns the whole sci-fi horror formula backwards. This time, human beings are the evil and destructive invaders from outer space! This alone was a brilliant and daring move on Cameron's part; for which he should be congratulated.    There is another idea that pops into one's mind. Many ancient myths describe malevolent beings that committed atrocities against humanity. I wonder if those mythological creatures were extraterrestrials that our ancestors had bad experiences with (not an original idea, I know). I also wonder if the day comes when we can travel to other stars and if we encounter primitive cultures, if we end up being portrayed in their histories as mythological creatures? Just a thought.     Avatar is worth seeing.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|Although there is much about this film that has been hung on a framework of past films, such as \\"Dancing with Wolves\\", and ideas, and is not particularly original, I found a number of things about this film to be very appealing, making it of some merit in adding to one's library. The love story is, of course, splendid, even if there have always been such tales of recognizing the worth of an individual, despite his or her discouraging position in life (i.e. the Cinderella story). As an aesthetic experience, the paradisiacal planet (with its strange name, Pandora) was often presented beautifully. In addition, one has the perennial question caught in the depths (admittedly not emphasized) of the film of what precisely constitutes the \\"good life\\". For the paraplegic soldier, isn't it better to create for him a \\"cyberworld\\" in exchange for his life of enforced inaction? One sees a kinship here to the movie \\"Matrix\\", and it brings one's imagination to bear a bit to go beyond the superficiality of much of the action that dominates the film.<br />As a final comment, I believe that the \\"reviews\\" for films tend to fall into two distinct categories, one of which one does not generally see for books. In addition to the intellectual content of the film, a great deal of importance is attached to technical aspects. I find that a great many of the people who write film reviews seem to be focusing on technology. Certainly, the technology associated with this film is very impressive. This was how, in my eyes, the movie earned its \\"fifth\\" star. In a way, it is gratifying to see that there are those who so appreciate modern technology: It is indeed extraordinarily impressive and is mostly too taken for granted. Of course, there is the obvious environmental message in the film, and as technology is being used (not just in the film) everywhere, in the service of humanity for both constructive and destructive purposes, it is important to pause and think about this. I'm not sure that there are any satisfying \\"answers\\" to the issue of the abuse of people and the environment in using technology.<br />In fact, the planet itself seems to have an intelligence, somewhat like our vast communication networks on Earth intimate. One is faced with the unity of life, as the cyborg world of Earth, represented by the \\"company\\", meets the \\"carbon-based\\" technology of this planet, represented especially by the \\"Indians\\" or indigenous peoples of the planet. When one thinks of these two comparable \\"intelligences\\", a result of \\"convergent evolution\\", the image of \\"tooth and claw\\" on the scale of planet vs. planet comes to mind. In this sense, the word \\"Pandora\\" takes on a special meaning as, following the interface of the planetary intelligence with the paraplegic soldier from the company, a \\"consciousness\\" awakens on the planet. It is just a small leap of imagination to see the setting of \\"Avatar\\" as the first part of a trilogy, which evolves to the \\"Alien\\" series and then, as the struggle continues, to the level of the autonomous robots of \\"Terminator\\". After one sees this side to the movie, one also thinks about Stephen Hawking's recent remarks about our efforts to contact alien intelligence. From this perspective, humanity and its technology is seen as very much a part of nature.e any satisfying \\"answers\\" to the issue of the abuse of people and the environment in using technology.   In fact, the planet itself seems to have an intelligence, somewhat like our vast communication networks on Earth intimate. One is faced with the unity of life, as the cyborg world of Earth, represented by the \\"company\\", meets the \\"carbon-based\\" technology of this planet, represented especially by the \\"Indians\\" or indigenous peoples of the planet. When one thinks of these two comparable \\"intelligences\\", a result of \\"convergent evolution\\", the image of \\"tooth and claw\\" on the scale of planet vs. planet comes to mind. In this sense, the word \\"Pandora\\" takes on a special meaning as, following the interface of the planetary intelligence with the paraplegic soldier from the company, a \\"consciousness\\" awakens on the planet. It is just a small leap of imagination to see the setting of \\"Avatar\\" as the first part of a trilogy, which evolves to the \\"Alien\\" series and then, as the struggle continues, to the level of the autonomous robots of \\"Terminator\\". After one sees this side to the movie, one also thinks about Stephen Hawking's recent remarks about our efforts to contact alien intelligence. From this perspective, humanity and its technology is seen as very much a part of nature.
030745455X|4.0|The second volume of Stieg Larsson's Millennium trilogy picks up the story of Lisbeth Salander again two years after the events of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo. Mikael Blomkvist and his crew at Millennium Magazine are investigating the murder of two of their colleagues and Salander is the primary suspect. Blomkvist's investigation takes him on a journey through the dark Baltic sex trade mafia and leads to a relic of a spy from the Cold War named Alexander Zalechenko and his sidekick Ronald Neiderman. Along the way we learn the history of Lisbeth Salander as her story crashes headlong into her dark past.<br />Strong characters add to a fast paced story with lots of twists. The addition of new, dark characters, especially Neiderman gives the narrative a great edge. The plot is unpredictable and ends leaving the reader wanting the story to go on. A fantastic sequel to Larsson's first novel.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|I'm addicted to this CD.  It inspired me to purchase the entire collection of this incredible artist's poetic, soulful and enrapturing music.  George was (is) unlike any Beatle or any other musician.  He poured his spirit and love of his Sweet Lord in all he did. Incomparable and irreplaceable George.  Thank you for leaving us with hope to cope with this heavy load...
1857989384|4.0|While this book is based on a science fiction background, with Charlie going from being mentally retarded to a super genius after an experimental new surgical procedure, the story can also be appreciated by non-SF lovers.  It's a heart-wrenching story most of the time and even amusing at times.  And makes you realize that intellect does not define you are as a human being.  This is only the second \\"SF Masterworks\\" book I've read, and I must say, I am hooked!
B000EPR7NE|5.0|I bought my 'The Da Vinci Code' CD from  \\"Alan K. Friedman Store Front\\" here on Amazon. He has great prices, I paid $6.99 (brand new) + $2.98 shipping for this CD, he adds a personal note to the email notice and super fast shipping. I would highly recommend this seller. He has 100% five star rating and I will add another five stars. Thanks Alan. I would have left this review for Mr. Friedman on his page via my 'Order' but for some reason the Amazon system said \\"This item not eligible for review\\", so here it is!  Oh, and the Da Vinci Code soundtrack is awesome. Mark W.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|Okay, the movie was a visual stunner.  Story was so so and not much in terms of originality.  None the less, the popcorn movie with a good message you would expect from a James Cameron film.    I will give this 3 stars for what I feel about the movie itself, but no more than that as a reflection of the bare-bones release.  It's a statement about the fact that they are deceiving consumers by releasing this at a separate time as the not well known future slated deluxe version of the film.    The \\"green\\" message of this movie was pretty clear.  Don't exploit your environment.  By quietly releasing this movie in two different versions at two completely different times the studio is doing just the opposite.  People in the \\"know\\" are holding off unless they don't care to own the future release.  Others, well, they will be upset, baffled and most likely convinced they need to own the deluxe version as well.    I think the studio got the wrong \\"green\\" message.  The only green they saw with this sub par early release was money.  Now, many people will double dip.  Using more resources and waste than if they had just released the two versions at the same time.  Giving the consumer the un-deceptive choice up front on which version they wanted.  Thus printing fewer copies of each version creating a balanced use of material, plus using less gas and energy in the method used to purchase each version.    I am not the greenest person in the world.  I'm trying though.  But all I can say about this is, shame on Fox and James Cameron for being that very villain portrayed in the film.
B0025KVLTC|4.0|The Beatles' Revolver is very good, nobody questions that. What people who like going against popular thought(like me) would say is that since it came roughly in the middle of the Beatles'success, it's weaker because it's neither as straight-forward and catchy  as their early albums, nor as classic or epic overall as their later masterworks Sgt. Pepper, Abbey Road, and dare I say Let It Be(going double-album with the White Album left too many weak tracks, IMO).    Don't get me wrong, it's still a very good album of classic pop-rock, otherwise, I wouldn't be giving it a four-star rating(mean to do 3.5, but I'm unclear how to do that) But certain of the experimental tracks such as \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" \\"Love You To\\"(sitar playing a generic rhythym) and \\"Tommorrow Never Knows\\" don't really sound impressive when compared to what many artists have accomplished since then.     Still, many songs are carried by their catchiness as much as anything such as \\"I'm Only Sleeping\\"(nice, bouncy bass) \\"Here, There, and Everywhere.\\"(a typical uplifting Paul melody which is done in a very slow, un-rock manner,) and \\"For No One\\"(really sad and depressing lyrics, along with a small horn section.    But the highlight of this album is easily \\"Got to Get You Into My Life\\" The horns precede further usage in Sgt. Pepper. The up-and-down rhythm and Paul's excitable vocals in the chorus makes this track stand out the strongest in my mind. While there's technically not a weak track on here, \\"Doctor Robert\\" is certainly a throwaway when compared to most of the compositions McCartney and Lennon concocted.    So is it worth an investment? If you like the Beatles and like 60s pop(as they called it) then sure. Others should hold off and consider whether '67 has more quality records(like those of the Doors and Jimi Hendrix Experience) that are worth buying and just get their favorites from iTunes instead(like \\"Paperback Writer\\", not on this album, but worth your time, for sure)
0307455874|5.0|For those who admire Obama, you're going to admire him more & more. For those who think he's nothing but a spiritual rhetoric, for those who think he doesn't have what it takes to run the country, I hope this book will help you come to open your eyes as it opened mine. In this book Obama talks about his ambitions and future plans if elected as president. He discusses about human rights, family values, national security, war, immigration, and religion in depth. He analyzes every moral, social, economical and political stigma and gives a sensible solution on how to tackle those issues. I'm amazed at the audacity of some people who'd say that Obama is all about hope w/o understanding the true meaning of it. Hope will bring peace! Hope will make the world a better place! Hope will harmonize the world! Hope will motivate individuals to change the way they live and act! Hope will help us to amend our past mistakes/failures! Hope will create new jobs. Holding onto hope is very important bc it is the reason we go to bed tonight thinking to wake up tomorrow!
B000053ZRR|5.0|What better way to keep the sound of The Circle concert in mind than viewing Bon Jovi's Crush Tour.  After going to The Circle concert, I knew I had to hear and see more of the band.  This DVD brought the sound back to life.
3438052229|5.0|I love my new Hebrew Bible! Although it is paper back, it is totally worth the price that I paid.
B002VPE1AW|5.0|this was a great movie i played a couple times , i also saw the movie in theater, with the 3d glasses i have say my husband and myself enjoyed that experience a lot. was have been a 3d for years, was cool. worth the price. if you  missed the movie in the theaters at least buy the movie and watch it on TV. the story is also good.
B00338T5R0|5.0|Love the different vocalists on this album.  Fergie's cut really rocks!  Anyone who rates this as a 1 star...not sure what you're listening to!!
B002VECM6S|5.0|such an inspiring, uplifting movie, and to think that it was based from a true story makes it more heart warming.
B002VPE1B6|2.0|Seriously... I think it's bull that they do this.<br /><br />Release the movie and then re-release it to get people to buy it a second time.<br /><br />Just wait for the special features DVD pack when it comes out in less than a year.<br /><br />Unless you're a complete movie freak like me... wait and buy it later.<br /><br />I just hope they don't release 16 different versions of it on DVD like they did with Star Wars.  I have like 6 trilogies already!  What a rip off!
0385504225|3.0|I have not read any other of Dan Brown's writings, and after reading \\"The Lost Symbol\\" I probably will not.  It is not a page turner, as a matter of fact if you turned every other page and only read one side of each page I think you would get as much out of the book as possible.  I found reading it so tiring I would only read five chapters an evening...and struggle to get through them.    Brown tried real hard to present a masterpiece but got himself so involved in unessential drivel he lost the whole tone of the writing.  There was too much time explaining rather trivial matters, customs, taboos, etc., etc., and essentially the writing became so detailed on non-essentials that it became boring.  And I still can't understand why Langdon had to be hooded on his ride to the Washington Monument...what real purpose did that charade accomplish??  Sorry, Dan, it just didn't impress me.    E.J.Walden, author of \\"Operation Snow Owl\\"
0061914177|5.0|A timely, insightful look at today's social media landscape, Gary's personal anecdotes make for a truly inspirational read.  Combine that with the straight-forward \\"road map\\" he provides to the road to social media success and you truly have a must-read book at hand.  If you have the passion, if you have the product (whether physical or virtual), do yourself a favor and pick up a copy of this quick read.  It might just be the kick in the pants you need to get off your butt and create some magic!
B00328G4V6|4.0|Another good Hendrix album, the only unusual part is that it is so long since we lost him.
0316044695|5.0|This book should be required reading for every high school student!!!  HOOYAH!    I have tremendous respect for our military and for these brave men.  This story made my heart race and brought me to tears.  These men are true heroes.    I can't begin to imagine myself, ignoring mortal wounds and continuing the fight to protect my buddies, or willingly going out into the middle of a warzone like a sitting duck to use a cell phone (out into an open area, the only way to call for help).  This is what heroes and SEALS are made of.    God Bless these guys!!!
0330308300|5.0|i love this book it was very good. As I read this book, I felt like i was there with anne frank. All that she lived through makes me greatful that I didnt live in the World War 2 times. Read the book!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B002ZFQD04|5.0|Went to the show in Detroit and could not wait to order the DVD; the concert was spectacular and I never thought Madonna could top \\"Confessions\\", but she did---- how she can perform like she does night after night is unbelievable.  I have been a huge fan for decades now and I am constantly amazed at how she re-invents herself and keeps her millions of fans entertained year after year.  Truly, she is the Queen of Pop.
0375842209|5.0|The Book Thief is a grown-up, young adult fiction that explores a human misery such as the Holocaust. The book is set during World War II in Germany. The Book Thief perfectly displays the struggles that were faced each day by the people who lived in Germany. The tone of this novel can be described as solemn and stern. The narrator is Death who shares a depressing point of view, but the story revolves around a nine year old girl by the name of Liesel Meminger. Liesel is a foster child that lives outside of Munich. Her brother dies while they were being delivered to their new family, and after that her mother disappeared. At her brother's funeral she steals her first book. Throughout The Book Thief, Liesel finds herself stealing more books; she can't resist. These stolen books bring her and her foster father, Hans Hubermann, together because eventually he teaches her to read the books that she's stolen. Throughout The Book Thief, Death still collects lives, but still keeps an eye on Liesel and her family. Even though Death collects souls throughout the story, he is very remorseful for what he has to do, \\"\\"Even death has a heart.\\" Most of the story is very figurative, and not as bloody as most Holocaust novels. The dominoes on the cover of the book represent the fallen Jews of the Holocaust. This novel while looming with gloom was filled with lots of imagery that was simple to understand. It is most definitely intended for the young-adult audience because the perspective was coming from a child's point of view. The Cleveland Plain Dealer said, \\"In the end, Zusak's story is about words, the power we give them and the magic they carry in their own right.\\" I agree that we have total control of what we make of words that appear in different situations and depictions. Personally, I did not like Death as the narrator. The books excessive commentary makes it hard to focus on the plots at hand. It is well-written and can stand alone without the constant epilogues found throughout the book. I would say eliminating Death as a narrator from the book in its entirety would be an improvement. Markus Zusak did a magnificent job showing the point of view from a child as well as Death. The Book Thief is both touching and gripping and will keep you on the edge of your seat until the final page.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I'm not ridiculously overweight but could probably stand to lose about 20 pounds, and besides gentle walks with my dogs every day, I had no exercise plan. I heard good things about the Shred and ordered it from Amazon. It has done wonders. I've been doing it off and on for a month now, and recently started doing it every day. All you need is 30 minutes, some hand weights, and a floor mat if you're working out on a hard surface. The level 1 workout is perfect for beginners. I've already lost 5 pounds! :)
B001TH8UUA|4.0|I have not tried any more expensive HDMI cables to compare, but this works great as a link from XBOX 360 to plasma TV.
B00000G3PA|3.0|Armageddon and Deep Impact were released back in 1998, and ever since they were seen in theaters, these two films have been compared by both critics and audiences. It's because both deal with meteors, space travel, and the possibility of human extinction. Critics seem to favor Deep Impact more, while audiences appear to prefer Armageddon. I don't think that these two films can be compared, because both of these films are drastically different from each other. Deep Impact is more of a human drama, while Armageddon is more of a Hollywood-style action film. But in the end, both films aren't very great; they're more average than they seem. They have their flaws, but they also have some very good material in either the plot or the action. Let's first take a look at Armageddon.<br /><br />Michael Bay is notoriously known for creating mindless action films such as Bad Boys II and the live-action Transformers films. I do like The Rock (one of my favorite action films), but the rest of his films aren't much to me. I think Armageddon is better than Transformers, but it's certainly not as great as The Rock. The special effects do look great, particularly the NY meteor shower and the asteroid rockstorm. Most of the action scenes, however, feel like filler. For example, the scene in which the Russian space station is about to explode could have easily been taken out of the movie as it kind of detracts from the story. The dialogue in this movie is pretty silly. Lines such as \\"I've been drilling holes in the Earth for thirty years, and I have never missed a depth that I aimed for,\\" can unintentionally raise a few eyebrows. And also, did we really need that Affleck/Tyler romance subplot? It's not necessarily corny, but it is unbelievably boring.<br /><br />I guess you can say that Armageddon isn't really a bad film. It has some spectacular moments of action and suspense, most of the characters (especially Buscemi's) are likable, the special effects look amazing, and the music is really nice to listen to. But of course, the silly dialogue, the unimpressive romance, and much of the filler scenes keep this one from being a great film. In the end, this film is adequate at best. It has its flaws, but it's still watchable.<br /><br />Grade: C<br /><br />Part 2 of this review can be found here: [[ASIN:B0002V7OI8 Deep Impact (Special Collector's Edition)]]ten to. But of course, the silly dialogue, the unimpressive romance, and much of the filler scenes keep this one from being a great film. In the end, this film is adequate at best. It has its flaws, but it's still watchable.    Grade: C    Part 2 of this review can be found here: [[ASIN:B0002V7OI8 Deep Impact (Special Collector's Edition)]]
B002VECMAO|4.0|This movie was brilliantly acted to a so-so script. The premise of the movie was hilarious, but the actual movie is not as funny as one would hope. Not a bad movie. Just not as funny as one would hope. Maybe rent it if you are curious.
B0034JKZ86|5.0|Another magical tale from Disney the Princess and the frog with a slight change to the story of characters and setting in the south of America. Lots of catchy tunes bright colours and one that would be played over and over by children alike.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Having seen Avatar in theaters in 3D, by comparison the Blu-Ray was just as enjoyable. The picture quality of the Blu-Ray is superb, as is the sound. This is a great film for any film collection. I remain confused as to how this movie did not win Best Picture at the Oscars!
0545123267|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book and I blew past the pages in 2 sittings.  It's been a while since I've really enjoyed a book like that but the story was great.  I admit it, I even cried a bit reading it.<br /><br />I've read alot of paranormal romance / urban fantasy books and so it's always fun to read the various takes on werewolves, vampires etc.  I have to admit, this book was definately unique in it's approach to the werewolf story and I loved every page of it.<br /><br />I sometimes get annoyed by stories written entirely too simply and basic, even for their intended audience of young adults, this one I felt like was just a good book regardless of how it is labeled by genre.  I'm looking forward to the sequel!
0061730327|5.0|The Boy Who Harnessed The Wind by William Kamkwamba and Bryan Mealer is a true story about a boy who built a windmill in Malawi.  William's dream was to provide electricity to his family's home and also to pump water to irrigate the farm.  Irrigating the farm would mean his family would be able to plant the farms twice, bring in two harvests, and never go hungry again.<br /><br />Malawi is a very poor country that had just gone through a famine when William began to build his windmill from pieces of scrap and junk he found in a local junkyard.  He was inspired by books he read from a little library in the village that had been supplied with cast-off books from the UK and the United States.<br /><br />William details his life from early childhood through his late teens.  He talks about his deeply rooted belief in witchcraft, his discovery of science, and gift for repairing and inventing things. He talks about watching his cousin squander a profitable business after inheriting it from his uncle, his struggles to gain admission to a good secondary school, living through the famine, and his enthusiasm in learning about electricity and building his windmill.<br /><br />William's book is an extremely interesting account of life in Malawi and a fast reader.  I enjoyed the parts about his belief in witchcraft and how that affected his life.  I began to understand how deeply rooted these beliefs really area. William goes into detail of how he put together various pieces of his windmill and at points these descriptions did drag a bit - probably due to my lack of interest in building electrical gadgets.  Overall, this is an exceptional account of an exceptional young man who was determined to create \\"electric wind\\" for his family and bring them out of poverty, educate his sisters, and never go hungry again.<br /><br />This book is a \\"must read\\" for anyone interested in Malawi, Africa, or inventions.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|Not sure why there is so much consternation over \\"bonus material\\".  For $20 you get the entire movie in Blu-ray as well as a standard DVD.  No tax and shipping was free.  BestBuy had the displays out for $22.99 and you paid tax.<br /><br />I never much cared for the extras they jam onto discs.  Lots of marketing for other things you \\"need\\" to buy.  If you have to have the extras wait for them.  If you happen to have a TV that supports 3D, wait for that version.  For the other 99.99% of the population this is a great deal.  Even if you have not plunked down for a Blu-Ray player you can watch this on your standard DVD Player and have the HD copy waiting for you when you do break down and get one.
B000C65Z1G|4.0|The Constant Gardener is based on the book by John Le Carr&eacute; of the same title. Set mainly in Kenya, it's a murder mystery about a woman who wrote a scathing report about a drug company that is using poor Africans as test guinea pigs.  After writing this report she is murdered while on a trip to the Turkana region of Kenya.<br /><br />Like the book, the movie opens up with the the murder of Tessa Quayle and her doctor friend, Arnold Bluhm. They are found in the Turkana Lake region of Kenya.  Her husband, Justin Quayle, a British diplomat, is left to piece together Tessa's secret project.<br /><br />We go through flashbacks of Tessa and Justin when they first met, a diplomatic party where Tessa is high ranking diplomatics about the pharmaceutical industry in Africa, Tessa researching the rigged trials and testing of a new tuberculosis drug, her life with Justin, etc. along with watching Justin deal with his wife's death end piecing together what she was doing and why she was murdered.<br /><br />This movie is well filmed in my opinion.  Filmed on location both Kenya and Sudan, all the scenes in Kenya and Sudan were authentic. The Kibera slums in Nairobi look like the slums - trash, filth, and everything. Some of the music in the background was by Ayub Ogada from Kenya. You easily make out the words of \\"Kothbiro\\" a couple different times throughout the movie. I highly recommend Ayub Ogada's music, by the way.<br /><br />I did find the movie a bit hard to follow and the device going from flashback to present over and over lent to my difficulty in pulling together the bits and pieces of the mystery as they ever so slowly unfolded. In the final 30 minutes of the movie, the story finally pulls together and we understand why Tessa was murdered.  The book is written in much the same manner - so the movie kept true to the book in this respect.<br /><br />Although the story line is a bit hard to follow I am recommending this movie as the movie is simply very authentic. If you are interested in what things look like in Kenya and how life is lived this is an excellent movie to watch.e in Kenya and how life is lived this is an excellent movie to watch.
0439023491|5.0|Very well written.  Fabulous story.  A good read for young teens.  Please start with Hunger Games and read in order.  I love that this series takes place partly in the Appalachain Mountain region, and that the heroine is a strong, capable young girl.  I also like that the story does not involve drugs, sex, or alcohol.  A great story does not have to contain these elements.  I highly recommend this series.
B002JCSWV6|4.0|Invictus is a movie set in South Africa just after Nelson Mandala is elected president. Faced with the potential of a civil war, Mandela is looking for ways to unite a South Africa torn apart by apartheid.  Mandela zeroes in on the nation's rugby team - the springboks. The springboks are a team that every black in South Africa, including Mandela himself, would root against hoping the other team, no matter who they were, would win. Now the new president gets behind the team hoping the team can win the rugby world cup and help to unite the country with a common cause.<br /><br />Invictus is well cast and well acted, although you can hear Morgan Freeman's accent slip every now and then. Matt Damon's accent is impeccable. The tension between the blacks and white was, at times, so thick you could cut it with a knife. The white people are expecting to lose everything when the new regime takes over the country. Time and time again, Mandela shows both sides what true forgiveness is.<br /><br />One of my few criticisms of Invictus is the slums.  The movie does get the appropriate reaction from the audience when they show the slums, the shanty-type buildings built from bits and pieces of scrap metal and wood.  However, the slums were too clean.  Normally, you'll see used tires on the roofs holding them down against the wind and garbage all over the place.  The slums in Invictus were simply too clean to be real slums.<br /><br />My other problem is with a scene in which a jetliner buzzes the stadium where the rugby world cup is being held.  The build-up to this scene is as if something ominous is going to happen. A jetliner really did buzz the stadium just before the 1995 rugby world cup. At that time, pre-9/11, this would have been seen as a harmless, even patriotic, stunt.  Post 9/11, this is viewed as a potential terror attack.  The movie plays this up as an impending threat, which did add to the tension of the movie, but it should have been played up as a harmless stunt.<br /><br />Overall, this is an excellent movie showing the genius of Nelson Mandela's forgiveness of people and his ability to unite a country.cellent movie showing the genius of Nelson Mandela's forgiveness of people and his ability to unite a country.
0810994739|4.0|Greg Heffly is getting tired of his brother Rodrick nagging on him all of the time. So,he tries to make rodrick stop.Well telling on him wont help because Rodrick has an extremely embarrassing secret about Greg that he will spread around the whole school. Read this great book to find out what happens. I reccomend this book to everyone who has a sense of humor.
B00006ZXSK|5.0|In ordering this dvd, I did not know about how the already viewed disks would be like.  I was surprised when I received \\"Ever After\\", it was in better shape that I thought it would be.  I was surprised at the promptness I received the dvd.  It was a delightful experience all around.  Things just couldn't be handled any better.     You know when you purchase something from Amazon.com it's going to be a really good deal.  I recommend buying from Amazon.com dealers.
B0030IIZ56|5.0|Funny and excellent continuation to another classic movie.  Both movies are a must see.  The picture quality on Blu-Ray is awesome. You never get bored to see it over and over again.
B00006L9ZT|5.0|As an opera fan and an audio fan I was very excited to see the audio options on this set of recordings; especially the DTS 5.1 option. Having a home theater designed primarily for music I am always appreciative when a recording provides some really good audio options; this one most assuredly does!<br /><br />I have been a fan of Wagnerian opera since I was a teen-ager, and that was many years ago. My first record collection included excerpts from Siegfried on a set of 78 RPM records that felt as heavy as lead. I simply loved Siegfried's singing of the forging of Notung in \\"Notung! Notung! Neidliches Schwert;\\" this was one of those melodies that never left my head even though I had not heard it again for many decades.  When I got this set the first thing I did was find this scene in Siegfried and play it. It was food for my soul to finally hear the music again in glorious surround sound and actually get to watch the forging of the sword as staged by the Met.<br /><br />One of the things I had not previously had available was a complete libretto to the opera; as some of the other reviewers have pointed out; it's all about the music. This DVD set offers English translations of the libretto; I have from time to time played the music with the English translation added. I must confess that sometimes the words are so trite and innocuous that I decided to forget the translation and just go with the music; I think I have come out the winner with that arrangement.<br /><br />The first opera \\"Das Rheingold\\" is on one DVD. The album includes two booklets, one on the entire series of four operas and one on just the opera. The second, \\"Die Walkure\\" includes two DVDs and a booklet on the opera; as do the third, \\"Siegfried\\" and the fourth \\"Gotterdammerung\\"<br /><br />Wagner is not for everyone, but for those who appreciate his beautiful and inspiring music this set is very gratifying. I'm pleased to have it in my collection and can recommend it for any serious fan of grand opera. The icing on the cake is the fabulous audio options provided!<br /><br />As an aside for lovers of Wagner's music I will mention a CD of excerpts from Gotterdammerung and Siegfried recorded by Arturo Toscanini with Lauritz Melchior and Helen Traubel as \\"Volume 53\\" of the Arturo Toscanini Collection. Brunnhilde's Immolation, bands 8-12 of this recording features Helen Traubel in the role of Brunnhilde. Although it is a mono recording from February of 1941, the beauty and elegance of her performance is timeless and this particular recording was digitally remastered and presents the vocal qualities of Ms. Traubel in a convincing manner.<br /><br />This recording is available from Amazon.ulous audio options provided!    As an aside for lovers of Wagner's music I will mention a CD of excerpts from Gotterdammerung and Siegfried recorded by Arturo Toscanini with Lauritz Melchior and Helen Traubel as \\"Volume 53\\" of the Arturo Toscanini Collection. Brunnhilde's Immolation, bands 8-12 of this recording features Helen Traubel in the role of Brunnhilde. Although it is a mono recording from February of 1941, the beauty and elegance of her performance is timeless and this particular recording was digitally remastered and presents the vocal qualities of Ms. Traubel in a convincing manner.    This recording is available from Amazon.
B001IU8RWY|1.0|Paying extra for a limited edition is cool but no when the only difference is the damn logo is yellow instead of blue or red.....lame album and total waste of coin.
0312588887|4.0|Bradford's \\"Woman of Substance\\" is in it's 33rd printing, and if that doesn't implore you to pickup the book, then the first page will undoubtedly. The novel is a classic rags to riches tale that follows a young Yorkshire girl through the 20th century as she builds a great business empire. Bradford's vocabulary is detailed and expressive, and this sweeping saga will draw you in quickly. History, romance, intrigue, family double-dealing... it's got it all. This is the first book in a very popular series.
B002WCLG48|5.0|This DVD give a singular lesson for all those in Microsoft, FOX or Paramount Studios... you CAN take the Halo universe further without spending multiple millions of dollars for a live action movie or series based on the almost never ending HALO universe. Interesting graphics and though I'm not a huge fan of Anime style, it was nice to the Spartans back in action. I say, more, more!! Start a series similar to what Fox has done with Family Guy or American Dad - a weekly dose of Halo, Master Chief and all the back stories (or from the MC's recent internment forward) and give those who enjoy the military sci-fi of that world something weekly to look forward to.
0060853972|5.0|How anyone could not love this book is truly beyond my comprehension.  I love Good Omens.  Terry Pratchett's subtle and constant wit interwoven with Neil Gaiman's ability to compellingly describe the grim/gross/morbid/terrifying/apocalyptic makes for a truly fantastic book.  I hope the Apocalypse really is this hilarious.    I don't even know what else to say.  I'm not that great at the review thing.  I just LOVE this book.  I have bought many, many copies and given them to friends, my love for this book is so deep that I feel I must share it with the people I care about.  Or anyone, really.  Just read it.
031606792X|5.0|Stephanie Meyer once again 'dazzled' millions of readers with her 4th, and last installment of the Twlilight Saga, Breaking Dawn. The fictional novel picks up where Eclipse let off, Bella pregnant and just married to her soulmate, Edward Cullen, two situations which lead to an interesting storyline whether theres vampires and werewolves included or not. One thing Meyer added to the story this time that I thought was interesting was that she changes the narrative from the main character, Bella, to her werewolf friend, Jacob for a little while. I liked this because the time at which she did it was perfect-right when Bella's dramatic, indecisive narrative was getting annoying, so getting into Jacobs mind for a few chapters not only answered some questions and gave us his point of view on things but it was also a nice breath of fresh air and comic relief from Bella's sarcastic but lovable best friend.<br /><br />  The pregnancy was the first event #in breaking dawn# that brought Meyers unexpected twists: the baby inside Bella was half vampire and was killing her from the inside. During birth however, Edward was able to save his beloved wife by letting his venom sink into Bella's bloodstream, consequently morphing her into a vampire. There had been a lot of forshadowing and discussion for this event, so it was nice to see it finally happen. Another nice twist Meyer then threw in was that Bella had an amazing gift for self-control, and therefore was not forced to live far from humans and be a bloodthirsty vampire for a whole book, but instead could get on with her life right away.<br /><br />  Later though, the Voluturi, the vampire clan that enforced vampire rules found out about this baby and thought that the Cullens were making babies into vampires, instead of giving birth to a half human, half vampire baby so they then set out to wipe the Cullens out of existence. The Cullens knew this though, and rallied up as many friends as possible to stand with them so they couldmaybe have a chance at explaining the truth to the all too-powerful Volturi clan. After much help, they were able to bring together a few dozen friends and the werewolves to stand with them as the Volturi approached them to kill them all, who after trying to attack and rendering it useless because of Bella's shield around all of them, heard them out. In the end, Bella got everything she wanted; her family, freedom, and best friend. A nice happy ending to one of the most popular saga's of this decade.
0783229526|5.0|Has anyone else been fooled and bought the DVD instead of the book instead?  So lame.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This review is NOT about the film. Having read through the majority of all the listed reviews, I am surprised that nobody has commented on the fact that this bluray has been released with 1:78-1 aspect ratio! When I saw Avatar in my cinema, it was projected in 2:35-1 format!   Having just invested in a 2:35-1 cinemascope screen, I was eagerly awaiting the bluray release of Avatar, assuming that it would be in the full width cinema aspect ratio (as most other 2:35/2:40-1 films are). Imagine my horror to discover that we have been deprived of the full presentation! I thought the whole idea of bluray was to give us the ultimate experience?   I can suffer the omission of extras etc, (although we shouldn't have to), but I do feel that we should have the film presented in the correct format.  Ok, so a lot of people will be happy that the available picture is going to fill the whole of their tv screen, but instead of giving us a standard def dvd with our bluray that we will never ever use, why not have the 1st disc (bluray) in the 1:78-1 ratio to keep all those people happy who want to fill their tv screen with no black bars, and the 2nd disc (bluray) in the 2:35/2:40-1 aspect for those of us who want to see ALL the film?
0307454541|5.0|What a great read...can't wait to start on Girl who Played with Fire. After a somewhat slow scene-setting start, I couldn't put it down. Romance, intrigue, suspense and a peek into the world of computer espionage and finance. Whew.
1878424505|4.0|I'm learning a couple new lessons with this book, lessons I never thought of till now.......  I'm keping this book as a 'manuel' to check back into!
B002VPE1AW|3.0|We purchased this movie and watched it as a family....loved the movie but was totally disappointed with the language used in this film.      Come on....can't a movie be made without all the trashy words used in this film.  What a wonderful movie it could have been...I am not a square, but I value morals for our children on all age levels, and I know others do too.
B000REQT86|5.0|Though this was originally supposed to be a scary movie, it's quite funny today. Definitely a classic vampire film.
B00328R21C|5.0|According to my 6 year old, this \\"pack\\" is second to none - and I agree! The cost-to-figure ratio in this set makes it a really good value. In fact, my 2 year old son loves it just as much as his older brother. Both boys love the sand-trooper and \\"old\\" obi-wan.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|i've seen all of michael moore's films but i didn't really like his stuff until \\"sicko\\" came out.  and, now having seen this one it seems he has matured as a film maker and a person.  this film is more sensitive, thoughtful, and thorough than his others (with the exception of \\"sicko\\").  he still has his wise ass, comedic moments but it doesn't detract from the message as it did in \\"farenheit 9/11\\" and \\"bowling for columbine\\".  this is a good film.  it's tame enough to watch with your kids and you'll learn something, even if you don't agree with everything.
B003JAD3BQ|5.0|This is the greatest episode in the history of the show. And, seeing as how this is the greatest show in the history of television--so far as *I* know, at least--well, it's the most emotionally provocative 48 minutes that any form of cinematic arts have provided mine humble eyes. Save Requiem for a Dream, perhaps, but that took two hours to wrench apart all those parts of us that we cannot control...this took less than one.  Buy, buy, buy, buy, buy this episode. Even if you saw it on TV, you'll want to see it again.
B002T9H2L0|5.0|but INGLORIOUS BASTERDS should have been deluged with golden statues.  Quentin Tarantino is one of these filmmakers who brings fresh air into Hollywood, and IB is a film that I love not so much for its subject as for its originality on so many levels.  Here is a filmmaker with a personal, extraordinary view on filmmaking, a man who uses the cinematic tools of storytelling to brew a daring cocktail that both entertains and leaves us thinking.  IB is visually great, wonderfully directed, provocative, strongly symbolic, deliciously naughty.  I like it because of its unique approach and high cinematic value.  And I don't understand why Hollywood didn't glorify its enfant terrible, which would have given proof of a permanent vitality.  Awards this film should definitely have won:  Best Original Screenplay, Best Picture, Best Directing, Best Cinematography (the final theater sequence is simply outstanding!).  Glorious and not to be missed, and image and sound on this BLU RAY are stunning!
0375413405|3.0|The product took a month to arrive!  That is way too long.  When it arrived it was not clean.  It had black goop on the rim of the pages.  Will not buy again from this seller.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|Reveals shocking information concerning how food in America is produced.  Has changed the way we buy meat and produce and how we eat out.
B001GCUO1Q|2.0|**1/2<br /><br />\\" X-Men Origins: Wolverine\\" provides fans with a back story showing how Logan (aka Wolverine) got his retractable adamantian claws.  This prequel to the Marvel Comics` \\"X-Men\\" franchise is otherwise a pretty tepid affair, lacking the sharp sociopolitical underpinnings that so distinguished the first installment in the series (the franchise has been in steady decline since that stunning opening salvo).<br /><br />It's true that Logan is a bit of a tortured soul in this film - he just wants to be left alone to live his life as a lumberjack with his beautiful girlfriend by his side, but no one will let him - but it's an inner conflict without much emotional resonance or dramatic impact.  The reluctant mutant is up against not only his own brother, Victor, but Stryker, the de facto mad scientist who's kidnapping all the other mutants so he can perform diabolical experiments on them.<br /><br />Hugh Jackman returns as Wolverine, while the roles of Victor and Stryker have been taken over by Liev Schreiber and Danny Houston, respectively.  The movie also features Ryan Reynolds, Taylor Kitsch (from \\"Friday Night Lights\\"), Dominic Monaghan (from \\"Lost\\") and Will.i.am in relatively minor roles.<br /><br />The action sequences are well-done from a technical standpoint, but they would be a great deal more compelling if we understood just how vulnerable or invulnerable each character was at any given moment in the drama (their status seems to swing wildly back and forth depending on the individual scene and circumstance).
B003405MF6|3.0|One disc would have held his experimental music and the other the mislaid variations on 'Hammerhead.'  Jeff wonders why he lags Clapton and the blues mafia in sales -- sheesh!    I have the utmost respect for Jeff; in fact after the April, 2009 show at the so-called 'Fillmore East,' in NYC that I endured two and one half hours of general admission hell to watch from the third row -- standing  -- and which I therefore almost bailed on, I might as well  have seen a burning bush knocking on the stage door, saying 'Jeff, I need the guitar back.'  After all the misery of GA, with what might be called an'older' and almost completely male crowd in desperate need of Rogaine, Beck came out and played like god.  Period. The grooves were the eatage of fogetfullness.  It was one of those shows that re-equips the footware with anti-grav boosters.  Way better than the Beck/Clapton outing of Feb. 2010.    Beware 'Elegy for Dunkirk.'  The grief could ruin your day.  Look out for 'Atonement.'  It's so slow they might as well show it in reverse.  The soggiest bit of drawing room pablum since 'The Duchess,' which also starred Ms. Knightley.  So I skipped to the end where an actress playing the age-advanced central character gives a concluding epilogue that rivals Michael Caine's landmark speech at the end of the original 'Alfie.'    If you go the store and get the record, your bonus is a video DVD with about seven tracks from 2007 Crossroads festival.  This time the camera dotes more on Wilkenfeld, and even less on Colaiuta.  These are alternate takes.  They don't include 'Cause We've Ended as Lovers' and they're not as well mixed as the 'Live at Ronnie Scott' Tracks.  They come with no additional material explaining how they got on the record except a copyright notice at the end that reads 'Crossroads Productions.'  Moreover, they're not entire and whole. I think they're composites spliced together.  So I think the Beck tracks on 'Crossroads' weren't actually played that way.  They just spliced up the best bits of each performance to create a 'master' best-bits version of each song.  Disgusting, if you ask me.  If you can't play your own music from front to back, I'll stick to You Tube.     PS, have you seen the way the backup singers change clothes in the middle of 'BreakThrough' on David Gilmour's 'Live at the Royal Festival Hall' DVD?  I think they also actually change the lineup in the middle of the song.  This is just dishonest.  People go out and play every night and then they disrespect the performance by having some film editor rearrange it. Do the artists know this is going on?    If you've seen the Stones 'Four Flicks' look out for the huge problem in 'Can't You Hear Me Knocking' when Keith and Woodie are yukking it up while the guitar parts keep playing -- either the film editor screwed up or the Stones are lip-synching.
B00005Q66Y|5.0|Wand's recording with the Berlin Philharmonic of Bruckner's 8th Symphony, in my opinion one of the best symphonies ever written, is nothing short of superb. Like all of the recordings Wand made in Berlin, the symphony is presented with excellent, warm and detailed sound, although with microphones very close, which may not be to everyone's liking if you prefer a little more distance. Still, the performance itself is a marvel, full of earth-shattering climaxes and tremendous humanity. The climax of the first movement is the most powerful I have ever heard on disc, while the final moments of the Adagio are wonderfully poignant as well, with the horns coming through beautifully. Even the scherzo has tremendous urgency, yet with more character than any other recording I've heard, and the finale is held together expertly, again with the utmost extremes of dynamics.<br /><br />While many justifiably praise the Karajan recordings (especially the VPO account from the 80's, although his account with the BPO from the 70's is also excellent), I think Wand surpasses the Karajan recordings. I always thought the famous VPO/Karajan recording was a bit too expansive, especially the Scherzo. The later VPO/Karajan account is a fine one and has much to offer, and I enjoy it nearly as much, however this performance is one I can really just get lost in without ever getting distracted by the conductor's choices and at times being totally blown away by the sheer mastery of the playing. I also find I notice the score's details more in this recording than in any other and enjoy the close-miked effect, which works especially well in the Philharmonie. The impact and weight of the performance is simply overwhelming and gives the performance a real larger-than-life feeling. Highly recommended.
B001E75QGG|4.0|It's difficult for one to be as good as the original but this is still an entertaining movie with a good variety of action, thrills and excitement.
B000006MV8|5.0|What an album!  Especially Pete Ham's songs - this guy was an incredible songwriter!  I'd always heard the Beatles comparisons but always thought - C'mon! No way!  I mean I knew Badfinger was a good band but I had really only known the big hits - \\"Day After Day\\" from this album and \\"No Matter What\\" from NO DICE.  I always thought they were great songs but never looked any further.<br /><br />Then I remember hearing \\"Baby Blue\\" about 3 years ago (in the movie The Departed I believe) - I'm in my mid-thirties and don't know how this GEM of a song slipped by me.  After that I decided to look into the band,  so I bought STRAIGHT UP.  There isn't a bad song on this album - \\"Take It All\\", \\"Name of the Game\\", \\"Baby Blue\\" and \\"Day After Day\\" are all written by Pete Ham,  and they really stand out as brillant songs!  Joey Molland (\\"Suitcase\\") and Tom Evans (\\"It's Over\\") also have some really good songs on here.<br /><br />I realize now that Pete Ham was a musical/ pop/ rock genius!  I mean he really was - listen to all the songs he wrote for Badfinger - through all of the albums - and you'll most likely agree.  And he could play guitar man!  Watch any live version of \\"Suitcase\\" on YouTube to find out.<br /><br />It really saddens me to think that the band really got screwed... royally screwed!!  Bad management buried these guys!!  A real tragedy!  Pete really should have stuck around - there was so much more he could have done.<br /><br />Give Badfinger a few listens and you'll be hooked - I highly recommend STRAIGHT UP and WISH YOU WERE HERE to start with - 2 awesome albums!<br /><br />((( I heard on a thread that new Badfinger remasters with original liner notes are due out October 2010 - everything up to the WB releases - same people behind the Beatles remasters - Joey Molland mentioned it in an interview recently))  Might want to hold out until then!?!
030745455X|5.0|Could not put down this book!!  Loved it as a stand alone mystery but it is even better after having read book one of the trilogy.  I was rooting for Lizbeth Salander the entire time and good thing I was.
B002VPE1B6|3.0|I will start with the good.  Picture quality is great on Blu-ray...    The bad.  Box states DTS-HD but when I play it it plays in old DTS sounds good but not great like many other films on Blu-ray  -NO SPECIAL FEATURES AT ALL, nothing, ZIP, NADA.  -Great filming good story but totaly slanted for liberal anti military/corporate message.  -Be real here, who knows people in the military that act like these guys?  That is why I gave it a low rating.  It is amazing to watch and I have never seen CGI that looks so real but I feel like I am in some anti American political rally.  I say watch it, but dont take it so serious, and you losers that want to go to Pandora someone should sell you one way tickets their!
B00007K02F|4.0|Let's face it, Jane Eyre has been done and done and redone.  Some offerings are good, some not so good, and I think this one lands in the middle of that somewhere.  I loved the actress that played Jane...but did not like the actor chosen for Rochester.  I didn't think he was gruff enough.  Ciaran Hinds is by far my favorite Rochester.  But, as a lover of Jane Eyre, I can't say I truly dislike any visual adaptation of the book...I just love the story too much.  Each offering has it's positive and negative.  This one has wonderful directing, lighting, filming, editing, but again, my negative was the poorly chosen Rochester.  (At the time this particular version came out, my dream Rochester was Anthony Hopkins) I try to remember that there is good and bad in everything, and one strike does not a bad movie make.
1594488843|4.0|Daniel Pink's A Whole New Mind is a tough act to follow. DRIVE is a superb second act - you won't want to overlook this book.<br /><br />There is a plethora of new science that Pink shares in his typically talented way that is easily digestible by the lay-person and professional alike. This volume is filled with myth busting, mind rearranging stories - backed by solid research. Consider the following:<br /><br />  \\"Rewards can deliver a short-term boost-just as a jolt of caffeine can keep you cranking for a few more hours. But the effect wears off-and, worse, can reduce a person's longer-term motivation to continue the project.\\" P. 8. Emphasis is mine.<br /><br />  \\"Too many organizations - not just companies, but governments and non-profits as well - still operate from assumptions about human potential and individual performance that are outdated, unexamined, and rooted more in folklore than in science. They continue to pursue practices such as short-term incentive plans and pay-for-performance schemes in the face of mounting evidence that such measures usually don't work and often do harm. Worse, these practices have infiltrated our schools, where we ply our future workforce with iPods, cash, and pizza coupons to\\" incentivize\\" them to learn. Something has gone wrong.\\" P.9 - Emphasis is mine.<br /><br />There are simply dozens and dozens of myth-busting gems in this book. Business persons, policy wonks and educators would be wise to read this volume carefully. Listen to Pink:<br /><br />\\"For artists, scientists, inventors, schoolchildren, and the rest of us, intrinsic motivation - the drive do something because it is interesting, challenging, and absorbing - s essential for high levels of creativity. But the \\"if-then\\" motivators that are the staple of most businesses often stifle, rather than stir, creative thinking. As the economy moves toward more right-brain, conceptual work - this might be the most alarming gap between what science knows and what business does.\\" P.46<br /><br />This book is a set of blueprints and a toolbox for becoming all that one might become.<br /><br />I highly recommend it.prints and a toolbox for becoming all that one might become.    I highly recommend it.
0891419063|5.0|..through the true human being. It is terribly shocking and thoughtful book that will testify forever about nonsense of war.<br />Unforgettable and classic already. And it will remain classic forever, like \\"All Quiet on the Western Front\\" - reads similar. Thank you Mr. Sledge (RIP) for creating such valuable memoir (and thanks to his wife for the fact that book got published).
B000R7GKQE|5.0|We now have seasons 1-4.  It is a great show.  We can't wait until season 5 hits the shelves!
0345404475|5.0|Awesome book, on both a basic and philosophical scale. Thought-provoking. He flipped between first and third person point of view a lot, most of it undifferentiated, but it flowed perfectly and didn't feel weird at all. The major characters were well done and kept the reader guessing. Liked it, loved it (this coming from someone who didn't care for Blade Runner, the movie).
0802798225|5.0|Simone Elkeles has taken an old formula and made it her own. The story of bad boy/ gang member Alex and pretty cheerleader Brittany could have been another formulaic teen YA novel, but this story doesn't contain any of the clich&eacute;s or cheesiness of some of the other books from this genre.<br />These are characters that you can relate to and care about. I loved this book right from the start! Told through the alternating pov's of Brittany and Alex, you get to see who these two people really are - not the façade they use in front of others. Sometimes I'm irritated by alternating pov's, but not here, they flowed beautifully only adding to the story.<br />Elkeles has pitch perfect pacing and character development, right down to the names she chose for the MC's. Perfect! And the sexual tension is off the charts without being frustrating for the reader. The side characters were well written and only added to the story.<br />The best compliment that I can give this book is that I was reading it faster and faster to find out what happened ......then saw I was over halfway done and slowed down to make it last longer.<br />Loved: The thing I loved most is that Brittany & Alex weren't perfect but they learned from their mistakes!!<br />Nitpick: I could have easily read more! I want to know everything about these two!<br /><br />Rating: 4 out of 4! Now this is how teen romance should be written!  And I'm searching now to find everything else Simone Elkeles has ever written!
0739368044|5.0|I love this book.  Plus on Amazon, it was a better value than I could find anywhere else.  Plus, you can't beat the super saver shipping.  I've saved so much money this way!!  Thanks Amazon!
B00005ASOI|5.0|Suspiria is one of the best movies out there. It's great from the start and doesn't let up even near the end. It has a very hardcore death scene and i like the story line and acting, which was done well by all of them. I love the colors in the film, due to anamorphic lenses and some other techy stuff i don't understand. The music and nightmarish settings and the use of the green,red,and blue colors made the film look real beautiful and wicked. A must have for any movie lover.<br /><br />i'm a dario argento fan. I have all his films, from Bird with the crystal plumage to Tenebre to Opera to Deep Red to Four Flies on Grey Velvet. They are all good films with great automatic unexpected dubbing.
0545128285|1.0|Thought I would love these stories because I loved Harry Potter, but I just thought it was really weird.  Wouldn't order it again.
B000EOTAM6|3.0|I never saw the anime yet. It was fun to watch and had good action scenes. Charlize did a good job as Aeon.
0321344758|4.0|I bought this book to help me with a project at work. I'm not an IT person but have somehow managed to get involved in an IT development project that requires me to focus on the user experience for a new system we're developing. We all know - on some level - what annoys us when we're searching the internet, but we don't always know why it's annoying. Or we don't always recognise why some sites are almost a pleasure to browse. This book has helped me understand some of the fundamental, common sense practices that make the difference between a good browsing experience and an annoying (or downright bad) one. It's an easy read that uses practical screen samples to demonstrate what it's saying. I've found it very useful and it has definitely made me look at my project in a different way.
B000KRNG5E|4.0|Not as fun as \\"Suspiria\\" but better than \\"Mother of Tears\\". It had the same color effects which was cool. I liked it and could easily watch it again. I liked the main song in the film.
0439023491|5.0|I loved the first book, Hunger Games. It took me a couple of chapters to get \\"hooked\\" into the story line because it is different; then I couldn't put it down!  Catching Fire was even more intriguing and left you hanging at the end.  So anxious for the 3rd book to come out.  I compare this series to the \\"Twilight\\" series and I can definately see these books make into blockbuster movies also.  This is a teen level read like the Twilight series, but this grandma really enjoyed the read.
B0017ANAZO|4.0|The first half of this movie was very good and fun but it slowed down afterwards. I think some people give this movie harsh reviews. It's not that bad. There are very good people in this film and they all do a good job. There are lots of funny lines and the plot is good. Not a single guy in the film makes it cool too. It's different from the orginal yes, but it's still fun. I seen it 5 times already and it doesn't let up.
0143039881|5.0|I am a bit surprised that this book was so controversial when it was first published. Most of her observations--unique in 1963--are common knowledge today. Arendt analyzes and discusses Eichmann from her perch in the audience during his Israeli trial which occurred after the Mossad's glorious black ops abduction. Eichmann proved to be much more a mailman personality wise than Fuehrer. As a mind he was a disappointment to those who believed that a malevolent virtuoso lurked behind his acts. While he was a true believer, he was not able to justify his crimes to even himself on the stand. My favorite quote from the text is \\"Despite all the efforts of the prosecution everybody could see that this man was not a `monster,' but it was difficult indeed not to suspect that he was a clown.\\" As a native German speaker Arendt's perspective was invaluable as she recorded his daily wrestling with language which was both pitiable and humorous. Eichmann would have been a nothing had it not been for Nazism and he ended his life with the ignominy he deserved.
B002VPE1B6|4.0|I'm not interested in extra scenes and or extra features that come with these \\"special edition\\" discs. I don't have much time to view special features and I end up not watching them (special features) on the dvds I bought in the past.   Theatrical release was good enough for me. for under 20 bucks, this was a great entertainment for my family to watch on 1080p LED.   we all enjoyed it. although it's not 3d, it still looked great and had a lot of fun watching it.   I was pleased both visually and for the plot as well. If you don't care about the extra 20 minutes and other special features, this is a must buy film.
B0036XN2L2|5.0|After a few listens, I really like this CD.  It has alot of great hard rock songs and some ballads.  I would recommend it to anyone.
B0018O4YSQ|5.0|I've always loved this movie, and when I saw that it was available in Blu-Ray I jumped at it.  I was interested that it contains both the director's cut and the original theatrical version, and have watched, and enjoyed, both.  But, contrary to my pre-conceptions, I prefer the theatrical version.  This is often the case; the compromises directors are \\"forced\\" to make sometimes make for a better move in the end:  Last of the Mohicans and Blade Runner come to mind as other examples.  Yet I cannot figure out why this should be so.    Anyway, a great movie, wonderfully rendered in Blu-Ray, and at a great price.
B001OQCV2E|1.0|\\"2012\\" is a preposterous, dreadfully long disaster film that mostly exists for action director Roland Emmerich to obliterate the planet Earth again. If that's the *point* well, make a new *point* already.     Replacing aliens and ice hurricanes as the agent of destruction are shifting tectonic plates that trigger massive earthquakes, volcanic explosions and tsunamis. I'm not sure how a 28,000-foot wave could conceivably occur without the Earth splitting in two, but some scientist surely hypothesized it might, and so it goes in \\"2012.\\" A dad takes his kids from Los Angeles to Yellowstone in a limo, too. That's a 17-hour drive and, oh, $400 in gas, both ways, considering the mountain ranges. On a limo driver's salary. They could visit Yosemite, but, hey, the Yellowstone Supervolcano has to worm its way into the film somehow.     Typical of a Emmerich film, \\"2012\\" is divided into three parts: the build-up, the blow-up and the tear-up. Scientists foretell worldwide destruction based on the sun's violent activity. For once the world's governments listen, convene in secret and raise money to build giant arks by charging millions for a survival ticket.     Limo driver Jackson Curtis doesn't have millions. But since he's played by John Cusack, you can bet two rib dinners that, after nearly three hours of carnage, he'll be within shouting distance of one of those arks, and in the final stages of patching together a broken marriage to Kate (Amanda Peet) for the sake of two moppets they've spawned. After all, Jackson and Kate have survived the destruction of LA, Yellowstone, Las Vegas already, plus a crash landing on a sheet of ice while driving a Merecedes-Benz out the back of the plane. What's a slimy bureaucrat (Oliver Platt) bent on keeping the arks full of the \\"best and richest\\" against those kinds of survival instincts?     Since the well-timed enviro-themed \\"The Day After Tomorrow\\" in 2004, Emmerich appears to be stumbling around in a CGI desert, just throwing any damn thing on the screen. There are name actors in \\"2012\\" - Cusack, Peet, Platt, Danny Glover, Thandie Newton, Chiwetel Ejiofor - and they say some stuff, but it's the same recycled, human spirit nonsense you've always heard. You aren't watching \\"2012\\" for the insight, but the rubble. The destruction is complete - and occasionally clever - but simply too beyond the pale of reasonable belief; prop planes can't fly through three farts in the wind, much less the collapse of every major building in Los Angeles. The Yellowstone volcano, when it ever does erupt, isn't going to be something you can drive away from in an RV. And while Woody Harrelson plays a pretty good apocalyptic kook, you can't expect him to channel the spirit of Dennis Hopper while Hopper still draws breaths mixed with shots of Johnnie Walker.     And this matters because, in the head-numbing final act of \\"2012,\\" viewers are subjected to a distress so minor, so arbitrary, so overused, so \\"real\\" but so ordinary that you feel your nerves getting pulled so Emmerich can be ironic - in times of such destruction, it's still the smallest things! - and squeeze the last cent out of that massive $200 million budget. The new thrills, mixed with the old ones! No. There's a difference between suspense and the irritation that kicks in at the two-hour, 15-minute mark when Cusack's gasping for breath and you're thinking, invariably, about the 73 times you've already seen this scene, your finger poised on the fast forward button.
B002ZCDR88|1.0|I loved, loved Natalie's \\"Ophelia\\" and \\"Tigerlily\\".  Even \\"Motherland\\" had a few okay songs, but lately her albums lean more toward the folk/bluegrass genre. This album seems like it would almost fit in at an Octoberfest party or something. LOL  I just don't find it listenable.  This is yet another album I will be skipping on.
B001JRB16U|5.0|[[ASIN:B001JRB16U Mary Poppins (45th Anniversary Special Edition)]]    It was a joy to have my six year old grandson put down his Guns, Light Sabers, and Star Wars Battle gear for a while to actually sit down and watch Mary Poppins with his little sister and I. He laughed and sang right along with us. I also noticed how calm and happy he was afterward.
B001OQCV6A|5.0|I found this movie to be very suspenseful. Lots of twists in the plot and the acting was again some of the best around. Entertaining for any age. I loved it.
B0019X3ZZY|5.0|Pasolini's film is a masterpiece of audacity, political-social commentray and highbrow camp. Those who cannot tolerate the film are fools. Those who simply cannot stomach it are understood and granted a pardon. This is not a picture for the easily disgusted, nor is it a film for those who are quick to write-off amazingly daring filmmaking because of its controversial content; for example, if you hated Ken Russell's \\"The Devils\\" (1971), Lars von Trier's \\"Antichrist\\" (2009) or anything else of the like, I recommend skipping this one altogether so we don't have to read your ridiculous, badly-written (most likely) review here. Quite frankly, no one cares about your gripes - no one of intellectual worth, that is.
B002RSDW80|5.0|I found Julie & Julia a very entertaining and funny movie. The acting was excellent and Meryl Streep got Julia Childs down to the tee. I would recommend this movie to everyone. The younger generation may not remember Julia Childs so for them watching this movie will be different then those of us who grew up with Julia Childs. Everyone should see this movie
0061703257|4.0|Little slow in the start.  Where I expected the plot to take me was so wrong, wrong, wrong.  Much better plot than I would have written.  I want to reread to pick up some of the clues that I missed.  There must have been clues.  I was dumbstruck by the ending. Good read and not gruesome.
B000BW7QWW|2.0|These are not the characters from Firefly, especially Doctor Simon Tam. On top of that there are other inconsistencies between the show and the movie. The movie is a solid 3/5 stars for people who have never seen the TV show, but a 2/5 stars for people who like the the show.
B0033B5XCS|5.0|Hurry up and make them for blu-Ray I'm sure I'm not the only person waiting.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Fantastic movie.Never a dull or boring moment.Heart warming.  Amazon service has always been great too.  Thanks for all your help.
B002VECM72|5.0|This is a great film in which Sandra Bullock does a superlative job of playing the leading role.
B002VECM6S|5.0|Sent this movie to my grandchildren. They enjoyed it very much. Would recommend to families with children.
B002VPE1B6|5.0|When my son brought this movie to my attention, let me see the trailer on a web site, it was the greatest sensation to see this movie that very day, as soon as possible (it had just come out). I have never felt this way about a movie in all my life! SENSATIONAL! I watched it over and over, as often as I got the chance, never got tired of it and am excited to have it on blue ray! I don't mind the wait for the extra scenes or even the 3-D version though I would love to see the left out scenes. What makes it so enchanting is the ability to see what a different planet might look like, to see a person disabled become new and appreciate being able to run! I LOVE to run and was crushed by a semi truck that ran a stop sign. I can't run anymore, it made the movie even more appreciated to dream of being able to jump, run, even fly on one of the animals there. So much insight went into the making of this movie to bring a realistic possibility into creation. Absolutely mind boggling to dream this is a possible reality. I would want to stay myself if this were possible and such a place. I love the wonders of the forest and trees, the simple life without machinery and greed. Beautiful trees, plants that glow in the dark, flowers with colors that enhance the mind with appreciation for the work that went into this work of art. I don't know if I will ever get enough of watching this movie. As far as I am concerned it is the best movie that has ever been made. Those who don't appreciate it are not truly looking at all the thought, insight, study, creativity that these people put into action on film. I actually want to be there! Watch it and observe little details you didn't see the time before when you watched it. After the 50th time, I am still catching little details I didn't the previous times I watched it! I can't believe some people are critical of it, they don't appreciate the true wonders of life and creation is all I can say.
B00383ZTXO|5.0|The Iggy mix is good, but not the same as what screamed out of our stereos in the early seventies. At the time, I thought the Bowie mix was unnerving and haphazard, but it lent to its underground vibe. Now it seems perfectly suited to it's unique place in rock music history. In an interview given to the online music magazine PSF, original Stooge, the late Ron Asheton (when asked about the two mixes) said the following:      ...[Producer] Don Fleming said to me \\"When you hear that remix that they did, you're gonna say that you love that original David Bowie mix of Raw Power!\\" When I finally heard it, I call up Don and say \\"I really love that original David Bowie mix of Raw Power!\\" It's the gospel truth. All Iggy did was take the smoothness off James' guitar and made it sound jerky and horrible. He put EVERY F.....G MOAN AND GROAN AND WORD he said back in the tracks and that's his mix. I went \\"HUH? Oh, man...\\" Other people were saying \\"If they could only remix that record.\\" Now, when they all hear it, they say the same thing. \\"I really love that original David Bowie mix of Raw Power!\\" I swear to God it's true...      The best way to think of the two mixes is like seeing George Romero's original Night of the Living Dead in all it's low budget but jarring glory (as the original Bowie mix), and the various remakes of NOTLD - take your pick - (as the Nineties/Iggy mix).  I own every version of this album including: 1)the original vinyl album (which I bought when it came out), 2)the first cd release years ago (Bowie mix), 3)the Iggy Mix from the late nineties, and 4) the current newly remastered original mix. This version is a cleaner sounding version of the original vinyl. Revisionism is funny. People change history to fit there own biases. Those of us who actually owned the album can tell you this is what we heard and loved. The reality of the original mix is that Bowie and Iggy were both in the room (entire mix lasted less than a day), in Iggy's words \\"with four hands\\"on the controls. Search and Destroy is really the only song people scratch their heads over (it's the only song Iggy insisted on his own first mix attempt)- the bass is mixed to almost nothing and the guitar sounds like a chainsaw (probably purposeful). Not so with the rest of the album where the mix is more conventional. As for the live bonus disc, it's a great coda for this particular incarnation of the Stooges, but bootleg quality.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I read this book with some reservations...I can't stand anything that has to do with cruelty to children and/or animals. But this book is without a doubt one of the best books I have read in a long time! It is laugh out loud funny and heartbreaking, without being sappy. Don't know if that makes sense, but if you are a dog lover (and even if you're not), it is so much fun to read. You will never look at your pet without wondering...
0307463745|2.0|Can I have my money back?    I bought Rework for two reasons: (1) I enjoy and respect the writings of Seth Godin, whose \\"IGNORE THIS BOOK AT YOUR OWN PERIL!\\" blurb adorns the cover, and (2) I use and respect the software that the authors created.    _Rework_ is a collection of one- or two-page little statements, along the lines of, \\"stop working at 5pm,\\" or \\"sell your byproducts.\\" The book's premise is that traditional business logic is backwards, and that the authors succeeded by simply doing what they felt was right. And it worked for them!    However, in my opinion, this might have been more sensibly presented as an online article or e-book. It could better serve as a confidence-boosting permission slip to first-time entrepreneurs who might be questioning their decision-making gut. It is certainly not (nor, in all fairness, does it purport to be) a deeply-researched or time-worn tome like \\"Built to Last\\" or \\"Crossing the Chasm.\\"    I lent the book to a co-worker, with the hesitant explanation that it took me an hour to read, and that I found about 10% of the advice surprising or useful, so I wished I had highlighted the key 6 minutes.    I also feel the need to apologize for this negative review. It's valuable when successful businesspeople share their usually confidential keys to the goldmine. It's just that this text is mostly poorly-substantiated fluff.  Maybe I'm just old-fashioned.  My former Chairman wrote a book with no-nonsense advice to the new entrepreneur, [[ASIN:0801488311 Smartups: Lessons from Rob Ryan's Entrepreneur America Boot Camp for Start-Ups]], whose advice I resonate much more with.    g
1400052173|5.0|This books is a remarkable read!  I had seen some interviews on television with the author and that peaked my interest.  The book is one that you can't put down.  Should be on the top of your must read list.
1439175640|4.0|The recipes are very good and easy to prepare.  Author simplifies recipes without lessening quality.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the quality of the book itself - not a glossy presentation - but who cares when the recipes are this good.
0446693804|1.0|I hate these sappy tearjerking stories.  Don't we have enough sadness in this world without adding more misery in the form of a book?  When I read I want to be transported to a world of interesting and compelling situations.  The story, although highly formulaic, was well written, and interesting and compelling, but for heaven's sake, the last thing I want is to be grieving and crying.  YUCK!  Can't stand Nicholas Sparks as an author.  He is forever killing people or dogs that I have grown to love.
B0025X4P24|5.0|One of the Best CD's I purchased in a long time...Vanessa u NEVER dissappoint me... Thank You !!!
0393075966|5.0|Within the framework of seismic shifts in the world order (globalization, leadership) J. Stiglitz analyzes the implosion of the capitalist system provoked by `special interests' with the mighty help of their friends in the economic profession, the rating agencies, the Fed and Congress. He criticizes ruthlessly governmental policies and proposes indispensable measures in order to prevent new catastrophes.    Implosion of the free market system  When in 2008 the US real estate bubble burst, banks worldwide were confronted with volcanoes of bad debt based on inflated US house prices. The trust between the banks evaporated and the core of the capitalist financial system came to a halt. Governments had to step in with phenomenal amounts of money in order to save the system and became the largest or unique shareholders of bank, car and insurance companies (perfect socialism).  The implosion was a clear-cut sign that markets are not efficient (information is imperfect) and not self-regulating. Repeatedly they have to be saved by governmental intervention (the taxpayer).  Economies need a balance between market mechanisms and governmental regulations with important contributions by non-market and non-governmental institutions.    The culprits and the victims  The real culprits are those who created the bubble, who invented new instruments of `risk' management, who had the clout to force through banking deregulation and financial mega-mergers, who would be `too big to fail'. In one word: special interests who control and manipulate the financial markets and the western world economy.  Millions of innocent victims worldwide lost their (full-time) jobs, their houses, their savings, their pensions and sank into poverty.    Governmental interventions (Obama = Oh!-Bank-Ma!)  Those pulling the strings in the Bush and Obama administrations chose to rescue the culprits, the banks, not the victims who lost everything. For J. Stiglitz, this is nothing less than ersatz capitalism: privatizing the gains, socializing the losses with the government as `bearer of risk of last resort'.    Remedies (the people not the special interests)  J. Stiglitz's solutions attack head-on the `free market' problems: in the US, reinstatement of the Glass-Steagall Act, the break-up of the financial conglomerates by spinning off the investment and insurance branches, stricter accounting standards (no `marks-to hope'), independent rating agencies, regulation and transparency of derivatives thereby requiring joint and several liability of all market participants on the exchanges.  The money squandered for the rescue of the villains could have been used for more fundamental issues like full employment, education for all, infrastructure, climate change, a social safety net, workforce mobility, aging population or the trade and budget deficits.  Worldwide, the gap between global demand and supply with the dramatic underutilization of human resources should be filled by effective international policies. Moreover, a new global reserve system is needed and monopolies should be broken.    This book gives an appalling picture of a western world dominated by a tiny oligarchy which has the clout to force its agenda through nationally and internationally against the interests of the many, thereby showing its moral depravity by only being interested in `naked grabs for money'.  This book, written in harsh vocabulary by a superb free mind, is a must read for all those who want to understand the world we live in.  One minor remark: there is no index.
B000G759LW|4.0|You've gotta hand it to the girl. She never half steps when it comes to an image change. She started out as the bubbly blonde teen who proved she wasn't just another weak voiced pop starlet and then shifted gears into the 20 something bad girl who flashed her body to anybody who looked. Where to go from there? Back to the Roaring 20s of course.<br /><br />While also listening to Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston as a little girl, Christina's influences reach even further back in time. She sang along to her grandmother's old records of jazz/blues artists like Billie Holiday, Etta James, and Otis Redding and even performed B.B. King's classic The Thrill Is Gone at a local talent show. She wanted to show her appreciation to those performers by creating Back To Basics. Everything from the packaging to her donning red lipstick and a retro hairstyle makes that clear. Does she deliver? Yes and no.<br /><br />The self absorbed intro is annoying (\\"There will never be another Christina Aguilera\\"), but all is forgiven on the high octane Makes Me Wanna Pray. Backed by a feverish choir, Christina praises the Lord for bringing her hubby into her life and takes \\"gettin' down\\" to a higher level. Marital love gets the spotlight, but it's never overboard. She name checks her influences on Back In The Day and assures her guy that he's the only one she needs on Ain't No Other Man. The doo wop shuffler Understand uses a great sample of an old blues singer, but I can't place the name. The blazing Slow Down Baby finds Christina telling an arrogant guy to back off because she's taken. I'm Ok on the Stripped album confronted the abuse Christina and her mom suffered from her dad, but Oh Mother is a piano driven dedication to her mother's strength and courage. We all know what the F really stands for in FUSS, a short brush off to Chrissy's former collaborator Scott Storch. Immature? Yes, but it sounds excellent! The scratchy On Our Way and sublime Without You offer more hubby love, but Xtina lets everybody know that marriage hasn't put her skankiness to rest on the cleverly arranged Still Dirrty. \\"Still got that freak in me!\\" The storm ridin' Here To Stay is a declaration that Ms. Dirrty is looking to stay in the game for the long haul. The Dedication to the Fans interlude starts out sweet with phone messages thanking Christina for helping them through tough times, but then turns into a \\"you're the best artist ever\\" worship service. Chrissy, no more ego trips!<br /><br />Disc 2 opens with a circus theme and the Broadway-esque Welcome. The 40s swinger Candyman walks a fine line between campy and raunchy (\\"He's a one stop shop that makes the panties drop\\") and the cheeky Nasty Naughty Boy teases men to \\"sip upon my champagne\\" and \\"give you a little taste of the sugar below my waist\\". I Got Trouble authentically replicates 20s blues, sounding like a song Shug Avery from The Color Purple would belt out. Hurt is a BIG ballad lamenting the death of an estranged loved one and Mercy On Me is a merciful plead to be forgiven by God. I definitely agree Christina was channeling Fiona Apple on that one. Christina's powerhouse vocals are brought down to just above a murmur on Save Me From Myself, a song thanking her husband for sticking with her through thick and thin. Less really is more. The Tim Burton sounding The Right Man isn't bad, but I don't care for all the dramatics.<br /><br />Good things first, this album is a winner. The first disc does a great job of mixing vintage soul with a modern twist and the second is more organic with live instrumentation. Now to the not so good things, the double disc should've been cut down to one. The first intro was pointless, but Enter the Circus would've been perfect in it's place. Christina's knack for oversinging pops up on a few songs, but she's come a long way since Stripped. Check it out!know that marriage hasn't put her skankiness to rest on the cleverly arranged Still Dirrty. \\"Still got that freak in me!\\" The storm ridin' Here To Stay is a declaration that Ms. Dirrty is looking to stay in the game for the long haul. The Dedication to the Fans interlude starts out sweet with phone messages thanking Christina for helping them through tough times, but then turns into a \\"you're the best artist ever\\" worship service. Chrissy, no more ego trips!     Disc 2 opens with a circus theme and the Broadway-esque Welcome. The 40s swinger Candyman walks a fine line between campy and raunchy (\\"He's a one stop shop that makes the panties drop\\") and the cheeky Nasty Naughty Boy teases men to \\"sip upon my champagne\\" and \\"give you a little taste of the sugar below my waist\\". I Got Trouble authentically replicates 20s blues, sounding like a song Shug Avery from The Color Purple would belt out. Hurt is a BIG ballad lamenting the death of an estranged loved one and Mercy On Me is a merciful plead to be forgiven by God. I definitely agree Christina was channeling Fiona Apple on that one. Christina's powerhouse vocals are brought down to just above a murmur on Save Me From Myself, a song thanking her husband for sticking with her through thick and thin. Less really is more. The Tim Burton sounding The Right Man isn't bad, but I don't care for all the dramatics.     Good things first, this album is a winner. The first disc does a great job of mixing vintage soul with a modern twist and the second is more organic with live instrumentation. Now to the not so good things, the double disc should've been cut down to one. The first intro was pointless, but Enter the Circus would've been perfect in it's place. Christina's knack for oversinging pops up on a few songs, but she's come a long way since Stripped. Check it out!
B0036S4B6M|4.0|An excellent book and daring look inside one of the most misunderstood institutions in our country...The Women's Prison System.     Anyone at all interested in this topic should read this book and use it as a resource. The system must change, this book just might start the process rolling.
0307463745|3.0|You know the rules:<br /><br /> * KISS -- keep it simple, stupid<br /> * Roughly 80% of your results come from 20% of the input.<br /><br />This (short, easy to read) book repeats the approach in a variety of ways, and is well worth reading, if only for a reminder not to over-complicate things.<br /><br />I'd like to give it more than 3 stars, but it seemed to me that TOO MANY justifications for their philosophy came from their own business experiences, rather than other \\"real world\\" results.<br /><br />  *
B002ZG983M|5.0|The movie lives up to it's name. Kick-Ass is a hilarious tongue-in-cheek parody of super heros and comics. It starts out with the main character (Kick-Ass) narrating. The audience sees a costumed hero leap from a tall building and...splat...lands on a taxi. The kid is a geek whose only super power seems to be that he is virtually invisible to the opposite sex. He gets it in his head that he should try to be a super hero. His disguise? A green wet suit. His first outing is not very successful, having been stabbed and then hit by a car. On the plus side he has metal reinfocements throughout his skeleton and deadened nerve ending. Meanwhile Big Daddy and Hit-Girl are disrupting a drug lord's operations (and humorous Batman jokes are plentiful). When the three meet, Hit-Girl shows that she more than lives up to her name, having been well tarined by her \\"Big Daddy.\\" The movie has a simple, yet effective plot, delivers the action, the gun fights, the topical super hero references, a foul mouthed little girl, a dad who is out for revenge, and a comic nerd who eventually gets the girl of his dreams by the end of the film. It is highly recommended for an afternoon of pure escape and fun. It is a movie you can watch again and again, rooting for the heros, and watching the bad guys get what is coming to them. This is a must see! For fans of Kill Bill, Spider-Man,and Sin City.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|I love Dickens & have read many of his novels. Little Dorrit was not one of them...  until starting last night. The movie motivated me to invest the the time  & effort  into it.  All of the actors were perfect   Never once was I distracted  from the flow of the story. Just a great movie experience!  Long, but didn't notice until  I saw the hour & realized I just could not risk losing any more of  my night's sleep. So had to turn off the TV at one of the excruciating  cliffhangers. Buy this movie & watch it over & over. You'll discover  some nuance each time.
B000I2MRHE|4.0|I bought this hoping it would help the little one enjoy tummy time more.  He hated being on his tummy and face planted whenever we tried.  Because he has a mild case of torticollis, the pediatrician emphasized how important tummy time was so he could strengthen and stretch his neck. This item has made tummy time easier on him and has help strength his neck quite a bit.  It's nice because he is up a little higher and is forced to lift his head.  The only draw back, which is noted in almost every review, is the fact that the mat doesn't stay put.  While on it, he will grab the toys or mat itself which will cause it to scrunch up.  Overall, I think it was a great buy since it's helped so much with his neck.
1439102813|1.0|Had to read it for my book group.  Absolutely boring and felt at times like I was reading a medical journal.  Poorly written - Not everyone can write a novel!  It felt like non-fiction and I was not drawn to any characters in any way.
0553582453|5.0|The adventures of FitzChivalry aka Tom just get better and better.  I have read all six in both series now and the only the second book in the first trilogy was merely great and not outstanding.  Do yourself a favor and get all six.  Then make sure you keep track of who you lend them to!!!
B001ED7C58|5.0|It's all the pop music not the instrumental score by Carter Burwell.    If you watched the movie and you liked the music then you will like this CD.  I bought it because I really like the music they used in the movie.  It's as simple as that.
B000005HFH|5.0|This excellent CD, \\"The Best Of Chet Baker Sings\\" should be called: \\"The Complete Master Takes Of Chet Baker Sings With His Quartet\\".     In his excellent liner notes for \\"The Best Of Chet Baker Sings\\", Will Friedwald explains the circumstances and chronology of the recording sessions of Chet Baker with his quartet, and mentions that the present CD ( The Best of Chet Baker Sings) indead contains all the original master takes of Chet Baker singing with his quartet. There were four vocal performances recorded with strings, which are not included here.    It seems, the original producer for these recordings of Chet and his quartet loved tampering with recordings he produced, and at a later date added other arrangements over these original master takes, like an additional rhythm section, as well as have Joe Pass record rythm guitar over the recordings, but \\"The Best Of Chet Baker Sings\\", contains all the songs as Chet Baker originally recorded them with his quartet, and I love them exactly that way, because Chet's voice is so sparse and haunting, (and as much as I love Joe Pass) I imagine, these songs sound best with minimal accompaniment.
B002VECM4A|4.0|In case you didn't know, this movie is based on the novel Push by Sapphire. Sapphire is an author and she wrote a book called Push. This movie is based on that same novel written by Sapphire.     By this point, you've probably figured out that my review here is nothing more than useless. I give it 4 stars for various reasons already detailed out by others. The only commentary I have is that this Sapphire lady must really think highly of herself. I have to wonder if making sure \\"Based on the novel Push by Sapphire\\" would appear in every possible incarnation of the films' title was the deal breaker on Sapphire giving the story rights. The DVD special features also make sure that you, the viewer, know that Sapphire exists as an author and the she is indeed a real person who wrote the novel Push. Her name is Sapphire.    Not only that, even when people talk about it on TV they mention that it is based on the novel Push by Sapphire. For the life of me I cannot understand what is so \\"precious\\" about the novel Push by Sapphire for I highly doubt everyone keeps mentioning it constantly out of genuine affinity for the novel Push by Sapphire. I have never seen a \\"based on the book\\" line so lauded as this one. This movie is not called \\"Precious.\\" This movie is called \\"Precious based on the novel Push by Sapphire.\\"    Based on the novel Push by Sapphire.
030745455X|3.0|This book started out very slow and went into so much detail about things that mattered not to the story I almost didn't finish it.  Once I got to the half way point it finally got to where it was keeping my interest and things were moving.  The book could have done without about 1/2 of the first 1/2 of the book and it would have been much better.  I certainly would have been nice to have more insight and detail regarding \\"All the Evil\\" that is talked about quite a bit, but leaves you guessing.  The end did not wrap up nicely and leaves you hanging, you will have to read the next book if you want to find out what will happen to Salander.<br /><br />I could have done without all the vulgar language...why do people think that swearing makes things better, it doesn't!<br /><br />Altogether it was an OK book.  I would have given it 4 stars if the langauge was better and much of the beginning had been edited out.
0143036424|5.0|Let me start by saying I've never read mystery. In fact, I had myself convinced I hated mysteries. I happened on this book from a used book store and  thought it looked good and thought a couple of dollars would not be missed. Now normally I read George R.R. Martin, Glen Cook, James Rollins. Those are fast moving Authors. Is the Cold Dish fast moving? No, its not. But, the way it moves is perfect. I loved this book! I am so glad I took a chance with this Author and I have gone back for the rest of his books.
B002QGUFWE|4.0|I bought this album, after listening to bad romance. I loved lady gaga and loved her even more after this release. When I got the fame monster though, I  thought it would be in its unedited glory. But to my dismay, I got an edited cd. I was not very pleased, I found out though that others had bought this album and it was also edited. So at least I know I wasn't the only one. I would think GaGa would release this album unedited. Wouldnt her record label be her creative self? Who knows? You can get the unedited songs on itunes for 1.29 each! No thanks, why would I want to purchase songs I already have? Thats my only jiff on this whole thing.<br /><br />So there are 8 songs on this album, I only care for 6 out of the 8. The songs you shouldnt miss are bad romance, Alenjandro, Monster, Dance In The Dark and Telephone. The songs I have skipped are Speechless and Teeth. I just found them very.. well..not GaGa. Speechless was alright but I tried to give it a chance but just wont sink in. The same goes for Teeth, I just found that whole track just down right annoying. I love this album and recommend listening to the Fame Monster!
078322737X|5.0|Fun music!!!  Fun people!!!  What more can I say?  This movie accurately depicts a night of cruising back in the 60's, at least where I grew up in California. I will still be rocking out to this movie when I'm in the old folks home.
B00000I41J|5.0|---<br />Other reviewers who own this new 1999 RVG remastered album have stated that it is in Mono, although from what I read, Rudy van Gelder supposedly originally recorded the album in Mono as well as Stereo.<br /><br />I ordered the the 1990 remastering (by Ron McMaster) and it is in Stereo.<br /><br />Currently, Amazon does show the search result under the album title for the old remastering, which is OOP, but available cheaply by scores of Marketplace sellers. Up to a few days ago they did not show it in the search results.<br /><br />When I originally searched for \\"Somethin' Else\\", or \\"Cannonball Adderley Somethin Else\\", Amazon only showed search results for the 1999 or later RVG remastered (Mono) versions. After a while, I found out I had to search for \\"Cannonball Adderley\\" only, no album name. When I flipped through the pages of search results under his name, I found, toward the end, the OOP 1990 remastered release, which I bought. I like the sound of the old release, it is (I think real, not manuctured) Stereo.<br /><br />Some Jazz conoisseurs prefer the older, Ron McMaster remasterings of classic Blue Note CDs over the new (especially 1999 - 2003) RVG remasterings, in spite of the fact, that the latter are remastered by Rudy van Gelder, the original recording engineer of those classic Jazz performances.<br /><br />My comment is not supposed to be critical of the RVG remasterings. Reading some of the critical reviews may help you make a decision.  I just want to assist you in finding the 1990 release, in case Amazon chooses again to hide the results. Try to search for \\"Cannonball Adderley\\" only. Don't give up, that album does exist.
B001GBUD4A|5.0|I got this as a way to start my Sonata Arctica collection. I worried that there would two good songs and the rest disappointing, but no. Songs I never hear of are suddenly becoming my favorites. I now know that over half the songs on this album are still played live six albums later. I highly recommend this album to anyone and everyone. Specially for those who like any of the following: dragonforce, epica, edguy, kamlot, nightwish, or other power metal band!
B0029O08WA|2.0|I watched this movie a couple of times, really trying to like it as much as Twilight.  Part of what I didn't like about it was the soundtrack.  The songs are nice, I guess, but none \\"fit\\" the way the Twilight tunes fit the story.  The Twilight songs really convey the mood of different scenes, and listening to the soundtrack evokes strong images from the film.  New Moon is just an OK but unmemorable collection of songs.
B002T9H2LK|5.0|Have probably watched it 25/30 times & it gets better each time I watch it!
B0035F0MTG|5.0|I first heard Yuja Wang on Symphony Cast on Feb. 1st- the host quoted a SF reviewer that said, basically, that to hear Yuja Wang play was to re-evaluate how well the piano could be played-   Yeah right, I  thought- I  have certainly heard that before.  But it was absolutely true! Words are lacking to explain this, but despite all the great pianists I  have heard, this was a special and unique experience. Her playing translates well in this recording; technical brilliance? No doubt. Expressiveness and musical sensitivity beyond her years? Well yes, very much so!  She has a unique ability to make musical sense out of complex pieces that would simply be noise in lesser hands.  A fabulous young artist!
B0035G5IOE|2.0|I guess I' am to old for this movie. The stop motion animation was good, but my son and I thought the movie absolutely SUCKED. Although my 8 year old granddaughter liked it. I'd suggest a rental before buying it.
B000HWZ4A2|3.0|As is common with movies made from books this one does not live up to the name the book gave this story. The movie is great, but not for a real fan of the book.
