B000002KM6|5.0|Playing this record loud, out of a good pair of speakers is like Blitzkrieg bombing your whole neighborhood. &quot;Band of Gypsies&quot; and &quot;Inner Mounting Flame&quot; are the only records that come close, but  they don't have the polished production of &quot;Fair Warning.&quot; By the  way, some people think this is VH's lowest selling record. That's not true.  According to Dave himself (on Howard Stern's show), all of the Hagar VH  albums combined haven't sold as much as any of the ones he did with the  band. The Hagar VH records don't sell much in catalog while the Roth VH  records sell a million a year without any promo, just on reputation alone.  This one is for true rockers and much better than 1984 and Diver Down which  are VH's attempt to get cute and radio friendly.
0783240503|5.0|<BR>This is a show that I was waiting to see for a *long* time, and it has far surpassed my highest expectations. Having seen the production on stage many times, I thought that nothing could come close to the excellence and  professionalism that was epitomized on the stage, but I was wrong. The  chemistry that is so evident on stage is evident here too, and the  performances shine. Donny is at his all-time best as Joseph - the role he  was born to play - and Joan Collins and the rest of the cast are superb in  their respective roles. The only change I would have made was the  Elvis/Pharoah part, but it's not that big a deal. He's not on stage long  enough to bother you, and if you don't like this particular actor, just  keep your eyes on Donny during that scene. :-) <BR><BR> I **highly**  recommend this tape to anyone - child or adult - who likes  &quot;Joseph&quot; or any Andrew Lloyd Webber show in general. You will NOT  be disappointed!
B000023VR6|4.0|When you have a gift use it.  Dre is one the best producers hip-hop ever had, and he's back to his old tricks again.  He strayed from his style for a while but now he's back to the formula.  Bringing in Eminem in this day  and age was nothing but a genuis way to expand his audience and he put  Snoop back in his place...a sidekick.   Way to wake up and smell the  Chronic!  Just remember for all you trendy-hip-hop fans out there.  This is  what west coast rap once was and can be again, 'cause he proved it...again.   Slammin'!
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is a CD for everyone. You like it smooth or hard? It's all here. Do you want to bang your head on the wall, just do it, you get the right music to it here. Do you like to relax? Listen to Scar Tissue or Otherside and  just relax! 15 Titles on the CD, well that's a lot of work isn't it! Well  done, keep it up! So people buy this now!
B0000029GA|5.0|4 &amp; 3/4 stars.  Slammin!  The lyrics are well thought out and written and the beats are true to the streets.  Illmatic is Class-matic, as in a class by itself.  Will go down as one of the best ever, definately for only  the true fans 'cause the rest just wouldn't understand.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|The best CD I've ever bought. Excellent mixing of melodic sounds with dynamic beat. I think I'm becoming a Savage Garden fan. This is music for every age. I'm 35 years old, I like all kind of good music, but I do not  buy everything I like.....This is a must have!  Buy it now!
B00000J7SO|5.0|Can you imagine?  I got turned on to Dylan from listening to THIS album.  This is one of Dylan's experiments, and no it's not a masterpiece.  He took a risk.  It's only partially successful.  But this is DYLAN, people!  His  partially successful experiments beat most people's best albums.
B000002KNU|5.0|&quot;phsyco killer&quot; is the best song ever.  buy this album, and i also recomend 'once in a lifetime'.
0375703764|3.0|Of course, i heard about this book, and of course, i usually fall for the hype rather early, and so i decided to decide for myself.<br /><br />anyway, the long and short of it is, that it is a OK horror novel, that knowingly draws on many better stories (2001 and Blair Witch and The Shining, come to mind)<br /><br />but what everyone is raving about, i'm not sure,<br /><br />fer instance.  When a character is noted to recognize medical shock in another character, he footnotes Shock and then gives a very nice definition of it.  The footnote serves no purpose except to help out dumber readers, whom i suspect are the ones to will wowed by this book,<br /><br />Ie, Lit people with no foundation in science will be wowed, just as people with no foundation in medical sciences were wowed by Wallace's highly detailed Medical foot notes, and what not.<br /><br />But if you're like me and happen to have some background in the Sciences, then what you have is writers merely adding excess information that doesn't moe the story forward,<br /><br />I recommend, borrowing the book for a day and sticking to the story.  The footnotes are of no consequence.<br /><br />as for the use of Spacing, ie, one word per page, i think what we have is a writer who is not only telling you what to think about the Novel (via footnotes) but also dictating How to read his very sentences. This is poor poor technique.<br /><br />In short, Read the Story.  its quite good and i liked it, but the talk of this book being the next big thing, well. Its not.<br /><br />peripatetic_bum@hotmail.com<br /><br />Addendum July 26, 2008<br />wow, how pompous I used to be<br />garnaez@gmail.com
B00000BKE0|2.0|I remember the day this CD came out... I ran to my local record shack and picked it up... popped it into my stereo... and felt my heart sink... the songs lacked imagination. &quot;Tailgunner&quot; is a VERY good opening  track, reminiscent of &quot;Aces High&quot;(in spirit if not in  songwriting). &quot;Holy Smoke&quot; is different, but enjoyable. &quot;No  Prayer for the Dying&quot; is downright haunting. Then, it all goes  downhill from there. &quot;Public Enema Number One&quot; is a song that  strains to reach the old Maiden sound, but makes you WISH for the old  Maiden sound (not what they were trying to accomplish). The next track  &quot;Fates Warning&quot;, just plain stinks; again, trying to sound like  classic Maiden, but failing miserably. &quot;Assassin&quot; is OK, but the  main riff is ripped off of &quot;To Tame a Land&quot;. &quot;Run Silent,  Run Deep&quot; stinks, and it rips a riff off of &quot;Deja Vu&quot;  (hhhmmm... do we see a pattern forming here?)... &quot;Hooks in You&quot;  sounds like something Bruce Bruce would have done on &quot;Tattooed  Millionaire&quot;...&quot;Bring Your Daughter to the Slaughter&quot; should  have been left on the &quot;Nightmare on Elm Street 5&quot; soundtrack (the  soundtrack bombed miserably; recycling a song off of it doesn't exactly  make great business sense). &quot;Mother Russia&quot; tries to get the epic  feel of &quot;Alexander the Great&quot; &amp; &quot;Seventh Son of a  Seventh Son but, um, doesn't. Some folks will say that this is one of  Maiden's best efforts, but I have been following the band for over a decade  and will say this: Why subject yourself to an album where they TRY to sound  like the old Maiden when you can just as easily get the old stuff and  bypass this trash? Bruce Bruce sounds hoarse (no surprise, as he went into  the studio right after wrapping up his &quot;Tattooed Millionare&quot;  tour), Dave Murray sounds lost without Adrian Smith, Janick Gers is a poor  replacement for Adrian Smith, and Nicko McBrain sounds like he has not  learned any new beats since &quot;Peace of Mind&quot;. The only saving  grace? Steve Harris' bass playing is as thunderous as ever, but a weak  producing effort (the first of 'arry's failed attempts at producing) doom  this disc when it could have been so much more...
6305627347|5.0|This review is just chewing out all of those other negativereviews. This movie is based on the exact same basis as the showwas. I am a huge fan of the show and have seen all of the episodes. Those who say it is different are all wrong. They have obviously never seen the first season, where half the show was bleeps, and insulting religions, races, etc. I have to disagree that only adults should see this. This movie was intended for being a good laugh for teenagers that are not big south park fans for a one time basis, but for hardcore fans, who actually know about the show, and how it looked when it started. If you think that it is nothing like the show, and consider yourself a true fan, then you are definitely wrong in my book. I personally think that this is a good movie for true south park lovers (like myself), and for those teenagers who are not really big fans for a one-time laugh. This movie might also be for those who don't really care for the swearing, it shows how if smaller parties in this country always are bound to get their own way if they try hard, even if it is against the greater good. my two cents, thank you for actually reading this entire review.
6303979882|5.0|i LOVE now and then! its the coolest movie. i think everyone (thats female) can relate to at least one of the characters. they're all lovable, and realistic. i recommend this movie to anyone who wants to laugh, cry,  and have a good time! :)
B00000FCBC|3.0|Well, yeah, it's a Metallica coveralbum, in good, and in bad. What can I say? Should feature more Sabbath songs. Not very alternative alll the time, is it?
0385484518|5.0|A very quick read... this book deals with one man's reintroduction to what it means to truly be alive. Throughout the work, I was able to take pieces of advice from the wise Morrie and think how they would affect my life for  the good. This book will make you ponder what it means to be alive and how  you go from day to day. The best part is the fact that if you believe you  are wasting your time on earth just a bit, he gives you a new way to open  your senses. I came away with a sad but peaceful feeling in my heart, and I  would recommend this book to everyone... especially those feeling down  about life... this is an uplifting story for all...
B000002NJS|5.0|Let's just say that I'm a long-time alterna-techno fan who has made a living poking fun at mainstream music.  Intrigued by the possibility of an electronic Madonna album (I always did like that Vogue video (and others)),  I bought it.  I'm not sorry.  It's incredible.
0380778556|1.0|I was very dissapointed with this book.  The characters were very hard to empathise with,the story was very slow and when there was suspence, you were let down.  It seemed that the author didn't even know where she wanted  to take the story next, then just settled because she became bored with her  own story.
B000001ELP|5.0|There is no question that 'Music From the Elder,' is a very different style of KISS than the usual hard/heavy sounds of 'Destroyer,' or 'Creatures of the Night.' Perhaps it was the slander surrounding the album  that piqued my curiosity towards it.     This is a concept album, the only  KISS ever did. The idea is to focus on a boy that has been chosen by a  mysterious group, the Order of the Rose, to fight evil in the world. It is  the story of his training to become this warrior. KISS demonstrates a good  deal of creativity and lyrical talent with the songs for this album. The  songs both tell a story and most are enjoyable by themselves; though some  knowledge of the basic premise is needed.     The divergence from previous  albums is clear from the start. The American Symphony provides both opening  and closing fanfares, and can be heard throughout the album. There are  elements of KISS' classic hard-rock sounds as well. 'Dark Light,' written  by Ace Frehley contains a particularly powerful guitar solo. 'The Oath,'  'Mr. Blackwell,' and the instrumental piece, 'Escape From the Island,' are  all additional examples of the band's need to Rock. The final song 'I,' is  one of the best KISS ever wrote. It speaks of believing in one's self  without being arrogant. Cautioning against drug use, saying 'it only holds  me down,' this song is a wonderful way to tie album together, the boy has  found his confidence; it also is enjoyable as a single.    The songs that  differed from KISS' heavy approach are well arranged, and most are powerful  piecs of music. From the uncertainty that we all have felt being embodied  in 'Just a Boy,' to the haunting nature of 'A World without Heroes,' and  'Only You.'      Throughout the album KISS makes use of a wide range of  instruments and I found the result impressive. Pianos, choirs, brass, and  reed-winds race over a mornful guitar to create a symophonic creshendo on  several of the pieces. This, combined with clever and descriptive lyrics,  an attempt by the three original band members to perform better vocally,  and an inspiring, if somewhat trite, plot, make this a throughly enjoyable  album that has been highly underated. In part because it had the misfortune  to debut in 1981 after 1980's 'Unmasked,' and 1979's 'Dynasty,' two albums  which were an exmaple of divergent sound that doesn't work. Both a far cry  from the artistic talent evident in 'Music from the Elder.'
B00003XB8K|3.0|Sometimes I wish Cretu would keep quiet - everything else works so great!
B000002V1D|4.0|Duran Duran had been mired in mediocre albums and less than stellar sales, but the pre-album release of &quot;Ordinary World&quot; changed all that, and well it should - it's a fantastic song and recording.  Nothing else on  the album can quite match it (it'd be very difficult to!), but there's  still some great stuff here.  &quot;Too Much Information&quot; is had a  very good groove (although some would question the wisdom of Duran Duran,  of all bands, starting off an album with the lyric &quot;Destroyed by  MTV&quot;), &quot;Love Voodoo&quot; has an interesting feel (but the  occasional clumsy lyric), and other songs manage to marry good lyrics and  melodies to create catchy numbers - &quot;Come Undone&quot;,  &quot;UMF&quot;, &quot;None of the Above&quot;, &quot;Breath After  Breath&quot;.  The album does run out of gas by the end (only &quot;Sin of  the City&quot; shows any promise at all, and even then it's spotty), and  &quot;Drowning Man&quot; has pretty silly lyrics (&quot;heart of  ham&quot;?) and proves that Simon Le Bon is a singer, not a rapper.  All in  all, however, a very worthwhile collection, and it was nice to see them  back on their feet.
0201485672|4.0|The most useful hint for me is the author's advocacy of the JUnit class for unit testing.  (I haven't noticed any previous author's review elaborating on his or her experience with JUnit, so I will give some detail  here.)  I did download JUnit, and wrestled for a couple of hours to get the  thing to do what the docs said it would do.  Once successful, I set about  modifying some of my Java code which had over time become brittle.  Over  the next weeks on a part time basis (that is, having the code design  swapped into and out of my brain at irregular intervals) I was able to  rewrite several important classes with a security that I had never before  enjoyed.  The author claims that incremental testing enables a freedom in  the code modification process; I found that claim to be true.  The  interactive JUnit class displays a red bar if an error has been introduced  during code modification, and it displays a green bar if all tests still  perform as expected.  I found that the red light, green light provided an  unexpected, visceral motivation to test.  As far as the refactorings  themselves - well, I read some and agreed with them, but in practice on the  keyboard I just zipped along with my own instinct.  I didn't really want to  take the time to know whether my proposed refactoring had already been  cataloged.  I am confident that the book, which is thorough, contains some  golden nugget hints that I haven't yet encountered in my own programming  experience.  But I have not been attentive enough to read the book like I  would a textbook.
0140177396|4.0|This is a great Book plain and simple.  It displays a great ironic message of love and friendship.  The story is deeply moving and evokes terrific emotion.  As the story moves along you feel you know and love the  characters yourself.  You really feel for the characters and their  situations.  I love this book.
0792840054|4.0|James M. Cain's pitilessly observed, unsentimental novels made for three key 40s films: Double Indemnity, The Postman Always Rings Twice and Mildred Pierce.  Since the first two deal with homicide, when they brought Mildred  Pierce to the screen they turned a sociological melodrama about a woman's  rise to power and prosperity into a murder mystery, too.  That grotesque  distortion aside, Mildred Pierce remains essentially true to this story of  hauling yourself up the ladder rung by greasy rung and of a  sharper-than-a-serpent's-tooth daughter.  (Oops!  One more change.  The  daughter Veda -- Ann Blyth -- a coloratura soprano in the novel, becomes a  hoochie-koochie singer in a bar.)  Director Michael Curtiz, fresh from his  labors on Casablanca, helmed the project with a few more flashes forward  and back than are absolutely essential; still, he gives the proceedings a  good sense of time and place. This is probably one of Crawford's most  successful screen portrayals (after all, she won the Oscar in 1945 for it)  but one can only imagine what it would have been like with a script closer  to Cain's and with Barbara Stanwyck -- who was BORN to play Mildred Pierce  -- in this archetypal plot.
B00000J7J4|5.0|i think santana has a great hit with this cd.  the solos of satana were great, but the other songs with the other artists are great too.  esp. the one with everlast and dave matthews.  rob thomas was ok, but him singing  latin is kind of out of place.  maria maria is a great fun song to listen  to.  i would greatly recomend this cd to anyone who like all types of music  and santana.
B00000099Y|5.0|I heard about Tool from a friend.  Apparently they were really cool.  So I bought Aenima.  At first I was quite dissapointed.  I thought that the music is kind of boring, kind of the industrail style.  But after listening  to it a few more times, I started to like the songs more and more...now  it's my favourite CD.  I like how Tool plays Metal, but the drums still  stay calm, and the singer doesn't just scream all the time.  When a song  gets a bit heavier, Tool manages to keep a melody. The song Aenima is not  really that good though...I don't nderstand why everyone likes it so much.   I think the first 3 songs are the best. Well, I recommend this CD to anyone  who likes, rock, metal, alternative, punk, and maybe even hip hop. It's  good music to 'chill' to.
0767802659|4.0|And there's nothing worse than stupid movies I actually enjoy. I was overwhelmed by the eye-candy, giggled a bit at the stupid and obvious irony of it all. I'm actually a bit angry at myself since I found this movie so  entertaining. I usually have much better tastes.<br />This movie is either the  work of genious or plain stupidity. But I didn't care, since watching the  heroic efforts of our star carve a hole in the back of a giant acid  spitting bug and throwing a gernade into its body cavity to explode green  goo everywhere is just good enough.<br />This highly imaginative dribble has  nothing really to do with the book. But it's one of those DVDs you find  yourself doing frame-by-frame replays (for the 8th time). A must own DVD  that really shows you what the technology is capable of. Watch it while  your face is 1 foot from a 21&quot; PC monitor and you'll be blown  away.<br />Did I mention that I hate this movie?<br />G.
B0000048CX|5.0|What a great CD this is. Here Comes My Baby, Can't Forget, and Emulsified are all standouts here.But it's tough to choose a standout on an album this good.
0140186409|4.0|Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. These are the values upon which our country was founded. Yet history has shown that this has not been the case for many people living in the United States. Americans have been  restricted from these rights because of unalterable circumstances such as  race, sex, religion, or in the case of Grapes of Wrath, because of economic  status.  The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck takes place during the  1930's, a time of nation wide economic hardship. Many books have been  written about the great depression but this book is unique in its focus on  another great tragedy effecting the country at the same time. The great  dust bowl caused the migration of thousands of people from the Midwest US  to the state of California in search of a better life for their families.  This book addresses the hardships suffered by those families.  This  book is very effective in portraying these struggles both generally and  personally. Steinbeck chose to alternate chapters between general  descriptions of the country's struggles and the story of one specific  family by the name of Joad. The general descriptions display the widespread  difficulties people everywhere were suffering by describing the people as a  general, family unit, &quot;And the man, the leader of the family, leaned  from the car. Can we pull in here an sleep?&quot; (Steinbeck, p268) These  chapters addressing the &quot;big picture&quot; were followed by chapters  that brought the issue to life by displaying the struggles of the Joad  family. This alternation of big picture, small picture story telling  resulted in a well-rounded image of a time period in American history.  So much can be gained from this book it is a definite asset to anyone's  reading list. Not only is it a great chronicle of history, it is a story  about the American dream, and the quality of life. The length of the book  shouldn't provide an obstacle for a reader seeing as how it is neither  exceptionally long nor short and it maintains a good amount of excitement  and adventure throughout the novel. The only thing that may be distracting  to some readers is the periodic breakaway from the main story line.  However, if one can see this as a valuable literary device instead of an  obstacle, it will actually provide a greater understanding of the time  period.  The Grapes of Wrath provides a great insight into a period of  history. By reading the book, the reader is left with greater understanding  and empathy for those who lived during the dust bowl of 1930. The bravery  and strength that is demonstrated by the Joad family is both phenomenal and  inspiring. It is a good example for people today who are suffering through  difficult times. When these people where faced with hardship, they did not  roll over and die. They picked up their lives and their families and they  set out determined to find a way to protect and provide for themselves. At  a time when everyday people in our country are turning to drugs, gangs, or  crime as solutions to their problems, a great lesson can be learned from  these families: The world is not perfect but that is no excuse to give up  on life.  And life was the picture John Steinbeck was trying to relay  in his book. A raw, honest look at life during a time of great hardship and  trial. The Joad family was an excellent portrayal of a typical family from  the Midwest in search of the better life they had been promised elsewhere.  Steinbeck characterized the family through dialogue that depicts both the  diction and accent of a typical Midwest family in the 1930's, &quot; 'You  jus' goin wes'?' 'Jus' on our way.' 'You ain't never been in  California?'&quot; (278). Choosing to maintain the dialogue in this natural  state adds to the authenticity of the novel and creates a better picture  for the reader.ong nor short and it maintains a good amount of excitement  and adventure throughout the novel. The only thing that may be distracting  to some readers is the periodic breakaway from the main story line.  However, if one can see this as a valuable literary device instead of an  obstacle, it will actually provide a greater understanding of the time  period.  The Grapes of Wrath provides a great insight into a period of  history. By reading the book, the reader is left with greater understanding  and empathy for those who lived during the dust bowl of 1930. The bravery  and strength that is demonstrated by the Joad family is both phenomenal and  inspiring. It is a good example for people today who are suffering through  difficult times. When these people where faced with hardship, they did not  roll over and die. They picked up their lives and their families and they  set out determined to find a way to protect and provide for themselves. At  a time when everyday people in our country are turning to drugs, gangs, or  crime as solutions to their problems, a great lesson can be learned from  these families: The world is not perfect but that is no excuse to give up  on life.   And life was the picture John Steinbeck was trying to relay  in his book. A raw, honest look at life during a time of great hardship and  trial. The Joad family was an excellent portrayal of a typical family from  the Midwest in search of the better life they had been promised elsewhere.  Steinbeck characterized the family through dialogue that depicts both the  diction and accent of a typical Midwest family in the 1930's, &quot; 'You  jus' goin wes'?' 'Jus' on our way.' 'You ain't never been in  California?'&quot; (278). Choosing to maintain the dialogue in this natural  state adds to the authenticity of the novel and creates a better picture  for the reader.
6305531374|3.0|Ok that was an over-statement,the movie is pretty good but it sort of lacks that horroe-esqe vibe.It could of been a little longer and the ending could of been ALOT better!When my cousin saw this in the theater she said  all of the people stared booing at the end.This has it's good and bad  moments,It is in my collection{DVD}. You should see it to make you on  thoughts.Please do not exept mine,until you see it.It is a high 3.
6305546789|5.0|This is without a doubt thegreatest modern horror film.It is genuinely scary, evenafter repeated viewings. Themusic score is awesome. Itremains the greatest theme music of all time.The similar films which cameafter  it(Friday the 13th,Scream and the like are by no means of a quality  evenremotely close to this. Buythis video now, but be sure to get it in  widescreen format. And do yourself a favor and avoid ALL ofthe sequels as  they will justmake you scream for more of this original classic.
B00000K31Q|3.0|This movie would best be viewed if you do not really haveanything to do and you have a friend over on a Saturday night.For someof the people that hink this movie is qoute-on-quote &quot;Uproarious&quot; and &quot;Incredibly Funny&quot; they might of saw another movie.And it being the best movie of '99,Was this the only movie you saw?But please do not get me wrong!I am not trying to come off demeaning the people you made this film,it is a fairly well made adaption of Shakespear's work.And I am also sorry to the people that might of thought I was demeaning them too on here.This is a good film,if you really think you might want to see it by all means,see it,do not listen to me!You will most likely enjoy it as I.<br />Have a good day......Ryan END
6305546789|5.0|This is without a doubt thegreatest modern horror film.It is genuinely scary, evenafter repeated viewings. Themusic score is awesome. Itremains the greatest theme music of all time.The similar films which cameafter  it(Friday the 13th,Scream and the like are by no means of a quality  evenremotely close to this. Buythis video now, but be sure to get it in  widescreen format. And do yourself a favor and avoid ALL ofthe sequels as  they will justmake you scream for more of this original classic.
0684872153|5.0|I've read it twice and loved it...Even though it's about poverty in Ireland, it's not about poverty, it's not about Ireland...it's about the triumph of the human spirit over adversity.  McCourt's writing style is  what lends it the most credibility...in the beginning it has the quality of  a child telling a story and it matures as he does throughout the book.  I  didn't care much for his &quot;afterschool activities&quot; in the later  chapters...the book could have done without them, but I guess the crucial  part of any memoir is the truth through your own eyes.  The last chapter is  perfect!  I'd reccomend to anyone!
B00000J7JO|4.0|I've always liked the Red Hot Chili Peppers ever since I heard &quot;Give it Away&quot; on the radio almost 10 years ago. The new CD is very good - you should definately give it a listen. My particular favorites -  &quot;Otherside&quot;, &quot;Around the World&quot;, and &quot;Get on  Top&quot;.
0792139771|5.0|First of all William Wallace was not a Highlander and never wore a kilt into battle and he never painted his face blue in the manner of the ancient Picts.  The movie tried to portray him as a &quot;noble Barbarian&quot; but  in fact he was more of a Barbaric noble.  In the real battle of Stirling he  actually skinned the English commander &quot;from the nape of his neck to  his left heel&quot; and made a baldric(belt for his sword) out of it.  Yet,  Mr Gibson declined to show this in his film. Historical Inaccuracies  aside...this movie is my favorite. Not every great film has to be based on  a true story...although a more historical film would be just as  entertaining, if not more so. The battle scenes are so realistic, you feel  you are in the middle of the action.  The soundtrack is Awesome and yes  those are Ulliean pipes not bagpipes played in the background. I've seen it  40 times and never get tired of it!
0316920045|5.0|After reading so many amazon customers warning people from away from this book, and mind you it is one of the greatest books ever written, that I feel I need to warn people about the warnings. <br />I can see how fans of  pulp and romance novels would have trouble with this one. Infinite Jest is  structurally very challenging and a lot of the actual &quot;story&quot; is  told in the structure. If you're looking for light reading on the train to  and from work everyday- for the print equivalent of network television- by  all means pass this one by. <br />It's difficult to try and explain what I'm  saying without ruining things for someone that hasn't read the book. I get  the feeling that the other positive reviewers have felt the same  constraint. Please though, if you are a fan of intelligent and pointed  fiction, and don't mind having a laugh or two at your own expense, then you  must read this book.<br />If you are looking for a way to pass the time until  the next Dean Koontz or Michael Crichton &quot;novel&quot;, don't waste  your time. But so and don't try and poison the minds of other people who  can appreciate a work  or this depth and magnitude.
0385495315|5.0|I happen to work in the Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) environment so perhaps my view on this book is biased.  I liked it so much though, that I recommended it to friends and family not involved with cryptography or even  security in any way whatsoever.  Their unanimous feedback was just as I  suspected; this is a GREAT read regardless of your vocation and knowledge  of the subject of codes and cryptology.  It is also the best book out there  for a thorough introduction if you are interested beyond the sheer  entertainment value or even for practioners.
B00000099Y|5.0|I'm a HUGE heavy metal fan, and when I listened to this recording I liked H.M. even more! If you don't like H.M. I think you should not get this recording.But if you do, this deserves a spot on your shelf!
B000002JNJ|5.0|Every song on this cd is awesome, Heresy, Domination, Primal Concrete Sledge, Message in Blood etc.  This is by far Pantera's best, every cd since has gotten progressively worse.  Vulgar and Far beyond are still  great cd's, but this is the masterpiece.
B00004KD1L|5.0|First and foremost, anyone who is expecting a fat-boy  slim album, read the next review.  Secondly I'd have to say that this album is superior to any fat boy slim album yet released by a wide margin.  It's an album that  deserves to be taken on it's own terms, in that it is different from  anything else out there.  Yes, there are comparisons to air, moby(?), and  whatever else.  But, anyone who makes those comparisons obviously listens a  little too hard to find similarities because it makes them comfortable.    Upon listening to this album more than ONCE, one should come to the  conclusion that it really is cohesive, flowing, and well put together.  IF  one is looking to make a comparison, i personally would say Alpha (on  melankolic) with the rhythmic sensibility of Basement Jaxx, and even that's  a stretch. The chill-out tracks are better than the up beat ones.  JUST BUY  IT.
B00000JZC4|5.0|I would like to say that Filter &quot;Title of record&quot; is simply my favorite c.d. I own. Richard Patrick has the most awesome voice. I prefer bands like Tool, Stabbing Westward, Metallica, and Nirvana, but Filter's  new album just blew me away! In my opinion the best songs are:  &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot;, &quot;Captain Bligh&quot;, &quot;The best  things&quot;, and &quot;Iwill lead you&quot;. The songs are put together in  a masterpiece-format that will keep you listening to the c.d. non-stop.  Please go to your local music store, and let the new sounds of Filter  consume you.
0964385619|5.0|This is a very practical and easy to understand book.  I am a Social Worker, very interested in business also.  Robert presents a framework to understand financial decisions and opportunities that can be applied to any  situation.<br />I bought several copies of Rich Dad and Cashflow to lend to  friends and family.  There is a lot of rubbish out there about how to  become wealthy etc, but this book is for everyone - the middle class and  poor who want to improve their situation.  <br />If you are studying business  or interested in improving your financial condition - read Roberts books -  they are excellent!  Then, lend it around to your friends and family.
B00003CWRX|4.0|Tackling the subject of latter day history takes a great deal of precision.  The first thing a film maker, taking on something such as the multi-billion dollar suit levied against the tobacco industry by the United States, must do is narrow their focus.  This is what Michael Mann's &quot;The Insider&quot; does.  Instead of becoming a sprawling film that takes on all the evils of society in the form of a cigarette company, it narrows in on the idea of media and corporate relations.<br />This film does not make its heroes out to be saints. They all have motives, which can be considered selfish.  This is the most compelling aspect of the film.  Jeffrey Wigand is a practical white-collar American who is not often driven by emotion but rather by cool headed American values such as providing for his family.  When he is pushed by his former employer (tobacco company B&amp;W) he goes to his one instance of emotional redemption (taking the information he knows to the press, in the form of Pacino as a 60 minute producer) and puts everything he has gained in jeopardy.<br />Sometimes long but perfectly stylized, this film owes much of its power to Russel Crowe whose transformation into Wigand (white-haired, overweight and ready to explode) is the stuff serious drama is built on.  The supporting characters who work at 60 Minutes and CBS are note worthy as well. While not having as much emotionally invested in the situation, Pacino is effective as a workaholic newsman who takes on some of Crowe's fire.<br />Lastly is something that I normally don't usually give much weight to when it comes to movies.  This is an important story to be told because many people don't realize that the facts represented here are true (maybe not entirely accurate) and, more importantly, serve as a model as how far reaching events will go down in the modern world.
0783233477|5.0|I don't know how many times I have watched this movie.  And every time I watch it, it never looses a bit of its greatness.  No one can doubt Hopkins is an incredible actor; and he certainly brought his talents to the stage  in this one.  Every movie I have seen him in has been great.  His  characters always seem to be very similar in type: intelligent, intiguing,  and certainly charming.  As Bill Parrish, Hopkins definitely showed his  stuff.     Brad Pitt...I have loved every movie of Pitt's I have seen.   Seven, Legends of the Fall, Fight Club...all stunning.  While he seems to  be a little absorbed in himself, he brings a great show to the screen.  As  &quot;death&quot; I am sure this was a tough role; but Pitt put it on like  he was &quot;death&quot; himself.     Clair Forlani...beautiful, beautiful,  and you got it, beautiful.  Her character's almost youthful naivity and  innocence fit her incredibly in this movie.  Didn't see much as to why she  fell in love with the mysterious character of &quot;death.&quot;  But  realize it was more the man in the coffee shop than &quot;death,&quot; with  whom she fell in love.   Tears rolled down my cheeks the first time I  watched it, and the last time, and everytime in between.  If you get this  one, expect a little bit of a overly light-hearted love story, but let your  heart run with it.  Enjoy.
0684867621|5.0|In order to appreciate this book, you have to put yourself in this amazing 9-year old girl's place. I can see by a lot of the reviews that many people were unable to do that. Thank you Mr. King, for this masterpiece.
0780628551|1.0|This is the most stupid, dumb, pathedic excuse for a movie in the history of Hollywood.  I was excited when I rented it, only to be completely disappointed in such a pointless movie.  The acting is bad, the storyline  is completely dumb.  The ending was horrible.  My dad and I were disgusted  after watching this.  It wasn't even scary.  My adice, don't take 2 hours  of your valuable life to waste on this horrible excuse for a movie.
0871137380|5.0|100%Pure excitement! this book is almost impossible to put down. The detail and the story line is authentic, no fiction here! A must have for military fans.
6305327041|5.0|This movie is probably one of the best low budget films I have ever seen, Great comedy and props to Roth for his great job as the bellboy...-d-
B000002UAI|5.0|This album is highly underrated.  So many critics and fans say that it's the weakest Beatle album, but it's beyond me why they think so.  Just listen to the harmonies on the bridge in &quot;I Don't Want to Spoil the  Party&quot; or the inventive chord changes in the &quot;middle eight&quot;  of &quot;No Reply&quot;.  The Beatles prove over and over again that they  are the masters.  In addition, all the recent hoopla over insurgent country  and roots music is ridiculous in the face of this record, which beat them  all to the punch by 35 years...this is the alternative country album for  all time...from the twang of &quot;Baby's in Black&quot; to &quot;I'm a  Loser&quot;.  Congratulations, Beatles!
0375703764|5.0|Don't believe -- for good or ill -- the opinions in circulation that equate this book with work by Wallace or Pynchon. It is its very own self, and the bits and pieces copped from (referring to?) DFW (endless footnotes,  for example) and TP (the presence of a minor voice named  &quot;Chiclitz,&quot; for example), suggest more about Danielewski's tastes  and methods than they do about his aspirations and intents.<br />I think.<br />At  any rate, the amazing thing about this book is that for all of its  deconstructive technique and filigreed mannerisms, it manages to tell a  direct story in an extremely engaging way.  In other words, fear not: A  fine narrative lurks in these dark pages.
0802130208|5.0|One of the reasons this book made it into my top 25 list (see homepage) is that I found it very funny.<br />I stopped laughing when I read the true story that the writer himself never got to see his book published and that in  fact no one wanted to publish it. His mother had to sit down in the office  of a a literature professors at some small university demanding that he  should read the manuscript, or she wouldn´t leave his office. He liked it  and helped get it published and it won the Pullizer prise the year it came  out.<br />Does anyone know how difficult it is to write good humour. There are  billions of suspense novels, zillions of contemporary novels, thrillions of  science fiction and fantasy books, but only a handful of really funny books  (Mark Twains short stories, The witches books of terry Pratchet, Calvin  &amp; Hobbs cartoons, the Topper books). John Kennedy Tool is a genius who  died to young and his hero, &quot;Ignatius J. Reilly is a grotesque, a  gargantua, who lumbers through New Orleans leaving chaos in his wake&quot;  and he also leaves chaos among the reviewers in Amazon.com and why? Because  humour are so difficult and so individual. Either you love it or you don´t.  Either or is normal.<br />A deeply funny book, that will prolong the life of  many people.
B00000IN5G|5.0|This cd features some of the coolest tunes in the black/death metal area. The symphonic element added to the already extreme tunes makes this cd one great buy. The guitar work is very technical (almost Yngwie-esque) but not  entirely. This group definetely shows their originality with this CD and  their first cd as well, titled &quot;Something Wild&quot;. If you're a fan  of guitar virtuosos like &quot;Yngwie Malmsteen&quot; or &quot;Vinnie  Moore&quot; and if you have a love for black/death metal groups like  &quot;In Flames&quot;, &quot;Night In Gales&quot; or &quot;Dimmu  Borgir&quot;, you should be able to jump right into this group without  missing a beat. Valiant effort from this extremely talented group of  musicians.<br />Lightning speed, well written music, great guitar and keyboard  skills, and teriffic musicianship all around, make this group one powerful  force. Give this group a chance....You'll be glad you did.
6305750750|3.0|...why, oh why, doesn't Lucas release it in widescreen without all that extra junk?
0788816454|3.0|Although Adam Sandler is one of my favorite comedians and I've loved every other one of his movies, I believe this one was sub-par. If you really like Adam Sandler, by all means, get it. I did, just because I like all of his  movies. But if this movie is going to change your opinion of Adam Sandler  try Big Daddy, the Wedding Singer, Happy Gilmore, or Billy madison. Do not  get Bulletproof.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|Quite possibly the only film other than _Blade Runner_ to achieve instant cult status is that of _Fight Club_.  Critics hated this film.  Almost everyone I know hates this film.  Those few of us that like this film  really, really like this film.  It is an artistic treat of excellent  acting, an excellent story, a nice industrial score, and strange funkyness  that never ends.<br />A must see film.  But I warn you, you'll either love it  or hate it.
B0000062S0|2.0|If you buy this one expecting to hear the magic of Led Zeppelin, you are sure to be disappointed.  I also went to the supporting concert at the Dallas stop.....it was even worse.<br />It is really sad in a way.  The two,  especially Plant, just seem to be two old men trying to fill their bank  accounts via their past success.  The concert was terrible...Plant had a  leg injury and was forced to sit on a stool for the entire concert and his  voice just seemed tired....VERY tired.<br />The CD isn't nearly as bad as the  concert was....but I certainly wouldn't call it good.<br />Page can still  play, but the material just isn't up to what you might expect from the  pair.<br />Some groups or artists get better or at least keep their magic as  they age....Page &amp; Plant ain't one of those!<br />I gave this one 2  stars.....1 star would be given to anyone that managed to put out a  cd.....1 star for who they were and all the enjoyment they gave me over the  years.......if I were grading this one soley on its merits.....well....I  couldn't give it a star at all!  I found it that poor in quality.
B0000074Q9|4.0|This Cd is Usual Van Halen, but being a huge VH fan I feel it rocks. The guitar playing is as original as very album eddie plays on. It is just good old fashion Van Halen Rock.
B000002JOH|5.0|This is Pantera's best album.  &quot;This Love&quot; blends an appealing array of soft vocals and primal screams which give me chills every time I hear it. Highly recommended.
B00003BDXG|2.0|It was only after watching Natural Born Killers that I could fully appreciate why Quentin Tarantino (who wrote the story) and Oliver Stone (who directed the movie) fell out over it. It's obvious that the story has  a lot of potential to be made interesting (I can think of comparing it to  From Dusk Til Dawn, also written by QT) but sadly it failed to reach that  potential this time. I blame it on the director.<br />For some reason, Oliver  Stone chose to give his version an &quot;arty&quot; feel (perhaps to give  it his distinctive touch) and there are a number of places in the movie  which seem &quot;strange&quot; to the point of spoiling my enjoyment.  Another reason why I disliked this movie could be due to Woody Harrelson's  acting. I've sworn never to watch another movie with him in it.<br />Rent it  if you must, but I wouldn't recommend buying it. It's not repeat watchable.
6305807086|5.0|This was without a doubt the most original concept for any film in recent memory.  The idea of a portal into someone's mind seems outrageous - and on top of that, whose head is it?  JOHN MALKOVICH!  I don't know how Charlie  Kaufman chose Malkovich, but it worked perfectly.<br />The best idea for a  movie in 1999, and Spike Jonze carried it out to perfection.  Absolutely  hysterical, and easily one of the best and most enjoyable films of the  year.
B00003A9QI|5.0|Listening to Portman's score is simply a pleasure.  Some might critique her for being a little too repetitious, but like I've always said, if something sounds great (as her reoccuring theme does), why change things?   I walked out of this film and immediately had to have the score because it  was so beautiful (incedentally, I bought it the next day before heading  back into the theatre to see the movie again).  And the surprising thing is  that Portman uses only a few orchestral instruments and a piano, yet she  has created a very stirring and moving work of music.  If you loved the  movie like I did (it is truly one of the most beautiful movies to come out  of Hollywood in recent years), then this CD is a must-have.  If you haven't  seen &quot;Cider House&quot; yet, see it as soon as you can as well as  purchasing this score.  It's perfect background music for anything you can  imagine--homework, dinner parties, relaxing, driving, anything!  (And DO  NOT read the track listings if you do not want to know every plot detail  contained in the film)  I'm positive that Portman's exquisite score will  remain in my ever-expanding collection for eternity.  &quot;The Cider House  Rules&quot; score will make even the coldest heart melt and make anyone  feel like a prince of Maine, a king of New England.
B000002I97|5.0|I'm only twenty, and so am eight years younger than this album, but it is one of my favorites of all time.  I own the record, cassette, and soon.... the CD.  It's a little part of american history.
B00003CWPR|4.0|I feel that &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot; was the most thought-provoking film of 1999. While certainly not Kubrick's best, it is a film worthy of further contextual analysis. I own the DVD, and have watched the film nearly  half-dozen times since I purchased it, and discover something fresh with  each new viewing which eluded me in a previous viewing. Kubrick's films are  meticulously crafted, and I knew that if the story did not appear to have a  whole lot of &quot;logical consistency,&quot; then there was probably a  deeper subtext that I was possibly missing. The film does appear to be  drifting between two states of reality, but what makes it tricky, is that  it is often difficult to draw a distinction between either-Namely, is it  Tom or Nicole's? Which is real, which is a dream? Often times, dreams are  chaotic, confusing, and don't commonly subscribe to our linear temporal  concepts, which is why the film appears fragmented. It simply plays like a  dream. Alas, I do believe that this film is a bit to cerebral for  contemporary viewers, and demands more than the common movie-goer is  accustomed to. I do sincerely believe that this film will find wider  acceptance in the coming decades, once it is further probed and discussed.  This film does carry the stamp of a true cinematic mastermind who was well  ahead of his time.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I remember anticipating this movie with my buddies at school, October 15, 1999 was the greatest movie watching experience I have ever had.  This film gave me so many emotions and insights with my own problems as well as other  problems that Americans have to deal with.  This brave, extremely well shot  movie deserved much more than a sound effects editing award at the oscars,  it was a masterpiece.  Brilliantly acted by pitt and norton, this was  perfectly based on the outstanding book (read it before the movie).  Now  the anticipation is rising for this feature packed DVD which should  encapsulate the movie theater watching experience I had.  If you want to  see a movie that makes you think, revs your emotions, and makes you wanna  go run around naked through the streets, this is definately the one to see  again and again
0385486804|3.0|Living in America for over 12 years, I still can't see nor fine any adventure nor freedom America could provide.  Chris McCandless, the main character who starved to death in the Alaskan woods, traveled all over  America without paying any ticket fees nor gasoline, that amazed me greatly  of how he hitchhiked.  At first, I was too opposed of the weird beliefs and  personal attitudes of Chris, but as I kept reading, things began to make  sense and persuading.  So persuading, I almost had the thought I would live  the way Chris did, running away from his family and the Americans' main  stream life, meeting new people, enjoying the beautiful sites in America,  and mostly, able to do what he loved and died where he wanted to be the  most.  &quot;So many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet  will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are  conditioned to a life of security, conformity, and conservatism, all of  which may appear to give one peace of mind, but in reality nothing is more  damaging to the adventurous spirit within a man than a secure future.&quot;   Powerful words from a real life person, this book is so dramatic,  captivating, and show us the other side of American freedom.  A book for  anyone, especially to those who are tired of a restricted, repetitive, and  wanted to get away from city life.
B00003XACV|5.0|This soundtrack mixes in light, easy and uplifting melodies with the dark downers and magnificently they compliment each other.  The songs simply made the movie and whenever you listen to the soundtrack the movie will go  through your head.            The one thing I disliked about the CD is that  is not in the same order as the movie.  OTher than that it is an inspiring  CD
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is an excellent book.  This book is filled with happiness, sadness, joyful tmes, and hard times.  Jona is the main character in the book.  He is a young boy turning into a twelve and recieves a special assignment of the Keeper of Memories.  He starts his training and soon his  teacher dies.  Now, he is the official Keeper of the Memories.  Jona  has his parents, a sister, and a new baby brother.  The only thing in the  book is his new baby brother isn't developing right.  So they have to give  him one year to see if he will develop.  If not, he will be sent back and  they will receive a new baby.  This is a sad part of the book.  When I read  that I thought about how people do that.  These people live in a world  where there is not any pain, fear, or war.  the people  work together and  never fight.  They watch over each other.  The book is very  interesting.  The way the people live is amazing.  The kids are called by  things likes eight's, or twelve's.  This is like there age.  They can do  certain things once they turn a certain age.  Like Jona's sister Lily  turned into an eight and you can start to volunteer at places.  Lily would  like to volunteer at the nursery in the book.  Her mom says only volunteer  work.  You aren't respected as much if that is your assignment once your  get older.  For Jona since he is turning into a tweleve they receive an  assignment to do for the rest of his life.  The world the people live  in here is different, neat, and also so caring.  There world is very  different from ours.  The world is peaceful.  The people work on the  assignments they are given; and they also watch and loe their families very  much.  the Giver is an excellent book to read, and it is a good  recommendation.
0446310786|5.0|I loved this book so much, all of my thoughts and conversations were related to this book for days after reading it. I felt as though I knew the characters, had bonded with them. This book is so warm, and Scout just  stole my heart.
1573225517|4.0|This book was pretty good. It reminded me VERY much of Tom Perotta's book &quot;The Wishbones&quot;. I hope the movie does the book justice.
0060926317|1.0|In 1996 a group of Aboriginal elders, incensed by this book and the damage it is doing, obtained a government grant to travel to the United States to confront Marlo Morgan and to stop a Hollywood film being made of it. They obtained a very reluctant apology from her which I heard on radio in  Australia. As they represented the people of the area in which she claimed  to have begun her walk across Australia she had no choice but to admit she  had made the whole story up. Unfortunately this admission has gained almost  no publicity in the States. For those who still listen to Morgan's message  please remember it is the simply the musings of a white woman who has been  fully prepared to lie and delude her admiring public.  by Chris Sitka  (Napaltjarri)
0440219078|4.0|The Giver is an excellent book.  This book is filled with happiness, sadness, joyful tmes, and hard times.  Jona is the main character in the book.  He is a young boy turning into a twelve and recieves a special assignment of the Keeper of Memories.  He starts his training and soon his  teacher dies.  Now, he is the official Keeper of the Memories.  Jona  has his parents, a sister, and a new baby brother.  The only thing in the  book is his new baby brother isn't developing right.  So they have to give  him one year to see if he will develop.  If not, he will be sent back and  they will receive a new baby.  This is a sad part of the book.  When I read  that I thought about how people do that.  These people live in a world  where there is not any pain, fear, or war.  the people  work together and  never fight.  They watch over each other.  The book is very  interesting.  The way the people live is amazing.  The kids are called by  things likes eight's, or twelve's.  This is like there age.  They can do  certain things once they turn a certain age.  Like Jona's sister Lily  turned into an eight and you can start to volunteer at places.  Lily would  like to volunteer at the nursery in the book.  Her mom says only volunteer  work.  You aren't respected as much if that is your assignment once your  get older.  For Jona since he is turning into a tweleve they receive an  assignment to do for the rest of his life.  The world the people live  in here is different, neat, and also so caring.  There world is very  different from ours.  The world is peaceful.  The people work on the  assignments they are given; and they also watch and love their families  very much.  the Giver is an excellent book to read, and it is a good  recommendation.
6305750750|5.0|Perhaps it should have been called <br />Episode I:George Lucas Against the Impossible Hype Machine.<br />No movie could live up to all of the countless expectations this film was required to surpass.  I knew from the scrolling  introduction that we (the audience) were in for a real treat. With the  occasional exception of a certain Gungan character (Who was MUCH less a  nuisance by the latter third of the film, contrary to most popular belief)  I found all of the characters likeable.  I (like most others) could have  used more Darth Maul and Darth Sidious, but from what WAS in the movie, I  have no complaints. Those less objective to the NEW trilogy's potential  felt that the characters in E1 were slightly 2-dimensional, of course I  feel that Mr. Lucas has 2 more films to flesh out the characters. Anyway, I  loved it.  A great movie.  I have ordered my copy and I can not wait to see  it again.
0375707972|4.0|When I began reading this book I wondered why I was reading it and why was it so highly recommended.  The early parts details quite explicitly the love relationship between a young man (Michael) and an older woman (Hanna).   I thought this part was tedious but the rest of the book was based on this  short love affair and it was necessary to understand this woman and how her  life changed the course of the young man's life.  This affair affected  everything and every part of his life.  It also affected me as I'm still  thinking about the story line several weeks after its conclusion.  The  philosophical bent was interesting -- pondering one's and others'  weaknesses and where this might lead you in life because of such weakness.   I also thought the translation was wonderfully well written.
0783225857|5.0|Ignore all these other reviews giving TKM one star.  They are just youg high schoolers who think these reviews are jokes or they want to act macho and say the film stinks.  I watched this film in class (Im an 8th grade  boy) and it brought tears to my eyes.  Great movie for anyone and everyone.  The most tounching film I have ever seen.
0393316041|4.0|This man is an inspiration to us all.  In an age of mediocrity, complacency, and super-specialization, Feynman shows that the combination of an open mind and willingness to reason through anything from first  principles ultimatedly will win the day.  Following his nose into all kinds  of interesting situations, Feynman proves that the right attitude is what  ultimately counts.  A stern dig at 'Science', with it's lingo, pompeous air  and attempted distancing from the general public.  Feynman is undeniably a  genius, but at the same time totally human.  I find myself partaking in  hero worshiping at the same as thinking we could get on well with each  other over a few beers!
B000001Y42|5.0|this is a really good CD, that Rage and Korn fans should at least try.  Signifigant other has like maybe 4 good songs, so leave it alone.  But this CD is sooo much better.
0312954468|4.0|I picked this book up randomly at the bookstore, and started reading.  It was kind of cheesy, but fun, and slowly but surely drew me in... I  started to like the characters.  In fact, I started to like the book so much that I  tried not to read it so that I could look forwards to the next chapter.  I  don't think I have done this with a book since  &quot;Dune&quot;<br />Inevitably, the story drew to a close, and there are  some depressing parts that could have been handled less depressingly.   This, and the cheesiness factor (which it never truly leaves) take from it  the fifth star
B00000JZC4|5.0|The first song I ever heard by Filter was &quot;Take a Picture&quot; and I loved it.  Infact, that was what made me go out and get the cd.  Then when I heard the cd, most of the other songs were more alternative/rock like  &quot;Welcome To the Fold&quot;. It was hard core compared to &quot;Take A  Pic.&quot; but i loved it as well.  In Title of Record you get a taste of  so much, theres alternative, rock, slower songs like &quot;Miss Blue&quot;  and &quot;I'm Not the Only One&quot; which by the way are very deep, (all  their songs have significant meaning), theres also a little techno upbeat  sound to &quot;The Best Things&quot; and then theres &quot;Take a  Picture&quot; that has a smooth free flowing sound.  Richard Patrick can  sing smoothly,  scream,  and hit high notes. Whether you liked Short Bus or  not, i recommend Title of Rec., because they still have the same style but  in this new record they bring in more variety.  All their songs are results  of real experiences, you can tell by the feeling Richard Patrick brings  forth in his music.
0785727361|5.0|&quot;Fried Green...&quot; was a very wonderful book!   Fannie Flagg has the knack for creating characters that are not only entertaining, but different!   I loved this book from the start, especially Idgie for her  determination.Evelyn and Mrs. Threadgoode were wonderful, noshing on junk  food for lack of better things to do.  All of Fannie Flaggs books are  great!   I can hardly wait for a new one to come out!
B00000IQMT|3.0|John Williams has written some great music in his time, and although his soundtrack to Star Wars I is quality, it is not my favorite.  The best tracks are 2, 12 and 14.  Track 12 is reminiscent of the astroid chase  scene in Empire- very good stuff.<br />Also interesting is the way Williams  has incorporated a theme from the earlier movies into this one, slightly  altered.  All in all, a good piece of music great for a reading soundtrack.
B000002B1M|5.0|I purchased IT WAS WRITTEN mainly because I liked the crisp backup of Lauyn Hill on &quot;If I ruled the world&quot;.  After listening, I might be able to say that has become my least favorite song.  This should not  detract from that song, but it should contribute to the quality of the  album in its entirity.  Possible the greatest Rap song of all time is  &quot;The Message&quot; the repetitive guitar licks were a huge inovation,  and you notice similar music pervading the rap and R&amp;B area today.   Affirmative action is a very solid song, one that is rarely mentioned.  The  hard and sweet words of Foxy Brown laced with the powerful beats provide a  little lift in the middle of the album.  &quot;Street Dreams&quot; is one  of the singles released and I thought was outclassed by many other songs on  the album, although it is catchy.  Overall this ablum provides the pop  sound and thoughtful lyrics that club-goers and rap professionals would  both love.
B000031WD8|5.0|When I first went to see this movie I had never even heard of it. I actually went to see another movie but the theater switched at the last minute. I was not disappointed at all. From the very first seen I was lmao.  It's been a long time since I saw a comedy that had the whole theater in  tears. Naturally I bought it as soon as it was realeased on video. Only  thing negative I can say is it was kinda unrealistic. C'mon a senior jock  who is still a virgin!  Any senior who is still a virgin for that  matter....
6305052158|1.0|I implore you not to buy this DVD. This is a classic western brilliantly acted and directed by Marlon Brando. However, this is the worst transfer to DVD I have ever seen. There is a constant high-pitched hiss and horrible  video quality throughout the film. I have seen a beautiful letterbox print  of this film on the Amercian Movie Classics channel. Save your money until  a better transfer is released.
B00003CWL6|5.0|My first thoughts when walking out were ;This is one of thegreatest films of all time.  Truely a bold statement, but hey it wonbest picture so I'm not alone. The story is basic enough, dysfunctional family, marital problems, and fear of breaking the comfort zones that we all live in.  But there is something greater that Kevin Spacey brings to this movie and thats the evolution of Lester (the lifeless husband at the start of the movie).  My first thoughts were those that were given by his daughter Jane in the opening scene; pathetic.  However after meeting one of Janes friends Lester is sent realing as life is pumped back into him for the first time in years.  And that is the beauty of this film, the dramatic change that Lester goes through.  I won't ruin the movie, but if you like stories where you witness the revival of the soul, then this is a must see
B000001GBJ|4.0|If you like Enya, Celtic New Age music, and John William's/John Barry movie music, this will become a favorite of yours. The production is excellent. It won't do for ambient music, however, since it is strong on  melody and predictable after a few listens. Pleasant, nice dinner or  lazy-Sunday music.
B000007OY0|5.0|This story/movie was the best.  I watched it for or five times, just to really appricate all of the aspects of it!  One of my all time top 10.
B00000064G|5.0|When I first saw and heard &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, one of my favorite songs for many years, being used in a Volkswagen commercial, my first thought was, &quot;Oh, cool. Nick Drake's music is finally being brought to the  masses.&quot; Believe me, I've seen many examples of great songs being  tarnished forever by being used in a bad commercial, but this isn't one of  them. The song is used tastefully and respectfully; Nick Drake largely  shunned human contact, so he would probably have approved of the  commercial's depiction of 4 kids who decide they'd rather just drive around  on a starry night than go to some party and get wasted and laid. I'd also  say that, judging from the fact that a 28 year old record is #12 (Mar. 27)  on the Amazon best sellers list, that the song is just as much a commercial  for Nick Drake as it is for Volkswagen. Think of the power of a 30 second  snippet of a song: without any information about the artist, people have  searched out this deceased man's music, wanting to hear it again. My hope  is that these neophyte Nick Drake fans will listen beyond the title track  and discover just what an amazing album &quot;Pink Moon&quot; really is.  That song is just one of an amazing collection, recorded by a man in  extreme despair, with lyrics that appear to be out of some poet's feverish  dreams. Maybe they'll then move on to Drake's other wonderful albums. And  hey, if it took a car commercial for this to happen, so be it.
6305718954|5.0|THIS MOVIE KEPT ME WONDERING AND ON THE EDGE OF MY SEAT THRU TO THE END. THE SPECIAL EFFECTS AND ALL. I'M A REGILIOUS PERSON AND IT REALLY MADE THINK. YES  THIS IS NOT A MOVIE FOR EVERYONE. BUT SHOULD BE SEEN BY AS MANY  POEPLE AS POSSIBLE. IT IS A GREAT SUSPENCE. GABRIEL BRYNE IS THE SAVIOR IN  ALMOST ALL HIS MOVIES. HE WAS GREAT IN &quot;MAN IN THE IRON MASK&quot; HE  REALLY MAKES HIS ROLES BELIEVABLE. I WONDER IF THE STIGMATA REALLY EXSISTS?  HAS ANYONE EVER HAD THE ALL 5 WOUNDS OF CHRIST? IS THERE A POSSIBILITY?
B00000DHRZ|1.0|Ixnay was a cool cd.  All in true punk style.... When I first heard this I was disgusted, they sold out completely!  I was never the biggest Offspring fan I'll admit that, and this disc just helped me to dislike them even  more.  Dextor is not the worlds best vocalist (remember how he sounded at  woodstock?), and you have to be suspitions if a bands changes the theme of  their lyrics over the course of one album.... But then every cloud has a  silver lining, and in this case it is the track 'The kids aren't alright',  it is also the track that is closest to their earlier roots.  But even that  won't make me buy this cd.
1567184855|5.0|There are no victims, folks!   All the dialogue, Light, costumes, Sound, action, roles, even Stage Right(stage fright? ) is agreed upon ahead of time!   This book is equivalent to flinging open  doors and windows,  letting in blasts of fresh air to accompany Spring cleaning!  I now know  that I am exactly where I am suppose to be, as is everyone else. I may be  sad and miss someone, but it is like when a person is gone on a trip and I  will see them in a bit. The best thing I can do for the both of us is to  smile and wave and say,&quot; Bon Voyage, I'll check you later! &quot;   This is simply wonderful, this book. I really enjoyed reading all the other  reviews also.  I read every single one.
B00000K19E|5.0|I think that The Matrix is a brilliant movie. Keanu Reeves, Carrie-Anne Moss, Laurence Fishburn, and all the actors did a wonderful job. To all the special effects and film crew, great job!  I have to say, GO SEE THIS  MOVIE!  Everything about this movie rules!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This new works by Metallica is amazing. The group joined with an orchastra and created a powerfuly emotional 2 cd set that will blow you away. Although this CD was beautiful and in some ways more mellow than your  average metallica tracks, it is obvios who this group is. The CD's let you  know that Metallica has not dissapeared and is definatly NOT a sell-out.  I  was swept away by the power of this hevey metal set with an orchastra.  Definatly a must-have.
0440211727|5.0|A Time to Kill, one of the best known novels of the last 15 years, is a courtroom drama by John Grisham, set in a small town in southern Mississippi. Jake Brigance, a young, white lawyer is hired by a murderer of  two rapists who raped his daughter. Sound complicated? It is- the murderer  is black and the rapists are (or were) white.  Jake Brigance is given  the impossible task of proving that Carl Lee Hailey, the black murderer, is  innocent. Impossible, because of a mostly white county, because of the Ku  Klux Klan which &quot;lives again&quot; in Clanton, because of a win-at-all  costs prosecutor, because of the racism and hypocrisy of the Mississippi  citizens and judicial system.  This book illustrates how no matter how  much the world tries to say they &quot;celebrate their diversity&quot; or  &quot;look past the differences,&quot; you have to look no farther than a  small Mississippi town to see how untrue this is.
1573226521|5.0|What a great book All I can say is that I don't read a lot, mainly because I find it so hard to find a book that I can get into, but I was totally hooked on this book, and couldn't put it down. The main character Richard,  comes across a map to 'the beach' and after crossing many hurdles manages  to find this paradise, a perfect society in a perfect setting.  This  'perfect world' is then distroyed in a way that can only be described as  shocking, as we are taken back to the animal instincts of mankind Well  worth a read, universal appeal!
0920668372|5.0|Sorry, but I feel I MUST get my two cents in!  This book was bought when my two year old picked it out her self, the cover illustration is EVERY 2 yr old. She loves it, I cried outside the bookstore, this book is  INCREDIBLY moving. For every mom, new, old etc......A MUST. This book is  all about love of a child and how it never goes away. As for any  controversy/ 'oddity' in this book, it is sad how we can 'look' into such a  beautiful book and make it 'bad' (a child, beleive me, just will see the  plain obvious beauty of this book, children are so smart!). Please, for  everyone who's ever loved a child, buy it, it will be a book remembered,  passed down and cherished by all.
0140013997|5.0|I am now ordering a second copy as I have lent the first one so many times  I cannot keep track of it.  This is a delightful series of essays that makes one laugh out loud and insist on reading the best parts out to  friends and family.  Having read a great deal of Lawrence Durrell, I was  enchanted by his younger brother's irreverent view of the  &quot;literary&quot; member of his family.  The descriptions of people and  animals on Corfu bring tears to the eyes -- tears of laughter and regret  that the island life Gerry describes is gone forever.
0679731725|5.0|There is always the danger of reading too much into a book.  That is a danger that I don't believe exists with The Remains of the Day, one of the most beautifully written contemporary novels.  The Remains of the Day is  the story of Stevens, an English butler in post-World War II England.  In  beautiful understatement, Ishiguro explores the themes of the novel:  What  is the meaning of professionalism in today's society?  How much should one  sacrifice in order to remain true to his own personal ethics?  Ishiguro  weaves quiet comedy and tragedy in this deceptively simple tale, but always  preserves a strong undercurrent of psychological motivation and tension.   In beautiful, crystal clear prose, he tells the tale of one man's  interpretation of his place in society.  The fading class system also  serves as a metaphor for the fading glory of the insular world of postwar  England.  If your're looking for a John Grisham breakneck plot, skip this  book.  If you want literature at its finest, you can't do better than this.
0788812408|5.0|I am 10 years old and I still think this is the best disney movie, even though kids make fun of me!
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Savage Garden is a very talented group, wonderful lyrics and great beats. &quot;Affirmation&quot; proves they are here to stay. The songs are great, but need a little more variety. &quot;The Animal Song&quot; is my favorite  song on the album but there are many other great songs on it. Savage Garden  is passionate and just growing into their music. I can see their next album  being even better!
0440234743|1.0|Very dissapointing.  The book is nothing like the book jacket predicted.  No conflict, unlikable characters, I just keep thinking it could have been so much better.
0380973464|4.0|Much smarter and wittier than the average adventure novel, although I don't feel that it quite lives up to the rave reviews, which led me to expect something like a combination of Douglas Hofstadter and William  Gibson. Even as I reached the last few pages, I hoped that the ending would  be more... cerebral, or metaphysical, or something a little less obvious or  conventional. I was somewhat disapointed that the goal or objective that  absorbed the characters throughout this 900 page novel was, in the end,  pretty mundane. Oh, well. It was still very difficult to put down, and I  devoured the entire book almost all at once (with only a couple of brief  breaks to get some sleep). <br />Altogether a pretty good read, although not  really interesting enough to make me want the sequel or sequels (according  to the book flap, this is the first book of a series).
0385486804|4.0|Into The wild is a book of great adventure. Following Alex's every step is indeed hard to do with all his moving and all. I really enjoyed this book because it is something that does go on in the world today. Having the book  starting out with finding Alex dead and all really gets the flow of the  story of how it all happened. Every few chapters the author decided to go  back to the specific scene were they found the old bus and Alex in it. The  reason for this I believe is to make the reader think about the stories  were Alex has traveled and what he has been through which brings the  reader's thought and imagination back to the tragic scene were Alex was  found dead.  I am glad that I had the chance to read this book because this  book has been one of the best books that I have read.
6305657947|1.0|I rented this at a video store and watched just more than half,up to the point of the ridiculous dance. Terrible movie.  END
0385486804|4.0|I really liked this true story of the life of Chris (Alex) McCandless.  I found it hard to put down because I wanted to understand why such a young person like Chris would drop his whole life to travel to Alaska to survive  out in the wild.  There was a lot of wonderful description of the ruthless  environment in Alaska.  Jon Krakauer used Chris's diary towards the end to  capture what was really going on and what really happened to Chris while he  was living off the land.  The only thing I would change about the book  would be the way Jon Krakauer organized the story because it gets confusing  when he skips from the future and then changes to the past.  If I were to  give any sort of tips on the organization of the book, it would definitely  be chronological order.  But if you like adventure and want to read  non-fiction, I would definitely recommend this book to anyone.
B00000K19E|4.0|The movie is one of my favorites, the special effects are out of this world and I can't wait to see something else from the people who made this movie.<br />A word of warning though to anyone who plays there DVD's on a  Macintosh Computer. The DVD is not formated for the Mac, which is very  upsetting when all you can look forward to is watching this movie on DVD.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I keep reading how disappointed most other reviewers are with the lack of a Japanese/English subtitled track on the DVD version. I'll miss one as well, but I have to say that, as English dubbed versions of anime go, this  one was far, far above standard. At least with the English version, my  daughter can follow it. It's harsh for kids, no doubt, but I think it  teaches incredibly important lessons about balance and shades of grey.  Humankind and the natural world are, for better or worse, forced to  cohabit. How we do it so that we can all survive is the question. I think  this film goes a long way toward examining that question, and it finds, as  in reality, no easy answer. Sometimes the best answer is...I don't know.  Maybe our kids will figure it out where we've failed...maybe they'll even  do it with the help of insights gained from this amazing film.<br />I agree  with others in that it's no movie for a typical kid--real depth of  understanding of complex concepts and a somewhat thick skin are definitely  required. <br />Bravo Miyazaki! This will go on our shelves with every other  wonderful film you've given us!
0792839730|5.0|While the title of my review may be a bit outlandish, I do very much enjoy this film. It is my favorite of all time. I usually watch &quot;Bridge Too Far&quot; two to three times a week whether my wife wants me to or not. I also have an interest in World War II re-enacting. My impression is that of  British paratrooper. <br />This film is quite accurate and follows Cornelius  Ryan's text, but there are some minor details that aren't in the book. The  character &quot;General Ludwig&quot;, I believe was based on the following  two German officers who were present at the battle: Lt. Col Harzer of the  9th SS Hohenstaufen Division and Major Gen. Harmel of the 10th SS  Frundsberg Division. These were the two armored divisions that were in  Arnhem at the time of Market Garden. Likewise, the character  &quot;Harry&quot;, British second-in-command at the bridge, was based on  Major Digby Tatham-Warter, who did in fact carry an umbrella with him into  combat. The charater Col. Bobby Stout was not a real person in the 101st  Screaming Eagles at Son. Yet, these are minor &quot;creative  licensing&quot; details and do not take away from the film.<br />While some  have commented that the film appears disjointed and does not flow, one has  to remember this film encompassed a battle that raged from September 17-26  - nine days. In my opinion Joseph E. Levine, producer, Richard  Attenborough, director, and William Goldman, the scriptwriter, wanted to  capture and emphasize the minor failures that led to the &quot;90 percent  success&quot; at Arnhem. I have read many accounts of the battle, not just  Ryan's book, and there are many factors that led to Market Garden's  ultimate failure. The writer and director don't have the time to show the  viewer all the details, so I believe there was an emphasis on those  failures that a non-military audience could understand. Such failures  included: the failure in the British's trust of Dutch intelligence (which  prior to Market Garden had been infiltrated by the Germans), the failure of  the radio system, the use of a single-lane highway, the failure to capture  the Son bridge in tact which delayed XXX Corps' advance for at least 36  hours, the failure of the 82nd Airborne to immediately capture Nijmegen  bridge, the landing zones eight miles from the bridge, the inability of the  British Airborne to reach the bridge at full force and the inability to  resupply the British Airborne at Arnhem. Based upon the numerous accounts  and details of the battle, I believe Attenborough and Levine captured the  essence of what Market Garden was about. Montgomery did want a single  thrust into Germany in an attempt to shorten the war. <br />Some have  complained about the large cast. I did not have a problem with this because  the actual battle had such a true cast of participants. Sean Connery looks  like Gen. R.E. Urqhart. Anthony Hopkins looks like Col. John Frost. Liv  Ullman looks like Kate ter Horst. Although Ryan O'Neil does overact in his  role as James Gavin, as one reviewer mentioned previously Gavin was a young  general. I have a special fondness for Hopkins as Frost, but I also enjoyed  Edward Fox as General Brian Horrocks. He did a masterful job of capturing  the zeal and enthusiasm of Horrocks. I really don't think the large cast  takes anything away from the film.<br />For those who enjoy this film as much  as I do, I strongly recommend other accounts of the battle. R.E. Urqhart's  &quot;Arnhem&quot; is solid as is John Frost's &quot;One Drop Too  Many.&quot; I also recommend &quot;The Devil's Birthday&quot; by Geoffrey  Powell.<br />While &quot;Bridge Too Far&quot; may not reach those same  standards set by today's World War II movies like &quot;Saving Private  Ryan,&quot; I think it still captures the essence of what happened during  Market Garden.
B00001OH7Y|4.0|While not my favorite Bowie work, this CD holds up well over time and bears periodic listening.<br />The new remaster sounds fabulous, unlike the Ryko disc, which sounded awful. If the rest of his catalog is remastered  equally well, I'll probably repurchase it.<br />We move as in a vacuum/ Until  our ripples return like wrinkles/ To remind us that it's no game...
B000003N69|5.0|despite what some of the other reveiws might lead you to beleive this album is way more approachable than quite a bit of late period coltrane. it's much closer to 'sun ship' or 'stellar regions' (a maginificent  collection,more accessable than the reveiws on this site, and priggish  traditionalists might want you to think) than to 'meditations' or  'om'.<br />questions of ease of listening aside, this is great stuff. coltrane  shows every sign of having moved into yet another period of devleopment and  rasheid ali thrashes the drum as though they insulted his mom.and there are  none of pharoh sanders histrionics to get in the way. the more you listen  to it the more you'll like it. and reveiwer below was right to recommend  cline and bendians 'cover' album.<br />don't wait...just buy it!
B00000J7SS|5.0|There is very little left to say about this album that has not already been said, but I'll put in my two cents. It is beautiful, intoxicating, frightening, and wonderful all at the same time! If you don't like it at  first, give it a little bit of time. It will soon have a permanent  residency in your disk changer!
B00000K19E|5.0|We recently bought a DVD player and the first movie we bought was this one. It is a visually stunning movie with amazing special effects so the perfect movie for this format. There is alot on the disc, unfortunately you  need a DVD-ROM player as well to enjoy half of it.  I was alittle bitter at  first but I really shouldn't complain because the movie and extras on the  disc are great.
B00000255X|4.0|For any other artist, Desire would be a career high. But, because it follows Blood on the Tracks (and comes from the man who brought you Highway 61 and Blonde on Blonde), it is merely excellent. Hurricane is far and away  the best song. All of the songs are good, unfortunately, there are too many  slow songs and that makes the album drag a bit. But, the bottom line is:  any album with &quot;Hurricane&quot;, &quot;Isis&quot;, &quot;Black Diamond  Bay&quot;, and &quot;Sara&quot; is one worth having in your collection.
6305718954|5.0|I was half expecting some cheap version of The Exorcist (whichscared me witless more than 25 years ago) but this is so much moreprofound. No gorefest, no ridiculous cgi, just human weakness and human greed.<br />So what do you do when you find a new gospel, Jesus' own words at that and one that will attack the church's core? This is the story of an everyday girl (played wonderfully well by Arquette)who becomes possessed and starts to exhibit stigmata. Trouble is that stigmata only appear on the devout and Arquette is an atheist. Along comes Byrne (also great) to unravel the mystery - an ex-scientist turned Father - but he becomes drawn into a cover-up on a massive scale.<br />The effects are minimal and well done. The story is gripping. The DVD is provided with deleted scenes and an alternative ending (which I preferred) along with a music video.<br />This is an excellent movie, haunting, thought provoking and well played. Whatever your religious disposition you should watch it.
0800184327|5.0|&quot;Dance With Me&quot; was a really great movie that worked on manylevels. It had great music, an enthusiastic, fun-loving cast, a great storyline, believable characters, sensitivity, romance, and a happy ending.  This was accomplished without the use of gratuitios sex, violence, and bad language that seems to be all too common in todays movies of lesser character. Vanessa L. Williams was great as dancer Ruby, and Chayanne was wonderful and romantic as her male love-interest, though he did have a tendency to smile way too much. They were amazingly romantic, full of chemistry, Chayanne was very convincing in his role as a man with dubious parentage. Chayanne is hot, yes, but even hotter was the man who played Vanessa L. William's ex-partner, the father of her son, and competetion partner during the Latin dance contest sequence. He is an extremely sexy man!  I only wish that he, Valenzuela (the male Valenzuela--not the woman one), could have gotten WAY more screen time.  This movie makes you want to get up and dance.  It moves you in more ways than one.  I've watched it at least twenty-five times since it was released (very limitedly in the theaters), and I will watch it, no doubt, twenty-five more times before it's all over. This is a fantastic, glamourous movie, and if you prefer a little &quot;ethnicity&quot; in your movies as opposed to formulaic movies like &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; or &quot;Dirty Dancing,&quot; and if you want to hear great Afro-Carribbean-Latin sounds and see some of the best dancers in the world, this movie is for you.
B000002H70|5.0|This is the best non-compilation Cure cd they have made. It's somewhat dark, but it's beautiful. None of the songs disappoint, and Robert Smith is at his melancholy finest. Very very good.
B00000IWVS|5.0|I have never been quite happy with pianists; it seems I should love much of the piano repertoire from Bach through Ravel and Rachmaninov.  I have some things from Horowitz, Rubinstein, Ax, and Van Cliburn, but they don't  give me feeling the excitement the music seems to promise.  Last year I got  this Argerich recording (thanks to Amazon's audio abilities).  Now this is  a great pianist...what a sound, what passion, how lyric, dynamic...and there is  movement, tension that drives the music-something similar to Toscanini.  Emotionally the playing is smoldering; at times blazing, and at other times  so delicate and meaningful you could cry.  And it all seems so natural, so  right.  I have gone on to buy many of her other recordings-and they all  bring me tremendous satisfaction.  In fact Argerich has inspired me to go  and listen to other pianists with a renewed interest to hear their  interpretations.  But for me she plays on a level above the rest.
B000002L7V|5.0|Album number three proved to be the lucky charm for Dio's career. 'Holy Diver' was a gust of fresh air but 'Last In Line' came across a little stale. 'Sacred Heart' finds the group still revelling in their  occult-flavoured essence only this time more than enough of an effort is  put in to present the songs with impressive zest and novel style. <br />      Okay, so there's still the old formula present in both substance and  sequence. 'King of Rock And Roll' is analogous to 'We Rock' and 'Stand Up  And Shout'; 'Sacred Heart' is the 'Holy Diver' etc. but there's something  new in the sound.             More keyboard input is what it is. Claude  Schnell's work adds a dimension to the album that makes its sound more  grandiose, more album-cut oriented and certainly less accessible or  identifiable as pop metal. 'Hungry For Heaven' is the exception to this,  but even at that it's a wonderfully catchy track. <br />     The best track  has to be the title one. Six plus minutes of Dungeons and Dragonsesque  imagery conjured by Dio's metapoetic lyrics and an anthemic rhythm provide  'Sacred Heart' with a quality unheard on any other Dio song.        Other  strong tracks include 'King of Rock And Roll', 'Rock 'N' Roll Children',  'Shoot Shoot' and the utterly electrifying 'Just Another Day'. Metal heads  will still find a lot to enjoy in the remainder of the album, though.  Appice beats out a path through Dio's fantasy land, leaving Campell's and  Bain's axework to pave a yellow brick road of demons, spells and quasi  mythology.<br />      This is the only Dio album which can do no wrong. By  1985, the band had jelled with such strength that the cohesive forces at  work noticeably augment the power of the music. 'Sacred Heart' represents a  peak in, not just Dio's career, but in the genre. In the last year or so  before pop/glam metal poisoned the whole scene, this is the definitive  album to own: a great golden milestone at the end of a long and hard fought  journey. The whole record is a portal to a realm of metaphysics and  demonoloy because it's so vivid and otherworldly.<br />     Buy it now and  wonder how you made do beforehand.
6305627401|1.0|Worst movie ever. if you bought this its a sin. they mock God and Jesus. its un Godly
0446310786|4.0|I believe that the book was excellent.  The characters were detailed and very realistic.  Scout, the main character, presents the novel as an adult looking back, which helps the reader see exactly what a child would see,  and learn exactly what a child would learn.  Through the book, many  injustices are seen, and it really helps you to understand why it is so  important to &quot;walk in other people's shoes&quot;.  Over all, the book  was excellent, very exciting, and entertaining!
B000002RXS|4.0|Like the poster below, I am a loyal Callas fan, and Carmen being one of my favourite operas, it seemed natural that this set was destined to be mine eventually.  I think, upon listening to the recording a few times, that  this is a case where the acting truly surpasses the vocalizing in terms of  Callas' performance.  The role, one designed for a dramatic mezzo, suited  Callas very well range-wise and characteristically due to her obviously  rich mid-range and exceptional ability in portraying a seductive and  intriguing woman.  Unfortunately, this recording was made so late in her  career that her voice was not near as obedient as it had been in her prime  and therefore has a tendency of &quot;flopping&quot; occasionally,  especially around her break (the Sequidilla displays this most  dramatically).  Overall, however, vocal inferiorities aside, the  performance is very compelling.  A little bit disappointing when compared  to what Callas had been capable of only ten years before, but still very  much above average and certainly worth listening to.  Callas still exhibits  adequate control over her instrument and the rest of the cast, with  Prtre's conducting, are combined in such as way that when examined as a  whole, this could be one of the great Carmens.  Gedda, although not one of  the best tenors or all time for sure, is vocally very much a foil to  Callas; she being a poignant seductive hussy, and he, conveying a feeling  of inconsistancy (dramatically, not vocally) and hopelessness.  The choral  sections, especially in the first act, are really extraordinary and support  the lead singers very beautifully.  You will probably love this recording  the first time you listen to it, or if you have not had any extreme  exposure to the 'great' Callas, and will also appreciate it for what it is  if you have both of these things.
6303109950|5.0|This is the first review I have done for a movie. I picked this one out solely for the fact that it is the most under rated movie I have ever seen.  I have never heard this movie advertised befoe it came out.  WHY!  This  was possibly the greatest western movie I have ever seen.  (This coming  from a huge Clint Eastwood fan)  The cover of the movie quotes KLOP-TV in  LA saying &quot;One of this years top 10 movies&quot;!  To me it was the  best movie that year by far.  Best performance I have seen Kurt Russell do.   As good as he was, Val Kilmer acted cirles around him.  If you have never  seen this movie because there was no big hype, forget all that, buy it.   Great movie.
6302424887|5.0|Wow! The liberties Polanski has taken with the Bard's classic have really floored me. This is truly a revelation. Our English teacher showed us this after we had completed our studies on the play, and I wasn't expecting a  film half as good as this one. The movie has made waves for it's gore,  violence, bleakness ( hey, it's a tragedy!), and Lady Macbeth's nude  sleepwalking scene, but it's all done by a man who is totally in tune with  what Shakespeare was trying to get accross. Although some scenes/lines have  been dropped from this adaptation (such as Lady Macbeth telling Macbeth she  would bash her baby's brains out if she had given her word to do so, or the  rather humorous relay between Macduff and Malcom), and some things have  been slightly altered (such as when Macbeth laments that his wife should  bring forth men-children only, is now an Aside), but it all fits together  so well that it is barely noticable (although I did slightly miss them).  Every scene from the play has been brought to beautiful life. Moments like  the exchange between Banquo and Macbeth, while Lady Macbeth is drugging  Duncan's gaurds, are highly inventive and imaginative. As well, I have  never been so entertained by the porter in any adaptation of Macbeth  before! I could go on and on, yet I am limited to only 1000 words in this  review, which is not enough by any stretch of the imagination to review  this fine film. Do yourself a favour and see this movie, those of you who  know Macbeth will fall in love with this vivid re-telling of Shakespeares  tragedy, and make new fans out of the un-initiated. Oh, I almost forgot,  the last scene is one of the most unexpected and suprizing endings I have  ever seen, and further solidifies Polanski's brilliance here. Truly one for  the ages. A classic.
6304082428|5.0|I am a man, and yes I loved this movie.  I bought this movie for my wife and really never intended to watch it myself.  But I caught bits and peices of it here and there, next thing I knew, it drew me in.  Since I bought it,  I've probably watched it a dozen times.  Very enjoyable, clean movie.  Well  worth the money.
B000021Y74|5.0|I loved this movie!  Not only was I fascinated with Lola's hair, but this movie was captivating. A fresh, simple story line with a pulsing soundtrack (in which the director and Franka sing) make this movie one of the most  exciting I've seen in a long time.
B00003CX59|5.0|I really enjoyed this film. I like to call it a &quot;beautifulmovie&quot; It had beautiful actors, costumes, sets, and even the way they spoke was beautiful!  It wasn't as frightening as it seemed in the trailer (the trailer freaked me out. when i saw the trailer, i thought the movie was going to be too scary to see)I loved all the humor. Anywho, this is a MUST SEE!  I don't recommend it for small children. Most kids ages 10+ could handle this movie.<br />Never mind the Oooga Booga
6301966562|4.0|I liked this movie so much that when I got my first computer I named it &quot;Edgar&quot;.  This is a great romantic comedy and made me a Virginia Madsen fan.  The sound track is fabulous even for an aging baby boomer like  me.  I, too, am waiting for the price to come down so I can purchase the  movie.
B00004RGUU|2.0|I watched this &quot;classic&quot; after hearing that it was such a good movie.  Where's the beef?  I fell asleep half way through it, then forced myself to watch it.  <br />Yes Redford and Newman are attractive, and in other  movies they are superb actors, but this movie just did not move me.
B000002UZ6|5.0|When I saw Tina Turner on the Foreign affair farewell tour in 1990 I could never imagine she would still be touring and hitting charts worldwide in the year 2000. Now I am convinced she will still be performing in 2010. Why  ? Because she is a performer and can not live without it. If you missed all  these decades of Tina Turner start by buying this cd with the best of her  capitol records period, buy yourself a &quot;best of Ike and Tina  Turner&quot; cd and enter a world of fantastic music.  Soon you will start  collecting all her albums from 1960 to 2000 and you will have a whole life  of pure listening enjoyment. Note that the European &quot;Simply the  Best&quot; has other songs on it than the US Version.
B000009ED0|4.0|the song only god knows is a song that can  be related to many ppl in many ways i think it shows the truth about what ppl think thay see but only thought they knew;&lt;{)
4789009637|5.0|I am currently in a college course which uses this as our sole text book, and it is extremely useful.  With lessons in class paired with the book's chapters, new concepts are picked up comfortably, and are then used  throughout the rest of the chapters, providing a cumulative effect that  really lets you feel like you are making progress.  Also included are kanji  in the back of the book for each chapter, allowing you to fill out your  reading/writing skills as you see fit. All in all, a wonderful text!
0375751513|1.0|Well, I had to read this book for a school assignment.  I'm not really sure what I expected from this book, but I know I didn't get it.  This book shows the true demoralization of our society- past and present.  The  absloute worst part of the book (about 90% of it) was the long, monotonous,  verbose speeches that consisted of the characters'ideals that were just  &quot;off the mark&quot; by a little.  I would not suggest reading this  book, partly because of the boring content, but mostly because of the fact  that I still haven't found a plot.
B000002GVO|4.0|This is an excellent recording for the most part.  Hotel California, the song is one haunting tale of paradise lost.  Life In The Fast Lane and Victim of Love are two of the coolest songs ever written.  Wasted Time is  an underaated gem of a ballad and New Kid In Town has some pretty gutiar  embellishments.  However, the other three songs are just rate as OK status  and truthfully the Wasted Time Reprise, where beautiful is execution, is an  obvious filler track.  Why couldn't these guys come up with one or two more  tracks?<br />As a whole this is a strong recording, but I prefer the badly  underatted and greatly diversifed, On The Border album where styles galore  are explored.  None the less this is a 4 1/2 star album that should belong  in most comprehensive music collections.
B000002B7U|4.0|The lack of heaviness does not take anything away from the great musical quality of this album;here Ozzy the songwriter is completely revealed while Lee's fretboard skills never cease to amaze.What this album lacks in noise  and distortion,it gains in mood,atmosphere and inspiration.
B000023VR6|3.0|This album is about half full of interludes and fillers, but it's still tight enough.  It didn't have what the Chronic had though. My list of top tracks on this album are in order as follows: Forgot About Dre(of course),  What's the difference, Bang Bang, f you, Still Dre, Big Ego's and Murder  Ink.  Snoop and Eminem rip it up as always while other's are a little stale  and sound exhausted.  It's no chronic but it's ok
B000000OU0|4.0|Their 1994 reunion and subsequent tour was a dream come true.This gem of an album documents the reunited brilliant musicians and poets whose cinematic music defined the seventies and rock history.The Eagles in prime  form...
0876855575|5.0|Bukowski was the best and worst all at the same time.  At his worst he was a caricature of himself...a cruel, disgusting drunk...a wasted talent.  His writing a useless desensitized trail of semantics.  However, at his best,  Charles Bukowski wrote with the urgency, honesty and clarity no other  artist has achieved in the entire ludicrous history of literature.  <br />Ham  and Rye is an example of the latter...a thinly disguised auto-biography, it  is the prose of a writer at the peak of his craft.  Each sentence  resounding  with a voice and character that readers immediately recognize  as Bukowski. It is sad and humorous at the same time and it is unimaginably  good.  Without a doubt, the best novel ever written by a man who you will  find to be one of the most engaging authors of all time.
B000002B7Y|3.0|Even though at this point in time Ozzy's voice was showing signs of wear and tear,Zak Wylde's guitar performance takes no prisoners here on tracks such as'Miracle Man','Bloodbath In Paradise'.But there are also some minor  cuts here,such as 'Demon Alcohol,making this album one of his heaviest,yet  a mixed bag.
B000002LIM|5.0|You won't be disappointed at all with this soundtrack.  It has just as much suspense, drama, and action as the movie, maybe more.  From the ever-famous batman theme, to the stirring end credits, you will feel like  you're in Gotham City.  Don't miss out, buy it today!
B000002KLP|4.0|His late seventies albums as well as his output throughout the eighties could do no wrong;1980's'Dirty Mind'is a prime example of the tremendous power and inspiration of an amazing artist able to tap into the very  sources of creativity.
0399229191|4.0|My two-year-old and I love this book.  It's about a spider who blows in, lands on a fence post, and spends the entire day building a web.  She keeps working as various animals tempt her to do other things.  At the end of the day, she catches a fly in her web and then falls asleep, tuckered out from  her busy day.  This book has several things going for it.  First, it is a  very simple narrative, making it one of the first stories that your child  will be able to understand.  Second, it is repetitive.  Toddlers LOVE  repetition and it is good for them.  It helps them stay focused on the  story, and gives them a chance to &quot;read&quot; something themselves,  because they will naturally recite the repetitive bits as you come to them.   Last of all, this book has several animals and the noises they make--very  important for that fund of knowledge you are building.  Oh, and I forgot  the kicker:  The spider web is made of some sort of 3D glue, making it  tactile.  My son loves running his fingers along it.  I would have given  this book 5 stars, but I love Carle's THE VERY HUNGRY CATERPILLAR even  more!
B000002P6R|2.0|Who'd have thought that the death of Keith Moon would result in the death of that sacred institution called &quot;A great Who album&quot;? Obviously there are other reasons for the conspicuous absence of quality control on  post-Moon albums but Moon's high energy drumming is sorely missed  nonetheless. Pete, God love him, regressed significantly in the lyric  department as is evidenced by the stupidity of &quot;Did You Take My  Money&quot; and &quot;Cache Cache&quot;. One gets the feeling Pete just  doesnt care and that the songs he did contribute to the album (with the  exception of &quot;You Better You Bet&quot;, &quot;Another Tricky Day&quot;  and &quot;Don't Let Go The Coat&quot;) were rescued from the wastebasket.  Very disappointing.
B000002BFZ|4.0|I get tired of people saying the great band of the 1990's is Nirvana. Hog wash, Pearl jam by far, is the band of the 1990's and No code shows why. This album shows that they are not a single minded band that every album  produce, they sound like everything is wrong in the world.This album shows  that every angry grunge acts have to grow up. Just like some the great 80's  bands like Def Leppard, Van Halen, and Metallica had to revolutionize their  music even if their pricky fans want to hear the same old songs. At this  point of their music career, this album not only shows maturity but  understanding. From the song &quot;who you are&quot;, which emphasizes self  identity to &quot;Smile&quot; which is the best song of the album which  deals in trying to work out a relationship. This is a good album. They show  why Nirvana is not here anymore and Pearl Jam is. They are true to  themselves and dont sell out to MTV. And to all those Pearl Jam fans that  dont like this album because it different from ten, two words, grow up.
0881032565|5.0|This book will be the most exciting book that you will ever read.  You will never be able to figure out who the murder is.  Agatha makes you think the killer is one person, then suddenly that person us dead.  And Then  There Were None is about eight people who are invited to a weekend vacation  party at a mansion on a small island, about a mile from a little town  called Striclehaven in Devon, England.  Whenthe guests arrive, they figure  out that the host isn't there, and that each of them recieved a letter from  a different person.  The guests weren't the only ones there though.  There  was also a maid and butler (Mr.and Mrs. Rogers), who had just arrived the  day before the other gusets arrived there.  Mr. Rogers said that he had  just received a letter in the mail from the owner of the island.  It said  that he wouldn't be able to make it, and that they were supposed to stay  there and have a good time.  Then suddenly people started to die.  The  first one dies of poisoning and the next one dies from the same thing, but  asleep.  At first they think that the people comitted suicide, but then  they figured out that they are murdered.  Somebody poisoned them.  They  then think that the murder is somewhere on the island, but where?  They  then searched the island and they didn't fond anyone.  The murder is among  them. Some insane killer had brought them all together and now was going to  kill them.  As you can see, it is a very exciting book.  It is aslo  very clever.  Like how the murder kills people.  The murder had put a old  nursery rhyme in everybody's room.  It was called &quot;The Ten Little  Indians.&quot; At first nobody noticed the rhyme, but later
6305181772|4.0|the movie was entertaining for an action flick but the DVD quality is pretty bad. Constant pixel crawl along edges was very distracting and the dialogue was behind the actors lips on numerous occasions.
B000002UCE|4.0|Though there are some very fine songs here (the classic Imagine, Gimme Some Truth, Jealous Guy and Oh My Love), there are also some songs that don't hold up (the ackward How?, I Don't Want to Be A Soldier, and the  hackneyed and predictable It's So Hard).  These three songs would never  have appeared on a Beatle album.  <br />However, this remains John's most  accessable album, and I'm really looking forward to the remixed version
B00003Q438|5.0|I just recently purchased the DVD of the Special Edition of 'The Abyss.'  It is just as good--or better--than my laserdisc copy of same.  By the way, our &quot;Viewer from Crowley, Louisisna&quot; is mistaken.  Both versions  of the film on this disc are available in both Dolby Surround and Dolby  Digital 5.1.  The special features in this edition are more extensive than  on the Special Edition laserdisc--easier to access, as well.  All in all, a  Best Buy.
0140283587|2.0|It's a shame that an author capable of such hilarious and wry prose -- &quot;it would be pretty stupid to get lynched purely because you were trying to avoid getting robbed&quot; -- has wasted his talents on the trite  tales of such an unlikeable bunch. I cringed through the entire book and  finished feeling that neither I nor Dave the Traveller had learned anything  from his trip to India.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This is one of Tim Burton's best; second only to EdwardScissorhands.  This has secured Burton as my favorite director.  Itwas freaky, humorous, and gory-what more could you ask for.  The horseman is now the best character ever seen in a movie. With or without a head.  Johnny, Chris Walken, and Rick Heinrich's production design are all excellent. This is definetely the best looking movie ever made!  It's gory, but tastefully done. It just won an OSCAR for art direction so buy this one on DVD and watch it every single day. Danny Elfman also deserves credit for creating one of the best scores EVER.  His twisted musical tour de force matches perfectly with Burton's vision.
6305784078|4.0|The Aristocats is a warm, charming classic.  It isn't as flashy as the newer films, but it's funny and entertaining, and unlike many other Disney pictures, isn't particularly frightening to sensitive children. The  characters are colorful and fun, but like other older Disney films, there  is some subtle, &quot;harmless&quot; ethnic stereotyping. Nevertheless it  is a favorite and definitely deserves a place in every Disney collection.
B000007OY0|5.0|Brilliant film, absolutely brilliant!  I enjoyed it, I really did. The plot about the wife-killing banker is excellent. I really enjoyed this, and  'tis a must for everyone to watch!
B000002L7G|4.0|A stroke of genius- but only for brief moments. If your'e sick of th same, predictable pop-music you will love this album. It is subtle, relaxing (not boring), interesting and very well written.
6304712936|5.0|I loved Amadues. It's been my favourite movie since I was 6(I am 13 now!) I think they really did do a superb job in making the scenes look like it's 18th/19th Century style, and how Mozart's life was even more exciting that  you could see the movie!<br />I really enjoyed it!
B00000J7J4|5.0|After 30 years and several &quot;good&quot; albums, Santana has put out one of the best albums of all time, in my opinion even better than their debut self titled album. The rythyms and subtle effects backed by a solid  bass beat make me feel like dancing along to the music, and I DON'T DANCE!  If there is one album that is sure to please, this is it! There is no song  on this album that is uninteresting or that drags along. My personal  favorite is &quot;Migra&quot; - with its driving drums and great guitar  work.
B00003CWPR|4.0|no other director could of made this movie happen the way it did but stanley kubrick. in his last directing role. stanley takes us on a journey with tom cruise and nichole kidman through the world of self discovery and  sexual lifestyles of todays society. there are millions of terrific points  to this movie but one i like to point out is to watch what a great actor  tom cruise has become from his stereotype roles in top gun and days of  thunder. i recommend any kubrick or cult film fan to try Eyes wide shut.
0783240287|5.0|The DVD of Joesph is as far as I am concerned one of the best transfers of a stage show to film and even better than the video of CATS.  Watching Joseph is almost like watching a live action cartoon with all the  characters beautifully and humorously defined.  Donny Osmond as Jospeh is  stunning, he sings well and looks good in the role, however Maria Friedman  is a revelation - I have seen her in numerous things on stage in London,  and was unsure as to how she would come across on film, but she captures  your attention as soon as she appears and doesn't let go until the end.  Cameo appearances from Richard Attenborough and Joan Collins are superb, if  brief! The supporting cast are also excellent, hamming up there roles to  full effect.  It is beautifully filmed, in vivid colours and the director  keeps the pace throughout the film.  The 30 minute documentary on the DVD  about various school productions is fun, tho it would have been nice to  have 30 mins of The Making of the Film instead. This is a pacy,fun  filled,colourful 100 minutes of unchallenging nonsense and if your in 2  minds as to whether or not to get this DVD, BUY IT - you won't be  disappointed!
0670824399|5.0|This is a very interesting and exciting book. It talks about a young girl who would rather read a book and go to school than to stay home all day and look at televisioon. This girl has a very tuff life at first, until she finds a person, her teacher, who's life isn't very much different than  hers. Matilda's parents are people who love to watch telivison all day long  and they only care about money. Her parents really don't appreciate her  that much. They wanted her to be exactly like them. She has a brother who  takes after her parents. Her teacher believes that Matilda is a very young  educated girl for a child who is in a way neglected. Her teacher knows  exactly what Matilda is going through, since she lost her parents at a  young age and had to live with her wicked aunt. This book teaches us that no matter how tuff  life can be you can always find happiness one way or another.       I think  that this book is a very good book. It is also very exciting. I give this  book five stars. The reason I give this book five stars was because I never  really thought that a kid could love to read and go to school. This book  taught me to appreciate things more. For example, I am very lucky to have  parents that would allow me to read and would allow me to go to school.  This book really influenced me and I'm sure that it would influence a lot  of young children out there.
B00003CX95|5.0|One of the best films of all times. Gibson has shown us what ittakes to be a great director and a best actor. Two thumbs up forGibson and the rest of the crew!
B00000064G|5.0|Yeah, a VW add, SO WHAT?  If I had never seen the add, I wouldn't know of the genius of this wonderful artist. <br />I listen to a lot of music - all kinds. But what I search for is music that can touch my spirit. I have no  explanation as to why the 20 seconds of &quot;Pink Moon&quot; that I heard  on that ad ripped through my soul in the way that it did. But it did.<br />It  sent me on a quest to discover who that artist was. VW provided that  information on their web site - and then pointed me here. So I could  actually own that wonderful music.<br />It is very seldom that music can move  me in this way. It doesn't matter how you come about hearing music for the  first time, but that you recognize  the wonder in the music that moves you.  <br />No one made you buy a VW, did they?<br />I can't wait to hear more of Nick  Drake and to tell all of my friends about his great music. (I'm also  secretly psyched that Nick Drake didn't turn out to be a  20-Something! )<br />Surprises like this are what makes life worth living!
1885283148|5.0|I admit it, I took this book out from the school library when I was 12 and still have it 20 years later. Even at five cents a week, the overdue fees are not worth thinking about. As a schoolkid in Lower Hutt, New Zealand,  not many of us dreamed we could ever be astronauts. After reading this  book, I did. It didn't matter that by the early 1980s when I read Carrying  the Fire there was no manned space programme to speak of. It didn't much  matter that I didn't become an astronaut, just a military pilot.<br /> What  matters is that Colins's story touched, inspired and motivated me to  believe I could do anything I put my mind to, and showed that there's more  to success than glory, adulation or being the one kids can remember in  history quizzes.<br /> Good on you, Michael Collins. You're an inspiration.  All you Amazonians out there who've leapt onto the space history  band-chariot since Apollo 13/Earth to the Moon, take note. This is where it  started. Find a copy and read it (just don't bother trying to get one from  the Hutt Valley High School Library - it's out on loan right now.)
B00000JCB2|1.0|&quot;Significant Other&quot; is a terrible record.  The song writing is pathetic, the guitar work is sloppy and amateruish.  Fred Durst is nothing more than a Vanilla Ice with an edge.  Limp Bizkit is just another MTV  driven band with no talent.  They have yet to have a hit that they wrote  themselves.  This album defines pathetic.
6303014100|5.0|OUTSTANDING!   Although &quot;Gettysburg&quot; does not follow every aspect of the battle, the depiction of the personal struggles in the midst of fierce battle make this a video everyone should own.  Perfect with one  exception.  Martin Sheen displays none of the qualities that so endeared  the confederate soldiers to Lee.  His faith in the Bible looked cultish,  and Sheen (as Lee) appeared to be mentally unbalanced.  In regards to Lee,  a poor performance and poor casting.  The casting and performances of  others more than made up for Sheen; especially Jeff Daniels as J.L  Chamberlain.  BUY THIS VIDEO!
6300268993|5.0|Superman II, is an epic conclusion to the first film thatshould have concluded the series. Superman III and IV were disgracesto the name Superman.<br />Gene Hackman delivers a brilliant performance as Lex Luther, and Sarah Douglas and Terrence Stamp turn in equal performances as the villians out to get Superman. Everyone has seen the film I'm sure, and if you have not, dont wait any longer. Watch the 1st then the second, and stop there. You wont be sorry.<br />It's a shame these are not on DVD yet, as the 5.1 surround and letterbox will make these films epics in film history.  END
6300213668|5.0|This is my favorite movie an always will be!  The first time I saw it I kept watching it over and over again.  I ended up knowing all the words to the songs and everything. John Travolta looks so HOT.  I could never watch  another movie again as long as I could watch this one!   its the  best  ever made!
0385486804|5.0|I choose the book INTO THE WILD from a list of books that was given to me by my professor.  The reason that I choose this book is because I really enjoyed the summery right away it allowed me to get a little taste of the  book which made me want to read the book.  The book his full of a lot of  action, suspense, stupidity, intelligence, and a big heart by the main  charcter Chris McCandless.  It takes you through the ups and downs of his  journey and leaves you wondering why.  This is a really good book it's  based on a true story and I really recommend it to all students and adults  if you are interested in non-fiction. (National Bestseller)
0792838068|5.0|Umm, this is an awesome movie.  Most of the time, you sit there and watch this dude going down the tubes, and you don't know what to do for yourself.  The Whole Year Inn, that kind of thing.  The guy's funny, but sad, too,  and that makes you so conflicted that you don't know what's up.  Tears and  laughs all together all over again.  And again.  The best part of the  movie.  Too many, really.  But there's a part of it that really pulls at a  lot of different parts of you.  They're in a casino and he's kissing her up  against the slot machines.  But he goes nuts with her and knocks this  woman's bucket of quartes over.  When he's on the floor to pick them up,  Sera tells him that she loves him but he can't hear her: he's on the floor  with the quarters.  So, the end comes, and he barely gets it that she loves  him, and that is the whole tragedy, right there at the end but also all the  way through it.  I've got this movie on LaserDisc and video and I watch it  all the time.  People ask me, &quot;How can you watch such a depressing  movie all of the time?&quot;  I can't explain it.  This is the best movie  for lonely people, because it's about some really lonely people.  If I had  the money, I'd get it on DVD.
B0000024SI|5.0|From the opening shot gun bang that opens &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot;, &quot;Highway 61 Revisted&quot; is the ultimate journey through the creative mind of Mr. Dylan. Full of fasinating images and raw  blues playing this album never slows down nor does it cease to fully  entrance the listener.<br />The album has some incredible musicianship going  for it not to mention some great harmonica blends by Bobby. The songs are  so surreal and yet so poignant that you just can't help but marvel at the  creativy of the songs, even the ones that are a bit abstract.<br />I won't  list the songs, they're all great!
0553288105|5.0|or Robot universes.  I beleive this also the only novel, where Isaac Asimov introduces alien intelegence.  There are alien creatures living in the sun and suriving by eating sun's energy.  In the meanwhile, humans  discover new source of energy.  However, this new energy station will  present mortal danger to sun and human species.  So, an alien and the human  realize the truth and they try to talk sence to their civilizations.
B00000255X|4.0|&quot;DESIRE&quot; is a great album. Full of wonderful, captivating songs such as &quot;Hurricaine&quot;, &quot;Isis&quot;, &quot;Romance in Durango&quot;, &quot;Black Diamond Bay&quot; and &quot;Sara&quot;.<br />My  only problem is that &quot;Joey&quot; seems to be out of place on the  album. The song is interesting and decent on merit but doesn't really stay  in tempo with the rest of the albums superior material.<br />Bob recorded some  great songs during the &quot;Desire&quot; sessions which never made the  album that would have been more pleasing than &quot;Joey&quot; including  &quot;Golden Loom&quot; with Emmylou Harris(you can find this on the  &quot;bootleg series&quot;), &quot;Seven Days&quot; and &quot;Abandoned  Love&quot;(which can be heard on the &quot;Biograph&quot; three CD  collection).<br />Otherwise, a terrific album.
B000001G89|5.0|I doubt a better Carmen than Teresa Berganza has ever existed. No other mezzo is so vibrant, sensuous and vital as Carmen. She is the one folks!
B000023VR9|4.0|I think I just bought this cd for forgot about dre. but usually I find a cool song later on and then I am really happy I bought it. So if your a big fan of dr. dre, GET THIS CD! But if you have littler brotehrs or sisters,  like me, You should get the edtided version
B000000WGL|5.0|Keith Richards With Talk Is Cheap, Shows Who Is The Heart And Soul Of The Rolling Stones. Take It So Hard, How I Wish And Whip It Up Are Classic Open-G Keith/Stones Songs Along The Lines Of Brown Sugar Or Start Me Up.  Keith And Waddy Watchel Are Just Fabulous Guitar Partners And It Sounds  Like One Big Guitar On The Entire Album. Keith Flexes His Musical Influence  With The Funk Of Big Enough, The Chuck Berry Influence On I Could Have  Stood You Up Which Features Chuck Berry Pianist Johnnie Johnson, Keith Also  Shows His Tender Side With Locked Away And Make No Mistake, Sarah Dash Just  Shines On This Tune. It Also Features Keith's Stab At Mick With You Don't  Move Me, When The Glimmer Twin Feud Was At It's Pinnacle. This Is A Classic  Album Which Stones Fans Will Gobble Up As Well As Any Music Lover.
0385486804|5.0|Into The Wild was one of the best books that I have read in a long time.  All of the plots and the sub-plots make this book a great book to read for leisure and if you need a book to read for school.  The main Character in  this book is a young man name, Chris McCandless.  Chris brings a great  twist to this book.  He was in graduate school, but he drop out to become a  nomad.  Chris burns all his money and cuts off all contact with everyone he  knows and hits the road on a wild and adventures journey.  I would suggest  this book to everyone interested in reading a good and adventures book.   This book is easy to read and is also easy to understand.  So Into The Wild  is going to make you want to read all types of books that are similar just  go get this book.
0783240236|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock apparently spent the better part of two years trying to find subject matter that he felt would be worthy of a follow up film after 1960's PSYCHO.  He bought Daphne duMaurier's short story, &quot;The  Birds&quot;, and very quickly decided that he would only retain the title,  and the bird attack plot point.  Evan Hunter and Hitchcock crafted the  screenplay structure, and after a staggering amount of technical  pre-production, Hitchcock made THE BIRDS.  It opened to huge acclaim from  the public, if not critics, and is one of the master of suspense's best  remembered pictures.  As it should be.  And with the stunning new DVD  edition, this terrific movie at last gets the home video treatment it so  richly deserves.<br />The transfer is immaculately sharp and clear,  letterboxed at the 1.85:1 ratio used for theatrical exhibition, and the  mono digital sound is clean and vibrant.  The letterboxing actually  gives  the film more breathing room, and some of the sequences, especially the  complex technical passages such as the attack on the school, and the  spectacular attack on the town, have a visceral punch that's ratcheted up  by the clarity of the digital image and sound.  Don't be put off by the  many sodium process shots that were necessitated by the demands of the  screenplay; they are perfectly cut into the film, and give the movie a  primitive realism that is perfectly in keeping with Hitchcock's stylized  view of reality.  His films are all designed within an inch of their lives,  and the audience is all the better for it.<br />The extras on this collector's  edition are quite valuable.  A featurette entitled &quot;All About The  Birds&quot; presents interviews with actors Tippi Hedren, Rod Taylor,  Veronica Cartwright, along with various technical personnel, and is lively  and full of information about the film's production.  Also featured are  Tippi's screen test, production notes, a trailer, and web links.  This is  one package that beautifully showcases a film which gets better each time  you see it.
B000009QPE|5.0|As was said of Led Zeppelin:<br />&quot;They are a musical genre unto themselves. Of which, they are the lone occupants.&quot;<br />No comparisons. No imitators. No others. 'Reign in Blood' is to music what 'Revelation' is  to the Bible.
6305750750|5.0|How could you not like The Phantom Menice. It was the bestmovie I've ever seen! I liked the original Star Wars movies and TheEmpire Strikes back was my favorite movie for many years, untill The Phantom Menice came along.  This movie had everything, wonderful and exotic locations, plenty of action, one of the most intricate plotlines that I've seen in a long long time. I really liked Ja Ja Binks he was refreashing comic relief in such a busy movie. I thought Queen Amidala was a very strong role modal for young girls. People dogged the movie because of all the hipe but if they sit down and watch the movie with your friends and family you'll agree with me that this is the best movie ever.
6303407188|4.0|The fact that &quot;the studio is currently not producing this video&quot; is a perfect irony. Ed Wood is an acquired taste; but you can scarcely fail to admire anyone with that much determination &amp; belief in themselves. The fact that that belief was misplaced doesn't matter-Ed knew what he  wanted to do, and somehow managed to do it, against all odds &amp; in the  face of all criticism.   Of course his movies were terrible, but they DO  have a certan style. You know immediately that you're watching an Ed Wood  film. I have Glenn or Glenda, Plan 9 and Bride of the Monster on tape-I've  forced my friends to watch each of them, and they have all asked to borrow  the tapes repeatedly. I can't say the same for my  Truffaut/Bergmann/Hitchcock tapes!   Normally, I despise Tim Burton's work,  but he got it right this time. The casting is absolutely perfect-Martin  Landau richly deserved his Oscar. He doesn't just impersonate Lugosi, but  brings the character to life. The film faithfully captures the spirit of  independent productions, and refuses to take cheap shots at an easy target  for ridicule. The opening/closing scenes bracket the film nicely-a first  class effort, but a narrowly-focused target audience.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This movie was more than worthy of it's Oscar triumphs!  Kevin Spacey is magnificent as the suburban father in the midst of a mid-life crisis.  This is one of those unique films that draws you in and keeps you riveted to the  screen.  A wonderful piece of writing turned into a great movie!
B00000612P|5.0|Quite honestly Rod Stewarts best and most complete album.  From the moment the title track &quot;punches in&quot; to start the album...you know Rod is at his prime best.  This album contains one of the best songs Rod ever  penned, &quot;Mandolin Wind&quot; AND one of the best songs ever penned by  anyone,&quot;Reason To Believe&quot;.
B00002E233|3.0|I thought that Jaws was a great movie as I kind of liked that big old fish. This movies only drawback is with 3 starring attractions, none of the sharks get to develop a personality for the movie goer. They are only  sharks one, two, and three. Still, watching the sharks go after the  scientists that imprisoned them was kind of fun, and the &quot;gore and  blood&quot; scenes are so obviously computer generated that they did not  disgust me. Highly recommended for when you have friends over.
B000002UTH|4.0|Freaky Styley is definitely the funkiest album the Chili Peppers has ever made. it`s a great progession from their self titled debut. George Clinton did a great job showing the guys how to really funk it up. top tracks:  Jungle Man, The Brothers Cup, Catholic Schoolgirls Rule and Yertle the  Turtle.
0385493800|5.0|A wonderful novel showing what exactly is going on today.  It shows what death really means and how greedy people are.  I highly reccomend reading this book.  I am only a junior in high school and enjoyed it very much.  It  leaves you wanting more.  Grisham did a wonderful job and it shows that the  ones we don't see may be the one's we most care about.  Good Job John!
6305718954|5.0|Fantastic Film, worth every penny as we say in the UK. Great script, great acting, great photography, don't think about it just buy it! NOW!
0451169514|5.0|After finishing IT for only the second time, I feel I must add my comments to those listed below. I found this book to be one of the greatest fiction books I have ever had the pleasure of curling up with for several weeks and  reading (any book that can have me go through the full range of emotions  over and over again and then get me to spend weeks reflecting on thoughts  from the last two paragraphs has to rank up there). SK has managed to write  the scariest novel I have ever read but also weave in multiple underlying  themes (Good vs Evil, racial discrimination, the reality of childhood as  seen through the eyes of a child - who can forget the schoolyard bullies?)  that kept me thinking the whole way through the book. Rather than bore you  with a long review - just read the book you'll be glad you did (although  due to the mature and sometimes inappropriate content of a number of  scenes, I don't recommend this book for anyone under 13/14). As a parting  comment, the book is best summed up by my dilema - Which is scarier:  Pennywise or the reality of what happens to us as we grow up and leave  childhood behind?
B00003CWPR|1.0|The title says it all keep your eyes wide open because you will get bored so quickly they will slam shut. LONG AND BORING FILM for sale any takers. If all you want to see is Nicole and Tom well that's ok if you want to  waste your hard earned cash its ok if you want to stay awake do not waste  your money. Sorry guys you completely lost the plot.
6305268177|4.0|I purchased my DVD player the sole purpose of enjoying high quality pop and other concerts. I bought the Bee Gees &quot;One Night Only&quot; after listening to one or two tracks played on radio here in G.B. I was delighted  with the whole production whilst listening on my high quality two channel  stereo amplifier. I recently invested in Pioneer's best DTS and, having  heard the concerts in digital 5.1, I must say it's not as enjoyable to  listen to. The sound seems rather confused and lacks the warmth the stereo  version has. Still, a great DVD by a great group. But just the two ears are  enough.
B00000I9MK|5.0|belle and sebastian have been justifiaby accused of being a pretentious up their arse indie-schmindie band. no complaints there. but their haters often overlook the fact that they are one of the best bands the world has  ever seen. this album, undoubtedly their finest, just isn't long enough. 10  sublime tracks, you just want more. the state that i am in is a cult  classic among b&amp;s fans, lyrically obtuse, melodically superb, as are  the next 2, expectations and she's losing it, which are both about abuse or  harassment. you're just a baby is the most rocking moment of the album,  electronic renaissance is probably written by looper's stuart david, a  weirdish bit on a relatively conservative album. we rule the school is  slightly dull, but still ok. in my opinion though it is the worst song  here, also the slowest. thankfully, it is sandwiched by the 2 best songs  here, i could be dreaming and my wandering days are over.  ...dreaming is a  hauntingly beautiful song about, well dreams, but also touches on abuse and  wife beating. it features the beautiful isobel campbell reading an excerpt  from some book. many other reviewers have criticized her, saying her voice  is bad, but they are just jealous girls, cause she is very pretty and has a  gorgeous voice, as you will know if you have bought the boy with the arab  strap. my wandering days are over has the best tune ever written, and i cry  each time i here the last verse about belle &quot;doing it for businessmen  on the piano&quot;. they have created an imaginary world of 2 characters,  backed by their quaint liner notes, and it works. the final 2 tracks are  unspectacular but good. a masterpiece
B00001U0DP|5.0|Ciao Roberto. Quale onore mi fa leggere tutti questi positivi commenti su &quot;La Vita E' Bella&quot;. E' bello vedere come non solo gli italiani, ma tutto il mondo ha apprezzato e amato il tuo capolavoro. Volevo farti  tanti auguri per il tuo futuro, te lo meriti! Grazie da una tua fan  italiana! CIAO <br />Keep up doing GREAT movie like this Roberto! We all love  you!
0425129616|5.0|For lovers of 'cozies', this first adventure of the famous Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, is mother's milk. It is such an entertaining, such a comfy novel; that even though Agatha Christie has created others much bettter, one can still appreciate her masterful techniques from the very begginning.<br />The place is Styles Court, a great English country house in the village of Styles-St.-Mary, in Essex. The victim, Emily A. Inglethorp, the matriarch of the Cavendish family who has recently re-married. The suspects? Well, there are many, but her infamous new husband, Alfred Inglethorp, heads the list. The story starts with a re-telling acccount given by Captain Arthur Hastings, an old friend of Poirot, who ultimately brings him into the case to elucidate the murderer. As soon as Hastings arrives at Styles, he clearly senses that not all is well. His old friend John Cavendish tells him he is in financial trouble. John's wife, who conveys to Hastings \\"the impression of a wild untamed spirit in an exquisitely civilized body\\"; is entirely enigmatical. Emily's assistant, Evie, is a practical and matter-of-fact woman who \\"had a large sensible square body\\". Although we never really learn what such bodys look like, we can immediately picture them. Here, I find, lies one of the secrets of truly masterful character description. Even very early in the book, we come across the famous description of Poirot: \\"...hardly more than five feet, four inches...\\", with \\"the head exactly the shape of an egg\\", which \\"he always perched a little on one side. His moustache was very stiff and military.\\" He was so incredibly neat that \\"a speck of dust would have caused him more pain than a bullet wound.\\" The description of the characters is unique, and so is the great amount of interactivity among them. They are not a huge lot, but there's enough of them to give us a supply of good complications and 'red herrings': the sinister Mr. Inglethorp, the unimaginative John Cavendish and his perhaps too imaginative brother Lawrence, the servants, even the townsfolk. All the characters play their roles in due course, with none overshawing the others.<br />This is a very complete novel and, as such, is also very graphic. There are at least five illustrations created by the author, among plans of the house and handwritten letters. The reader has - apparently - all the clues at hand. This was very common at the time, as well as the titling of each chapter. It all works to provide us with the whole picture. Poirot displays his wits to no end (with quite a bit of activity I must say that we don't find in later novels), and the story - typical of the rules of a good mystery for the 1920's - ends happily for everyone involved except, maybe for Hastings; who seems to be looking for a wife but has no luck in finding the right one. Ah! No problem, mon ami, perhaps in the next adventure?o imaginative brother Lawrence, the servants, even the townsfolk. All the characters play their roles in due course, with none overshawing the others.<br />This is a very complete novel and, as such, is also very graphic. There are at least five illustrations created by the author, among plans of the house and handwritten letters. The reader has - apparently - all the clues at hand. This was very common at the time, as well as the titling of each chapter. It all works to provide us with the whole picture. Poirot displays his wits to no end (with quite a bit of activity I must say that we don't find in later novels), and the story - typical of the rules of a good mystery for the 1920's - ends happily for everyone involved except, maybe for Hastings; who seems to be looking for a wife but has no luck in finding the right one. Ah! No problem, mon ami, perhaps in the next adventure?
0375703764|1.0|What is all the hype about? This &quot;first novel&quot; is a derivative, contrived muddle that tries frantically to appear clever and original by tediously exploiting every known postmodern ruse but which at nearly every  turn consistently fails to deliver, leaving the reader with the same queasy  and unsatisfied feeling as if indulging in too much cheap junk food. The  unoriginality and ponderousness encountered in this book are on the same  scale as the rooms and passageways in the house it describes. I was bored  to tears by the obviousness and clumsy moral earnestness of it all. The  final subtext of this book--if you follow all the footnotes--is  desperation, the result of someone trying like hell to pull the wool over  your eyes for fear of revealing the only truly grim realization of this  horror story: it isn't written very well. The publication hype is as  shallow and faddish as the book. Save yourself 20 bucks.
6305750750|5.0|All I have to say about this movie is that it was SUPERB!   My wife and I enjoyed it so much.  It was enjoyable and full of exciting scenes.  We can not wait to get the collection in our home. This movie can be described in  one word:  AWESOME!
006016848X|1.0|The concept for this book was stolen from a book on hypnosis by George Kappas. Kappas has people divided into two groups based on the methods needed to induce a state of hypnosis. Kappas calls his two groups the  Physicals and the Emotionals. It is correct that people can be divided into  these two basic groupings, but the division is not by male &amp; female. In  his book, John Gray makes all men Physicals and all women Emotionals. This  is not correct. There are an equal number fo women who are Physicals and  and equal number of men who are Emotionals. John Gray's erroneous  stereotyping of men &amp; women by these categories is a great dis-service  in helping the sexes understand each other better. This book is trash.
B00003CXAT|5.0|Hey, I liked the book. I liked the movie. I would love to see the scenes that hit the floor.   I would love to see a 'making of..' snipet on DVD. I would love to see an interactive product that is as much fun as The Lost  World website was - this does not mean I liked that movie though. I can't  believe it's not available. 'Outland' is available on DVD! Shheessh I'm  willing to part with my cash and ....
0800141385|5.0|Barbra's performance in &quot;Funny Girl&quot; is stunning.  You can hardly take your eyes off of her and soar with her as she sings &quot;People,&quot; &quot;My Man,&quot; and &quot;Don't Rain On My  Parade.&quot;  The only problem with this video is that it was not released  in the widescreen format.  This film was made for widescreen viewing and so  (unforgivably) Barbra's head is off screen as she sings &quot;People.&quot;  It has been 32 years since the film was released. When will the WIDESCREEN  version come out on tape or DVD?
B000001FS3|5.0|ONE OF THE BEST ALBUMS OF ALL TIME.
1573226521|4.0|The Beach was an interesting book.  I thought it had wonderful descriptive writing.  The author, Alex Garland used great language to describe Mr. Duck.  The story is something that sounds like it would be fun for a while,  but overall, very scary. The main character, Richard is staying in a small  hotel in Bangkok. The man in the room next door gives him a map to a secret  island. Richard, and two others set off to find the island. The plot was a  little far fetched but that just added to the excitement. I don't want to  give away the ending, but believe me, you won't be disappointed. Alex  Garland also wrote The Tesseract, and I'm thinking of reading that one,  since this was such a great book. One thing about this book is that it has  some mature themes in it, like suicide, drugs, and bad language. If that  doesn't bother you, you should definetly read this book.
B00000J7J4|1.0|I have and always will listen to the OLD Santana from the 70'sand maybe even early 80's. Santana has been through 16 differentmakeovers, and he's finally decided to go solo - almost. Carlos has teamed up with the biggest radio-wonderboys alive. This album did not deserve a single grammy.<BR><BR>I URGE ANYONE WHO IS NEW TO THE SANTANA EXPERIENCE, OR A SANTANA VETERAN - DO NOT BUY THIS ALBUM. IT IS A DISGRACE TO LATIN ROCK.
0783113943|5.0|Angelina's work in this movie was the best I have seen yet. Gia was portrayed beautifuly. Everthing was done perfectly.
0446525537|1.0|Please, when you are writing a review for a books, do not give the story away!  People who are reading the reviews are trying to decide if they'd like to purchase and read the book.  Please be careful!
B000002J23|1.0|This was the first in a long line of weak efforts for Yes.  Without Anderson on vocals they end up sounding like a good Yes cover band.  Compositions are weak, lyrics trite, and performances uninspired.  Go to  their 70's output or even to the Keys to Ascension recordings, a noble but  sub-par effort.  Pass this one over...Simon
0061020710|4.0|This is my second time reading this awesome book. The first was when I was 17 and new to fantasy. This book played a huge role in getting me hooked. I had previously read only dungeons and dragons novels such as Chronicles,  and this was my first step away from that. It was the funniest thing I'd  ever read.<br />Now I am revisiting it as a 25-year-old and its still a blast  as his style and wit make a mockery of the epic fantasy most of us are used  to. It is so refreshing! I'd give it five stars, but as someone else says,  &quot;Pratchett gets better in later books.&quot;<br />Rincewind is a wizard,  but due to a technicality- he is unable to cast a single spell throughout  the book! Instead he manages to escape DEATH himself, a various assortment  of Diskworld's gods, thieves, assassins, a city-engulfing fire, magicians,  dragons, and monsters -thanks to an overly developed sense of cowardice and  some very odd allies. They include a four-eyed insurance salesman on  vacation, a talking sword, a demon camera, and a treasure-chest that run  and eat people! This may sound ridiculous, but it is so well done that  beginners and veteran fantasy readers alike will laugh aloud through out  this one.<br /> Read The Light Fantastic afterwards. It concludes what Colour  Of Magic starts without slowing down the pace and humor at all! And There's  more Rincewind books after that. They are next on my list!
0156907399|4.0|This book is essentially divided into two parts:  a day in the life of a British family and their guests at a seaside cottage, and ten years after the death of the matriarch, Mrs. Ramsay.  The writing is an example of 20th  century excellence.  The narrator may change from page to page, but the  reader always knows who is speaking.  Although some paragraphs are  incredibly long, in the Henry James style, there is clarity throughout.   Little essays are peppered here and there which can stand on their own.   The character of Mrs. Ramsay is central and is seen through her own  thoughts and through the thoughts of the others on one day.  In the second  half of the book, most of the original characters return to the house  sometime after Mrs. Ramsay's death and we feel their loss.  What is this  loss that they and we feel?  She has held up the potential and promise of  the destinies of the others, even though they may never reach it, a  lighthouse beacon which survives her mortality.
B00000K19E|3.0|To be brief, &quot;the Matrix&quot; is, at best, an &quot;OK&quot; action film with intellectual pretentions that come off sort of goofy-cyber-juvenile.  Still, it is alot of fun to look at (until you  realize the whole thing looks like a Playstation version of a Gap  commercial).  Keanu Reeves is at his &quot;pretending not to be a complete  stoner moron&quot; best and Mr. Fishburne looks very pleased to be making  so much money for such little acting effort.  The real star (human wise) is  the character of Trinity who is absolutely stunning to look at and has some  of the best martial arts moves.  But even the tough as nails Trinity  couldn't save me from feeling this film was basically a B-grade flick on a  A-grade budget.  Worse of all, it takes itself so deadpan serious that I  couldn't help but laugh through most of it. Still, if your looking for some  mindless techno-dystopic fun, see the film.  If you want something in the  same vein with a little more substance, try &quot;Blade Runner&quot; or  &quot;Cube&quot; or the animated films &quot;Ghost in the Shell&quot; or  &quot;Akira&quot;.
0156907399|4.0|This book is essentially divided into two parts:  a day in the life of a British family and their guests at a seaside cottage, and ten years after the death of the matriarch, Mrs. Ramsay.  The writing is an example of 20th  century excellence.  The narrator may change from page to page, but the  reader always knows who is speaking.  Although some paragraphs are  incredibly long, in the Henry James style, there is clarity throughout.   Little essays are peppered here and there which can stand on their own.   The character of Mrs. Ramsay is central and is seen through her own  thoughts and through the thoughts of the others on one day.  In the second  half of the book, most of the original characters return to the house  sometime after Mrs. Ramsay's death and we feel their loss.  What is this  loss that they and we feel?  She has held up the potential and promise of  the destinies of the others, even though they may never reach it, a  lighthouse beacon which survives her mortality.
6305750750|4.0|With all of it's flaws (and we all know there were a few) there is no denying that Episode 1 was still a good fantasy film.  Sure the tone was a bit childish at times, and the witty banter we came to expect from the  original trilogy was sorely missing, but it was still a good fantasy film.   It was still able to transport me back to the fantasy lands of my youth.   I'm not sure what else a summer fantasy/adventure film is supposed to do.   If it's supposed to make me altertnately dread and lust for a bleak future  in a strange twist of psychic self-mutilation (ala The Matrix), then i'll  take Jar Jar over Neo any day.  Besides, the Matrix looked like a 2 hour  long Gap commerical whereas Star Wars featured beautiful scenery, lush  backgrounds and a beautiful princess.  I guess I'm just an old  romantic.<br />As far as the flaws are concerned, what struck me as the films  biggest flaw was that it was basically a teaser or a warm up for what's to  come, which (cross fingers, knock on wood, levitate an x-wing) should be  absoultely incredible and heart-breaking.  The Phantom Menace seemed more  of a showcase of &quot;this is what we can do now&quot; than a well flushed  out story.  I hope Mr. Lucas and his pals really crank out an epic for  Episode II (&quot;Episode II - The Clone Wars&quot;? hint hint, hope hope).   Methinks the potential is good. At least, I hope so.
0156907399|4.0|This book is essentially divided into two parts:  a day in the life of a British family and their guests at a seaside cottage, and ten years after the death of the matriarch, Mrs. Ramsay.  The writing is an example of 20th  century excellence.  The narrator may change from page to page, but the  reader always knows who is speaking.  Although some paragraphs are  incredibly long, in the Henry James style, there is clarity throughout.  Peppered here and there are little essays which can stand on their own.   The character of Mrs. Ramsay is central and is seen through her own  thoughts and through the thoughts of the others on one day.  In the second  half of the book, most of the original characters return to the house  sometime after Mrs. Ramsay's death and we feel their loss.  What is this  loss that they and we feel?  She has held up the potential and promise of  the destinies of the others, even though they may never reach it, a  lighthouse beacon which survives her mortality.
B00001W0FD|5.0|This is the only film to cause me to suddenly realize the horrifying reality of what had befallen the heroine solely on the basis of a series of seemingly insignificant events.  It doesn't rely on glitzy special effects,   maniacal slashers,  repulsive monsters or the last minute plot twist .   Instead, it uses real life moody settings, creepy music, and a tremendous  story to scare the living daylights out of you.
B00003CWN3|5.0|This film blew me away.  It was painfully honest and brutal; two qualities, sadly, missing from most American films.  This is riveting film making and one that delivers its punches with a true sense of drama and  uncompromising integrity, never willing to shy away but, also, never  willing to sink to the lowest denominator for the sake of shock value.   Teena Brandon (a.k.a. &quot;Brandon Teena&quot;) was the victim of crime  but she is never portrayed as a pitiable creature.  Hilary Swank and  Director Kimberly Peirce steer clear of the leaden approach to tragedy so  often adopted by most filmmakers.  They elicit from the viewer a sense of  compassion and understanding without delving into cheap sentimentality,  vulgarity and horror.  The end result is a positively brilliant film, which  stirs passion and, even perhaps, ignites rage, yet, all the while, leads  one to wonder how it is possible that in this day and age such a tragedy  could have transpired.  The desolate location and simple and  straightforward camera work keep the film grounded and real, yet the  intelligent script, direction and flawless performances by EVERY SINGLE  actor raise this film to incredible heights and, ultimately, serves more as  an exercise in psychological terror than it does a mere drama.  A veritable  kick in the stomach after effect will ensure that even the most jaded and  desensitized viewer will never forget this frightening tale of homophobia,  ignorance and fear run amuck.  An unforgettable film, indeed.  One finally  note:  Chloe Sevigny was seriously ripped off.  That Oscar should have been  hers, not Angelina Jolie's.
B00003Q438|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out when i was living in new york. At the time it did seem that something was missing, a number of years later the video version of this special edition came out and answered most if not  all of my quertions about the main theatrical release. With this DVD  special edition all questions and thoughts are answered, apart from being  an amazing film in itself the extras you get in this two disc offering is  what value for money is all about. Its also a DVD that a fan of all movies  should get as the back ground info on the making of The Abyss is an insight  to how a movie is made, and to what extent that the endevour has on the  cast &amp; crew, just listen to Ed Harris for one. Anyway i could go on for  days, its a great buy, and although i have the Matrix, which is very good  THIS IS how DVD's should be presented to the public-ENJOY, thanks Stephen  Roberts, March 28th 2000
B000002GF8|4.0|The Police hit The Main-Stream Jack pot on this disc.Every Breath You Take  is a Classic but has Lost it's Luster a bit after Puffy Fluffy was Allowed  By Sting to Mess it up.King of Pain&amp;wrapped around your Finger are  Great SOngs.Sting Hit a High Mark as a Writer&amp;vocalist here.but  COmpared to his First Two Albums this was just Warm up.
B00000163G|5.0|If you buy Any Rap album, then this is the 1. It is 2pac at his best and no other album can compete. All u can say is buy it and find out 4 yourself
6304078102|1.0|This is a cinematic tribute to the teaching profession rendered in a style reminiscent of Frank Capra's &quot;It's a Wonderful Life,&quot; but without any angels. Mr. Holland is a musician whose real heart is in composing. At  first he sees teaching music appreciation in a high school as a way to put  food on the table for his young family - and allow for spare time&quot; to  compose. He soon learns how demanding teaching can be - and ultimately  discovers through the passage of time how rewarding it can be as well.  Well, for anyone who is or has been a teacher of any kind - and can handle  the cloying sentimentality of this stink bomb - the movie might be worth  the seemingly interminable 142 minutes.<br />There is a lot to be said for  understatement, but Steven Herek doesn't seem to think the American  movie-going public is sophisticated enough to catch the subtle hints that  that entails. We get bonked over the head with newsreels - Lyndon Johnson's  voice emerges inexplicably to tell us we are in the Vietnam era, one stop  along the way in the tumultuous times of Mr. Holland - and the signposts  keep coming till we find him in the present, convincingly aged. (The  make-up is the singularly impressive feature of this film.) Victim of the  perennial jostling of education priorities for budgetary reasons, Mr  Holland finds that his services are no longer required. An extravagant  surprise farewell party is held for him in the school auditorium with  everyone but the President and the Pope there to tell him what a difference  he had made in their lives. To conclude matters, it had been arranged that  the composition he had been working on all these years would make its world  premiere under the unrehearsed baton of the composer himself, much to his  surprise and delight. Thankfully, the movie does not go on to show us how  Mr Holland has an accident or finds himself with a fatal heart condition to  prolong our embarrassment in this tale that aims for the heart, but  collides with the digestive tract.<br />There are some interesting ironies and  issues dealt with this movie. Here is Mr.Holland, a music teacher, whose  only son is deaf. Here is Mr. Holland the dedicated professional who is so  immersed in helping other people that he has neglected his own family. Here  is Mr. Holland, the man, who has been tempted to run off with one of his  pupils - an adoring and talented beauty. Every aspect of the teaching  psyche is addressed, from the sense of public duty to the suppression of  the most private passions - all well and good. But what do we get instead?  A movie that is almost a parody of itself. <br />Movie's worst moment for me  was surely where Dreyfuss as Holland sings John Lennon's &quot;Beautiful  Boy&quot; to his son in front of a large audience of deaf college students.  He had had a falling out with his boy and this was his attempt - a  successful one - at making amends. The director tries to push too many  buttons with this scene, however, as Lennon had just been slain at this  time. There is also the point to be made that deaf people do possess an  ability to appreciate music and musicians, thank you. Again, important  messages, but they are so sugar-coated you find yourself looking for a  toothbrush in the middle of the flick.<br />If overly sentimental movies with  inordinately lavish soundtracks don't bother you, then by all means this is  a movie for you. (Most of the reviewers here are obviously       happy with  that kind of flick.) If they do bother you, forget it. If for some reason  you find yourself watching this because there's no way out, you may need a  six-pack or two to deaden the pain.
B000001G6W|5.0|There are innumerable recordings of this great work, but if there can be  such a thing as the definitive one, this is it.  Everything from the  opening notes to the exhilerating ending is splendid, the tempo is perfect  throughout, the sound first class (even if it is a 1977 recording).  The  Ode to Joy will leave you speechless and exhilerated as Karajan whips the  orchestra and chorus into a fervor in the final couple of minutes.
B000002J1S|5.0|Rich in melody and style; intellectually imposing; fervently played by divinely inspired rock musicians who somewhere along the line trained classically.  Such perfectionism only adds to the massive appeal of this  double set.  This is Genesis at its peak led by Peter Gabriel at his  zenith.  Tony Banks plays beautifully--the entire band is on top of every  note.  While the Who rock operas get more press and Pink Floyd rack up more  sales, Genesis of the 1971-1974 time period is often neglected.  AOR rock  stations may play the title track every so often, but most of this music  has not been burned out on rock radio. Like exploring?  the abundance of  wonderful songs on this mysterious set is well worth indulging your  curiosity.  For the initiated, I know you're nodding your head right now in  mutual appreciation.  For the novice, skip your trendy music of the late  1990s and delve into something that has captivated hearts for TWENTY-SIX  YEARS!
B00004BZ16|5.0|Once upon a time the Clash was really the &quot;only band that  mattered&quot;. I remember running down to Bleeker Bob's with my friend  Pete to buy the import version of this album the day it was released. After  a listening for the grand follow-up to London Calling and not hearing it we  just made up a tape with what we thought at the time were the best songs  and then I put the album aside. Coming back to the remastered version I  really see the greatness the band had reached. Rock, rap, waltz, blues,  reggae, swing, lounge, dub, pop, protest songs, disco and more....its all  here. I don't know where it placed in the poll of the top albums of the  last century but this is a true classic, a desert island disk. If you  haven't heard this album for some time its money well spent on the  rediscovery. If its the first time you will hear it, I envy you.
0446364495|1.0|Junk.  I read this book on the recommnedationm of someone whose taste I questioned.  Having struggled to finish this Mills &amp; Boon type romantic tripe I vowed never to listen to that person again.  This book is just  dreadful - the macho male and fawning female actually annoyed me.  A  shocker and a waste of time.
0385334206|1.0|It's amazing how Kurt Vonnegut has been able to hornswaggle readers for so long;  and that he's finally being accepted as genuine literature by the elitist critics and professors demonstrates his thimblerigging proficiency.   That said, I will admit &quot;Breakfast&quot; has the most accessable  story of any of his books I've perused.  The structure is at least  interesting, the way he's managed to chop the narrative into sound bites  and nevertheless make it coherent.  What first puts one off this novel,  though, are his windy pontifications.  It seems almost a contradiction in  terms to find a nihilist egoist, but somehow Vonnegut manages.  I grew  tired of the author long before the story itself grew tedious.  If you  enjoy Vonnegut's smug tendentiousness, I would recommend this book as one  of his better efforts.  If you're looking for mature fiction, pass by.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I respect the Metalica fans who say that the band has &quot;sold out&quot;  in several respects, including S&amp;M (Symphony &amp; Metallica), this  live double-album of greatest hits. But though this is my first Metallica  purchase, I loved it! I know this album was a risk for the band, but I  admire the fact that they are willing to trying something new. I am a big  fan of both orchestra and rock, and to experience the fusion of these two  genres of music was breathtaking. The orchestra made Metallica's music that  much more textured and powerful. And in general, because they moved from  speed metal to more hard rock over the years, they have pioneered both  kinds of rock and appealed to the tastes of more people than had they stuck  with speed metal. And both are prevalent on S&amp;M. Remember that  Metallica, like anyone else, cannot please everybody. They do their own  thing and appreciate those that follow them. S&amp;M is a great  introduction to the wonderful, adrenalized world of Metallica. Highlights  include &quot;Master Of Puppets&quot;, &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot;,  &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;, &quot;One&quot;, and the awesome,  concert-closing &quot;Battery&quot;. The language is very explicit and the  &quot;f-word&quot; heavily scattered, but for those who disapprove of the  language, an edited version of S&amp;M is available. Still, I think that  this album is the best purchase I made in '99, and according to Billboard  it has already sold 4 million copies since its release in late November.  Please do yourself a favor...buy S&amp;M!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie was the best!  Action-packed and the female character wasn't a helpless wimp.
6305470464|5.0|i loved this film, i rented it on video on watched it three straight times in a row. Gillian was outstanding as Mereadith, she is such a clever actress. Angelina is incredable too. Sean Connery is always goos to watch  and i love the parts with the improvisation lessons.  It was also good to  see Anthony Edwards in this. I love the way it all jelly together
B000002WYT|4.0|This album was good but not the best cry freedom is the most beatiful song  against war i have ever heard and too much is cooltim reynolds was great  and two step was awesome. this was a good cd
B0000047CW|5.0|My housemates and I would listen to this every year at Thanksgiving. We  would cook and prepare all day and then feast ourselves into a warm buzz.  Someone would put on Jazz Samba, we would find a place on the couch or  floor. The next forty five minutes or would vanish. We were magically  transported from our little house in Athens, Ohio to a hammock on a beach  in Brazil. Truly a classic, a must.
B00003Q438|4.0|Wow! The plot itself plods along, but the cinematography is great. A film that is more appreciated after watching the documentary. The DVD is worth it for this alone. Most of the actors and crew had to be scuba certified.  If you are certified, you know this isn't trivial. The suits aren't props  either, but fully functional life supports. No wonder the film was called  the hardness shoot ever. The DVD is packed with extras. I mean whole  scripts not just the final script but initial scripts as well. I thought  Ghostbusters had a lot of extras. This much extra material is sometimes  hard to present, but unlike many DVDs that have very confusing interfaces,  this one makes it very easy to find the material you're looking for. All  together an absolute must for a DVD collection.
B000002ZM3|5.0|Colin Tilney's complete WTC recording sounded so refreshing to me after  hearing it numerous times on piano, by such performers as Gould, Schiff,  Gulda, and others. Book 1, played on clavichord, leads me, personally, to  believe that this is, quite simply, pure clavichord music. While the  recorded sound is not the best representation of the clavichord I have  heard, (and it must be incredibly difficult to engineer that), after a year  of listening I am still captivated by this performance. A small example is  the Book 1 prelude in G major. Tilney plays it at a comfortable gigue  tempo, unlike Gould and Gulda, who burn through it so fast you can't hear  the notes. The piece is reborn, sounding fresh, melodic, even danceable.  Many other such suprises await the listener on this great set.
0800141709|2.0|A film I just don't get. Possibly it was made in a time I don't understand as well (6 years before my birth) with its fear of mass destruction and communist plots. Today communism is not such a great fear and mass  destruction isn't either but individual terrorism is. I did not find the  scenes to be funny with the exception of the hotline scenes and Dr.  Strangelove's overacting in his final scene. Some excellent acting by both  Peter Sellers and George C. Scott which almost makes me want to keep this  in my collection. The DVD video transfer is not very good making the film  look a bit like a poorly shot documentary (intentional?). No extras, not  even English subtitles, although it is subtitled in Spanish.
8439702469|1.0|The use of the language is poor, the characters are caricatures. It is the most over hyped book I have ever read. The plot is lame and I only finished it to comment how bad it was.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Like a previous reveiwer, this was my &quot;first favourite&quot; movie, and it is still one of my top 5.  (The Matrix has taken it's place as #1.)  My family doesn't have a T.V. or VCR so when we went to visit my  grandparents in England one time, they taped this movie off the television  for me to see.  I loved it!  I must have watched it 20 times that first  week.  They all thought I had gone mad.  But the story is so wonderful.   This movie is the kind that hides things in the background, so no matter  how many times you watch it you find something new.  (For example, check  out the posters in Sarah's room.)  The movie is put together extremely  well.  There is only one part that I can tell the puppets were &quot;cut  out&quot; and edited, and that is the Fiery Dance scene.  This movie is  wonderful, and I know you will enjoy it.
B00000C28M|4.0|While this is by no means the definitive performance of this work, it is  worth hearing for its unique history.  The narrative by Bernstein before  the concert is worth the price of the cd, just to hear the logic behind the  performance.  Gould's actual performance is a little too eccentric for my  taste, but some like the recording for that very reason.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is the only CD where I listen to every song, I love it.  Everyone should buy it.
6305750750|5.0|i still can recall going to see rotj back when it came out for the 1st time in theaters and saw it's re-release shortly after on a good friday! i was born in 1978 and i was pretty young back in 1983 and i saw it twice! i  collected the toys like many kids did back then and loved star wars and to  this very day i still love star wars and continue to collect the toys and  other stuff! ep.1 made the the summer of 1999 the greatest ever for alot of  people! i never had so much fun and was never as excited with waiting in  long lines for the tickets and for the midnight release of the new  merchendise! see all the new toys and stuff with star wars on it made me  feel like a little kid again! when may 19th finally hit i was excited all  day (i have insomnia and usually get up around 2-3pm but that day i was up  around 9am!)i saw the movie at 9:30 that night and chills ran up and down  my body when the music hit! sure the film isn't like the previous 3 in many  ways but it's still star wars and still has the same feel as the old ones!  everyone seems to have they're problems with it no matter what! back in  1977 the first film took a while to get people's attention and was given  bad reviews! but look what happend to it! for ep.1 making all the money it  did and ranking in the top 5 of all time it sure looks like someone enjoyed  the film! sure jar jar annoyed alot of people...so what?  i'm pretty sure  people would be saying that there was something missing if he wasn't there  and bash george for that! george gave us ep.1 (yes it's been a long time  since the last one but if he made it years ago it wouldn't look as  great!)george had spent more time around the star wars universe than anyone  and he still hasn't gotten the credit he deserves! people want so much from  the guy and when he give us what we want people bash him for it! people  want dvd's now but you have to see where george is coming from! he spends  most of his day on ep.2,trying to make a good movie and people keep  bitching about the dvd's! i'm pretty sure if they came out now people would  be mad that there wasn't any new bonus stuff! what do you want more..ep.2  or dvd's! some people can be really greedy! so give ep.1 a chance buy  it,rent it,borrow it or steal it if you have to but give it more of a  chance. i'm sure it will grow on you and in 20 years you'll be telling the  kids about how ep.1 was a experience that you'll never forget and never see  again!
B000002BYD|5.0|I have been a fan of Pearl Jam since they came on the music scene, and  have watched as their albums went from radio-friendly(Ten) to experimental,  such as Vitalogy.  And no matter how great the album, the band never seemed  complete, at their peak.  But that changed with this album.  Everything  flows together, Gossard and McCready's riffs shine, and Vedder's voice is  incredible, especially on the song Low Light.  For what it costs, you  should buy the C.D., because you're sure to find at least a couple of  tracks that you will fall in love with.
6302206286|5.0|O.K., so what if the movie wasn't completely accurate, and who cares about Kevin Costner's accent.  It was a great movie and I thought a wonderfully touching love story.  A must have for any of you hopeless romantics out  there.
B000002MUW|4.0|I think this is the best Madonna album after Ray Of Light. I like the  songs Secret, Human Nature, Bedtime Story and Take A Bow very much. I'd  rather be your love, survival and Don't stop aren't very good but the rest  are Ok.
0446310786|5.0|We should spend time on doing something productive when we are young, and read those life thinkings when we are old enough to. So, I don't think that we should force all students to read this book, it should only be an  option.<br />But, it still a good book.
B00003CWN2|5.0|Congratulations to the filmmakers and financiers of this bold film, and also to the Academy for giving it prominence.  <br />&quot;Boys Don't Cry&quot; succeeds as a portrait not only of a sexual identity crisis but  simply as a portrait of one woman's compassion (Chloe Sevigny) for another  human being--it succeeds where &quot;My Own Private Idaho&quot; failed  because &quot;Boys&quot; is an aesthetically cohesive work of art.   Director Kimberly Pierce is astonishly gifted.  Her attention to detail,  composition, and her ability to use locations and static objects as  metaphors for what is transpiring in the minds and lives her her characters  is remarkable.  The editing is also another noteworthy feature (although  the use of flashbacks in Act III is unnecessary and detracts from one of  the film's most powerful scenes).<br />Although Hilary Swank is undeniably  amazing, it is the character played by Chloe Sevingny that gives this film  its emotional resonance.  Her role is not a supporting role but a lead  role--in fact she is technically the protagonist (undergoes classic  character change)and has nearly as much screen time as Swank.  Sevingny's  performance is absolutely brilliant.<br />One warning:  I walked into this  film unaware of how disturbing it would be and was blindsided.  This is a  gritty, no holds barred film about a sensitive subject.<br />Although I doubt  this was Kimberly Pierce's primary intent, the film also stands as a  powerful argument in favor of hate crime legislation.  There is an  emotional plea for tolerance at the core of this movie, and people on the  political fence may find that this film moves them in the direction of  conceding that hate crimes comprise a separate category.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|..on radio 1's Rythm nation and it sounds pretty cool. Definte R n' B  talent!. Too Late is a mellow R n' B track. Feelin' so good is very cool  and more upbeat R n' B. I love waiting for tonight as well. I'm going to go  out and get this C.D coz it seems fantastic!
B00001SIES|3.0|Judging by their debut album, Muse are in love with their guitars. Which  is no surprise seeing as their heroes are Radiohead and Nirvana. The songs  on 'Showbiz' aren't tuneful in the pop-rock sense, but repeated listens  show that these are songs of substance. I'd say 'Muscle Museum' is the most  immediate of the tracks, while some of the songs aren't all that bad.  Though they're not particularly outstanding either. Yeah, Matt Bellamy does  sound like Thom Yorke, but there's still enough individuality is his style  to distinguish himself and his band from their heroes. Other notable songs  are 'Sunburn' and 'Filip'. If 'Showbiz' is a portent of what is to follow  from Muse, then I'll certainly be one of those watching out for these lads.
B0000027DJ|3.0|This was the first Alice Cooper solo album I bought and I was hooked on  Alice ever since. The stand out tracks include &quot;Snakebite, Dangerous  Tonight, Feed my Frankenstien, Wind up Toy, and the best one Little by  Little(which should have been a single)&quot;. Burning our Bed and Die for  you are 2 of the ballads, and personally I think they blow. The other 2  ,however, &quot;Loves a Loaded Gun and Might as Well be on Mars&quot; are  terrific. Much better than Trash, too bad it wasn't a hit.A great buy.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This movie was awesome!  i saw it in the theater about 5 or 6 times...and it just was better and better each time.  Johnny Depp is awesome!  The fact that he was scared of a little spider and his fainting just made him cuter  than ever!  Christina Ricci was cool too...im not her biggest fan, but her  part made her likeable.  Christopher Walkin was beyond creepy!  He was  great!  I didn't know who was controlling the horseman till the very end  (and i usually guess the bad guy at the beginning cuz i am a horrow movie  FANATIC! ).  overall..a kickass movie!
B00002E233|4.0|I haven't seen any of the Jaws movies (pitty me) but I have a feeling they were a lot better.  &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; was a very entertaining movie in all its worth.  You didn't know who was going to get ripped apart next.   At the beginning you would think Samuel L. Jacksons character, Russell  Franklin and Saffron Burrows character Dr. whatever her name is are the  ones that are going to survive.  Not necessarily, as the movie goes on you  can tell that whoever you guessed was going to be alive probably isn't  going to survive these sharks.<br />The plot I think is pretty solid.  Two  scientists at the underwater laboratory Acquaticus are trying to develop a  cure for Alzheimers bye using the brain of sharks.  But to get all the  proteins they need they needed to enlarge the sharks brain and as a side  affect the sharks got smarter, a lot smarter.  Then a tropical storm leaves  the scientists and their visitors in complete and total darkness, plus they  are the mouse in a terrible cat and mouse game.<br />The acting isn't that  great but I can say the special effects are very good.  You can't tell the  sharks aren't real and everytime someone gets ripped to pieces you  shiver.<br />I think that this movie was a little much on special effects and  it could have had a couple of more scenes with actual meaningful dialogue  but seeing people get ripped to shreads is completly enetertaining.  Trevor  Rabin wrote the musical score and it is completely convincing to help you  along in the movie, plus LL COOL J, Thomas Jane, Stellan Skarsgard, and the  others, I think did a job well done acting.  It must be pretty tough acting  with things that aren't real and I commend them for that.<br />But, because of  the not Academy Award acting and not enough meaningful scenes this movie  does not get 5 stars in my book.
B00000IPAX|5.0|If you're a punk purist, you won't like this. It has a lot of pop elements to it, but thats not a bad thing. While Dude Ranch may be purer punk, Enema is one of the few genuinely &gt;fun&lt; albums to listen to. The songs are  unique (Aliens Exist, Whats My Age) and stick in your head, which, honestly  is all that really matters to me.
B000002C2E|5.0|Bob Dylan made this album after a few years.He's still touring around the  world and some say he had a writers block.When you hear &quot;time out of  mind&quot; you will laugh at all the people who doubt him.Dylan is always  surprising people,and he did on this album,it's one of the best albums he  had ever made.
B00000K19E|4.0|I think that many watchers would understand this movie better if they previously read Carlos Castaneda's books. The whole theory of people being energy for other beings and the fact that this world is simply a prop,  draws heavily from Castaneda's works. Whoever really liked this movie might  give Carlos a try.<br />I enjoyed the movie- great entertainment.
B00000J6AG|5.0|You can dance, groove, bob your head and be touched emotionally all in one  sitting. This CD simply rocks!
B0000039PW|5.0|5 Mics 5 stars 5 hearts cause mad love to big up in heaven!!!!!
6305609691|5.0|I won't comment on the film itself - the list of other 5 stars reviews speak for themselves.<br />Having never seen the movie in a theater, I thought that the DVD version would be interesting to watch in comparison to the  VHS<br />I was blown away! If you have any kind of solid enterntainment system  with center, surrounds and subwoofer (eg. 5.1), you will see and hear the  movie in a whole new way. The cinematography comes to life with the music  and the sound editing in a way that is just not possible on VHS. This was  always one of my favorite movies and this experience has taken it to a new  level.<br />So buy the DVD and see it all over again for the first time.
B000002KHY|5.0|This CD includes all the songs JT is best known for from the 70's.  The songs are expertly performed as only the singer/songwriter (of most the songs! ) could do.  This CD will most certainly transport the listener back  to a simpler time.  Just hearing the start of &quot;Fire and Rain&quot;  still gives me chills.
6304712499|3.0|This movie does have a lot of strong points including special effects and a dark, mysterious feel. On the down side, it really doesn't have much of a plotline and sometimes makes no sense. Overall it is watchable with eye  candy but those who are looking for something in substance should look  elsewhere.
055321277X|4.0|Dr.Henery Jeckyll, a respected doctor and scientist is sure that everyone has a split personality inside them.  He makes a drug to seperate one man into two totally different personalities.  He tests the drug on himself,  and kind Dr.Jekyll becomes the vicious, murderous Mr.Hyde.  Will Dr.Jekyll  destroy his dark side, or will he become Hyde's next victim?  Read this  book to find out.  When you read this book, think,Do we all have a Mr.Hyde  in us?
6305657947|5.0|classy, romantic movie excellent for a rainy day
B00003CWL5|3.0|He hates his job. He hates his life. He hasn't made love to his wife in years. His dysfunctional family are always arguing, and he lusts after beautiful young women he will never have. Meet America's newest  hero...Stoner Al Bundy!
630420065X|3.0|action,suspense, and tom cruise, what else would you need
6305662371|5.0|If you want to find out about the real-life tragedies and horrors behind the making of The Exorcist, check out Curse of the Silver Screen - Tragedy &amp; Disaster Behind the Movies by John W. Law in the book section.
052594527X|5.0|If words are like brushstrokes, then Girl With a Pearl Earring produces just the right touch to the canvas of Vermeer's city, its imagined inhabitants, and finally to the enigmatic Vermeer and his portraits.  A  story based on the imaginary servant girl in Vermeer's household and in the  portrait who is unwittingly caught between the contrary whims of that  household, the expectations of her society, and allowing a small space for  her soul to flourish.  If you only have time to read one book right now,  make it this one.
0790736942|5.0|If you want to find out about the real-life tragedies and horrors behind the making of The Exorcist, check out Curse of the Silver Screen - Tragedy &amp; Disaster Behind the Movies by John W. Law in the book section.
B000002KIK|5.0|I'm not surprised that Sabbath fans seem to either love thisone or hate it. If your favorite BS album is Master of Reality, acollection of truly mindless, noise-rock songs, then you should probably skip this one. Never Say Die is a clever blend of heavy metal, jazz and techno with some of the best instrumental work ever produced by either bassist Geezer Butler or drummer Bill Ward. Tony Iommi's guitar work is top notch, as always. The lyrics are as powerful as those on Sabbath Bloody Sabbath and Sabotage, but nowhere near as dark. Shockwave, Junior's Eyes, Johnny Blade and Air Dance are the best tracks Black Sabbath ever produced. The weakest track is Over to You, although Breaking the Chain suffers a bit from Bill Ward's marginal vocals. If you like to get stoned and sit around drooling while the floor shakes from the bass response, this album is probably not for you, but if you like intelligent heavy metal (and no, that is not an oxymoron), buy this one, you'll love it.
6303212263|4.0|If you want to find out about the real-life tragedies and troubles behind Superman, check out Curse of the Silver Screen - Tragedy &amp; Disaster Behind the Movies by John W. Law in the book section.
0964385619|5.0|This book has many messages: The two I would like to stress here are:<br />1. Learn to understand financial mechanisms and consequences of actions on your cash flow. 2. Use the gained knowledge and act accordingly.<br />He does  not claim to have the perfect recipy of 7 steps to wealth. Instead,he says,  go out there and learn to see and evaluate opportunities. The learning is  not easy but if you do it, you'll see opportunities (some of them with  very, very low risk and immens return possibilities).<br />I found this book  particularly helpful after being prepared for this way of thinking by  another book &quot;The millionaire next door&quot;.  I would recommend,  reading &quot;The Millionaire..&quot; first and then &quot;Rich Dad, Poor  Dad&quot;. together they should give everybody the idea.  While the  Millionaire Book stresses the &quot;save now and consume later&quot;  aspect, Kiyosaki  builds up on this by saying &quot;find opportunities to  make more money&quot; (which then can be used to save more and get even  richer)
6300183971|4.0|i actually saw the movie before I read the book.  I was engrossed by the cinematography, and enchanted by the progression of the main character.  The movie actually created a desire to know more about the series, so I  later read the book(s).  Patrick Stewart rules in any role, and only helps  enhance the quality of the picture, while kyle Mc-whats-his-name does a  great job as a contemplative lead role.   the setting and costuming flow  into each other wonderfully throughout the entire movie, and I love the use  of super-technology.  The cultures portrayed are rich and compelling.   The  environment and anomolies of a super-advanced civilization are introduced  in a straightforward and easy-to-stomach fashion that adds flavor to the  characters' own interactions with each other. It's definitely worth  viewing.
6305807086|5.0|A movie doesn't have to be &quot;Schindler's List&quot; to be good. Sometimes people forget that movies don't always have to take themselves so seriously. Yet, action flicks sometimes don't take themselves seriously  enough.<br />&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; rises to the challenge to  produce a whimsical, utterly HILARIOUS story that is so outright absurd and  bizarre from the very start, most viewers will stop trying to make sense of  it after about five minutes into the film. It is then that the audience  just lays back, goes with the flow and HAS FUN! If you're someone who  always has to understand every detail and motive for every action in a  film, THIS MOVIE IS NOT FOR YOU!<br />But, if you can handle some silliness,  and really like to laugh, watch this movie. You won't be sorry. I was  almost crying from laughter in my seat. The whole audience was in an  uproar. Refreshing, zany, quality films like this don't show up often. So,  don't miss a chance to see &quot;Being John Malkovich,&quot; just be sure  to check your cynicism at the door. :-)
B000002U8A|4.0|I really do love this album, the silly lyrics and beats add to it's enjoyment. Although it's not my favorite album that Duran Duran have done, it still doesn't deserve anything but 4 stars or higher. You have to  remember this album has incredible classics such as, The Reflex, New Moon  on Monday and Union of the Snake. Everything else is great, this cd just  shows How well Duran Duran can make music and bring it to a whole other  level.
6302518423|4.0|This was, at least visually, a superb movie. VHS can't do it justice. I waiting for it to come out on DVD. And waiting, and waiting . . .
B00000DG1R|5.0|This album is absolutly incredible, it bares all of Duran Duran's supreme hits! It's an incredible album to introduce a new fan ( I know from experiance.) This album has so many great songs, it draws you in and you  can't let go. It's great, there is no dissapointment in this album. Duran  Duran got it going on and they know what we want and they come through,  always.
B000002J09|5.0|For years to come, I know I will remember the last dances at my Junior  High school, when they play Stairway to heaven as the last dance.   Everyone, even those considered &quot;outcasts&quot; (I always feel bad)  wants to dance to the wonderful song.  It is the nicest thing that I have  ever done, dancing slowly to the perfect, heavenly song with someone I  like.  Sometimes, I feel like I'm floating away by the guitar solo at the  end.
B000002V1D|5.0|This ablum is FANTASTIC, no aurging. If anyone ever critized this album, then you are completely deaf. This album is so perfect, every song is beautifully written, with such deep incredible meaning, you've got to love  everything about it. Duran Duran is true talent and Beauty, it shows  through everything they do.
0380973634|5.0|I had never heard of Neil Gaiman, took a chance on the title and cheap price(bargin table) of the book. I just love it when I pick a good one!  He had me by the 22nd page. His characters are endearing, frightening and  funny. What an imagination the man has. He was able to pull me into his  world with such ease. Can't wait for his next book, he is now on my  favorite list.
B000002UAX|5.0|This was an excellent album. I also recommend James Joyce's &quot;Portrait of the Artist As a Young Man&quot;. This novel is about growing up Stephen Dedalus and his rebellion against the church,school, etc. I read this book  often and I love the pure poetry within it.
0679729895|4.0|I used to think books were boring. I would always avoid the library. But when I got this book, I started reading the first page. And then I couldn't put the book down! I would read this book in class, at reading time every  day, until the ending. This is my favorite book. It always will be. Thanks  to Roald Dahl, I'm starting to read lots of books now!
B000002H72|5.0|this album rocks! A landmark in music history, pixies combine loud  guitars, screaching vocals and excellent melodies to create doolittle. This  album changed the way i listened to music when i was about 13. This album  is so solid, with little chance for the listener to catch their breathe.   Every song is a highlight. If i had to pick any song from this album,  however, it would probably be No. 13 baby or debaser. Please give this  album a listen. It is the pixies greatest.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is a great movie for the people who want to remember the good days of senior prom and trying to get your first score. This movie will keep you in stitches the whole time you are watching and perhaps bring some good  memories home. This will also give you a little reminder of some of the  hilarious pressures teens put on themselves
B000002HH9|3.0|Wild mood swings was the long awaited album for lots of cure fans, and i  think it disappointed most, (well at least me!) I think the best songs on  this album are the more upbeat ones(ie mint car, club america etc)  Most of  the other songs are fairly boring and are nothing new to the cure. I think  other people will love this album, and if you are new to the cure this  would probably be a fun album to listen to. The cure, however, are capable  of much better. Oh well.
0385484518|5.0|Full of life experiences shared by Morrie and Mitch, this book announces the true spirit of sharing meaningful experiences with good friends. I recommend this book to anyone who desires to 1) learn about life, 2) become  a mentor or mentee, and 3) desires to be a leader.Morrie is an incredible  man with strength, endurance, and humility.  He shows me what is really  important in my life.  Morrie's stories and experiences will live on  forever. After I read this book, I realized what life is really about,  friends.  Please read this book, it's an experience you'll never forget!
B00004CWO8|5.0|The information provided by this page is too limited. Starring: P.I. Tchaikovsky, et al. Is it a joke?  Please at least list the name of the ballet troup.
B000031WD9|5.0|This is a very funny movie!It has cast members that are fresh and areprobably going to be the next Jim Carrey and all of the people we know and love.I have heard there is going to be a sequel that will most likely be based on the students in their first year of college.&lt;&lt;&lt;I cannot wait. This is truly a great movie that you should not view with your parents...LoL......Have A Good Day
B00000K19E|5.0|THis was the best movie i have ever seen! I have seen it over 7 times!
B000000OQF|5.0|APETITE FOR DESTRUCTION is the best album ever because it had great aggressive songs on it like:out ta get me.and beautiful songs like:Sweet child of mine and party anthems like paradise city , welcome to the jungle,  and the rest are pretty good.Axls voice is incredible,slash and izzys  guitar work were great.this album is better than the following:AC/DC Back  in black,Led Zeppelin 4,Metallica Metallica,and any beatles album.I also  recomend you getting use your illusion 1 and 2.
B000007OY0|5.0|If you read Leonard Maltin's review above quickly dis-regard it.  This is one of the greatest movies of all time.  I personally don't think a movie that is a little over 2 hours long is at all too long for a Oscar nominated  work such as this.  I never found a boring moment in this movie and the  cast and directing was phenomenal. You won't be dissapointed if you buy  this movie.
6303187064|5.0|The Crow is the greatest movie of all time.  It is so tragic that Brandon Lee had to die in the movie.  He would have been a great person to meet and he would definitely of had a long movie career like his father.   This  movie should be at the number one spot in the movie category for all time.    Brandon Lee forever.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This Cd is really awesome.  Many people criticize it as becoming  mainstream, which is true to some extent.  yes, pretty fly for a white guy  gets boring pretty fast, but have you ever, get a job, staring at the sun,  walla walla, no brakes, and the kids aren't allright are great.  The guitar  solo on the kids aren't allright is so cool.  The lyrics don't make sense  most of the time but they sound really cool, so buy it.
0451526384|5.0|I know a lot of teens who, when I tell them I am reading Jane Austen, say, &quot;What are you thinking?&quot; because they have read Sense and Sensibility first, before trying any of her easier works.  Persuasion is  the easiest book of Austen's to get into, to follow, and to love.  She  makes the characters real by explaining them in many situations.  When I  read this book, I instantly became friends with Anne Elliot, the family  outcast, because she was an outcast.  Then she became even more my friend  when she became the beloved and desired friend and love of Captain  Wentworth.  I loved seeing Anne go through the difficulties of dealing with  her past actions, and instead of wanting to go back and change the past,  she wanted to go forward and decide the future. Austen masterfully portrays  all of her characters, and I would love to go to Lyme and see where Anne  met her cousin, and to Bath to see where she and Captain Wentworth decided  their future together.  Persuasion is my favorite book of Austen's, and if  you read it, it will be yours, too.
B000002JPA|1.0|DT are a bunch of technique-blinded guys who would be the greatest band on  Earth if only they knew how to write songs instead of weaving great metal  riffs and stunning solos with weak,naive bits of pretentious  melodies,topped with lyrics trying to be intellectual and convincing.To  compare music like 'Images and words' to classic rock such as Pink Floyd or  even Rush is nothing but sacrilegious.Huge  arrangements and overblown  production don't make up musical (not technical) incompetence
0451526384|5.0|I know a lot of teens who, when I tell them I am reading Jane Austen, say, &quot;What are you thinking?&quot; because they have read Sense and Sensibility first, before trying any of her easier works.  Persuasion is  the easiest book of Austen's to get into, to follow, and to love.  She  makes the characters real by explaining them in many situations.  When I  read this book, I instantly became friends with Anne Elliot, the family  outcast, because she was an outcast.  Then she became even more my friend  when she became the beloved and desired friend and love of Captain  Wentworth.  I loved seeing Anne go through the difficulties of dealing with  her past actions, and instead of wanting to go back and change the past,  she wanted to go forward and decide the future. Austen masterfully portrays  all of her characters, and I would love to go to Lyme and see where Anne  met her cousin, and to Bath to see where she and Captain Wentworth decided  their future together.  Persuasion is my favorite book of Austen's, and if  you read it, it will be yours, too.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Like many others i was less than impressed when i first heardthis album! Infact, despite being desperate for its release b/c herlast album was so good...it took me about 8 months to buy it b/c i was so terrified it was going to be rubbish! Well, by the second play of the album some of the songs really interested me and i am now in love with it! It transends taste in music as its not really about what we would call modern music. Its so honest and theres not a women in the world who could not relate to at least one of the songs! Well done Alanis and keep up the good work!
6305265666|4.0|Ever After is a modern version of Cinderella. It is very well casted. The main characters are Daniel played by Drew Barrymore, the evil step mom played by Anjelica Houston, and Prince Henry played by Dougray Scott.  Directed by Andy Tennant who also directed Anna and the King and many more  wonderful movies. There are still some differences between the Disney  version of Cinderella and the modern version, Ever After. For example, Ever  After had a woman telling a story of what happened throughout her life. In  the Disney version the story was just played out. I thought that was very  creative of the writers of Ever After. Even though this is a modern version  of Cinderella, I believe that it is telling its own story. I recommend this  to the people that enjoy a little bit of history and fairy tales.
0140288503|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed reading Black Hawk Down. The book's subject matter has been overlooked for years by the American public. Given a hanful of American citizens, few can even point out on a map where the Battle of  Mogadishu took place.  The bottom line is this--seventeen Americans died  for all of us in a foriegn African city.  The least that we could possibly  do is read this amazing account of the bravery and fortitude that our young  people displayed in the longest sustained firefight since the Vietnam war.   Mark Bowden captures the pain, frustration, and terror that went throught  the minds of our soldiers.  He also discusses the exeptional  professionalism and self-sacrifice that are the among the finest traditions  of the U.S. Military.  This book should be required reading for anyone  thinking about joining the military, and all American citizens who want to  hear the truth of modern day warfare.
B00000I0XW|4.0|I am a major Sarah Brightman fan. I've listened to most of her work and greatly enjoy it. The Andrew Lloyd Webber Collection is a compilation of the 1992 recording &quot;Sarah Brightman Sings Andrew Lloyd Webber&quot;  and the 1995 recording &quot;Surrender,&quot; also called &quot;Surrender:  the unexpected songs.&quot; The 1995 recording is a much better recording  than the 1992 because Ms. Brightman's voice had developed immensely since  1992 and the orchestra is of a better quality. &quot;The Andrew Lloyd  Webber Collection&quot; draws songs from both recordings and both  recordings are good, but the 1992 songs are weaker. I do, however,  immensely enjoy the &quot;Anything But Lonely&quot; track which is a 1992  recording and not found on the 1995 Surrender CD. However, if you're not in  the mood to spend a great deal of money, buy Surrender instead of the  &quot;Andrew Lloyd Webber Collection.&quot;
0671015206|5.0|This book changed my life. After reading it in the evening, i couldn't sleep for 6 hours, and i decided to completely change the way i manage my money. Of course there are many obvious things in this book, but sometimes  obvious things are the most forgotten ones. If you want to succeed  economically, read this book !
0804106304|4.0|\\"In America I will have a daughter just like me.  But over there nobody will say her worth is measured by the loudness of her husband's belch.  Over there nobody will look down on her, because I will make her speak only  perfect American English.  And over there she will always be too full to  swallow any sorrow.\\"  This was one of the many thoughts that four Chinese  women had when coming to America.  They all came looking for a better life  and a better future.<br /> This book takes place in San Francisco around  the 1970's.  The four women from China, Suyuan Woo, An-mei Hsu, Lindo Jong,  and Ying-ying St. Clair, form the Joy Luck Club.  The Joy Luck Club is a  gathering of four women, and each week, one of them hosts a party to raise  money and they eat special foods that bring good luck.  Then they would  play mah jong and whoever won got the money.  This was their way of keeping  their spirits up through their hardships.  This was also what brought  Jing-mei \\"June\\" Woo, Rose Hsu Jordan, Waverly Jong, and Lena St. Clair,  together.<br /> A problem that they all share is that since the mothers  were born in China and the daughters were born in America, there is more of  an inability for them to communicate with each other.  The mothers have the  tragedies of their childhoods in China in their memories, and the daughters  have lived safe and comfortable lives when they were children.  This  difference in background also helped in the lack of understanding between  them.  Throughout the novel, all of them recall events in their lives and  the lessons they learned from those events or from the people around them.   They recall big turning points in their lives that changed them and helped  to make them the people they are today.  In recalling these events and the  lessons they learned, they deal with similar problems in their present day  lives and grow as individuals.<br /> This book was very well written and  it is a good example of how people can learn from the past.  No one should  dismiss this book because they think that it's a book for Asian people to  read.  The relationship between the mother and the daughter and the lessons  they learn can be applied to any culture.  The book was a little hard to  follow at first because it jumps around to different people a few times and  it's easy to get the people and the stories confused.  Something that might  help is stopping before each chapter and looking back at the previous  stories as a reminder of what else has happened to the person in their life  and to help keep the individual's stories separated.  Also, look at their  mother's/daughter's story to help tie that family's history together.<br />  The author did a great job of tying the different stories together.  Each  person's story was different enough to keep the reader interested and allow  them to discover new things, but they were also similar enough to make sure  that the stories related to each other and helped to achieve the same  purpose.  From reading this book, a person could take the things that the  characters learned and apply it to their own life.  A person could also  gain a little more understanding of another culture and also the  differences between two generations.
0156763001|5.0|The Little Prince is timeless in any language and this particular translation managed to keep the beauty of St. Exupery's words and the little prince's charm.
0783226063|4.0|How does one write a review of such a polarizing film such as DUNE? Somewhere in this fascinatingly flawed film are the seeds of religion, idol worship, salvation, and rebirth. Endlessly interesting to watch, it reminds  me of movies like BLADE RUNNER - your first, second, even third viewings  leave you perplexed. Yet - the themes of salvation and rebirth are similar.  Singular characters faced with overwhelming odds, yet able to overcome  adversity through cunning and persistance. These are time-honored themes  that play well when viewed repeatedly. DUNE is a movie in the mold of 2001:  A SPACE ODYSSEY. It reveals new layers of meaning with each viewing, giving  it a timeless quality. Do I like and recommend it? Absolutely - many of  today's films will not hold up as well as DUNE after the years have ripened  them. As for the DVD quality - it is quite good, with excellent 5.1  surround envelopment. Unfortunately, for those of us with widescreen  displays, it is not anamorphically enhanced. Still, this is a movie worth  buying. Enjoy!
0792139771|5.0|A truly superb film, despite its detractors.  Epic in scope and grand in vision, the characters never get lossed in the &quot;big picture&quot; and always remain human to us.  The clearest evidence of this quality in the  film is that my wife, who is no fan of war movies, thoroughly enjoyed it,  since she could relate to the characters so well and so consistently.  For  the boys out there, there are also simply breathtaking battle sequences.  So, if you have not seen &quot;Braveheart&quot; do yourself a favor and see  it now.  It is amazing to me that Paramount have not yet released the DVD  edition.  Are they all asleep over there?
0385474547|5.0|Things Fall Apart is a great book that really shows how harsh we as westerners can be on secluded societies that we know nothing about.  Achebe does a wonderful job relating to us what a negative effect imperialism in  Africa and Asia had on its natives.  Great book that points out some good  moral qualites.  A+
B00000AFWZ|5.0|This is one of the best multi-artist box sets ever made.Highly  recommended,worth every penny.Thumbs up,Rhino!!
B00000DHRZ|1.0|Like thousands of other fans I went out and bought this CD as soon as I heard The Kids Aren't Alright. Pretty big mistake on my part. The album is NOTHING like older Offspring. I guess if you are the type of person to buy  a CD for two great tracks (the two best are The Kids Aren't Alright and  Have You Ever) then go for it. Otherwise, if you don't have money to burn  stay away from this CD. For those of you looking for another SMASH or  IXNAY, you won't find the answer here.
0790729989|1.0|I loved this movie!  The amazing cast delivered an eerily awesome performance.  However, the people at New Line Home Vieo decided that they wanted to put half the movie on each side of the DVD, even though the movie  is only about 2 hours long.  The result is, halfway through the movie, you  have to flip the DVD over.  I thought they invented DVDs so that it was  unnecessary to flip them like laserdiscs.  Ahh, well.  Good movie.  If the  flipping doesn't bug you, buy it!
0671576089|5.0|A suberb performance from a master story teller. Mr. McCourt tells his harrowing tale without a hint of bitterness, but much humour. My only mistake was in purchasing the abridged rather than the unabridged tapes.  I  soon found coming up with reasons why I needed the unabridged; the extra  listening time was worth the added price.
0375701427|4.0|Maybe The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich was more depressing than American Pastoral.  There are some sections toward the end which it seems are unnecessary, but for the most part this is an important book with a  message that stays with the reader.  Is it inevitable that--no matter how  perfect one may be in terms of physical gifts, intelligence,  responsibility, and character; no matter how wisely we make choices--is it  inevitable that we will all be victims of unavoidable problems that are  part of life.  Will we all be visited by an incubus that messes with our  conscious and conscience?  If carcinogens pervade the being of Swede Levov  are we all doomed to suffer from the same form of cancer?   A real laugh a  minute is American Pastoral, but I highly recommend it.
B0000062FN|3.0|GREAT GUITAR PERFORMANCE BUT VERY BAD IN RECORDING, WHEN YOU PLAY IT IN  GOOD HI-FI SYSTEM, YOU FEEL THIS CD VERY NOISILY &amp; ALL THE INSTRUMENTS  MIXING TOGETHER. IT ALSO HAPPENED ON SUPERNATURE. LOTUS'S RECORDING IS A  LITTLE BETTER, BUT, HOWEVER, IT CLEAR IN ONLY MIDDLE RANGE BUT NOT MUCH  BASS LEFT. A LITTLE DISAPPOINTMENT!
B000001IPL|5.0|Hey. This is a really cool CD with a great deal of amazing tracks. My personal favorite is the last one, Smash. I do admit that a lot of the songs do seem to run together a bit and sound the same but... it doesn't  make them bad songs, right? I mean, I love to watch hockey even though a  lot of the same stuff happens over and over. Anyway, It's a great CD and  worth twice what you would pay for it. 5 star album.
630508999X|3.0|Scream 2, released one year after it's predecessor was a film in great anticipation.  The target audience the teenagers, got what they wanted to see.  This film is full of scares, with plenty of humour and plenty of  nailbiting moments, the car scene with Sidney and her friend to name but a  few.  Written once again by Kevin Williamson the story takes place 2 years  after the murders began.  Sydney Prescott (Neve Campbell) is now in college  and trying to put her life behind her.  The other survivors are also with  her.  With the production of the new movie Stab... a killer is once again  on the loose trying to make some sort of sequel to it... to kill once  again. Only question is...who is it this time? With loads of suspects  Williamson keeps us guessing.  A great film followed by a disapointing  end... but I won't spoil that for you.
B00000269M|1.0|I liked this when I was little, but I hate it as an adult...If u want a  good album from 1987 buy Sign o the times by Prince....and Hardline  according to Terance Trent D'arby...This album is to much fluff...Kind of  the way thriller is now that I listen to it with adult ears
0790740443|3.0|Kurt Russels performance was way more deserving than the B movie budget that backed this film.  Same thing with Snake Plissken, a great character stuck in a low budget movie...I loved the concept and again Russell's  performance was outstanding, but I have a bit of a problem with generic set  pieces and low budget explosions. It kinda picked up for the big finish but  still has that 'made for cable' look to it. Darn shame.
0780626966|5.0|i admit when i first rented/saw all of these movies i thought they were all pretty worthless save for parts 1&amp;7. i NEVER thought i'd be owning the whole series someday. but when i saw that these had come out on dvd in  this huge package and knowing that new line is the BOMB when it comes to  dvd, i had to get them....every horror movie fanatic should get  these....even if you don't really care 4 freddy like i didn't you should  still get these....it's an incredible deal so everyone should get into it.
6304331851|4.0|This was a good movie, but at times it became long and tedious, and the watcher just sits there wondering when it will be over. The characters were very appealing, however, and you can connect with them. It is a good  telling of the traditional Arthur story, though, I think, and I would  definitely recommend it to people who enjoy the legends.  Peace out!
0451191153|1.0|The Fountainhead is neither brilliant nor well-written.  It is overly long (but not as disasterously as Atlas Shrugged) and the characters are stock-issue that exist to forcefully move along Rand's &quot;point&quot;.   The philosophy that emanates from Rand's work--Objectivism--is very shallow  and extremely selfish.  It resonates with cold-war hysteria that fails to  take into account the base needs of others and the very concept of  interpersonal relationships.  She reduces women to vessels for  reproduction, and spits on the very concept of love and giving.  She is a  vicious shrew, and this comes across quite clearly in this book and her  others.
B000002BHE|5.0|This is one of Celine's best cd's! My favorite songs are &quot;It's All Coming Back To Me Now&quot; and &quot;Falling Into You&quot;. I really reccommend this cd to anyone!
B000031WD9|5.0|This film, although of very mundane and not-so-controversial theme nowadays, succeeded in its excitement through the dialogs, the actual suspense which intriegued the viewer to a certain point.  Admittedly, not  all scenes were as powerful as the first (innocent masturbation caught in  the act by very conservative mother). All in all, far from a waste of  money.  A more sentimental approach to sex than the infamous  &quot;KIDS&quot;.  Maybe we should be teaching sex ed to our parents and  let them enjoy this teenage movie about real life adolescence?
0440234743|2.0|Big Disappointment!  The story had no thrill or edge.  I read through it only because I was on vacation and had nothing else to read. I will give The Brethern a chance only because I have loved all his other books (except  The Street Lawyer only earned 3 stars from me).
0790729628|1.0|Having heard the buzz for many years and being a science fiction fan, I got Blade Runner. Big mistake.<br />Some of you raving about the missing voiceover ought to take a moment and think about what the movie - to a  first-time viewer - is without it: A boring dectective story with little or  no detail. The only explainer we get is at the beginning of the movie - one  whole paragraph. Otherwise, we're left to judge for ourselves what's  happening in 2019 LA. I don't mind complicated stories. Love them. But this  one was incomprehensible.<br />A unicorn? Sorry, if you're not a fan and no  one tells you that replicants dream that way, then you've got no idea what  it means. AND NO ONE TELLS YOU WHAT IT MEANS. NOT EVEN A HINT!<br />I do have  to give the nod for the ending. The redeption of the replicant in the final  conflict is touching. But I didn't know enough about him or Deckard to care  all that much.<br />Plus, there are no special features on the disc. Really a  bad buy in my book.
B00000AFWW|4.0|I love Hole. They are an awesome band. But this CD is not nearly as good as their others. If you're just getting into the band this is a good CD, but I would really recommend Live Through This. Anyone will tell you that  that cd is phenomenal. This one just doesn't really slap you in the face  like their past recordings. <br />Some good songs however are: Celebrity Skin,  Dying, and Awful.
B00000253N|5.0|I have owned this album for almost 15 years. I first heard it one night over the radio when I ran out of gas outside of Needles, California. I was going to walk, but I decided to wait until morning. It was a downhill trek  through the Pass, and I didn't want to chance it. A radio station was  playing the album from end to end that night. That was 1990.<br /><br />I  understood this album that night as the singular story of a man, several  women and unbelievable amounts of loss. I've always felt that loss is the  greatest and strongest emotion that we have to deal with in life. What a  joke it is to go through life and watch it fade. Dylan takes you on a  journey in this recording, he breaks your heart, makes you consider your  own choices and then takes you back home again. These songs (as the sleeve  suggests) conjure up the American road and all the busted dreams, boxcars  and the Big Dipper pricking the velvet night.<br /><br /> ... I've been meek and  hard like an oak, I've seen pretty people disappear like smoke ...<br /><br />This  recording will sustain itself long after Bob and the rest of us are dust.  I've been thankful for that fateful night coming back to L.A. on the 40  highway; I learned a great lesson listening to 'Simple Twist of Fate', and  that was to not count John Calvin's idea of predestination lightly.<br /><br /> ... Their  minds are filled with big ideas, images and distorted facts ...
0679731725|5.0|The one reviewer who gave this a one star rating, is an oddity. If you like beautiful English prose, if you like works that provoke the reader to really think, if you don't mind getting totally bowled over emotionally  over the last few pages of a book, then this book is for you. Ishiguro is a  true genius of our times.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This CD is the only thing getting me through an extremely stressful time  in my life. You are absorbed into the music and everything else seems to  fade away, if only for a moment. Thank you Moby for helping me to heal.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is one of the greatest if you are looking for a hard sound with great lyrics. They not only sound like death metal but have the lyrics to go along with it in the death/goth category. They are not what you'd  normally expect from a group of guys who look like ICP. They are all around  one of the great new hard core bands and I think they stay hard for a  while. I highly recommend this album.
0783216084|5.0|Well, its a classic.  Should be right up there in the top five of everyone's video collection.  Okay, there are tims when the shark does look a bit rubberised, but please... It was in the 70's Suspend all belief, and  enjoy a movie that will outlast Star Wars Ep 1 for a very, very long time (  By the way, PG for this - considering how Robert Shaw meets his maker? -  Just how much do Speilberg and Lucas pay people to get these ratings? -  Rem? Raiders/Lost Ark - end scene?  That's just got a PG cert too! )
6305252521|5.0|Truly one of the best performances from an actor ever, Jim Carrey did great and it is one of my favorite movies ever.
B00000JCRH|5.0|This album had, and still has, a very pronounced impact on the metal  genre.  I've been a hardcore Metallica fan since it's release in '86 and  it's still my favorite, although I love everything they've done to date.   It's unfortunate that so many so-called fans have bashed and ridiculed the  band for continuing to be musical pioneers and experimenting with new  sounds and textures.  Any true musician will always seek out new territory  as their tastes and skills mature.  These guys are  constantly developing.   I'll admit that I am partial to their older material, but it's hard to  compare that to what they're doing today.  It's totally unique and  different.  I like the contrast! If you're a newer fan, you should  definitely make an effort to check out 'Puppets', and other older albums as  well.  And if you can catch 'em in concert, DO IT!!  I've seen them six  times and have yet to be disappointed!
B00000K2SE|5.0|I experienced the illusion of attending a film called &quot;The Matrix&quot; while inhabiting pod T1123-9971, Sector19, North Zone 3.  I found the film so exciting and thought provoking I nearly disconnected  myself!  It's a good thing this film is in absolutely no way a metaphor for  our 'real' social, political, economic, media-induced cocoons or I'd be  unduly concerned.
0441003257|5.0|it *never* fails to make me laugh, no matter how many times I've reread it.  I liked it so much that I bought a second, lending copy so I could share the humor with friends without risking my own copy. The book is like  Hitchhiker's Guide to the Apocolypse.  Very, very funny. And, if you like  this book, take a look at Before and After by Matthew Thomas, which has a  very similar subject and tone.
B00003CWL5|5.0|This is an awesome movie. Awesome acting. Awesomecinematography. Awesome score (a little strange). Awesomecharacterizations.  And Awesome story. This film won 5 out of I think its eight nominations and I am glad that the Academy really gave the Best Picture to the Best picture. This film is shocking and probabally for not all tastes do to its horrowing description of mid-life crisis and suburbia.
B00000JCRH|5.0|This album had, and still has, a very pronounced impact on the metal  genre.  I've been a hardcore Metallica fan since it's release in '86 and  it's still my favorite, although I love everything they've done to date.   It's unfortunate that so many so-called fans have bashed and ridiculed the  band for continuing to be musical pioneers and experimenting with new  sounds and textures.  Any true musician will always seek out new territory  as their tastes and skills mature.  These guys are  constantly developing.   I'll admit that I am partial to their older material, but it's hard to  compare that to what they're doing today.  It's totally unique and  different.  I like the contrast! If you're a newer fan, you should  definitely make an effort to check out 'Puppets', and other older albums as  well.  And if you can catch 'em in concert, DO IT!!  I've seen them six  times and have yet to be disappointed!
B000002C1W|4.0|Collectively, Pink Floyd is one of the great musical innovators of the  latter half of the 20th century. This album well illustrates the truth of  this. &quot;A Momentary Lapse of Reason&quot; starts out with the  contemplative instrumental &quot;Signs Of Life&quot;, which leads straight  into the dream world flight of &quot;Learning To Fly&quot;. This segues  into the seething &quot;The Dogs of War&quot;. (It surprises me that this  song has never been used by Chris Carter, creator of The X-Files, since it  is so perfectly descriptive of certain elements of the show.) Moving right  along, &quot;Dogs&quot; flows into the glorious &quot;One Slip&quot;, from  which the title phrase is taken. This is one of my two favorite songs on  AMLoR, and it is immediately followed by the other: &quot;On The Turning  Away&quot;, which derives its beauty from its perfect marriage of  thoughtful lyrics and heartbreaking melodic delivery. This is a poignant,  beautiful song, deserving of far more recognition in the Pink Floyd roster  than it has been given. Moving on, the remaining six songs are a classic  Floydian collage, a meandering journey through an instrumental landscape,  complete with echoed motifs in both melody and lyrics. Hailing from the  post-Waters era of Pink Floyd (it was released in 1987), this is altogether  a gem of an album.
B000002BFZ|5.0|I must say that if you're expecting to buy a Pearl  Jam album that reminds  you of TEN, you're better off buying YIELD. NO CODE is more of an album  that appeals to the true fans who like the artists to put out something new  once in a while. This truly is a great album. Everyone who gave it more  than 2 stars agrees that off he goes is one of the best songs on here, so  take a listen, but remember, don't expect a replay of ten or vs. This album  is unique in its own way and if you have an eclectic taste and aren't  afraid to listen to new things, i'm positive that you'll love this album.
6305750750|2.0|George. Grow up. Sci-fi isn't supposed to be embarrasing. This movie was supposed to live up to the hype. It was supposed to be a treat for Star Wars fans off ALL ages. It was supposed to be literaly the BEST movie of  the decade. What we got instead was one of the worst movies of 1999. It's a  contender for the Annual Golden Raspberry Awards. &quot;Independence  Day&quot; was FAR better!   Please do better next time Mr Lucas. If you  want inspiration to insure a masterpiece with the second film, please see  &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot;. I forgive you. Just don't let it  happen again.:-)
052594527X|2.0|I was greatly looking forward to this book until I started reading it.  It was well written, but there was no meat in it.  The first half of the book seemed to be about the fine points of being a maid in a household of  dysfunctional adults and children.  I kept waiting for something to happen  other than doing laundry and going to market. The author never developed  the characters beyond a purely surface level making it difficult to care  about their lives or who they were, which by the way, was never explored. A  small interest at the end when the painting was being done, but there was  never was any insight into the painter Vermeer's personality. I read  &quot;The Girl in Hyacinth Blue.&quot;  A far superior book about the same  subject.
0385493800|4.0|Having read most of Grishams work this is not the best but certainly a great read.The pace is ever changing and there are not many places that I was willing to put this book down.What places this book below some of his  other work are, the support characters, the feelings for them were of  apathy rather than dislike, which leads us from cheering so loudly when the  hero is victorious.I would recommend this book for any fan of the down and  out hero.
6303407188|5.0|I've been looking for this movie for ages (now I know why).  I've seen Ed Wood about four times and it is one of my favorites.  It's one of those movies that makes you feel so good to be alive.  Ed keeps trying despite  all sorts of obstacles.  He finds the most creative ways to solve problems,  imagine getting the curch to finance a horror movie!  I cannot reccomend  this movie enough.
6305537798|5.0|Like &quot;Better off Dead&quot; and &quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; are to the 80's, this movie is to the 90's.  In about 10 years, we'll be seeing this movie on TV over and over.  I'm going to get the DVD so I don't  have to wait. It's got the element that all truly good romantic comedies  have: humor.  I think my favorite part is when Bianca punches the underwear  model in the face.  I'm glad I got to see this one in the theater.
0800141385|5.0|I've only seen Funny Girl twice and I love it. I think Barbara Streisand is a great singer and actress!
6305265488|5.0|This movie had great acting, a great story (of course), and great costumes.  Plus, it was set in medeival times, like most really cool movies.<br />I watch it over and over.
0767830555|5.0|Taxi Driver: SE is one of the best examples of what can be done with DVD.  The image is excellent (aside from a few rough patches with noticeble grain and wear &amp; tear) and the remastered sound is incredible.  That would  have been enough for me, but the extras is where this disc really comes  through.  First off is an excellent 70-minute documentary that covers the  film from its beginning stages to the end (if you ever wondered how they  accomplished the final showdown, or how they did that wonderful overhead  tracking shot, or who the inspirations behind the charcters were, you will  find out here) with interviews from the cast and crew.  In addition to the  trailer, there is a storyboard (drawn by Scorsese) sequence that details  how the bloody end will be shot and a comparison with how it came out.   There is a wealth of behind-the-scenes photos and a gallery featuring promo  materials and poster art.  But the coolest feature is Paul Schrader's  complete screenplay, featuring scenes that never made the final cut and a  neat option to jump to the scene you are reading.  I'm glad they put this  on the DVD and did not make it a DVD-ROM extra, since those of us who care  about the movies like to watch them on our TV screens and not our computer  screens.  Add to that a cheap price and you've got quite a package.  Kudos  to Columbia Tristar for their excellent package.
6305627347|4.0|I'd expected a limp, pointless cartoon (I'm not a fan of the T.V. show), but instead found the sharpest, most dead-on satire since Aristophanes wrote &quot;Lysistrata&quot; some 2500 years ago!  Parker and Stone are not  the slacker goofballs they like to pretend they are; they clearly know  their comedic antecedents and tap into that knowledge to make us laugh,  think and re-evaluate our times.  Sadly, those targeted by their scathing  satire will undoubtedly never watch this movie.  No matter.  The fact that  the moral conditions addressed here will probably go unchanged somehow  makes the movie much funnier--it's like a tremendous, big, vivid private  joke.
B000002O5L|5.0|Tom Petty really overacheived on this record.  Not the greatest singer or  guitarist by any means,(but certainly not bad in those areas),Tom really  hit the watershed with twelve songs with most of them fitting  &quot;great&quot; status.  The arrangements are simple but catchy.  Also,  the sequence is excellent as the mix between rockers, ballads, acoustic  numbers, synthesizer excursions just fit like a hand in a glove.  I guess  the success behind this record can be attributed to Mr. Petty knowing his  abilities and working his talents around them.
B00003003R|3.0|Guns n Roses were certainly a tricky bunch to pinpoint.  Theybegan as one of the highlighted blues-rock Aerosmith disciples of thelate 80's, then, within the space of 3 years, succeeded in turning into a perfect blend of Elton John / Queen excess and firmly rooted hard rock.  The main reason for all the electicism in the band, however, was Axl Rose and Izzy Stradlin's creative tension that ultimately destroyed them. Live Era is the last remnant from the Gunner's era, and it's not the highlight people make it out to be. Instead of focusing on prime Appetite for Destruction era performances, the band chose to concentrate their recordings on their later days, when Axl's voice was shot and they liked to do silly things like throw in a horn section during 'Move to the City' or give Dizzy Reed solos while shafting Slash and Izzy.  Some of these songs hit the spot perfectly.  Rocket Queen, Welcome to the Jungle, November Rain, Estranged, and a few others are perfectly executed, (albeit studio enchancement can be detected.) whilst songs like Paradise City, Knockin on Heaven's Door, Dust and Bones, and Used to Love Her are rendered into parodic jokes because of Axl's shot vocals and the band's occasional flat sound.  When Axl cries 'Gimmie some Reggae!' during Knockin on Heaven's Door, one can't help but laugh. Live Era has it's bright spots but there's nothing here that's superior to the studio recordings, and there's way too much overindulgence.  Like most live albums, this one's for the die hard gunners.  END
B00003CXAT|5.0|this movie is one of my all time favorites. you'll never get bored of watching this on a saturday night, especially when you have a big screen tv with the ultimate sound system. speilberg knew what he was doing when he  started this project, making film history. the special effects had never  been tried before and the end result was a sheer masterpiece. even today,  although the effects are dated, the computer animation in this film looks  so real you almost begin to believe the dinos are real. i've always been a  fan of dinosaurs, ever since i was a little kid, and i've never seen them  captured with such beauty and magnificence as they are in this movie.  although it doesn't follow the book, it was a great adaptation. i recommend  you buy this movie, and then prepare yourself for an experience not soon  forgotten.
0790729989|5.0|This is an excellent film from a brilliant director and this dvd is the best way in which to view Finchers dark masterpiece. Clarity is amazing and helps to undersrand what is hapening in those tricky dark scenes
0800177177|4.0|i found this movie, although mostly intended to be a horror flick, to contain a certain amount of romance that i found appealing. i was swept off my feet by the mysterious destined love between dracula and miss mina. i  found myself crying more than once when i thought their bond was going to  be broken. the acting in this movie is superb, anthony hopkins does a  wonderful portrayal of Van Helsing. this really is a film of good versus  evil but the most intriging thing about it is you dont always know which  side is good and which is evil. if you've already seen the movie i would  also highly recommend the book. although slightly different, it provided  just as much entertainment. trust me, you'll love it. i did.
0893860220|5.0|This is the most incredible spiritual book I have ever read, and I have read so many! My life was altered forever while reading it. I have suddenly scratched the surface of my &quot;I AM-ness&quot; by using the simple  techniques suggested, and I will never be the same.<br />The Maharaj spoke  directly to &quot;I AM&quot; which opened  up in &quot;me.&quot; Many  authors claim to do this, he actually delivers.<br />If it were possible to  give it ten stars, I would.
0375703764|5.0|THis book is incredible, I have no doubt that someone is Hollywood is going to be trying to option it for the screen, how well it will translate, who knows. It's like reading two stories at once, both equally interesting,  we get drawn into the main story in the book as does the narrator, the more  we get drawn in, the more we want to read and the more intense the chills  that race down the spine get, the more he gets drawn into it, the further  he gets from reality until he loses his mind. THe book provides all sorts  of insights into how some of the characters bacame who they are by  providing (in one case) things like letters from the narrators mother from  a period where she was institutionalized. Regardless of what the other  reviewers say, there is nothing quite like this book, and I have read a  lot, though I have to agree with the first reviewer, it does draw from The  Shining, 2001, and the Blair Witch Project. Very good indeed. Fun to read.
0679735909|4.0|Much of this book is a fairly gentle satire of the academic turf-wars that emerge when a bundle of letters written by a minor Victorian-era poet are discovered by a postdoctoral research assitant in London. I found these  sections to be humorous, but also subtle and interesting. I thought that  characters were well done, despite the occasionally overdone academic  stereotypes. The fairly straightforward present-day story is punctuated by  long passages written in different 19th century styles: love letters, epic  poems, diary entries, and so on. Although I can appreciate the effort and  intellectual talent that these parts represent, I have never really been  that interested in fiction or poetry from this era, and for me, this was  pretty heavy going. I ended up skimming over most of these sections, and  did not have any trouble following the story (in fact, most of this  material is summarized in a couple of paragraphs by one of the main  characters near the end of the book, so you can skip it entirely if you're  so inclined).
B00003CWL5|3.0|As hyped this year as La Vita e Bella and Shakespeare in Love were last, American Beauty is not without its wry moments and twisted charm; much of it, however, is a simplification of cliches about suburbia: i.e., mindless  affluence, spiritual malaise, and the lust for status.  No one seems to  have pointed out the obvious irony--the fact that Hollywood, a community  known for its mindless affluence, spiritual malaise, and lust for status,  has heaped awards all over this movie.  This movie is hip in its  condescension to the suburbs and yet the swank interiors are chilly  approved of as in a Merchant Ivory film. And when the big moments of  revelation come, they either feel fake (the young cheerleader's insecurity  and self-doubt), smugly juvenile (the young couple's assertion of their  moral superiority over their parents and suburbia, which they are desperate  to escape [to New York--not exactly an original choice]), or like stale  Freudianisms (the martinet ex-marine neighbor's sexual repression).  The  filmmakers congratulate themselves for rising above all this gross  materialism and wealth, and yet have themselves reaped as their reward for  this expose of the empty lives of the bourgeois classes wealth and  notoriety.  The movie does have its moments of visual poetry and some  sharply written scenes, but the overall effect is limp, barren.  This is,  of course, the theme of the movie.  It only partially works thanks to Kevin  Spacey, who fills his role with humor and a hangdog, loser charm.  He's  playing a baby-boomer fantasy of thumbing one's nose at the system and  retreating into adolescent irresponsibility.  The movie asks us to see him  as wiser, as hip in his way as the disaffected young kids are (although  their hipness is of a rather glacial, castigating variety).  But the  conflicts in this movie are simplified: Annette Bening's caricature of a  materialistic, power-hungry harpy makes Spacey's choice less than heroic,  for who wouldn't want to leave her and to reject all that she stands for?   Do the English director and his New York cohorts think that this movie  represents the dirty truth of American suburban life?  That we're all  mindless automatons serving the system, and that only the young and a man  of Spacey's courage to walk away from it all are fully, respectably human?   Aren't they basically perpetuating the cliche that the artistic, sensitive  youths--representatives of the bohemian, alternative culture the filmmakers  themselves presumably came from--this movie ennobles are somehow superior  to their crass, small-minded environment? Does no one recognize the  distastefulness of a European director coming to America and basically  revealing the empty core at the heart of American life and then receiving  all sorts of recognition and awards for it?
B000002U9L|5.0|I confess I bought this album solely for 'When the World Falls Down' but I can understand others saying this this album is supurb from beginning to end. From the riotious 'Chilly Down' to the rather sad and dramactic 'Home  at Last' Labyrinth does what very few soundtracks do for me and that's  allow me to play the whole album without hitting the skip button. 5 stars  at least!
B00000K19E|5.0|this is great.  No more to be said.
6300213714|5.0|Let's face it, this movie rocks.  I want a DVD version of this movie.  I just hope that when it does come out, it has an excellent transfer.
0679721037|5.0|Hiroshima is  a very informitive book about a very serious event, the bombing of Hiroshima, Japan.  This informitave book on the lives of six people who survived the bombing dipicts what they were doing right before  the bomb went off, how they protected themselves, and how they felt.  In  the continuation to this book John Hersey writes a fifth chapter as a sort  of check up to see what the people in this book have been doing since their  last interview.  This book not only deserves great reviews it also deserves  five stars.  If you would like to read an interesting, informative book  about the bombing of Hiroshima this is your book.
0553573403|5.0|Goerge R.R Martin is a true veteran of the field, and as such has produced a very well written and professional book. A game of thrones is a great book, it's got good characters, intrigue, and people actually act  realistically, not your regular fantasy angel/demon seperation. Though it  is very long, it only took me 3 fascinating days to go through. I haven't  read part 2 yet, i would like to offer my prayers that the rest of the  series wont distentegrate like a lot of them do.
0784011222|5.0|I cried so ahrd in this movi, once again stallone's acting is incredible and is greta.  I need to hold my mummy when I see this moooovie.
630575067X|4.0|This film is touph to rate.  First off it is the most anticapated film of all time and everyone's expectations are way beyond anything Lucas could hope to accomplish.  Second, the film has some very good points but some  glarring flaws.<br />First I'll start with the problems.  For one the  characters are a mixed bunch.  Some like Obiwan are played by good actors  and could be interesting but aren't explored enouph.  Also other characters  like Anakin and Jar Jar are simply dumb and realy hurt the film in some  points.  The dialoge also needs work and the story, while a good start,  leaves alot of loose ends.<br />Now on to the good points.  Once again Lucas  proves that he can make the best special effects in the business.  This  film must be seen to be beleived.  Not only is the technology far beyond  anything else but each set is filled with imagination.<br />John Williams  out does himself and the music is simply excellent.  Also EP1 proves to be  even more exciting than past Star Wars films.  The action is top notch and  the final battle between three Jedi is simply amazing.<br />Star Wars:The  Phantom Menace has it's problems but it manages to rise above them and  still be worthy of the Star Wars name.  Barely.  I hope Lucas conentrates  more on the actors and their characters in the next film instead of on  special effects and action sequences.
B00003CX5A|4.0|This movie is a wonderful throwback to the days of the great Hammer films.  When the blood flows, it runs like a river.  Tim Burton has out done himself with this film.  The cast is, quite litteraly, to die for.  I  cannot imagine a creepier cast for a creepier movie.
087788630X|4.0|When asked at one point in his life what his favorite book was, Rich Mullens answered, &quot;Orthodoxy by G.K. Chesterton.&quot; I was pleased to buy an old copy from a second-hand shop. I treasure a book in which  clear thinking is demonstrated.
6304083777|4.0|Ghost in the Shell is another movie that defines what a good Anime is. The animation is what really makes it stand out. Each scene is beautifully drawn and the colors have a real mystifying effect. There are some GREAT  action sequences that are worth seeing. Its a futuristic setting with cops,  crooks, cyborgs, computers, and a big shiny city. While the overall movie  is dazzling, it wasn't exactly &quot;mind-blowing&quot;. The movie was very  serious and didn't keep moving at times. It might even confuse some  viewers, it didn't have a very fulfilling ending, but the nudity isn't too  much. The Ghost in the Shell is definitley worth seeing.
052594527X|5.0|One of the best books on art in recent years, this little volume is packed with insight into the painting in question and a marvelous tale about the painting's subject. This book is a page turner in a different way from a  suspense novel, yet the author engages you in the life of this girl to such  an extent you must find out how it all ends. One of the most entertaining  items I have read for some time. <br />One can only hope this author is not  done exploring the Dutch masters and perhaps other artists as well!
B000002HRE|5.0|Reload probaly isn't their best album, but it's a must have for metallica fans. Life wouldn't be complete without owning the song &quot;Fuel.&quot; Unforgiven II is debateable but I like it. Great CD to play in the  background.
0783226063|5.0|A VISION!  There is no film as alien-feeling as Dune.  You are suddenly not on Earth, or watching a movie created by Earthlings.  You are immersed in an alien culture, and as such, you feel, at times: lost, intrigued,  confused, fascinated, challenged, mystified, agape, and profoundly  affected.  <br />Revel in its perplexity - that's Dune. There's sure no  babysitter to hold your hand, but the puzzles are more rewarding when you  solve them yourself.  It's OK if you don't &quot;get&quot; everything.   Repeated viewings are highly recommended and richly rewarding to those who  like to think and don't pick their movies based on box office.<br />A  clarification to another review point: The longer TV version is NOT the  &quot;Director's Cut&quot;!  David Lynch would not allow the long hacked-up  version to carry his name (rightly so!), and so the name &quot;Allen  Smythee&quot; was tacked on, as is done in these instances.  I don't  recommend the long cut.  Editing out the sweet, elegantly precise Princess  Irulan narative, and replacing her with a cliche reveals the stultifying  heavy hand of the long cut's handlers. I recommend the Lynch original.<br />I  love Dune! Enjoy!
0783240503|5.0|my school put this show on and it was amazing . now you can buy it on vhs or dvd. the songs gives me laughs and chills. like &lt;any dream will do. close every door to me.. i rate it a 20 stars . but it only goes to 5.   hope you will enjoy it
B0000027RL|4.0|This is the one album every Pearl Jam fan should have.  I mean if Jeremy didn't make you a fan how could Last Kiss or Not For You?  Before their putrid cover of Last Kiss these guys actually made some worthwhile music in  Yield and Ten.  I like this one more just for standing the test of time.   While I'm sick of hearing the overrated Even Flow and Alive, their other  singles, Jeremy, Black, and ESPECIALLY Oceans are just as good listening as  they were nine years ago.  I never liked Why Go and Once, and that's why  this could never go in the history books as a five star release, but if  you're one of the few that haven't already picked it up, it would be a  rather wise decision to do so.
0671027344|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read, if not number one on my list. I think it's better than On The Road....maybe not. But this made me cry a lot, and  actually depressed all day me in some parts. But I love the book none the less. I can really identify with charlie.
0805062971|3.0|What impressed me most about the movie was the imagery.  This book doesn't have much description of the visual setting, which makes it seem much less powerful.  Also, it seems like Palahniuk is hinting too much in the  beginning at the ending that shocked me so much in the movie.  The writing  style is quite good, but the time shifts make the progression of events  from good to horrible much less clear, and therefore less powerful.  Also,  I didn't like the last chapter.  It followed too smoothly.
0395754100|5.0|My three children love this book.  I have 3 yr. old boy and girl twins and a 2 yr. old daughter.  They want to read it everyday.  We read Curious George Goes to the Hospital at least once a day and sometimes more.  The  stories are rather long but this is always the first book they choose and  one story is never enough.  I have always heard of Curious George but never  read one of the books.  I am very pleased with this book and the pictures  are the best.  They can sit down and tell the story to themselves by  looking at the pictures.  I now understand why Curious George is so popular  still today.
0887307396|2.0|I came across this &quot;built to last&quot; book as a compulsory reading of my MBA class and I think there is a fundamental fault in the &quot;built to last&quot; argument which if not resolved, it is meaningless to talk  about how to build such companies: Why bother? Why shouldn't an economy of  &quot;come and go&quot; or &quot;build to flip&quot; be more efficient than  one of &quot;built to last&quot;? Why shouldn't productivity and innovation  be much easily fostered in an economy of &quot;come and go&quot;?<br />A lot  of the &quot;B t L&quot; companies are there since the rise of the  industrial economy in which large groups of people worked together in the  form of division of labour to achieve efficiency. Internally, a corporation  cultivates a set of collective behaviors pattern that forms the identity of  the corporation and allows individual members working together to achieve  synergy. Externally, customers identify the brandname of the corporation  than with the product most of the time.<br />In the modern network economy, it  has become much easier for individuals or smaller groups to identify their  counter-parts to work with. Outsourcing, supply-chain management, B2B,  virtual corporations are new way for groups of people to work together  without much corporate identities. To customers, brand marketing is also  loosing ground as power shifts from the vendor to the customers. <br />Isn't  it make more sense to think of great corporations as small groups engage in  a Darwinistic competition rather than a large conglomerate in which  incompetence and inefficiency are protected by layers of bureaucracy and  politics? What if in a world of &quot;C &amp; G&quot;, everyone has to  focus more on upgrade of transferrable skills rather than climbing up the  corporate ladder? Why shouldn't the world economy be better off if there  are more &quot;C &amp; G&quot; than &quot;B t L&quot; companies? <br />I dont  have the answers and I think those would vary according to time,  information technology advancement,national environment and industries.  However, without answering them, how can anyone be sure that &quot;B t  L&quot; is a meaningful pursuit.
6304675348|5.0|this is a great movie about a teenager whos mom died a year ago and has to pay for what her mom did with her life. This is a movie thats says dont trust just anyone. I would recomend Scream 2 and 3 cause they are the best  if you like slashers and suspence
B00000ILDE|4.0|The DVD picture looks a bit rough and fuzzy at times, even in component video output.  I suppose they are digital artifacts or film grains.  The picture is very sharp in some places, but grainy in others, expecially when the background becomes dark. If you pause the DVD once in a while during the chapter when Ripley goes back into the complex to get the girl, you'll see what I mean. I watched the Alien DVD (first movie) on the same TV set and the picture stayed sharp in that one, none of this fuzzy stuff.
0440219078|5.0|This book was amazing, It really gets u thinking, about the way we live in this world. And if there really is a perfect world. The end of the book is confusing, but u'll understand it. in your own way. I'd recomendthis book  for anybody!
B000003BF4|5.0|The Amazon reviewer should get his head examined, or at least have his ears checked.  In 1969, the Stones could have been the sloppiest AND the greatest, and this is definitely their best live album...A perfect showcase  of the band's sound during this period and Mick Taylor's contribution.   Die-hard fans simply must own this one, and for casual fans, it's a perfect  complement to Hot Rocks or one of the other compilations.  Awesome versions  of Sympathy, Midnight Rambler &amp; Street Fighting Man.
6305627347|4.0|The popular TV series hits the cinema in this hilarious comedy!  Before watching it, be prepared for the most hilarious and vulgar jokes ever heard!  I gave this movie 4 stars cuz of it's offensive material, but  anyways, best comic movie in a long time!
630575067X|3.0|because the story is pathetic. It starts off good--it could have made for a great movie. However, the characters were about a centimeter deep and there was no emotional response at all, except for disgust-mine. Well, alot  of people think the FX are great, but I disagree. It looks fake. The saber  fights and the music are wonderful though. Buy it for these.
B00003CX5A|5.0|TIM BURTON HAS NEVER DONE A BAD MOVIE, BUT ONLY A FEW STAND OUT FROM ALL THE OTHERS, AND ONE OF THOSE ARE SLEEPY HOLLOW, IT IS AN EXCELLENT REMAKE, SURE HE MADE SOME CHANGES TO THE STORY, BUT ITS ALL GOOD. I LOVED IT FROM THE BEGINNING, THE MOOD OF IT IS ALL JUST RIGHT, TIM BURTON IS AN EXCELLENT  DIRECTOR BUT THIS MOVIE MAKES HIM ONE OF THE BEST DIRECTORS I KNOW  OF.<br />P.S. BATMAN 1 AND BATMAN RETURNS WERE BOTH GOOD MOVIES ALSO
630280082X|5.0|This is a movie that I first rented because it had an awesome guitar duel at the end in. I wasn't expecting much of a story, but I got one. From the first scene where Robert Johnson records his record to the last with Joe  Seneca and Ralph Macchio walk down the old highway, it is a great ride. The  plot is excellent, the music is great, and the guitar duel between Eugene  (Ralph) and Jack Butler (Steve Vai) is jaw dropping. Of course, Ralph isn't  actually playing the parts;someone named Ry Cooder is. It's awesome.
0670880728|5.0|This is my third reading of the novel in as many weeks.  Though it is not a high-brow novel, it is so easy to relate to and very easy to enjoy.  As a Singleton myself, who is on the verge of moving to London, I can only  imagine how my life will compare to Bridget's.  I can only speak from past  experience, that I have been where she has, and I have felt the same  insecurities that she has.  I have also tried to appear cool and  sophistacated in certain social situations,and only managed to appear and  feel like a social outcast.   She is very &quot;ninties&quot; woman!   One  warning:  if you read this book in public, be prepared for some stares, as  you will laugh-out-loud!  Hurrah for Singletons!   Hurrah for Bridget  Jones!
630280082X|5.0|This is a movie that I first rented because it had an awesome guitar duel at the end in. I wasn't expecting much of a story, but I got one. From the first scene where Robert Johnson records his record to the last with Joe  Seneca and Ralph Macchio walk down the old highway, it is a great ride. The  plot is excellent, the music is great, and the guitar duel between Eugene  (Ralph) and Jack Butler (Steve Vai) is jaw dropping. Of course, Ralph isn't  actually playing the parts;someone named Ry Cooper(?) is. It's awesome.
B0000062GE|5.0|This CD is unbelievable. These guys get better with every album. I cant  wait for their next album. &quot;Save Yourself&quot; is the best song ever  written in history. Its to bad you cant listen to it as a sampler . . . .  o'well. BUY THIS CD NOW!(thats if there are any left, it took me forever to  find a store where it didnt sold out)
B000005H4H|4.0|And that standout track is &quot;Dolphin Dance&quot; - truly lovely.  The  rest of this I find overrated and a bit on the &quot;difficult&quot; side  of things.
B000002AD0|5.0|Ok, essentially the greatest thing that Fillmore '69 offers is unparalled improvisation.  These two cd's will make Santana feel closer to you, and will captivate you a million times more than any of his newer Supernatural  singles.  I have yet to listen to a cd that matches the energy of these two  cd's.  Enjoy it, listen to it again and again, and become a fan because of  his older stuff, and not his newer stuff.
B000005H3A|4.0|Very nice music, &quot;Driftin'&quot; and &quot;Watermelon Man&quot; in  particular.  The alternate takes sound very similar to the master takes,  they're no great shakes in that regard.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I've heard a lot of people say that this cd was totally pop.  No, Brittney Spears is pop, N'Stink is pop, Backdoor boys are pop, but Blink 182 is not.  I really enjoyed this cd a lot.  I think everyone should buy it, not  really for LITTLE kids. Oh well, they'll grow.
B000005Z0E|5.0|any fan of tupac needs this album. phat lyrics, good tunes and a hardcaore story involved. I learnned more from this cd about 2pac than i did whatching biography on MTV. Tellin the life on the street is this cd's  mission. Anny hardcore hip-hop fan needs this album for there colllection.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I saw Galaxy Quest in a tiny theater in Flagstaff on a Snow Day. We'retalking a bunch of grown people wrapped themselves up like snausages and put chains on their tires just to go see this movie! In short, Galaxy Quest is a blast!<br />The plot is deceptively simple: cast of cheesy Star Trek type TV show gets mistaken for the Real Thing by a bunch of sweet aliens, This movie is full of Star Trek/Next Generation/Babylon 5 humor.  Every Trek stereotype is present and accounted for: the macho commander, the kid genious com guy, the busty computer girl, Chief, and the emotionless alien -- who is played by a Brit. Of course. There's also the Expendable Extra. You know the one. And of course, there are endlessly-repeated catch-phrases that the cast never wants to hear/say/ think of again. Ever. Galaxy Quest also pokes fun at fandom; but its really very wise in its portayal of &quot;questies&quot; -- who, of course, are an homage to Trekkies. Sure, the fans are &quot;abi normal&quot; but they are also smart, able to network and act under stress and are downright necessary to the survival of The Universe as We Know It.<br />In Galaxy Quest, there are many layers and nothing is as it appears. But the message is clear: if you work as a team towards a common goal and actually care about doing the right thing, you can and will succeed. No matter how insane the situation. <br />I whole-heartedly reccommend Galaxy Quest to anyone who appreciates Trek, fandom and alien pig lizards. Oh, and &quot;Mundanes&quot; will like it, too. Grin.
0679721037|4.0|I think that Hiroshima was a very interesting and informative book.  I knew alot about the Hiroshima bomb but never as much as described in the book.  The book has in depth information on what happened to people at  various distances from the explosion, and how everyone struggled through  the sicknes and lack of doctors.  The chapters tell about the initial  explosions, fires, buildings collapsing and the investigations of the bomb.   Since I really enjoy World War 2 I realy liked this book and would read it  again.  If you have to do a project on the Hiroshima bomb or just want to  read about it I would reccomend this book.
0790734249|5.0|I have seen this movie so many times I can't count that high.  Beautifully done!  Tom Hulce did an awesome job and the actor who played Wolfgang's Father looks so much like the real Leopold, it was actually frightening! :)   The film really shows not only the genuis of the greatest composer who  ever lived, but also shows the type of man he was in his childish, vulgar  and humorous ways.  I would recommend that anyone who is anyone should  watch this film even if you are not a Mozart or classical music fan,  because you don't know what your missing!  BRAVO to the director, Milos  Forman and all the actors and actresses who did a grand job showing the  world Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart's music and his life.
0312853238|5.0|Card isn't just an amazing science fiction novelist, his writing style draws the reader in, and I must say, made me turn off the TV!  Card's uncanny ability to write about a character's perception of fact and  knowledge rather than an author's &quot;truth&quot;--knowledge given to the  reader as fact--further compliments his concentration on power,  manipulation and control.  And all this set upon a plot strong enough to  stand on its own as one of the best sci-fi novels ever!
B00003CX7K|5.0|This movie is great. Youngsters can watch and adults will laugh their heads off with the jokes with a hidden meaning. Absolutely fantastic!
6305537313|5.0|Audrey Hepburn is sublime as Holly Golightly, a role she was born to play. One of the most sparkling and knowing romances ever. George Peppard and the supporting cast are also great. But the real joy is to watch Audrey Hepburn  in action, she's a joy to watch and it helps that she was a very beautiful  woman. Also the score is one of the most memorable ever, and the Oscar  Winning 'Moon River' is great. Entertaining and great for Audrey fans. From  a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 9!
8478884955|5.0|J.K. Rowling's stunningly beautiful writing is excllent with the totally new cast of characters that the Muggle world has never seen before! In it's brillance, these books speak for themselves that they are the greatest books to ever grace this world, as J.K. Rowling is the most brillant author  to grace the universe.
6302256615|5.0|This movie is a thrill a minute.  It is one of the few movies you can watch many times and enjoy every time.  It gets your adrenaline flowing with all the action (plus gets your heart rate up eyeing Keanu- he is  gorgeous in this movie and plays his character Johnny Utah impeccably!) Any  action film lover will love this one: bank robbing, surfing, sky-diving,  etc... This movie in one word - EXCITING!
B000002H6C|5.0|Although some people would disagree and although there are some problems  with the album (being the poor production--more on that later), in my  opinion this is the greatest Metallica album of all time.  The songwriting  here is just excellent which I think even surpasses RtL and Puppets.   Although some people whine about the poor production (which is true- the  drums sound weird and you can't hear any bass at all), it's not a real big  problem.  The songs don't really sound that bad.  The album starts out with  a really good song with a nice intro, Blackened.  And Justice For All and  Eye of the Beholder are really also cool (the ending of Beholder  especially).  &quot;One&quot; is a ballad which is just as good or even  better then Orion and Ktulu; and has a great powerful ending. The Shortest  Straw is the 2nd fastest song on the album and has two excellent guitar  solos.  The Shortest Straw is my favorite song on the album.  Harvester of  Sorrow is allright.  The Frayed Ends of Sanity is LONG but you won't get  tired of it.  And the album ends with Dyers Eve--one of (in my opinion) the  3 fastest Metallica songs (dyers eve, Damage Inc and Trapped Under Ice).   It's extremely heavy and has a lightning fast solo.  Overall, a great album  with terrific songwriting!!!  Highly reccommended album to all metal fans  and all rock in fans in general!!!
6304406096|1.0|This is incontestably the worst Bond film of all.  When he was younger Connery suited the role of smooth thug James Bond, but in this he's just a hulking great plank with all the style of a very wooden piece of furniture.   A cabinet perhaps.  The other performances are even worse.  Ever wonder  why you don't see klaus Maria Brandauer in any american fims these days?   This film is the answer.  From his opening scene he reveals himself to be  possibly the nicest villain ever to appear in a Bond film.  He doesn't look  like he could swat a fly never mind hold the world to ransom with nuclear  weapons.  And if he's the richest man in the world (apparently he's worth  hundreds of billions!) what's the point?  He bounds on screen and  introduces himself to his evil henchmen with the terrifying greeting  &quot;Morning Charles&quot;.  He then procedes to wish a good morning to  all those participating in the end of the world.  What's his problem?  When  Connery and Brandauer are on screen together you see the opposite ends of  the acting spectrum collide, one can barely move, the other can't sit  still.  <br />I could go on but there would be no point, there is absolutely  nothing good about this film at all.  Effects terrible, dialogue worse,  plot inane, performances grounbreaking(ly bad) and music dismal.
0679746048|4.0|This book gives a brief overview of what most teenage girls go through in their lives. Of course not all of our parents would put us into a mental hospital, but every girl can relate to this book.
B000002GGU|5.0|I am a major Bryan Adams fan and I think this is his best.  I've seen him  live about 7 or 8 times and it's hard to describe the feeling when Summer  of '69 starts and the whole crowd sings the first verse and Bryan doesn't  even have to say a word!  The whole CD is fantastic.
0312243022|5.0|Cunninham's writing in 'the Hours' is thoroughly satisfying to read -- spare, evocative, seamless. The characters and plot are finely, carefully conveyed without heavy-handedness; reading this book feels like meditation  -- full and empty at the same time. Much like his characters' lives.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This Movie was easily the greatest movie I have ever seen.  At nopoint was I not amazed by its gorgeous cinemetography, or its plot that keeps the audience raptured.  This movie told you to think outside the box, so natuarally those who cling to the inner walls of the box will resent the message in this movie. I work in a movie theatre and this movie was definently snubbed by the public, looking at the title and wondering why Jean Claude Van Damme wasn't in it. The fact that the DVD will be a double disc crammed full with features only goes to show how much thought and care was put into this great film. I say film because a movie is something made by production companies to earn money.  While Fight Club is a film because it certainly did not make money, it also gives the world a message about your world and how to percieve it. I would seriously recommend to anyone to inves the $4.75 needed to rent this movie.
B0000076DH|5.0|&quot;This CD is one of their best. Besides containing the FM classic, &quot;I'm Your Captain&quot;, There a few great tunes that you'll never hear on the radio.But then again thats always been the case for GFR.  Classic rock stations will play Led Zeppelin 'til the cows come home, but  will only occassionally play the same two or three Grand Funk songs. The  boy's from Flint have a lot more to offer. &quot;Sin's a Good mans  Brother&quot;, is about as hard rockin as you can get, borderlining on  heavy metal-[a genre that has always been credited to being pioneered by  Zeppelin and Black Sabbath. Critcs should have been paying attention to  what was happening state-side in the mid West.]The song &quot;Nothing is  the Same&quot; is a great &quot;coming of age&quot; diddy on which Mel  Schacher lays down one hell of a bass line. &quot;Aimless Lady&quot;, an  instructional on how to pick up zoned out groupies, is another good one.  The keyboard driven blues-ballad, &quot;Mean Mistreater&quot;, is touching  if not depressing.&quot;I Don't Have to Sing The Blues&quot; is bit  chauvinistic, while &quot;Hooked on Love&quot; brings out the bands'  naivete. This CD is a must for any ones rock collection, Especially if your  a Grand Funk fan.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I am not a big Moby fan, but I was completely stunned and overcome with  how incredible this album is.  Every song is a testament to joy and it has  no false notes. I can't stress enough that this is probably one of the  great albums in the history of rock music, an absolutely essential  recording.  Please check it out.
B0000076DH|5.0|&quot;This CD is one of their best. Besides containing the FM classic, &quot;I'm Your Captain&quot;, There a few great tunes that you'll never hear on the radio.But then again thats always been the case for GFR.  Classic rock stations will play Led Zeppelin 'til the cows come home, but  will only occassionally play the same two or three Grand Funk songs. The  boy's from Flint have a lot more to offer. &quot;Sin's a Good mans  Brother&quot;, is about as hard rockin as you can get, borderlining on  heavy metal-[a genre that has always been credited to being pioneered by  Zeppelin and Black Sabbath. Critcs should have been paying attention to  what was happening state-side in the mid West.]The song &quot;Nothing is  the Same&quot; is a great &quot;coming of age&quot; diddy on which Mel  Schacher lays down one hell of a bass line. &quot;Aimless Lady&quot;, an  instructional on how to pick up zoned out groupies, is another good one.  The keyboard driven blues-ballad, &quot;Mean Mistreater&quot;, is touching  if not depressing.&quot;I Don't Have to Sing The Blues&quot; is bit  chauvinistic, while &quot;Hooked on Love&quot; brings out the bands'  naivete. This CD is a must for any ones rock collection, Especially if your  a Grand Funk fan.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I am not a big Moby fan, but I was completely stunned and overcome with  how incredible this album is.  Every song is a testament to joy and it has  no false notes. I can't stress enough that this is probably one of the  great albums in the history of rock music, an absolutely essential  recording.  Please check it out.
B0000076DH|5.0|&quot;This CD is one of their best. Besides containing the FM classic, &quot;I'm Your Captain&quot;, There a few great tunes that you'll never hear on the radio.But then again thats always been the case for GFR.  Classic rock stations will play Led Zeppelin 'til the cows come home, but  will only occassionally play the same two or three Grand Funk songs. The  boy's from Flint have a lot more to offer. &quot;Sin's a Good mans  Brother&quot;, is about as hard rockin as you can get, borderlining on  heavy metal-[a genre that has always been credited to being pioneered by  Zeppelin and Black Sabbath. Critcs should have been paying attention to  what was happening state-side in the mid West.]The song &quot;Nothing is  the Same&quot; is a great &quot;coming of age&quot; diddy on which Mel  Schacher lays down one hell of a bass line. &quot;Aimless Lady&quot;, an  instructional on how to pick up zoned out groupies, is another good one.  The keyboard driven blues-ballad, &quot;Mean Mistreater&quot;, is touching  if not depressing.&quot;I Don't Have to Sing The Blues&quot; is bit  chauvinistic, while &quot;Hooked on Love&quot; brings out the bands'  naivete. This CD is a must for any ones rock collection, Especially if your  a Grand Funk fan.
B000001Y5D|5.0|Linda Perry really sings her heart out on this album, and is nicely backed up by the band.  Her singing is truly intense, and unlike many female vocalists she can sing strongly without screeching.<br />Pleasantly Blue,  Morphine &amp; Chocolate, Spaceman, Dear Mr. President, Drifting and What's  up are the strongest tracks, but there are no bad numbers on this  album.<br />The only blemish is a dropout 30 seconds into Drifting (right at a  really energetic moment too), which is annoying.<br />Buy this album!
6304196938|5.0|When I first rented this movie, I rented it after two others.  Namely &quot;Psycho&quot; and &quot;Vertigo&quot;.  After seeing those two, I thought how can he improve.  When my mom suggested to me that we watch  &quot;North by Northwest&quot;, I was a little apprehensible.  I wanted to  see &quot;The Birds.&quot;  But from the Bond-like titles with the  fantastic musical score by Bernard Herrman to the final scene on the train,  I was captivated.  After seeing this movie, I nominated it as my favorite  of all and rushed out to see every Cary Grant movie that I could find.  I  also nominated him as my favorite actor.  I found his acting in this movie  similar to George Lazenby's in &quot;On Her Majesty's Secret Service.&quot;   Eva Marie Saint was wonderful and with all of the lines that this movie  coined, my favorite was &quot;she uses sex like some people use a fly  swatter.&quot;  If your looking for a barely dated movie, then you should  see &quot;North by Northwest.&quot;
B000002UV9|5.0|As a music listener I have appreciated the works of &quot;Kansas&quot;, &quot;Pink Floyd&quot;, &quot;Jimmy Hendricks&quot;, &quot;Led Zepplin&quot;, and other intellegent rockers.  As time passed I thought I  was loosing my place in the rock world until my brother bought this CD.  We  couldn't believe what we were hearing.  Real music!   Variety is the key to  this recording.  The barrel rolls of great guitar licks begin in &quot;Best  I Can&quot; and co-mingle with well timed feed back (Jimmy would have been  proud) and glide into a flow of musical ballads from one song to another  (has anyone ever heard of segway?) until a soft landing at the end of  &quot;Anybody Listening?&quot;.  It's good to know somebody cares about  nurturing the emotion of the music.  Smart, Quality music.  Thank you  Queensryche, for saving me from todays music! (It's not ALL bad, but now I  have a place to go when I need to feel closer to the 90's).
6304493681|5.0|You'll surely will fall in love with it after watching this full of suspence thriller. Mamoru Oshii proves to be the best director of this kind, and you can surely believe me that this movie will not be forgotten  soon.. in plain words - great value for money :)))
0385484518|5.0|This was an excellent book. I'm not a reader, but I read this book in two days.  It reminded me that life is short and we shouldn't take it for granted.  I gave this book as a gift to all my friends who dedicate their  life to their JOBS.  This book brings to light what's MOST important.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix is a action movie with a great plot. <br />I've seen it more than 3 times in the movie theaters and each time I enjoyed the plot,action,graphics and great sound track. <br />IF YOU SEE ONE MOVIE THIS  YEAR....         ........SEE THE MATRIX
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I have been listening to offspring for a long time and they are probably  my favorite band; so, i had to give 'em props with 5 stars.  This CD does  rock and i love it, but, if your only going to buy 1 offspring CD buy  Smash.  Americana has drifted severly from punk into pop.  Some of the  songs are still like their older music (punk), but some of them (Pretty fly  for a white guy, Why don't you get a job, and a few more) have turned  severly from punk.  Don't get me wrong, a lot of the songs on this album  are really cool (Have you Ever, Staring at the Sun).  So, if your looking  for punk, buy Smash or Ixnay on the Hombre.  But, this CD isn't all that  bad.  So, if you're seriously considering buying this CD, I say go for it,  otherwise grab Smash.
B00000JPH5|5.0|Saw it with my sister and my favorite aunt on the video almost 10 years ago and we all really ENJOYED it! We truly did relished in all those funny Muppet characters, that wicked humor, such creative visual gags, and all  that glittery magic to grace such a movie! And I love it about how the  beautiful dark-haired young heroine suddenly goes tumbling into the  otherworldly land to search desperately for her lost baby brother that she  had wanted to get rid of in the first place and encountered all those  wonderfully fantastic creatures to befriend along the way! And oh, that  David Bowie would make you really blush! Wow. As a result, my beloved aunt  and I were temporarily drawn under his very seductive spell and survived!  But I'm still thankful the lovely Jennifer wasn't really looking for  romantic love in the the first place like all the other teenaged fairytale  heroines, nevertheless. So go ahead and enjoy such an enchanting ride,  folks!
B000009ED0|1.0|Run away as fast as you can!  Kid Rock is arguably the worst song writter  ever!  Don't waste your time even looking at the CD case.  I...this CD...I  mean...MY GOD! You can't put into words how BAD of an &quot;artist&quot;  Kid Rock is.  All I can say is bawitdaba you arse as far away from any of  Kid Rock's music as you can!
B00000255F|5.0|Springsteen's best. This is his magnum opus. Bob Dylan had Blonde on  Blonde, The Beatles had Sgt. Pepper, The Boss has Born to Run.
0553278398|5.0|After I finished reading Foundation and Earth and realized the future of humanity and the galaxy, I was VERY intersted to read about Hari Seldon and how psychohistory played a roll in Daneel's dated plans for  humanity.<br />Asimov, once again, did not fail in painting a very different  picture of the human, Hari Seldon.  I was very used to hearing him refered  to has a wise, wonderful, intelligent, caring old man.  But the reality is,  he was horribly normal in his personality, something I found  fascinating.<br />I also find interesting how the people of the Foundation  only really acknowledge Seldon for psychohistory, whereas, the reality was  that there were hundreds of people who worked on it, and on top of that,  most of the progressive breakthoughs in making psychohistory a reality were  not done by Seldon himself, but by someone who history choose to  forget.<br />It is also interesting to see the fall of the Empire before  Seldon and how quickly things fell apart.<br />To fully understand Foundation,  you must really understand the character of Hari Seldon, and thus, you must  read this book.  Enjoy!
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down lands at the forefront of the &quot;new metal&quot; movement with their self-titled debut album.  I first heard of these guys when Snot brought them up to Santa Barbara to play a show with Manhole (now Tura Satana).  Serj and the boys rocked the crowd hard, and left an  indelible impression in my mind.  Whenever I saw a mention of System in the  press, I would remember that show as one of the most impressive I'd  seen.<br />The album is musically tight as a lock.  Musically System mix it up  from metal riffs to Rage Against The Machine-esque guitar squeals; the  songs race along at breakneck speed and then slow to a stop with no  warning.  &quot;War?&quot; is the album's anthem, a denunciation of the  hypocrisy and greed that fuels all war efforts in our time.  Other standout  tracks are &quot;Darts&quot;, &quot;Mind&quot;, &quot;Soil&quot;, and  &quot;Know.&quot;  System may not be as MTV-friendly as Limp Bizkit or as  hardcore as Pantera, but somehow they manage to walk a finer and truer  line.  Their politics are spoken from the heart, and their music is  crushing, melodic, compelling and rocking all at the same time.
B000002GIE|5.0|When I first bought the &quot;Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure  Soundtrack&quot;I was blown away by a song on there called &quot;PLAY WITH  ME&quot;.Right away I knew I had to go out and find out what EXTREME was  all about,I was amazed by all the guitar work by NUNO it was fresh and  exciting,after I heard this album I was hooked.This CD is much more RAW  than their later ones and alot less  overproduced with that funk-grove  sound that later became their signature sound,so if you like good old  simple sounding Rock this is the best of EXTREME
B000031WD9|5.0|this unrated stuff is great. the movie great funny and a certain I dont know what. the unrated version is much better than the R-rated. I am a teenager and I am seventeen and if you are too buy this movie.
B0000024RZ|5.0|This album actually helped shape who I am politically and socially. Before  I heard this album I was very naive and apathetic of the world around me  and the issues confronting mankind.<br />Bob gave me a good shake and lit a  fire inside of me that burns to this day. &quot;Boots of Spanish  Leather&quot; is the great love song of the album but the real impact comes  with &quot;The Lonesome Death of Hatti Carroll&quot;, &quot;The Times They  Are A' Changing&quot;, &quot;Only a Pawn in Their Game&quot;, and  &quot;When the Ship Comes In&quot;. &quot;Restless Farewell&quot; is also  fantastic(sort of Bob's &quot;My Way&quot;). THANKS BOB!!
B000002BPS|5.0|This is one of the best cds ever.  I loved all the songs esp. Gone Away,  Meaning of Life, and I choose. Offspring rule
B0000024R8|5.0|&quot;Bob Dylan&quot; - An album that has sort of been ignored through the  years, partially because Dylan only has a couple original songs on the  album. But, to fully understand the man and what he would later become  artistically, you must experience this amazing, gritty piece of  Americana.<br />This album is not just folk, contrary to popular belief,  neither was Bob...not really....this album is many things...blues, folk,  gospel...sung and played by a real bluesman. It is a great collection of  songs that are expressed from the soul.<br />The performances are quite  spectacular for such a young man to be singing them. &quot;In My Time of  Dying&quot;, &quot;You're No Good&quot;, &quot;Man of Constant  Sorrow&quot;, &quot;Gospel Plow&quot; and &quot;House of the Rising  Sun&quot; are among the classics. &quot;Song to Woody&quot;, written by Bob  is beautiful. A MUST HAVE!
B00000DHRZ|2.0|I don't know what this was but it wasn't offspring and all of you people  who claim to be offspring fans by listening to pretty fly just suck
B00000J2KT|5.0|This is the best and most realistic Vietnam war movie ever made. If you are looking for a true account of the war and not a glamorized version, you've found it.  I am a marine, and I know what the Island is like.  (That's Paris Island, SC)  You can't pass up the oppurtunity to see the  best war film ever recorded.  Kubrick is a master!
B000002MP2|5.0|Green Day is the best band ever.  I bought this CD like 5 years a go and i  have not stopped listening to it once!! You are not a true lover of punk  rock if you don't have this CD.  Green Day RULZ!!
B00000K0DT|4.0|This is the best Kevin Spacey movie yet. This movie will keep you rivited. It slows down a little in the middle, but it has the best ending of any movie yet.  If this is the only movie you buy, you won't be disappointed.
0385484518|1.0|It is a little inauthentic for Albom to create a book thattells us not to be ambitious, to avoid chasing money or fame in a bookdesigned to increase both his fortune and fame.  If he were serious, he would have given much more than the advance away.
6305657947|3.0|Russo delivers a fantastic performance.  She should wear transparent dresses more ofter! The bed scene with Brosnan was fantastic.  If you love a toples Russo, this is a must see.
B00000IQBM|5.0|I saw the movie late at night, sitting in the dark by myself.  What an experience!  Everything in the movie gave me chills.  The kid is freaky, so is the mom and of course the incredible Jack Nicholson.  Kubrick makes  carpets look freaky; his camera angles give you the creeps (when Danny is  playing in the hotel on his tricycle!)  That movie, even though there is  not one single drop of blood, is the scariest movie I have ever seen.   Stanley Kuvrick was a genius!
0375703764|1.0|Predictable and banal.  Jumps on a dull, tired bandwagon for geeks.  Don't bother, just head straight to Edgar Allen Poe - he wrote this story a century or so ago and a hundred times better than this.
6300183971|1.0|In Dune, Frank Herbert crafted a complex society with extreme deftness.  The book contains so many layers that one can read it again and again -- as I have at least once a year for the past 30 years -- appreciating it anew  each time.  OTOH, this movie is so cartoonish and ham-handed, that it made  me squirm with discomfort.  All of the subtlety of the book was discarded  in favor of special effects and carpet-eating performances.  Possibly the  most distressing feature was the transmutation of Voice from a special  physical ability developed through diligent effort into a  mechanically-produced effect.  Since one of the underlying tropes of the  book is the development of self, this betrayal of the essential unity of  the piece was shocking in the extreme.  Save your money, and read the book!
6304493681|5.0|This film is a piece of the triple crown of japanime.  A must-see for all who enjoy not only anime, but a story about our own humanity.  Not many films are as thought provoking as Ghost in the Shell, and even fewer are as  good.  Check out AKIRA(if you can find it) and Ninja Scroll as well.  You  cannot be disappointed. Does anybody know why Akira id not availale on DVD?  To me, that is blasphemous to not have this title available on DVD.  I  hope they release it again soon.
0880389052|5.0|this book it a must. homeland is the beginning of a great quest and the first trial in wich drizzt has to overcome it will take you to see how he becomes a weapon master and a few books latter learns how to look at his  burdun hes been caring from the place he could never call home and will  soon become a drow elf/Ranger and then the fun and excitement will really  begin Please stay with him at the end of the triogy he will finely find a  home and new friends and excellent adventers
0375703764|3.0|First off, I was never scared - so on a pure horror basis, this is a &quot;2 star.&quot; The author's style is unique (least I've not seen it before). On page 20, its entertaining. On page 145, flipping all over the  place is irritating. 90% of the footnotes within footnotes (yes, within  footnotes) are irrelevant. The story is good but delivered in a  questionable fashion. If you have nothing better to read, okay. But with so  many other good (4&amp;5 star) books out there...
0790732203|4.0|Well acted and directed. Intelligent, funny and erotic without being graphic. There are a few extras with the DVD version, trailers and the making of the famous &quot;put my father's car in Lake Michigan&quot;  scene. If they made a sequel, I wonder what Joel would be doing today?
630197154X|5.0|Wow!  What an inspiring film.  After watching, the film's themes will resonate in your body very loudly.  The acting is absolutely superb.  Faye Dunaway plays her character with just the right amount of &quot;nothings  going to stop me&quot;, and vulnerability.  Peter Finch takes on a  complicated role but plays it wonderfully.(You totally believe him.)   William Holden also adds another dimension with his &quot;right-on&quot;  characterization.  This movie has a very raw quality and moves you to raw  emotions.  Watch for the scene where Faye Dunaway and Peter Holden are  going to sleep together.  It is brilliant!  If you are an actor, writer,  direcotor, or just enjoy movies, this one is for you.
B0000024SD|5.0|&quot;Bringing It All Back Home&quot; is Bob's introduction into the world of electrical experimentation. The first side of this album is full of well-written, funny at times, gritty rockers. It immediately kicks into  gear with &quot;Subterranean Homesick Blues&quot; and the remaining first  side lives up to the early promise with songs such as &quot;She Belongs to  Me&quot;, &quot;Maggie's Farm&quot;, &quot;Outlaw Blues&quot; among  others.<br />The second half brings Bob back to the acoustic guitar and  harmonica, but delivers big time with sparkling compositions including  &quot;Mr. Tambourine Man&quot;, &quot;Gates of Eden&quot;, &quot;It's  Alright Ma, I'm Only Sighing&quot; and finishes off with the memorable  &quot;It's All Over Now, Baby Blue&quot;. A great album that changed the  face of popular music. The band playing with Dylan is a little unstable and  unsure of itself at times, but does manage to capture the right mood of  Zimmy's songs. A great starting point for those new Dyan fans who want to  hear him rock a little! A++++
6305657947|5.0|well, what shall i say.... This movie is great, both brosman and Russo did a fine job.... Who cares if russo doesn't look good naked... if you want to watch someone naked and look good, buy some porn. This movie has a great  theme and entertaining. A must watch, and possibly a should buy
B0000024RQ|5.0|&quot;Freewheelin' Bob Dylan&quot; offers Bob Dylan's most superb folk/protest album of them all! This is the album that changed many lives for the better with it's powerful, provoking lyrics, catchy melodies, with  just the right touch of blues tossed together with a witty sense of  humor.<br />The album contains classics like &quot;Blowin' in the Wind&quot;,  &quot;Master of War&quot;, &quot;A Hard Rain's A-Gonna Fall&quot;,  &quot;Oxford Town&quot; and &quot;Talkin' World War 3 Blues&quot;. Every  song is great and Bob's singing and harmonica playing is cleared than at  any other time during this artistic period. Bob's liberalism comes shining  through, but he was being quite &quot;politically incorrect&quot; at a time  when these views were definately not as accepted as they are today. His  other folk/protest albums are great, but this is the best.
0385302320|4.0|After reading Outland and Dragonfly in Amber, I couldn't wait to read this third installment!  What happens 20 years later?  Well, guaranteed, you won't be able to put the book down, as it summarizes the lives of Jamie and  Claire during their 'hiatus'.  I thought the book would drag, with the two  being separated, but it was even more compelling to see how they carried on  with their lives.  Not to mention that you can't WAIT to see what happens  when they meet up again.  Unfortunately, after they finally reunite, it  drags a bit...there's little subplots that keep you entertained, but it's  nothing compared to the joy you'll experience when you read the first half.   A good read, and I'm looking forward to Drums of Autumn....
B000002552|5.0|Some people love this album, including most critics. Others don't see what the big deal is. They claim the playing is not serious and the sound quality is weak. Well, they're right...and they're wrong. The point to this  album is how Bob Dylan and The Band manage to capture a special creative  moment on tape. The songs are not polished or lavishly produced in a  studio, but if they were I don't think they would have the same  appeal.<br />The album is hypnotic, real and humorous. The songs fit well  together and there are plenty of gems including &quot;Going to  Acapulco&quot;, &quot;Nothing Was Delivered&quot;, &quot;Orange Juice  Blues&quot; and &quot;Wheels On Fire&quot;. Other artists don't make pure,  honest music like this anymore and it's a shame.<br />This album is timeless  regardless of what some might think about the lack of production. By the  way, &quot;Clothes Line Saga&quot; is one of the funniest songs ever done,  but catch the point of the song in the line...&quot;I just do what I'm  told, so I did it of course!....only Dylan could come up with something so  grabbing after such silliness.
B00000G6KG|5.0|Thrash. Smash. Scream. Wham-diddly-boom-bam. THE END.<br />Absolut Brutality.<br />Fastest and best thus far by Slayer. Give it a whirl. It will rip you apart.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Anyways, this album certainly does rock. It does rival Dark Side and is definetly worth buying. I highly suggest it to anyone who enjoys great music (and that is actually a rare thing these days).
B000002VC5|5.0|This arrangement by the The Alan Parsons Project is one of the best if not the best progressive rock classic ever composed. All engineered before the advantage of digital processing. If you don't own any APP, this is the  place to start. If you do own some APP, what are you waiting for? This  album features superb instrumentals and emotional vocals blended with  chilling sound effects. The concept was years ahead of its time and still  plays well in todays world. When listening to each song, ask yourself, is  it written from the point of view of a man or the point of view of a robot?
6305750750|5.0|Quite simply, Star Wars:  Episode I-The Phantom Menace is an absolutely brilliant movie.  Slammed by critics and dissed byeven the hardest of Star Wars fans who expected too much, this movie is one of the biggest  blockbusters of all time.  George Lucas has the knack for a blockbuster (He  has 3 or so in the Top 10) and with TPM, he was able to use his unequalled  creative ability to the fullest to create something unparalled to which has  never been seen before.  To now realize he was not limited to technology or  financial constraints, we can see the awesome spectacle that is The Phantom  Menace.  Then, most fans go out and tear it apart. Are you true SW fans?  I  was fearful that I would expect too much and I wanted to go to the theatre  only knowing a little, which is hard because I am involved with Star Wars  very much.  The Phantom Menace couldn't even be ignored by the Academy of  Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, although the critics wished they had,  because of the technical and CG brilliance of Lucas' ILM and Skywalker  Sound.  I am anticipating the release on VHS any day now and will have the  patience to wait for it on DVD.  Most of you don't know why there is no DVD  release, so don't complain.  It will happen and in the meantime, enjoy what  we have been so lucky to have, STAR WARS!
B000001FN3|5.0|The Alan Parsons Project kicks off on a never-ending journey with this, the first of many great masterpieces. If you are looking for music that sounds great with the headphones, this is it. If you like instrumentation  that sends chills up your spine, this is it. If you are looking for music  that tells a chilling story, this is it. If your looking for vocalist that  sing with strong feelings and emotion, this is it. No matter what kind of  music you like, if you truly like music, you will appreciate this  production. Buy it!
6305350205|4.0|Star Trek V: The Final Frontier is an imaginative adventure that, of all the &quot;Star Trek&quot; films, really brought me back to the old 60's series.  People complain about it's somewhat &quot;out there&quot; plot,  it's sub-par visuals, and so forth, but these things all add to the charm  and fun of watching &quot;Star Trek&quot;.  OK...so it has really bad  continuity flaws and some overboard humor.  It's just a movie...and a  pretty good one if you just get over it!<br />When I first saw the film in  1989, it was my favorite Trek movie.  Now that I'm older, I can see that it  IS flawed, but the fun and twisty plot, the banter between the characters,  the action, and the musical score are all pure &quot;Star Trek&quot;.<br />I  think that people who don't like this movie are trying to take things WAY  to seriously.  Watch the original episodes from the 60's!  They're made the  same way, and nobody complains about them being terrible!  I liked the  &quot;seriousness&quot; of the other films, but William Shatner knew it was  time to lighten up and bring that campy fun back.<br />At the same time, the  movie does have many good, dramatic points.  The character interaction and  development in &quot;Final Frontier&quot; is better than any other Trek  movies.  All of the scenes fillmed in the ship's observation lounge are  excellent. Jerry Goldsmith's music is awesome.<br />Bottom line: you've got:  1. vulcans 2. hijacked Enterprise 3. klingon war-mongers 4. battles on  desert planets 5. humor 6. drama between Kirk, Spock, and Bones ...sounds  like a classic episode to me!<br />Lighten up and enjoy this often fun and  sometimes dramatic and deep film!
B00001MXWX|4.0|Insurrection is not the best of all Trek movies, but also not the wrost one. I think it is the most beautiful Star Trek movie than ever made. When I saw this movie at theater first time, I have a terrible feeling. Because  it doesn't look good as First Contact.             Then I watched it again  with VHS version, my feeling have changed and I find out myself really love  this film. Although the storyline is not epic, and I really like the scenes  that Enterprise-E fight with Son'a warships. It remind me THE WRATH OF  KHAN. I comment if there are one or more TNG movies, they should direct by  Jonathan Frakes. Because he is the best STAR TREK movie Director.
0783240287|5.0|My school just put on Joseph and it was amazing! I loved doing it and the songs are up beat and great too!
0553208845|5.0|...and all the inexplicables things of spiritual life, reality, the world, about you and the others,about the way you have to follow to understand the reality: to know God.  In small words and, with a simplicity he make you  learn how is the way of all the searchers.  I guess this book is  recommended for all people that has the small seed inside them, because  make you feel that you are not alone.  It make you be sure that is real  &quot;this&quot; that you feel inside of you, and also that the best thing  to do is to follow your feelings, because God is there talking to you.
B000002LMM|5.0|I never saw the show but the soundtrack is truly amazing.  I listen to it every night before drifting off to sleep.  It is beautiful, romantic, soothing, hypnotic.  Definitely worth listening to.
6302814782|5.0|I cannot even say how much I love this movie!  It's got scary parts, funny parts, everything!  Also, the freakiest-looking vampires of any movie ever made.  Watching it makes you wonder, &quot;What happened to these  people?&quot;  They all put on great performances, but most have been  forgotten.  After all these lame little horror movies like  &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, it's  nice to go back in time, so to speak, to when they knew how to make a good  scary movie.  Okay, so it's not the scariest movie ever, but it's one of  the best.
B000001FN1|5.0|Does your local town have a &quot;Rock&quot; station?  Do they have a request line?  Pick up the phone true believers of &quot;METAL&quot; and let them know that you want DORO on the air.....Her latest release Love Me  In Black is awesome, just like Triumph and Agony.....THIS CD TOTALLY  ROCKS.....tell the local staions that you are tired of hearing Led  Zeppelin, and your sick of Pearl Jam.....play something real........play  DORO
B00003CWPQ|5.0|So you want to know what Eyes Wide Shut is all about huh?  Well don't ask me because, being art, this film is open to interpretation.  However, the best way to an artist's point is through the title.  What does it mean?  To  whom does it apply?  Does it mean anything at all?  (Hint:  riddle me this,  riddle me that, what does The Shining have to do with the theme and focus  of the movie other than a nifty name for a special gift?  By the way, if  you have a valid and logical answer, please let me know because I am  completely open to learning new things)  Anyway, back to my point.  I had  no point.  So do you finally get it.  You thought you were going to read  another review from a nobody who thinks they are a somebody.  Same thing  happend to Dr. William Harford.  He thought he had everything planne out.   He had a profitable medical practice, a beautiful  and intellegente wife, a  little rug rat.  He had everything while at the same time having nothing.   That's the art.  Kubrick, the directorial genius of no rival, took you on a  great long dream.  he duped you.  But it got you thinking didn't it.  You  started thinking about sex. (oh my!, how awful and perverted and sinful of  you.  Good Job, your growing up)  Nothing could be more helpful to opening  your mind than turning off the lights and making it find its way out of the  cave.  This is one of the greatest films I have ever had the honor of  watching.  To not have been given critical praise in America only goes to  show how conservative and closed minded a people we are.  I feel for my  future and that of my children if this pattern continues.  But enough of my  ranting and raving.  See the movie, be amazed and think.
B000002U82|1.0|Gosh, almost 400 people reviewed this album, most of them gushing about its genius and classic stature, etc., etc.  There must be something special about it.  All I can do is give my sincere opinion.  I bought it at age 14  after hearing repeatedly how beautiful, powerful, profound and spacey it  was.<br />My first listen was like being splashed with cold lamb fat.  My  second was like being doused with cold lamb fat.  My third was like being  drowned in cold lamb fat.  My fourth....<br />It's not just that it was  boring, prissy (in that whimsical English way that is disgusting when  leeched of all sense of humor), and self-reverential.  The studio effects  made me feel distanced from the band, their message, and every note they  played.  It was not unlike a digital prostate exam conducted by an aloof  old grouch with dubious credentials and some mighty cold petroleum jelly!  Not even the kind of creepiness you can enjoy, you know?<br />All of the  Weighty Meditations on time, money, materialism, madness, blah blah seemed  embarrassingly trite to me, if not pretentious; I had read much headier  stuff long ago.  Imagine that old doctor, rubber glove in effect, lecturing  you about the Way of the World in a weary, sing-song timbre.  Blaugh!  Meanwhile, he's wrapped in layer upon layer of sparkling chintz that he  considers classy, yet actually is rather sad and impedes his movements like  a straitjacket.  He coos ominously about &quot;softly spoken magic  spells.&quot;  And, just when you think the session is finally over, he  soberly lifts that vat of lamb fat and pours.<br />Later I grew to love  (temporarily) albums like &quot;The Wall,&quot; &quot;Animals,&quot; and  &quot;Meddle,&quot; because the intricacy yet immediacy of the music  allowed me to ignore the dour, obvious lyrics.  But I never warmed to  DSOTM.  That would be like warming to a public restroom with Smart  Toilets.<br />Thank Ian that hardcore came along and saved me while I was  still young &amp; springy &amp; full of zest.  If you are none of these  things, this album will speak to you, maaaaan!  Otherwise, prevent cruelty  to lambs.  Boycott this CD.p; springy &amp; full of zest.  If you are none of these  things, this album will speak to you, maaaaan!  Otherwise, prevent cruelty  to lambs.  Boycott this CD.
0375420525|5.0|A documentary surfaces in academic circles,showing a house that, depsite the best measurements of the owner and his surveyor friend, is 1/32&quot; wider on the inside than the outside.  One day the house produces an extra  hallway door, beyond which is icy dark and a hallway of constantly changing  dimensions, leading to a staircase which goes down for miles, maybe  thousands of miles. The owner and his friends conduct several multiday  expeditions, leading to--well, you'll have to find out yourself. The film  may be a hoax, it may not even exist, but it's given rise to thousands of  commentaries and analyses, many of which are reproduced in the insanely  voluminous footnotes.<br />We know about the film from the academic treatise  of one Zamporo, who was recently found dead in his apartment which he had  sealed, blackened, and shut off from all outside light.  His immensely  detailed research, myriads of footnotes (many with their own footnotes) and  epigrams and commentaries in a dozen languages including Old English, were  found and assembled by one Truant, who adds as much text via his own  footnotes and ramblings as was in Zamporo's original work.  It's Truant's  book you're holding as youread; it was published shortly after Truant  himself was found dead in his room, having taped and sealed the room from  all outside light, and having covered the walls with yardsticks, the better  to know if the walls should change by so much as a millimeter.<br />[There are  some Old English quotes scattered about (foreign languages are usually  translated, if not immediately), and the writer knows this material; the  images of circling hawks and kites recurs several times; in the Old English  epics hawks, circling over battlefields, both predicted and symbolized  unlooked-for, inevitable death. I mention it to illustrate that this writer  isn't just working at the surface level of the various fields of knowledge  and endeavor that play into the book; the more you know, the more you glean  from the text, though the book is an utter grabber even if you don't  recognize any of the author's references.]<br />I won't get into the 200 pages  of appendices, results of wall samples from beyond the mysterious hallway,  footnotes rendered in mirror text, apparent typos which invariably resolve  themselves as you keep reading, photocopies of Truant's sketches of the  House (the word House is always capitalizedand printed in blue throughout  the text) encrypted messages from Truant's mother in the asylum,  &quot;commentaries&quot; by Stephen King, Camille Paglia, Ken Burns,  etc.<br />The New York Times' (superlative) review of House of LEaves  apparently took the jacket copy (describing the gradual accretion of the  non-fictional source materials for the book on the Internet, and in  rarified clandestine academic circles) at face value.  The whole thing is  by a first-time writer, Mark Danielewski.<br />Beyond the framing devices and  other gimmickry, this thing is, psychologically and symbolically, a hundred  miles deep.  Just incredible.
B00003Q438|5.0|THE ABYSS enthralled me when it first came out in 1989, but the ending always let me down a bit.  This restored Special Edition fixes that, making this one of the best movies Cameron has ever done.  There's a new depth  here that anyone too young to remember the Cold War era might not get, but  that those of us who lived through it can appreciate.  If the ending had  been intact in 1989, I suspect this movie would have been a lot better  recieved ... <br />The DVD itself is awesome.  Picture quality is A+.  The  sound is not the greatest, but it is more than servicable.  And the  extras!   Man, this is worth it.  The animated menus alone rock, and the  lead to a lot of interesting things (I especially liked all the archived  behind-the-scenes footage, including a time-lapse movie of the Deepcore  construction).
B000009RC2|3.0|It has its moments. The rib-crushing power of the electric instruments and  Billy Cobham's manic drum work are impressive enough, but the compositions  are less exciting. Think of it as '70s rock and roll with brains, and some  jazz sprayed in, but don't expect much more.
B000002NJS|4.0|For over 3 Years now, and this albums still spins in my CD Player.from the time Underworld/Substitute for love starts till Mer Girl ends.If you still haven't bought this album, You're missing out alot.
0394432029|4.0|Too bad Dahl's short story collections are so hard to find; he was one of the best, right up there with Saki and O. Henry.  This early collection has a few really delicious tales, particularly &quot;Parson's Pleasure&quot;  and &quot;The Landlady,&quot; and one about a baby that gets fed some sort  of special food and gradually turns into a giant bee -- just the kind of  thing only Dahl could pull off.  This collection is worth tracking down,  especially if you are a Dahl fan.
0679777547|5.0|Here we have a cross between the Latin American school of Magical Realism (see the fantastic elements of the text combined with the mundane) and the cool, reserved tradition of 20th century European fiction (there are  exceptions to this rule but generally it holds up).  The latter tradition  is concerned with a social realism that is viciously deadening.  However,  in the Perez-Reverte text there is an energy moving through the narrative  and characters that takes the reader beyond this.  One reviewer I read  called it a &quot;cross between Umberto Eco and Ann Rice&quot;.  As we all  know Rice cannot write but she has wonderful stories to tell...luckily  Perez-Reverte has both a great story, especially for book lovers and those  in love with post-structural theories of intertextuality, and he can write.  As many who've read this book I couldn't put it down and am looking  forward to reading his others: The Flanders Panel &amp; The Fencing Master.  A summer must read.
6305342741|1.0|I saw it on video last night, mainly for nostalgic reasons -- I saw it as a kid when it first was released on the big screen.  And for those who similarly want to recapture something of their childhood, I offer only  encouragement.  <br />But make no mistake, this is a horrible movie.  I'm sure  the special effects were good in their time, but they're pretty  unimpressive today.  That's not the problem, though.  The script is  horrible.  The acting is horrible.  The music is HORRIBLE.  The only good  thing about this movie is Maximilian Schell, and even his lines are totally  cliche.  But at least he's fun to listen to.<br />Let's agree, this movie was  really, really bad.<br />-- BM
6304539258|5.0|I think the digitally restored, special edition version of &quot;Star Wars&quot; is now the best of the series.  I had previously ranked &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; as number one.  But after seeing the  improvements in &quot;Star Wars-Special Edition&quot;, I would rank it at  the top.  I especially enjoyed the computer generated meeting between Han  Solo and Jabba the Hut.  Most of the other tweaks done to the movie are an  improvement too.
6305750750|5.0|When I read other viewers whining about the movie not living up to the hype I want to beat them over the head with a 17-inch monitor.  I saw this movie eight times in the theatre and once at a university screening.  I  enjoyed it every time.  When the text &quot;Episode I&quot; climbed the  screen on premiere night it was a special moment for everyone present.   Many cheered.  Some cried.  I smiled.  Jar jar was annoying at first but he  is essential to the movie, so don't go blaming his charachter.  Lucas wrote  a great story, though the deus ex machina technique is a bit irritating.   The light saber fights alone make this movie worth watching, and they put  them above the other movies in that respect.  This movie had more of a plot  than the other three.  In the others, the solution was obvious, the  execution was the problem.  In TPM though, the use of diversions is  brilliant.  The spacefighting scenes were okay.  I think we all hope for  some better sequences in number two.  Also, maybe a jedi using two  lightsabers...
6305313687|5.0|the movie is a must see. the only problem was the look of danny. he looked sloppy when in fact skinheads dress very neat. that goes for all types. still very acurate none the less.88!
038542471X|5.0|This book by far was result of pure genius! Grisham outdid himself with this book. I read it it two days. Being in graduate school, it is very difficult to find the time to read for pleasure. Not the case in this book  however. It is a real page turner. If you are reading Grisham for the first  time, I HIGHLY recommend starting off with The Client. God bless! :)
B000001GOZ|5.0|I have not yet heard all the Boulez/Mahler recordings and I intend to, but so far this Mahler 6th is the best of the cycle.  A great performance where only the 3rd movement disapoints some (only Karajan got that movement 100%  right).  As a whole how ever...it sounds excellant.  The VPO is on great  form and Boulez clearly has something to say on this great work<br />Highly  recommended
0385493800|5.0|This was a very good book in my opinion. I enjoyed it very much. The only thing I didn't like about it was that there was a little too much descriptive writing and not a lot of dialog. But once you get past that, it  is a book you CANNOT put down! It is a must to read! I am now a  Grisham-holic!
B00002Z88D|1.0|Remember when Metallica was cool? I do. Back in the day,they had a f*** you attitude,heavy guitars,hardly any air play except on college radio,the metalheads liked them (not the preps). 1991 it kinda started to fall,they  were becoming more popular,you saw preps at thier concerts,the band started  smiling in thier videos. 1996 was the beginning of the end. ....But I  didn't lose hope I thought maybe someday they would go back to thier roots  a little and do something cool like KILL EM ALL,RIDE,MASTER,or  JUSTICE....but no...they're totally content on being popular. Symphony?   Oh jeez. I don't even want to listen to their old albums any more. Thank  god there is still Slayer and Testament. Metallica are a bunch of dorks  now! Even if they do go back to thier roots,it will be too late.
0451198670|4.0|The Love Letter reads like a slow rolling August afternoon. As the title implies, letters provide the novel with a guiding factor as well as a source of misunderstanding between the brooding yet responsive Johnny, and  the domineering yet stimulating Helen. Helen, incidentally, is 42 years old  and the proprietor of the independent books where Johnny is an employee.  One morning, along with other forms of correspondence, Helen receives an  anonymous letter declaring love, lust and certain gravitational distortion.  Helen, who thrives on the short memo and the picture postcard, becomes  consumed by the contents of the letter. As Helen searches for the writer,  she discovers her attraction to Johnny, who is more than thrilled to jump  right in. Ms. Schine devotes several pages to burning internal questions  that distract from realistic thinking and play with your day.  She has  created a soft mystery instilled with deft observation and sensual  description.  Her obvious acceptance of unconventional love affairs is  refreshing. The Love Letter is a passive, pleasant fumbling toward nothing.
B00000JCOV|5.0|It is one of my best Cds! If you are intrested buy it you won't be sorry
0380796090|3.0|Watermelon's heroine, Claire, springs to life with a tantalizing beginning, &quot;February the fifteenth is a very special day for me.  It is the day I gave birth to my first child.  It is also the day my husband  left me.&quot;  Claire splits London and heads back to Dublin to stay with  her eccentric family.  Actually, they aren't as bizarre as one would hope.   They are in fact quite dull. Claire, although likeable, never truly strikes  one as compelling. Her pining for her husband becomes slightly trivial. Her  bout of depression uncorks when she flings herself into a wild crush with a  younger man who likes her because he thinks she is &quot;nice&quot;. Ms.  Keyes writing style tends to flood the pages with incessant detail.  She is  both a shower and a teller, but her telling becomes clipped and useless  after awhile. The conversations feel forced.  The hope was for a quick  humorous read but it didn't happen with this book.
B000001G6W|3.0|The recording is overall excellent; the chours, Wiener Singverein does not  sound &quot;excellent&quot;. I prefer the 1962 or the 1984  recordings of  Karajan. <br />I would recommend Claudio Abbado's or Sir Georg Solti (1974)'s  recordings of the 9th.
6305426651|5.0|I don't usually watch dramatic movies. I watch movies for entertainment, not to have my emotions torn apart. I wanted to see this movie when I saw Roberto win his first acadamy award. The pure joy that I saw intrigued  me.<br />I have not seen this movie dubbed in English, and I probably won't.  Every time that I have seen it, it was in Italian with English subtitles. I  don't think that it would have the same impact in English.<br />I was thrilled  with this movie during the whole thing. I did not make the mistake of  thinking that this was supposed to be real. I adored the love story in the  first part of the movie. When she went with him, on the horse, it actuall  curled my toes. The love story continued to the end of the movie. <br />The  movie is about emotions and how the way that we choose to deal with life  affects the others around you. Look at the other men in the bunkhouse with  them. They also ended up shielding the boy. I cried at the end, but I was  also ready to watch it again. I usually don't watch movies that make me cry  and I certainly do not ever watch them again. I do with this movie.
6302293553|5.0|No one movie on the history of man is this funny. Not even the great Mel Brooks can touch this masterpiece. This is the epitome of Python, the Mona Lisa of British comedy. The hilarious escapades of Arthur and his Knights  of the Round Table are simply the funniest skits you can find on VHS, DVD,  whatever the heck you can find moving pictures on. Even if you don't find  the movie funny, after you watch the movie you will at least understand  what the hell the guy in the next cubicle is alluding to when you hear a  spontaneous &quot;NI!&quot; ring out over the monotonous drone of a busy  workplace.
6303921248|5.0|Having browsed through some of the previous customer reviews of A&amp;E's Pride &amp; Prejudice (and there are an awful lot of them!) I was somewhat relieved to find out that I am not the only person to have watched this  series multiple times!  I have owned the tapes for some years now: after  having seen (and taped) the series on television when it first aired, I  decided that only actually owning the original tapes would do (I'm glad I  did, as there are some extra scenes contained therein).  I have never been  the type of person to watch any movie more than once, but this is the  exception!  I have watched this countless times, practically memorized the  dialogue, I'm embarrassed to admit, and never grow tired of it!  I love  this movie, and everyone I know who has watched it, loves this movie - I  can't recommend it highly enough!
B000003TA4|5.0|This album is Kurt Cobain putting on a show......it is easily the greatest album of all time. Smells Like Teen spirit, Stay Away, and Breed rock the house!  Buy this today, I promise you wont regret it!
0060920386|5.0|This book is really one of the finest of its genre.<br />It charts the story of Ross Johnson, the money and power hungry executive who unwittingly placed RJR Nabisco conglomerate on the road to ruin.<br />It takes a while to  get used to the writer's habit of bouncing around from plot to sub-plot and  character to character but when you reach the half way point in this book  it really becomes interesting.<br />Its almost like a roller coaster which  climbs slowly and suddenly starts speeding to its destination.<br />The story  turns and twists, dips and rises and is absolutely magnificent to read, I  couldn't put it down from the midway point.<br />This is a must in anybody's  library.
B00003CWPR|5.0|As with all of Kubrick's films, this one is a masterpiece.  It's slow pace compliments the waking dream atmosphere that set set up in every detail of this film.  It's almost hypnotic in the spell that it casts over the  viewer.  Watchig it over and over reveals more and more hints as to what is  a dream and what is not.  The quality of the DVD is excelent, highlighting  the strong primary colors of the Christmas lights.  And for those of you  complaining about the full screen aspect ratio: that is the way Kubrick  shot the film, the whole image is there, and it says so at the start of the  movie.
0783240503|5.0|I rented the movie last night and it made me feel like I did the first time I saw the show in Chicago.  It took my breath away.  I had goosebumps through the whole movie.  Of course Donny was as wonderful as ever and the  narrator, Maria, was just marvelous. She has such expression in her voice.   The whole cast did a fine job in capturing the excitment of this stage show  on to the screen.
B00000DGUG|5.0|I LOVE jagged little pill but all the songs on the album fall into the same catagory of music. This CD ranges from heavy rock to soft rock. If you want a variety of music you should get this one. &quot;Supposed Former  Infatuation Junkie&quot; is my favorite CD and I think everyone should have  it.
B000001F26|5.0|To have a CD collection without an Eric Clapton album included isn't  right.  This is an album that has so many gems that you will treasure it  for years.  Naturally my favourite is 'Layla' especially when it changes  into the instrumental piano at the end.  'Promises' is a favourite from  1978, and also included is the excellent 'Let it Grow'.  This is not a full  collection of songs as it does not contain Cream tracks, but it is perfect  if you only want Eric Clapton by himself up to 1982.  I also own &quot;The  Cream of Eric Clapton&quot; which features 99% of the tracks off this, plus  9 more including Cream tracks. Eric Clapton is one of the greatest  guitarist's in the world, and his music is timeless.
B00000K31V|3.0|I reviewed this video perviously and my comments on the film, which I think is a great one, can be found there.<br />I am now however compelled to write about the &quot;Dimension DVD&quot; release.  The Domestic eXistenZ  release is by Disney and is not worth its inflated price.  There is a  Canadian Release of the film by Alliance which is SIGNIFICANTLY better.   This release has 3 commentaries (Cronenberg, Suschitzky, Isssac) 1 in depth  doccumentary on Carol Spier (Prod Design) and sports a MUCH BETTER  transfer, it is darker but it doesn't look wonky like the Disney/Dimension  release.  Just for the record the Canadian release also has optional French  dub.
B000003CMC|5.0|i love it cant get enough of it mountain jam rocks the best band ever to walk gods green earth.
0783229887|3.0|A good film, but not at all like any other of the previous 'Child's Play' films. Lots of humour and lots of blood flow, and notice at the start in the police evidence room. the masks of 'Jason'and 'Michael Myers' along  with 'Freddy's' glove and 'Leatherface's' chainsaw. Overall B.O.C is a  watchable horror/comedy and contains an extremley bizarre(if what corny)  ending that opens doors to yet another sequel.
B000007443|5.0|I heard Steps for the first time in 1983 on their first American tour  right as this album was released. They were pure dynamite on stage and this  album captures the great material that they played then. It is a shame that  this release is still not available domestically, as it is the finest of  their American albums. Brecker has never sounded better and the groove that  Erskine laid down on &quot;Pools&quot; remains a model for classic jazz  drumming! 10 Stars for this one!
B00000GV55|4.0|Henry Cow taps into a realm of music often over-looked by the masses. In the tradition of more widely accepted artists such as King Crimson and Frank Zappa, Henry Cow blends a wide variety of instruments into a  syncopated, wild, wacky experience for the senses. &quot;Teenbeat&quot;  provides the main theme for the disc. The interplay between the woodwinds  and the drums is fascinating. Overall, if you appreciate  progressive/avante-garde music that is a little &quot;off-kilter&quot;,  this disc is a must-have.
B00000J2KX|5.0|When I first heard about it I had to see it, but my parents wouldn`t let me. Then after a couple of years I asked my mom if I could buy it since I seen it in columbia house. And she let me. And I`m really glad that I got  it. To all of you who are thinking about buying it, DO!  You won`t  regret it!
0767824571|1.0|I LOVED this movie BUT one of the things that's really neat about DVD is the secondary audio track(see GODZILLA or The Matrix)of director/editors comments... It is a must for those that love a movie....  Now Gillium and  Jones did a running commentary on there masterpiece in about 1978(I beleive  it appeared on the old 'laserdisk' system.)....        SO WHERE IS IT?    ......      SO&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; for that reason &gt;&gt;&gt;I CANT  RECCOMEND BUYING THIS DVD!  why spend the extra money for this dvd ...  (they made it on a shoestring so the audio and video are terrible) I'm  waiting for the REAL DVD version that will incorporate this audio track.
0783114893|2.0|If you think this is a horror movie you  are VERY wrong. So did I... This movie has almost NOTHING to do with hitchhiking. This is more of a cop chasing killer movie. Its not scary and I stress that. I bought this movie  and now I deeply regret it. Its okay for a thriller maybe but this movie is  not very good and hardly scary. Its just like &quot;The Chase&quot; only a  thriller. NOT A HORROR MOVIE!  The Hitchhiker isn't even  scary...
B00003CWPR|5.0|Just amazing.  Deceptively simple in plot, long on 'aura'.  A visual treat, and a display of craft to present a challenge to generations of directors to come.  Excellent transfer, great sound.  Many, many people  will NOT enjoy this movie, but if you love an exceptionally well-crafted  work, and are willing to look into it a bit, I do not think yhou will be  dissapointed.
B000004727|5.0|Everytime I listen to this cd I breakdown in tears.  Juan Mejia
0805062971|5.0|If you liked the movie, you should definitely check out this work of art.
B000002MTR|5.0|This album is definatly a Chili Peppers masterpiece.  Dave Navarro showed an extreme funk in this album and for all the real Chili peppers fans this is an album you must own.
6305750750|4.0|I thought this movie was pretty good. It stayed right in line with the other Star Wars movies. The special effects were great! I think this is one of the best movies put out in years.
0792835719|5.0|It is nice to see that some of the classic films of various genre are being DVDed.  Forbidden Planet, for any or all faults, belongs in all DVD collections.  For those stuck with VHS, get it anyway. If you saw it when  originally released, live it again.  For those who have never seen it,  stand by for a treat.  Don't blow some bucks on some stupid modern piece of  junk, get the *Planet*!
0375707972|3.0|This book was very interesting. My grandma grew up in Germany during the war and this story took me to that time. I really enjoyed the story of the strange relationship that these two people shared. The ending took a  strange twist but that just made it all the more real.
B000002O4S|5.0|this is a great cd, but John Williams did not score &quot;back to the future.&quot; Alan Silvestri did a fantastic job sounding like John Williams (or could it be the Zemeckis/Spielberg lineage?) and i highly  recommend this disc.
0440219078|5.0|This book is so alwsome! you can read it a million times and still get something new out of it every time! I myself have read it 4 times and i'm only 12!
B000002BQK|5.0|Like a butterfly, this CD is wild and free.  Mariah Carey's amazing vocal range continues to astonish me, and I just love some of these songs.  My favorite song on this album is &quot;4th of July.&quot;  I never could  understand why it wasn't a number one. If you are looking for a woman pop  star, this is definitely the way to go.  Go get 'em, Mariah!
B00000255X|5.0|This album is the best of Dylan[in my opinion].It starts with the well known &quot;hurricane&quot;[see the movie]which is outstanding.Hear the violin played by Scarlet Rivera and the strong voice from Dylan.Isis is the  next song and is an strange love story with a big performance by Rob Stoner  who plays the Bass.The songs Mozambique,One more cup of coffee,Oh  sister,Joey are brilliant.Romance in Durango is a song which has everything  just great!Black diamond bay and Sara compleet this tremendous album.
6305750750|1.0|First off I loved the Sw trilogy. But Episode 1 was like a combination Jedi and Barney. Jar-Jar had no place in the film. A LONG TIME AGO IN A GALAXY FAR FAAAAAR AWAY! This animated suicide reason was spouting off the worst of what ultra modern(MODERN) society thinks is cool! Now off of  Jar-Jar onto young Anakin. Well George ya did it...you found a worse child  actor than the Home Alone kid. Where was the Sixth Sense kid? <br />Now the  only reason Lucas made this film must be because Star Wars posters and  figures stopped selling, because he sure as heck didn't make it for the  fans. Instead he went the big money way of making a children's movie. True  the kids love it but in 10 yrs they'll hate themselves for it like  teenagers with Sesame Street.<br />And the latest sin of Lucases is not  releasing this or any other Star Wars film on DVD. The vhs release has a  minimal amount of features and is horribly over-priced! ...<br />DOWN WITH LUCAS!
B00003CWPR|1.0|Did they edit this movie?  It goes on and on.  The love scene between the husband and wife team has as much heat as a snowflake at the North Pole.  The last line by NK just sums up what you should do with your partner.   This is a video NO.
B0000028PI|5.0|God I love this album. Probably his best since Welcome to my Nightmare. It  gives of a dark eerie feel just from the cover. Definitly Alice at his  best. &quot;Lost In America and Sideshow&quot; are too light for this  album. &quot;Nothings Free, Bad Place Alone, Your my Temptation, Unholy  War, and the epic Clensed By Fire&quot; are Cooper classics.The ballads  &quot;Its Me and Stolen Prayer&quot; are his most listenable ballads since  &quot;Only Women   Bleed. &quot;Lullaby&quot; is a true step into Alice's  insanity side. I hope his next album is as great as this one. BUY IT!!!
B00002ZMNW|5.0|All I can say is Juan Miguel Pineda review of this is TOTALLY wrong. I have been a metallica fan for quite awhile and to be honest I was a little leary about them performing with the san francisco symphony, but I was  amazed when I first heard it. The orchastra fills in some parts of the  classic Metallica songs(One and Master of Puppets) that were other wise  somewhat dull. This is music at its best. I would just like to quite  something I read in a magizine review of S&amp;M, &quot;nothing says rock,  like an angery cello.&quot;
0783222955|5.0|This was a wonderful movie mainly because it touches all aspects of life; parenthood,childhood, and even aloneness.
0792156684|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful, touching love stories I have ever seen in my life!  So what if it doesn't follow the real-life plot, did you people expect to go to the theater and see another version of a National  Geographic Documentary?   There are plenty of old movies about the Titanic  that follow the gruesome real-life theme, go rent one of them!  That is why  I loved this movie so much!   Hollywood decided to do something different  with the Titanic in the 90's. The lovestory of Jack and Rose was just a  closeup of something I'm sure a lot of couples that were in love aboard  that ship had to endure during the sinking (accept for the gunshots of a  furious fiancee, I'm sure).  This movie is perfect for anybody who has ever  lost a person they truly loved....... the ending says it all....... that  person will always be in your heart........ love never dies........ and it  will be waiting for you when it is your time to leave this life........ it  will take your hand and relive your most special moments you shared  together on the earth.......no matter how near and far...wherever you  are.... you are here in my heart and my heart will go on......... I really  feel sorry for those people who hate this movie, you are miserable, lost  souls.  Maybe if you keep praying you will be able to find true love one  day and will watch the Titanic knowing exactly what it means..... until  then... wallow in your hate... and misery..........
B00002MZ12|5.0|Wow! What can I say about this Album is GREAT! All the tracks are fenomenal. Alanis is the greatest song writer and singer. This is a great album to own if you're a music fan. Is worth every penny!
B000001Y79|5.0|I've had this CD ever since it came out and it's still one of my favourites. &quot;Just A Girl&quot;, as well as the other songs, are all great and creative! Gwen Stefani and No Doubt kick ass!  Their sound is  very original and one I can never get sick of listening to. I can't wait  for their new album to come out!
B00000K19E|5.0|BEST SCIENCE/FICTION MOVIE OF THE A.D. from
0783240287|5.0|I can't keep my five children from watching this DVD.  Pharoah's Elvis impersonation is a big hit. It is all quite colorful and entertaining.  I had to forcefully turn it off last night and tell them, &quot;Enough  already!&quot;.   Some of the scenes (Potiphar's Wife) are suggestive, but  no more than the Biblical account.  I would highly recommend this DVD.
6305265488|5.0|Wow! What can I say? It is my personal favorite movie! If you like Drew Barrymore, Angelica Houston, Scott Douglas and a little romance and a little slapping in the face by an evil step sister, and you'll absolutely  enjoy it! It has comedy, romance, and action all put together! Please, buy  the movie! It has great reviews and it is so fantastic.
0783229887|5.0|Certainly far and away the best of the &quot;Child's Play&quot; series.  Jennifer Tilly really puts it all together at Tiffany and puts the movie right over the top.  It's the perfect mix of horror and comedy (come on,  folks, like the first three were scary?).  I hope there is another edition  coming out soon.  This movie outgrossed &quot;Beloved&quot; 2:1.  What  better endorsement could you want?
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is one of my favorite electronic albums. I rate it up there with  Basement Jaxx &quot;Remedy&quot;, Daft Punk, Prodigy's first 2 albums,  Orb's Adventures Beyond the Ultraworld, DJ Shadow, ect.  Its a good album  with alot of variety.  Songs like &quot;Porcelien&quot;, &quot;My  Weakness&quot;, are the best, but every song is great! I love this album,  and I'm looking forward to furture Moby releases.
0679746048|1.0|This is quite possibly one of the worst books I have read in a long time.  Unfortunately, this story has been brilliantly written before by so many more authors; ( The Bell Jar, by Sylvia palth, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's  Nest, etc.)  I am not unsympathetic to her story, I am just very  disappointed with her interpretation and her sperficial accounting.  The  &quot;highlights&quot; of her experiences are events that have been  portrayed by  many other authors and novels leaving the storyline falling  flat and repetitive.  The movie surely must have had to be re-invented for  there is truly nothing there in the book.  I have never before taken a book  back, and this is the first one I ever considered doing so.  If this  subject interests you, as it did I, consider reading the other books  mentioned for a vastly more rewarding experience.  I am, however, giving  Ms. Kaysen another chance with Far Afield.  Hopefully it will prove to be  more satisfying.
B000000WHX|5.0|Why in the hell did it take me 9 years to buy this cd?  After reading a magazine article and listening to a few tracks of this album on the internet, I decided to buy it.  Wow, this album is truley great. I can't  believe it was made a whole decade ago.  The sounds they use I like alot.   They are simple, but I love them. Songs like &quot;Safe From Harm&quot;,  &quot;One Love&quot;, &quot;Unfinished Sympathy&quot;, &quot;Blue  Lines&quot;, and &quot;Five Man Army&quot; are gems. The other songs are  ok, but these alone are well worth your 14$ or whatever.
B000000WA4|3.0|If they had taken the best half of &quot;Dawn till Dusk&quot;, the best half of &quot;Twilight to Starlight&quot; and simply cut the rest, this would have been a contender for album of the 90`s. But Billy Corgan goes  and over-indulges himself and we get an hour of wasted time. Don`t get me  wrong, the 14 or so good songs are absolutely great! But &quot;Siamese  Dream&quot; still beats this hands down.
B00001QEFU|5.0|This is probably Twisted's best album! This album truly rocks! It's a must have for any true rocker out there!
B000003TAR|5.0|Taking the power and raw energy of &quot;Bleach&quot; and the excellent song writing of &quot;Nevermind&quot;, Nirvana went and crafted their other best album, which ties with Nevermind as album of the 90`s. I thnk the two  albums complement each other very well because even though they have  similar song writing, they sound worlds apart. &quot;Heart-Shaped  Box&quot;, &quot;Dumb&quot; and &quot;All Apologies&quot; are some of the  best they ever wrote and deserve equal recognition as &quot;Smells Like  Teen Spirit&quot; or &quot;Come As You Are&quot;. It`s a real shame  Courtney thought it necessary to have him killed, and we can all hope that  one day justice will eventually be done.<br />R.I.P. Kurt
B000002J0B|4.0|&quot;Houses Of The Holy&quot; is the most unique album of Zeppelin's career.  The lack of skull-crunching rock on this album has given it a less than favorable reputation.  What &quot;Houses&quot; lacks in crunch is made  up for in dynamics.  <br />Witness &quot;The Rain Song&quot;; all is nice for  a while - Page is doing some very nice acoustic playing while John Paul  Jones supports him on piano and mellotron - until Jimmy fires up the  Marshalls.  It is impossible not to be moved by the songs coda.  Again,  &quot;Over The Hills And Far Away&quot; starts up folkish until Page and  Bonham get smoking in the second verse.  &quot;The Song Remains The  Same&quot; and &quot;No Quarter&quot; are amongst Zeppelin's very best  work, due in no small measure to excellent playing and singing by all four  musicians.  These pieces also went on to become killer live songs.  &quot;Dancing Days&quot; and &quot;The Ocean&quot; both have killer Page  riffs. &quot;The Ocean&quot; also has some nice drumming from  Bonham.<br />Most of the controversy surrounding &quot;Houses&quot; is due to  &quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot; and &quot;The Crunge&quot;; the former is a fusion  between 50's rock &amp; roll and reggae, and the 9/8 groove the &quot;The  Crunge&quot; is funk/soul. ala James Brown.  Some people like these songs;  some people don't.  One way to look at it is Zeppelin by 1972/1973 felt  they had enough of a cache to do material like this.  The same people who  rip the band for attempting songs like &quot;D'yer Mak'er&quot; would  probably rip the band if they recycled &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot;, and  yet these people slam the album because it doesn't have that sort of  barnburner.  Zeppelin was growing and experimenting, and the fruits are on  this album.    <br />Overall, this is a fine album and contains several songs  which, in my opinion, are essential listening.
B000009QPG|5.0|&quot;Seasons in the Abyss&quot; is not the fastest Slayer album, nor is  it their most brutal.  Seasons is a well rounded album that shows a more  wiser Slayer.  In this album Slayer sacrifices pure speed and demonic  lyrics to tackle issues of a more horrorific reality.  This album is my  second favorite album from Slayer, only &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; out  ranks it.  &quot;Seasons in the Abyss&quot; is the last studio album with  Dave Lombardo on drums.  Lombardo was as good as if not better than  Metallica's drummer Lars Ulrich.  I highly recomend this album to anyone  thinking of purchasing it.  If you give it a fair chance it will grow on  you.
B000001DV2|5.0|Adrenalize had the impossible task of living up to Leppard's monster &quot;Hysteria.&quot;  Of course it did very well, but was unfairly attacked by many.  This is a great album all the way through.  Yes its not  as heavy as the early stuff, but if your looking for pure power commercial  metal, look no further.  Stand out tracks include &quot;Let's Get  Rocked&quot;, &quot;Make Love Like A Man&quot;, &quot;White  Lightning&quot;, &quot;Tonight&quot; and &quot;Tear It Down.&quot;  In fact  there is not a weak song on the entire CD.  A must have for Leppard fans.
B000009QPE|5.0|1986 was a landmark year in the history of Heavy Metal.  Metallica  released their masterpiece &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;, Megadeth flexed  their muscle with &quot;Peace Sells...But Who's Buying&quot;, Anthrax  released their brilliant &quot;Among the Living&quot; and Slayer produced  their brutal masterpiece&quot;Reign in Blood&quot;.  Listening to  &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; is like having an atomic bomb blow out your  eardrums.  The album is speed,brutality,power and insanity at its best.  &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; makes no apologies and takes no prisoners.   Fourteen years after its original release it's still as fresh and on the  cutting edge as it was in '86.  The album is the influence of many of  today's Death Metal bands.  &quot;Reign in Blood&quot; is a must have album  for any serious metal maniac.  I also recomend &quot;Hell Awaits&quot; and  &quot;Seasons in the Abyss&quot; to add to your metal collection as well.
0553212737|4.0|I found this book extremely interesting, and it held a very unique story line, which seems at times hard to come by in many recently published books. I enjoyed the main character, Emma, whose character was so  incredibly... fun, (mainly) mature, rommantic, and exciting all in one. Her  want to match everyone with a lover reminds me very much of the premise of  the novel A Midsummer Nights Dream. Though some parts extend and go into  more detail than it seems necessary, the book is overall worth reading!
0783240287|5.0|JOSEPH is the first show I directed in college -- and this is a wonderful production, full of color, great cinematography, and good performances. The look at the making of the show (DVD only) provides nice insights to the  creative minds of Webber/Rice.
B000002KHF|5.0|I am too young to enjoy this cassette this much. I bought this for &quot;into the mystic&quot; ,(I heard it on a great movie,&quot;immediate family&quot;) when I listened to the rest of the songs I nearly wore the  thing out. LISTEN TO THE SAMPLES, you are more familiar with these cuts  than you imagine. I call it iced tea music. Van Morrison takes you into the  mystic.
B00003CWQ2|5.0|at first I was a little off-put by the title. I went to go see this movie because I admire the work of David Fincher very much. I must admit that, despite the graphic violence and facism involved, I truly enjoyed the  movie. this is only the second movie i have gone to see in the theatres two  times. it has a surprising ending, not your so-called &quot;same old  movie&quot; I highly recommend this movie to anyone looking for an evening  of entertainment that is a little bit less ordinary.
B000002C1X|5.0|This is the kind of album that you can't really make. It's not just the music (which is brilliant in itself) but it's the lyrics, the arrangements and the whole concept together that makes it what it is. Everybody's heard  about this album and everybody should hear it. It's a milestone in  music-history, a symphony of rock.
0671578278|5.0|IMHO, there are no Bujold books that have fallen below the highest rating. On a scale of 10, they're all 15's.  From Shards of Honor to the lastest chapter, A Civil Campaign, Bujold has shown a masterly capacity to write  comedies of manners within galactic military-political dramas within moving  novels about fully developed characters who are adults. Her characters are  interesting, imperfect, and therefore the more admirable. Her underlying  themes--the comedy of genetic heritage as refracted through the madnesses  of human societies, and the irrepressible urge of human beings to attain  honor, grace, decency, or any great ideal despite seemingly insuperable  obstacles--are worth our attention, and worth the talents of this very  gifted writer.  I never cease to be amazed at Bujold's ingenuity in  developing further adventures worthy of her heroes and heroines, who are  all half-crazed with idealism, but trying to pass for normal.  The  challenge in A civil Campaign was to keep the reader's interest in a plot  which could have no recourse to alien invasions or daring raids for its  excitement, and I think Bujold brings off her multiple social campaigns and  political plots with her accustomed finesse, wit, zest, and heart.  If  there are people who could find no pleasure in Bujold, they have my deepest  sympathy.
0192838679|5.0|Along with L'Assommoir by Zola and Journey to the End of the Night by Celine, Choderlos de Laclos's masterpiece ranks as one of my favorite books of all time. To fully appreciate the genius of the letter writing form,one  must understand that the libertine novels of the 18th century all utilized  this format. Laclos admittedly set out to write a book that would depart  from other works of the century to leave a dramatic imprint on the world,  and he succeeded. While written in the same lingusitic and seductive style  of a libertine novel, Laclos transforms the limited and mundane scope of  the libertine world into a riveting classic. Each character reflects a  different conception of &quot;love&quot; and how the libertine world can go  awry when true sentiment is confused with lust. La Marquise de Merteuil  reflects the purest degree of libertinage. In perhaps the most spellbinding  of all the letters, she explains to Valmont her duplictious conduct after  her husband's death to obtain her reputation among men and place herself at  the forefront of society's attention. In contrast, Mlle. de Tourvel is the  epitome of sentimental love, to the point that she can become physically  ill if it is not reciprocated. Clearly what separates this work from other  romance novels of the 18th century, elevating it to the level of other  world masterpieces, is the character of Valmont. He is the heart and soul  of this novel in every way possible. One one hand, Valmont is extremely  self-assured in his ways, when describing his calculating, rational  strategy in courting naive young ladies. On the other hand, he refuses to  accept the reality evidenced by his relationship with Mme. de Tourvel that  he is not the manipulative libertine that he, and society, consider him to  be. The deep struggle within Valmont between his true feelings and his  vanity in preserving his reputation of libertinage is perhaps the most  compelling storyline in the novel- because it is physcological andunder  the surface. At this level, Les Liaisons Dangereuses is often compared to  &quot;Crime and Punishment&quot;. les Liaisons is more subtle in its  physcological dimension in that the reader must form her own conclusions  about Valmont's physchosis whereas Raskelnikov's mental state is at the  heart of the prose. If I have not convinved everyone yet to go ahead and  experience the magic of Laclos (who fortuneatley survived the Terror), then  I have failed in my task...
0782011098|5.0|I saw Father Goose at eleven.  I purchased this set to share the same movie with my son - now eleven.  I would have purchased it alone at the same price, but That Touch of Mink makes this a steal.  The latter is a  wonderful trip to more innocent times.
3895089281|4.0|The great tradition of shoemaker's art is explained here with passion, precision and clarity. Contrasting with the venerable British bespoke shoemaker John Lobb, the sophistication and subtleness of Ausro-Hungarian  shoemaker Laszlo Vass reflect the glories of an empire long gone by. A must  for Gentlemens' reference library.
0767824571|5.0|How could anyone not love this movie, even the slow parts and the self-indulgent Gilliam animation interludes (which at least give you time to rest your stomach muscles from the NON-STOP GUT BUSTING LAFFS of this most brilliant and timeless and generation-defining (if you came of age in  the 70s)) film. If you didn't like this film, I say to you, You Make Me  Sad.<br />Thank god it's on DVD now, as it's a movie meant to be watched a  million times. It's one of those movies that gets better with each viewing  because of all the goofy business going on in the background and some  asides that will be lost on you if you don't pause and go back. I hadn't  seen it in a few years and the cat-smasher just about made my week.
0684800713|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much while I was reading it, and looking back I still believe it is perhaps Hemingway's best (although my choice shifts frequently between TSAR and A Farewell to Arms).  Looking at the reviews  before me, I must say that TSAR contains some of Hemingway's most  interesting characters-- Jake is the typical code hero for Hemingway, but  his situation is one of the best (in terms of literary device value) for a  novel of this type; Brett fits the role of the Hemingway power-woman; and  Cohn, well, he's just a jerk.<br />I had to read this book for my AP  Literature class in high school a few years ago, and came up with some  really satisfying essays for it.  There's lots to work with here-- it's a  good book for school.  But on a different note, I also lent it to my  roommate, who was looking for a book to give her boyfriend as a gift, since  he didn't read much.  She determined TSAR to be &quot;manly enough&quot;  and her boyfriend, so I hear, enjoyed it very much.  I did too.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This CD is great. A wonderful representation of Santana's music; this from  someone listening to Carlos' music since the early '70's. Don't be led  astray by reviews casting doubt on the quality of Supernatural because  other musicians have been invited to participate. The collaborations on  this CD add a really outstanding diversified flavor to each track. And  Carlos has never been better. Not a bad song on this CD!
B00002Z88D|4.0|Some rock n rollers (and I am included) bear an interesting theory: classic music is indeed heavy metal music. If you take the violins from a Beethoven music and replace them for guitars, you will find heavy metal  music. Michael Kamam proved that! And he also agreed with that theory  himself.  Listen to this great CD and you will understand it. The CD could  have been even greater if Metallica and The San Francisco Simphony had  chosen the ideal musics. I think that songs like Until It Sleeps, Memory  Remains or Of Wolf And MAn, just dont fit well in a classic tune. They  should have chosen the Metallicas ideal tunes. Imagine To Live is To Die,  And Justice For All, Harvester of Sorrow, Unforgiven or My Friend Of Misery  played with the Simphony. Well, theres a lot of space for a second show.  But the Cd is great. At last something really good from Metallica. I  thought the band had died after the album &quot;Metallica&quot;.
630522577X|5.0|A more beautiful film, I cannot recall.  Every fan of movies should see this masterpiece.  The DVD transfer is flawless . . . flawless.
0451169514|5.0|This is without a doubt one of King's greatest novels.  It is my own personal favorite.  Stephen King's undeniable abiltity for character development is at its best here.<br />The magnificent portrayal of Evil is  also stunning, as developed throughout the Derry Interludes.  The creation  of a personalized, creepy Darkness which inexorably links Derry to the  monster It is worth the extra reading effort.<br />What is the essential  philosophical idea in this book?  Simple:  (King gives it to you from the  get-go) Fiction is the truth inside the lie.  Dare to believe in what you  should not.  Notice that all the children who were killed told themselves  that &quot;It&quot; was not real.<br />This book is all about the loss of  childish innocence -- and belief -- that surrounds the process of growing  up, and the story of 7 adults tied together by fate to see if they can once  again embrace that absolute, simplistic belief and defeat the Evil Without  a Name.<br />One of the most superb modern novels I've ever read!
6305750750|5.0|I stood in line four and a half hours to see the original Star Wars movie at age 5, and I just couldn't help feeling like that 5 year old kid again waiting for Episode I. I was not disappointed either time.      I think  that those who are too critical of this movie were kids themselves when the  original came out. They are seeing the movie but  forgeting to watch it  through a child's eye.     Kids don't read movie reveiws, I never did. They  see the movie for what it is. They enjoy the creative story and the great  special effects. They sit in sheer awe from what's playing before their  eyes. They don't say, &quot;That Jar-Jar character seems to me to be highly  computer animated, and really ruins the whole movie experience for  me!&quot;.     Kids don't read the movie reveiw section of the paper and  they are better off for it. So I guess you should ask yourself why you read  them? Come on! Be a kid again...
1567407757|4.0|The deeply personal philosophy that Morrie shares with Mitch makes a beautiful story. It accentuates the positive forces of love and life as well as reinforces the fact that dying is as natural as being born.  Morrie's message is not to fear death nor isolate the dying person but  rather realize that one remains alive during the dying process and that  companionship and love should be shared with anyone facing an impending  death. Bravo to Morrie for unabashedly presenting his story to the world  and to Mitch for not being embarrassed to reveal that a young man can be so  profoundly moved by a mentor from his youth!
B00000J7S8|5.0|This is the best record. My favorite songs is  I've got you under my skin. The first time i heard it I cried because i had never heard anyone sing a song with that kind of feeling before. After that i was hooked wich is not  easy since I mostly listen to rap. I now listen to the CD at least twice a  day and every night at bed time.
0800141709|5.0|Some will say that &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot; is a dated work, a product of sixties pollitical sesnsibilities.  Too bad.  Having been innundated with the crude and physical genres of comedy over the years, the subtle wit  of this film will escape many.  Still, for the rest of us it is a gem of  work, strikingly pertinent for today's global realities.  We laugh at  &quot;Strangelove&quot; because we feel we are on reprieve -- it's amazing  that we made it this far, given the moronic element that tends to rise to  positions of power.  Funny, yes.  But utterly scary too.
0385484518|5.0|I loved it.  Very warm and moving.
0780628551|2.0|This film is a let-down, I like Johnny Depp and i usually think Charlize Therin is very hot and a good actress, in this film Depp is wasted and Charlize Therin, is very ugly looking(she looks really bad with the  short-short hair)The plot insult's you A plot about aliens taking over Depp  &amp; another astronaut and impregnating their wives-Which is a total waste  for the very pretty Donna Murphy who blows Charlize Therin away in her  short scenes in this film. Instead of seeing Donna Murphy's charater  impregnated(which would have made this film better)we are only told after  she commits suicide, that she was impregnated by an alien, instead we see  Therin get impregnated by Depp, and her Running around acting stupid and  getting everyone killed for her ignorance. save your time, only rent to see  Donna Murphy.Then turn it off after her character dies.
B00002E233|3.0|Fairly entertaining but a poor Jaws wanna be.  The sharks did not seem real and too many characters died.  LL Cool J did the best job of acting and turned out to be the only character I really cared about.
0802130208|5.0|As funny as this book is, as dead-on as the dialogue is, as fascinatingly complex as the supporting cast is, the centerpiece of this fantastic novel is (of course) Ignatius Reilly. But perhaps Toole's greatest accomplishment  is in carefully tempering Ignatius' buffoonery with a profound sense of  sadness. With his thunderous, pretentious, hilarious and desperate  lamentations on Modern Society, Ignatius is at once the Town Cryer, the  Royal Hero and the Village Idiot.
0788812408|5.0|Disney is at their utmost best on this one. It is probably the best animated feature in the history of Walt Disney, as it has everything a masterpiece animated feature needs : terrific animation, humour, adventure,  suspense, romance, gorgeous songs, mystery, imaginative character and a  really ingenious plot. Ursala the Sea Witch is probably the best Disney  villain, Eric is undoubtedly the most charming prince in Disney Animation  History, and the entire way hans Christian Anderson's original story was  adapted is terrific. You've got to get this, and fast. You won't be  dissapointed, trust me...
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Kudos to the boys from Brisbane.  Their latest offering, &quot;Affirmation&quot; is one of the best albums I've purchased in several months.  The selections range from sentimental love songs, to upbeat dance  tunes. The lyrics won't blow your mind with depth, but at the same time,  they offer a quiet innocense, and a subtle, but usually possitive message.   Frankly, there isn't a bad track on the entire album.  This is a cd that  will make you smile.  If you're looking for something to vent your  aggression, go somewhere else.
B00000K3UU|1.0|I have loved all of Adams Sandler's other movie, all except Big Daddy.  I was disguisted at the jokes about the two gay guys.  But other than the fact that most of the time the movie was gross, it just plain wasn't funny.   I thought that it was simply an incredible waste of time and talent. Don't  rent/buy this movie.
0152465030|4.0|This book is mainly about a little boy that meets so many different people. These people are all very unique and have different characteristics. To begin with, the little prince meets a pilot who is  stranded in the middle of a desert with a broken airplane. The little  prince begins to talk to the pilot and starts to talk about the different  planets that he has already visited. The little prince feels that Earth is  very wierd. The little prince sees things in a child's perspective, rather  than an adult's perspective. This book allows us to see what we should  really appreciate in life. <br />This book is written at a 10-12 year level.  It's a great and enjoyable book. Once I started reading it, I just couldn't  put it down! I definately recommend this book to children that love using  their imagination!
1557042160|5.0|A house full of little women;is a house full of fun.4 sisters that are always together having fun.little women is about life during the civil war.It showes how a poor family enjoy's life. It talkes about 4 loveing  sistersand how they got through all their hardships, and still maneged to  stay together. My opinion about this book is that it is very realistic and  a good book for hisorical matter.I reccomen that you get this book because  it's very good for you to learn about poor peoples lives.
6305750750|3.0|TPM isn't a bad movie,  but not a particularly awesome one either.  The special effects are excellent, but they don't make up for the bad screenwriting and under-average directing.  The lack of character  development was probably the biggest letdown.  Even though having some of  the best actors like Natalie Portman and Liam Neeson, the characters had no  chemistry.  Still, the movie was entertaining and graphically pleasing.  It  could have been a lot better, but i still think it's worth it to buy the  video.<br />Classic trilogy SW fans won't be totally pleased with Episode 1,  but it's still a decent movie to see.
6305127638|5.0|Star Trek is often accused of being inaccessible, limiting the audience to those who religiously follow the television series.  This is a fair enough criticism, but part of what makes Star Trek so good is the fact that every  element builds on the last and produces a world of immense detail.  It's  absorbing, so much so that you can easy get swallowed up by it.  Another  benefit is that the core cast know each other and their characters so well,  that the performances simply ooze out of them.  Patrick Stewart, always the  diplomat, always level headed, gives us his best performance to date as  Captain Picard.  He ignites the film right from the off, and never lets the  flame die out. The plot may not be particularly original, especially for  Star Trek, but it doesn't matter, it's also superbly written and full of  spine tingling excitement and bone breaking tension.  Special effects, as  you might expect, are breathtaking without ever being dominating, and the  sound is suitably powerful (and eerie).  It's the best piece of work from  the Next Gen cast and arguably the best film of the lot; it's also one of  the most accessible, so don't snub it, or you'll miss out on a rare treat.
6305627401|5.0|This is the funniest (and the dirtiest) movie that I have ever seen.  I thought that it was much better than the show.  However, if you are especially religous, I would not recommend this film.  I found however,  that despite all of the cursing and voilence, there was a morale to the  movie.  Even if you don't likle the Southpark show, I'm pretty sure that  you would like the movie.
0553296981|5.0|Anne Frank The Siary of a Young Girl was the actual diary of a girl named Anne Frank,who lived during the Holocaust.She lived in a &quot;Secret Annex&quot;.She lived there for two and a half years,before they were  caught.I recommend this book because it gives a powerful insight in a  girl's life,during a tragic time.
6304510861|5.0|This movie is the movie of an alternative hell. Every characters is veild under the spell of bad man wearing lipstick and mascara. But that is to tell too much. In this film you sense the absence of good, therefore evil  blends and becomes just frightening. David Lynch is done whit evil now. He  has disspelled it, and thereby became it's master. I don't think he will  ever make an evil movie again...Or will he?
0679731725|5.0|I must admit that I was startled by my reactions to _The Remains of the Day_.  I had found the movie a little dull, and I expected the novel to be very similar.  Instead, I found a miracle (which just goes to show how hard  it is to bring a story from printed page to silver screen).<br />The plot is  simple.  After 30 years as the butler of Darlington Hall, Mr. Stevens takes  a road trip to Cornwall to visit the former housekeeper of Darlington Hall,  Miss Kenton.  Along the way, he is forced to interact with people outside  his limited world and often delves into memories of the years of his  service.<br />The tone of the book ranges from comic to tragic.  Stevens' grim  attempts at &quot;bantering&quot; always elicit a smile, but they also  underline how little Stevens fits in the post-war world.  Stevens'  repressed and proper speech is freqently hilarious, but it also emphasizes  Stevens' inability to express emotion.  He rarely admits that he wept; the  reader must read between the lines.  The unreliable narrator is part of  Ishiguro's achievement in this novel.<br />This novel is not melodramatic or  obvious; it's muted and intricate and written in beautiful language.  It's  also quietly heart-wrenching and well worth the price.<br />Highly recommended  to readers who appreciate subtlety.
0896760839|5.0|This book is an indispensible resource of period cut and construction techniques.  The highly informative text and detailed illustrations are wonderful tools for creating authentic garments.  Be aware- this is not for  the novice seamstress- the illustrations assume that a strong base  knowledge of sewing and cutting has already been met.  I borrowed copies of  this book for years- now I finally have my own.
6305648522|5.0|I have a bootleg of the original Italian release that is 155 minutes long instead of the 123 minute English version that is available.  Oh...what everyone is missing....What a spectacular 30 extra minutes everyone could  be loving and holding in their hearts.  IF ONLY STUPID MIRIMAX WOULD PUT  OUT A DIRECTOR'S CUT FOR EVERYONE ELSE!   If you seek the longer better  version (although both are perfect when standing alone), go to ebay.com.   There are folks there who can help you get the directors cut (if you want  it)plus it is in widescreen too.  This review is based on my own version of  the film.  I'm not going to buy the DVD for another 123 minutes of what is  on the VHS....Come on DVD lovers, don't you want to see what the director  originally envisioned?  I wish we could overwhelmingly attack the execs at  Mirimax and get them to release a commercial director's cut with the extra  30 minutes instead of having to go to ebay.com and get a bootleg for a  price that is phenomenal.  By the way, he sees Elena again at the end.   She's married and has a daughter that looks just like her when she was  young and in love with Toto. But since Elena is married, her hands are  tied.  But she admits to never forgetting him or loving him more than  anyone she has ever known.  (Tears.)
6304510861|5.0|This movie is the movie of an alternative hell. Every characters is veild under the spell of bad man wearing lipstick and mascara. But that is to tell too much. In this film you sense the absence of good, therefore evil  blends and becomes just frightening. David Lynch is done whit evil now. He  has disspelled it, and thereby became it's master. I don't think he will  ever make an evil movie again...Or will he?
6300214370|4.0|This movie will definitely make you feel good no matter how in the dumps you are. Growing up as a teenager in the 80's this was one of my favorite movies, even though the storyline may seem silly to some the music is great  and the dance scenes are fun to watch. I recently purchased the video and  have already watched it twice, it brings back such good memories and I  believe this film really put Kevin Bacon on the map. This is one of the  movies I wouldn't mind if they made a sequel to, it's a shame they never  did. &quot;Footloose&quot; was one of the best movies of 1984, and it's for  people of all ages.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I loved their first album, but I love their second album even more. The first time I heard I Knew I loved You, I fell in love with it, and I knew it was going to be a big hit. I got to see Savage Garden in concert in July  of 1998 and I loved it. They better hurry up and come back because I really  want to see them aain.
B000000OAN|5.0|Hey, how could this album have only a 4.5 avg customer rating? Even if you are not into Queen, you should recognise this as a 5 star rock album which will forever be part of rock history (in fact, it actually was in my  history book in school and the eighties had only just begun then)! Yes,  bombastic every once in a while, but also carrying Queen's greatest song  ever (You're My Best Friend) and beautiful lyrics to Good Company, which I  have been keeping on my wall ever since (it should be required reading for  any business school student or would-be entrepreneur)!
6304383177|5.0|It is a man's ego which tells him he is the hunter and she is the hunted. In fact, it is seldom so. A woman's doesn't open up her world unless she wants to; it is as simple as that. And here we have a woman - glamorous,  rich and, no doubt, highly wooed by an endless army of men. She is  intelligent, witty, sharp and quick. She dispenses of suitors as if it were  a game for she knows there isn't a man in the world who can win her heart,  but she waits nonetheless. <br />Along comes an absent-minded professor who  she makes mincemeat of during a farcical encounter on a gold course. She  takes his golfball and car, makes a buffoon of him in front of others, and  stikes another notch on her belt. And that is that!<br />She sits that evening  in a nightclub, bored and learning &quot;an-olive-in-the-glass&quot; trick  from a bartender. An olive falls to the floor. She reaches to get it, but  our Professor, waiting to meet a benefactor for dinner, walks by and slips  on the olive, landing him atop his tophat he was holding in his hand. He  gets up and, seeing who it is, tells her &quot;to go away&quot;. She says,  &quot;I was here first&quot;. He says, &quot;Then I'll go away.&quot; And  as she watches him move to another part of the nightclub, an amazing  transformation takes place. This beatuiful, intelligent woman who can have  any man she wants finds herself drawn to a man who wants nothing to do with  her! And this is unacceptable! And this is where the fun, the swiftest and  funniest rollercoaster ride in cinema, begins!<br />There may be movies which  honor this film through imitation (&quot;What's Up Doc?&quot; was more a  homage to it), but none have ever matched the relentless pace this movie  maintains. Slapstick aside, this is the funniest and, yet,  truly poignant  love stories ever brought to the screen.<br />You laugh bellylaughs, you laugh  hysterically and the wit and quick banter leave you begging for more. At  the end, though,when she swoons back and forth atop a ladder and he  professes his love for her and tells her she gave him the greatest day of  his life(a day in which he was wrestling a leapord in a pond, dressed in  drag, chased a fox terrier for hours looking for a dinasoaur bone, and  ended up in jail), you realize that the jaded woman has discovered life  through the prince that thought he was a frog!<br />Make no mistake about it -  this is a heart warming love story, albeit wrapped in the most hilarious  celluloid ever produced by Hollywood. <br />If you have not seen this movie,  you have missed out on one of the foundations which make Hollywood the  Capital of the imagination. &quot;Bringing Up baby&quot; is the  &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; of comedy!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Very poetic. Makes me think of 'That Dogg' or 'Ivy'. Chick is talented and supreme- she knows what's up with her feelings and isn't too shy to sing about them. She doesn't candy coat her lyrics and it makes you think about stuff- the good kinda stuff that that makes you smile.
0140282033|5.0|Chocolat should be an award winner!  I loved the entire book, even the ending where she left you hanging. I am hoping to see more about Vianne Rocher in the future!  The book is delightful and there are many twists  and turns you don't expect. The lively Vianne will keep you on your toes  and you'll fall in love with Anouk, Armande, and Luc. Happy Reading!
B000002L9W|5.0|When Van Hagar fired David Lee Roth,Diamond Dave went out to find the best  backup band he could find.He hired Steve Vai(a guitar wizard who had played  with Frank Zappa and Alcatraz);bassist Billy Sheehan from Talas and drummer  Greg Bisonette were perfect foils for Diamond Dave.The mission being . .  .rock harder than the new Sammy Hagar fronted Van Halen;and  surprise,surprise kiddies . . .they did.YANKEE ROSE opens EAT 'EM AND SMILE  with guitar work that would make Eddie turn green with envy.The dazzlin'  Dave's quirky humor is smeared across this album:witness I'M EASY,YANKEE  ROSE,GOIN'CRAZY,BUMP AND GRIND and a cover of Ol' Blue Eyes' classic THAT'S  LIFE.EAT 'EM AND SMILE showed that Dave could get along perfectly well  without the Van Halen's,than you so much.Unfortunately this was not to last  too long.
0553288105|4.0|The Gods Themselves is such a...philosophical book.  The  questions that ran through my head as I read it were not the traditional &quot;How's it going to end?&quot; And &quot;What is THIS character going to do?&quot;  But deep, intelligent questions came to mind like, &quot;Is it really right  to stop something that everyone loves even if it IS destroying them?&quot;  And, &quot;Is this how gods REALLY act?&quot;  To read this book, you have  to be prepared to ask questions like that...this is not a traditional work  of fiction.
B000002BUY|5.0|I heard about Incubus from a friend, and I really had no clear perception of what it was. So I faked it at first. Then, in one of my longer, more boringly quiet classes, I borrowed his CD player and listened to  S.C.I.E.N.C.E. I was BLOWN AWAY!  I must have listened to New Skin 5 times  in a row, and Certain Shade of Green blasted my mind into the Ineosphere!  After hearling this, I wanted to hear the rest of their songs. They've made  30+, I believe. They've NEVER made a bad song yet, and I don't believe they  ever will! Their music is original. Its nearly impossible to categorize.  I've heard some people call it 'alternative metal'. I guess that's pretty  accurate description, considering it's not exactly hardcore. My favorite is  Redefine. I like the scratches by Lyfe because I too, specialize in  Turntabel &quot;Kung Fu&quot;, which I thought was a cool name for  turntabling.  Another thing I HAVE to mention is the way Mike Eingizer  plays the guitar! It's just fricken AMAZING what he can do with a  guitar!<br />What the hell! Its good music all around! It doesn't NEED  categorization! Its in its own category!
6304297912|4.0|I thought this movie was totally cool! From the beginning to the end I didn't know what to expect.  It began as a humorous film and the moods were continually changing from laughter to sadness, back to laughter.  Even  though I loved the movie I suggest previewing it before you buy it.  The  worst Toilet in Scottland scene made my face turn a little green.  :-)
0553573403|4.0|is so rare, and this book is one of those rare gems.  The reason why I am giving it only four stars is that I suffer from an uncureable disease where I compare all fantasy to J.R.R. Tolkien and Mervyn Peake, and what modern  fantasy writer can really compare to those two.<br />Anyway this book is good,  and it is extremely engaging.  Martin has drawn some intriguing characters  and with them a wonderful storyline that makes me excited to pick up the  second book.<br />As I say, this book is good fantasy - standing (in my book  anyway) well above many other authors of the genre like Robert Jordan  (whose books are engaging even dispite his unlikable characters and  inability to construct a complete sentence).  So if you have already  finished the Tolkien and Peake epics, I suggest George R.R. Martin.
0783240503|3.0|I was a little disappointed in this adaptation. They completely changed the set and tried to add some special effects. Is it just me or did anybody else flinch when Donny Osmond was 'falling' down into the jail cell? Truly  cheesy. When the movie first started I realized that I did not like Maria  Friedman. Her voice is so breathy. You'd think she was a porn star, but as  the play progressed, she got better. Donny sounded great as did the rest of  the cast. Later the set starts looking like the original with some minor  changes and it gets better. Go Joseph is probably the best production  number in the movie. But the thing that stands out most in the version is  the very stupid and very awful attempt at comedy. Let the words make your  jokes for you. Physical comedy just is not funny in a show like this. When  they throw Joseph in the pit and he comes up with a snake puppet on his  hand and scares the narrator and then it 'grabs' him and pulls him back  down, I almost shut it off. What is wrong with the producers? Did they not  see how stupid some of these 'attempts' were? Anyway, these problems are  not enough for anyone NOT to buy it. It is entertaining and kids will love  it. But dont expect the caliber and the great sets of the stage show.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This cd is a great one.  All of the songs are great, but in their own way. They share a similar style but indeed express themselves clearly. &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; is a very touching song about his son being  born. It is such a sweet song. &quot;The Faceless Man&quot; and &quot;Wash  Away Those Tears&quot; share a little something and teach everyone a little  lesson.  This is the best Cd ever made...
B00003CX5P|5.0|First off some simple facts.  Number one: Star Wars is a science fantasy, not a science fiction. The difference? Science Fiction is the projection of possible future worlds and technologies. (Some one give me a buzz when a  super world power creates a death star as a deterrent to war as the atom  bomb was in the beginning, or when some one has full mastery of the force.)   Number two: Star Wars: Episode One - The Phantom Menace is not a fully  stand alone movie, rather it is a chapter in much bigger story. A story  which, until now, was told with no real history or origins. The Phantom  Menace is the first of three chapters that will explore the rise of Anakin  Skywalker (played by Jake Lloyd) to greatness as a jedi to his eventual  downfall and metamorphosis to legendary villian, Darth Vader. This movie is  only the first of three, but it has already begun to establish certain key  elements of the original trilogy. Such as Senator Palpatine's (Emperor  Palpatine) manipulation of galactic politics concerning the invasion of  Theed, and the emotional issues surrounding the young Anakin as he seeks to  become a jedi. Idealy, the story is simple in execution and follows the  same saturday matinee formula that made the original movies a success(i.e.  a winning formula), boasting outstanding visual effects, that when put in  it's proper place along side the original three, it becomes all the more  understandable and all the more enjoyable. A great addition.  Now all we  need is Episodes two and three.
B000002AE3|4.0|This 1995 Toto effort is, in my opinion, one of their most soulful albums. The semi-acoustic sound helps the mood of the album, and of course, the technical skill of the band is perfect. When it was first released, the  band seemed to go into a different phase of style, which was brave and new.  The 1999 &quot;Mindfields&quot; album, intrestingly, went back to the sound  of earlier albums. But for me, whatever these guys do, is fantastic. The  bad press that Toto always seem to get is simply not justified. Stand out  tracks from Tambu: &quot;Gift of faith&quot;, &quot;I will remember&quot;  and &quot;The road goes on&quot;
0783240503|5.0|This is one amazing video. This video production is the 4th production of the show I've seen and I also recently played Potiphar and Asher in a production. This video was so wonderful. This is obviously a show I love.  The sets were terrific (especially the Potiphar sets), the acting was for  the most part - great (Marie is my new favorite person...she's delicious as  the Narrator), and musically it was tons of fun. An incredibly fun and  original production which is bound to bring lots of attention (and money)  to this show. My one complaint? The costumes. Right there on the cover it  says, &quot;The Classic Family Musical&quot;, and we have Mrs. Potiphar and  her servants bouncing in around in practically nothing. And then in the  Pharaoh sequence...what are those girls wearing?  Nothing but gold  chains?  Perhaps, &quot;The Classic Musical&quot; should have just been  in the video, and not &quot;Classic Family&quot;. Aww well, all in all, a  great musical that is terrible amounts of fun. I highly recommend it  (Though parents be prepared for some covering of the eyes of your  children).
0671042858|4.0|It took me one night to read this- even if the plot did seem to 'drag' King has a way of making you (well some people) need to know the outcome. His clever use of language as a tool of suspense was a major drawcard. Even  though I am Australian and have know idea (and don't really care) about  baseball, it didnt matter to me- I still found it an effective little  novel. I dont think anyone else other than King could get way with the  dodgy 'monster' or 'God of the Lost' or whatever it was.  It was a scary  being until the end when it revealed itself. Still, I kept on reading  because King has this knack of making you want to find out what happens. I  can see where some people might find it lame- its not everyones idea of a  good scare, but I really did enjoy it for the simple fact that King has  that effect on me- even in some of his really lacklustre novels  (Regulators, Thinner)he still has a way of leading you to the end of the  story.
0679721037|4.0|I think that Hiroshima was a very interesting and informative book.  I knew aolt about the bombing of Hiroshima, but never as much as described in the book.  The book has in deoth information on what happened to people at  various differences from the explosion and how everyone struggled through  the sickness and lack of doctors.  The chapters tell about the initial  explosions, fires buildings collapsing and the investigaions of the bomb.   Since I really enjoy World War 2 I really like this book and would read it  again.  If you have a project on the bombing of Hiroshima or or just want  to read about it I would reccomend this book.
B00000J2KX|5.0|This is an incredible horror masterpiece directed by the late Stanley Kubrick. Some of the scenes in this movie are truly haunting and the movie is all together beutifuly pieced together. Jack Nicholson is wonderfully  insane and terrifying. The soundtrack of this movie is also quite  frightining and powerful. This movie isn't a generic teen slasher flick.  This movie is breathtaking (literally) and relentless. Everybody who sees  this movie and has any taste in movies will love this. Amazing!
0380804557|4.0|Tristran Thorn embarks on an adventure &quot;across the wall&quot; to seek a fallen star that will win him the hand of the girl he loves. And then things get weird. You'll find a dead king's challenge, spiteful princes  vying for the throne, flying ships, witches with interesting but deadly  spells, enchanted forests, and on and on and on..<br /><br /> This is a  charming, funny, witty, beautiful fantasy with endearing characters, rich  writing and sometimes biting humor. I had a lot of fun reading this one. I  bought it a while after reading NEVERWHERE (another odd fantasy that I had  to read in one sitting). I couldn't put it down! I highly recommend this  one to anyone who likes the fantasy genre and who enjoys some  tongue-in-cheek humor as a bonus.
079073639X|5.0|Wow! What a movie! This has got to be one of the most underrated movies of the past decade. I cannot begin to comprehend how anybody could hate this movie and give it a two or less star rating! It's unbelievable! This movie  truly is a treat. Haunting, exciting, intense, thought-provoking, just a  wonderful film. The story is extremely interesting, Barry Levinson did a  great direction job, the score is truly haunting and fits the mysterious  atmosphere of the film perfectly, and the actors are for the most part  terrific.I will admit the movie isn't perfect. It has one mistake in  particular that is annoying but most people won't notice it unless they are  searching for it. The story also has holes in it, but I think they were put  there to make you think and to let you lead to your own conclusion about  the mysterious things that take place. This is truly a great movie and  massively underrated. Watch out for some of the most intense and  unbelievable plot twists and scenes of recent film. Two parts in particular  are magnificent and unforgettible! A definte must-see! Just sit back,  relax, and absorb yourself into the plot.
1572522232|5.0|Produced by one Argento and directed by another, this film casts its spell by laying a very thick veil of atmosphere over a scanty, near-barren world of a plot.        What makes 'Suspiria' so scary is a very clever fusion of  Dario Argento's slick and innovative direction, excellent set design, a  complex soundtrack and the camera's worship of the night. The plot, already  complicated, is made more convoluted to the viewer's senses by Argento's  myriad quirks in his filming technique.         The acting is good and  fills in the cracks left by the ridiculously gory killings. Jessica Harper  makes for a convincing heroine and the makeup for the witch at the movie's  conclusion is nothing short of superb. One skill Argento appears to have  toyed with at the time of shooting was making the plot fall away in the  viewer's mind, leaving behind an erratic spiralling of crazy, dreamlike  sequences of action and 'psychospection'. In 'Suspiria', the first killing  is unnerving in an overt manner but by the time the blind pianist's hound  has ripped out his throat, the horror has become more esoteric, more  symbolic and certainly more disturbing.<br />      Strangely enough, Argento  was unable to repeat the success of his formula in his later pictures. In  effectiveness, 'Suspiria' is his forte as well as the prime example of what  the Italian horror film boom of the mid-Seventies to the early-Eighties had  on offer to the discriminating fan. <br />      Even with its heavy helping of  gore, 'Suspiria' is mostly composed of suggestive horror and atmospheric  chills. The Goblins provide an utterly frenetic soundtrack of chimes and  percussion which serves to genuinely amplify the terror. The photography is  beautiful and the quiet dialogue scenes are capable of lulling the viewer  into a dreamy false sense of security, making the action and horror bits  all the more of a rude awakening when they crash through the ceiling.<br />  Streets ahead of 'New York Ripper' and light years beyond its sequel,  'Inferno', 'Suspiria' is easily the choice pick of the Argento collection.  In fact, it is so terrifying that it could easily pass as the scariest film  of the late 1970's.
6304765231|5.0|Don't listen to anyone who tells you that this movie is bad. It is one of the greatest movies ever made and should receive it's due credit. Don't mind it when people complain about the sound is bad or the picture quality  isn't great. This movie contributes so much to the category of  Horror/Drama/Comedy. I say comedy, because in parts you can't help but  laugh; if you have a dark sense of humor that is. I recommend this to any  movie goer out there.
6302787297|5.0|More appreciated, perhaps, for its soundtrack than its cinematic content, Ridley Scott's retelling of the Columbus story is a well-paced, well-written and well-acted masterpiece. In the abstract, the pairing of  Scott with this assignment seems all wrong given the nature of most of his  previous work. However, it's just this same innovation and starkness which  characterised `Alien', `Bladerunner' and `Thelma And Louise' that serves  him so well in crafting a nearly immaculate mediaeval epic.<br />             Scott's strengths have always been his technique, his compulsion toward  making a perfect picture as well as an indefatiguable eye for symbolism and  allegory. All three elements are certainly present in `1492, Conquest of  Paradise' and act together as a fulcrum over which he can lever an  essentially impossible story into place. A lesser director would have been  overwhelmed by the scale of the subject matter's intrinsic demands but  Scott does more than maintain a consistently high standard throughout this  movie.<br />          The film itself has a crisp texture and deals with its  subject with religious attention given over to establishing a maximum of  historical accuracy and a mininum of academic conjecture. By way of Scott's  vivid depiction, the viewer feels the anticipation of the explorer with him  [Columbus], the thrill of the voyage into the unknown and the horror of the  errors made after the discovery, all the while being forced to inhabit the  sweaty, bewildered consciousness of a Fifteenth Century observer. It's  really quite fitting that Gerard Depardieu was given the role of  Christopher Columbus. A heavily accented Francophone, he struggles with his  lines in many parts of the movie, symbolising, maybe, the diffculty  Columbus actually experienced in communicating his plight to a  not-so-sympathetic Spanish Court.<br />           The sets are vast,  impressive and symptomatic of Scott's obsession with translating every  aspect of the Italian mariner's quest to film before, during, after and  well after his discovery of the New World. We learn about Columbus as an  individual, as a man with deep flaws as well as tremendous strengths -  someone who failed every bit as miserably as he won well. Through Scott's  lens, the New World is gold-plated paper mache - an Eden which proves to be  horribly fragile. The honeymoon in this Paradise is a shortlived one and  soon the New World falls to the greed of an Empire, its people soon  vanquished by the insanity and insensitivity of the Spanish.<br />          A  film about Humanity, about the consequences of Man's greed and the  uselessness of his remorse, this is one picture that has virtually  everything going for it. Excellent art and set direction, impeccable acting  (even from the somewhat miscast Sigourney Weaver in the role of Queen  Isabella) and the richness of Scott's camera work bleed through a sound  canvas formed by the premise of this very grand screen story. Vangelis's  music gilds this film to the point that that soundtrack almost adopts the  form of a story itself, running parallel to the visual work.<br />            You can't lose with this. High entertainment and a firm educational  grounding give `1492, Conquest of Paradise' every right to recognition as  an unfairly forgotten screen classic from the early Nineties.
1573227978|5.0|This was the best book that I have read all year. It was fast paced, exciting, an adventure book that wasn't just a 'boys book'. The characters were intricate and human, you loved them and hated them and even related to  them. I could not put this book down, it was fantastic, a modern Lord of  the Flies but better.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I was introduced to Dido at a holiday concert. (KISS 106.1 Jingle Bell Bash '99) After hearing her onstage, even with the atrocious sound system they had set up, I was so impressed that I bought her CD right there at the  concert.  I wasn't disappointed in my impulse purchase. It was worth it,  even at the extortionate price I had to pay. <br />Her songs touch me deeply.  Her powerful sense of loss is clear in &quot;My Lover's Gone,&quot; as is  the contentment and love in &quot;Thank You&quot;, and the denial and pain  in &quot;Here With Me.&quot;<br />This is a *great* CD, a great artist, and I  can't wait to hear more from her.
B0000020C4|5.0|When I first listened to this CD i didn't like it, but the second time i heard it and i realllly listened to it, I LOVED IT!   This is what they mean when they say &quot;dream cast&quot;.  I especially thought Ruthie  Henshall, Michael Ball, Lea Solonga, and Philip Quast.  If you don't  already own it, buy it!  It's worth it!
0812589041|5.0|Certainly Card's best work, from an author noted for his exceptional ability to breath life into his characters.
0440219078|5.0|This book makes you realize that in a perfect world, it would be great, but would be extremely boring. I found the book, like Number The Stars, very addicting. Even with strict rule, people will still lye and do  horrible things. I enjoyed this book very much.
B000002JSJ|4.0|So you own Zep's self-titles?... So Stairway to Heaven is forever ingrained as THE song, nothing can take it's place?  So the Led Zep you know likes to play around with the occasional dabble into folk, jazziness,  or even Reggae and Soul (Houses of the Holy)?... get a gander at this  overlooked gem, Zep fans.<br />  Achille's Last Stand.  Everyone rants about  this song, and with good reason.  It's a neck and neck horse race as to  whether this song or Stairway to Heaven is Zep's best, the only thing  seperating it is how many people have heard Achille's.  Starting off with a  slow, paranoid guitar intro, it immediatley kicks into overdrive, Page  overdubs so many guitar tracks you'd think you were listening to one big  drawn out 'Free Bird' solo, plus 5 more guitarists, and John Bonham kicks  the crap out of the drums (and subsequently, the song itself) for 10  minutes of hard-rocking heaven.  You've come to expect this from Page, but  Bonham is simply amazing on this track, and throughout the album.<br />  For  Your Life seems to be the overrated one of the bunch.  It's a concise  blues-rocker, yes, but nothing more.  A slight let-down after Achilles, but  then and again, you may have needed it.<br />  Royal Orleans is short and  sweet, and on lumbers another epic, Nobody's Fault but Mine.  Featuring  more good-old-fashioned complex as heck multi-sectioned riffing, and more  of John Bonham turning drum skins into mush.  Candy Store Rock is probably  the only true 'filler' song here, but then and again, it's also the most  stylisticly quirky of the album, and Zep always managed to throw one or two  of these babies on there anyways.  CsR is a quick romp through Page and  Plant's fantasty of what Elvis would sound like had he started in the  70's... oh well, at least it works better than 'The Crunge'...<br />  Tipping  into Hots on For Nowhere, John Bonham somehow draws up some reserves of  strength you may have thought were exhausted after Achilles and Co., and  pounds the band through yet another lighthearted epic rocker.  Then  Presence drips sloooowly into Tea For One, a meandering, personal ode to  estrangement, the song is downright eerie, and just when you're about to  fall asleep, on comes Page with a blistering guitar solo.... this repeats  for about 9 minutes.<br />  Presence is Zep's 'No more BS' album.  It rocks,  making no pretenstions as to wanting anything else.  If nothing else, buy  the album for Achilles Last Stand, a song every Zep fan needs to hear.   You'll wind up liking the rest of it sooner or later.<br />  And that cover  art has given me the creeps for months now.  That 'Black Object' concept  has to be the best album cover concept ever thought of.  Another good  reason to buy this underrated treasure.
B000002G60|1.0|but despite adjectives like &quot;unique,&quot; this is BY FAR Vega's most  convention (and boring) work.  If you're thinking about buying this I  strongly urge you to get her first CD (Suzanne Vega) too, so you can hear  her at her best.  Solitude Standing and 99.5 are also considerably better.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Wow. That is all I could say after listening to this masterpiece. Simply a mind blowing CD. I have been a huge Metallica fan, and was a little worried about Metallica playing with the San Francisco Symphony. However, after  listening to this incredible CD, I am glad that they decided to play in the  San Francisco Symphony. It is impossible to listen to tracks like  &quot;Fuel&quot; while driving and not get a ticket for speeding. &quot;The  Call Of The Ktulu&quot; is ten times better than the original one, as is  &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;. The two new songs are terrific as  well, with &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; having some a very catchy, moody  guitar riff, which suits the overall sadness and anger of this song  perfectly. &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; builds up and then finishes with an  awesome thunder. If you have a great subwoofer and sound system, I think  you would be hard pressed to find a better song to show them off.  &quot;-Human&quot; is another new one, and is excellent, as well, with some  of the heaviest guitar playing by Newsted that I have heard yet. All in  all, this is one hell of an CD, and I think that there is something in here  for virtually everyone to like, from the awesome roaring &quot;Call Of The  Ktulu&quot; to the melodic &quot;Bleeding Me&quot; and &quot;Hero Of The  Day&quot;. I can't wait for their new album! Hetfield has said that is it  going to be very, VERY heavy. Wooo hooo! All of you teenyboppers out there,  eat your heart out, 'cause Metallica IS BACK!
6305750750|5.0|A fantastic film. It's only short-coming is that it must serve as the set-up for the next 5 films...a tough task while maintaining its own identity. In effect, I think it's the best trailer possible for the entire  Star Wars Saga. I cannot wait until Episode II.
0679428887|5.0|So many of the reviews I've read below poke at the realism of the story based upon what really goes on in Russia right this minute.  Let's not forget that Harris's previous books all are based on what-if scenarios that  stem from actual historical events.  Russia truly has fallen into disarray  since the fall of communism, and this book simply takes that to the extreme  of a &quot;what-if it was just a bit worse?&quot;.<br />I've heard plenty of  horror stories about visitors to Russia, particularly in Moscow.  People  minding their own business being forced to bribe cops to walk down the  street, violence over a few rubles, rampant prostitution (girls lining up  in parking lots at night, and customers selecting them from the luxury of  their cars with their headlights on so they can see them better...most of  the girls coming to Moscow from Ukraine or the Baltic states because no  jobs exist anywhere else outside the cities or in the CIS).  The  descriptions of the decrepit apartment buildings, the seedy dance clubs,  the barren wastelands on the way to Arkangelsk...all of it really brought  me there, and I immersed myself into thinking that I was really  there.<br />This alone set the stage for the book in my mind, however true or  untrue these stories above are (I tend to think they are).  Set that up  against the background of cruelest dictator of all-time, Josef Stalin, and  his legacy...suddenly you have a book that makes you feel as though YOU are  the one that should be watching over your shoulder, because you've dug too  deep.  I'll admit it - the actions of Stalin's son when they finally came  across him, seemed a tad ridiculous.  But then, I don't think that anyone  would turn out too normal if they were kept so isolated.  And he would've  had to have been VERY isolated to be kept a secret.<br />All in all, I thought  the book was fantastic, and gave Fatherland a run for its money.  And, in  classic Fatherland style, the ending finished with a bang - quite  literally.  An excellent read.e  literally.  An excellent read.
9993445320|5.0|This is a review of the book the lion the witch and the wardrobe. This book was about four kids that go into a wardrobe and disappear into another land called Narnia. While in this world they face many dangers and plenty  of hard obsticles it is also filled with sadness and happiness.If you are a  person who cries at sad parts of a book i suggest that you dont read this  book.
0811806405|5.0|This book is worthy of placing on your coffee table as well as on the workbench!  It will carefully guide you through the entire, daunting process of building a guitar.  I am half-way through building my first and  so far, so good.<br />I have found that, for myself, some of the cautions and  warnings in carrying out some of the operations in the book were a little  overstated - but better safe than sorry.  However, there is an IMMENSE  amount of detail presented in each procedure and it MUST be read and  re-read very carefully (especially the section on neck construction).   Also, pay attention to size of the material ordered from places like LMI  (Luthiers Mercantile Incorporated).  The neck blank comes thicker than  needed and you need to thin it down. I found myself thinking information  was left out of several sections, but discovered that I had overlooked it  in my haste.<br />Several parts used in the process are hard to find, such as  the truss-rod nut.  You need to be resourceful in locating things (at  times, it feels like I'm on a scavenger hunt driving around town for  stuff).<br />Finally, I recommend also purchasing Irving Sloane's book on  steel-string construction.  It will help you clarify some aspects of  building by approaching things from a slightly different angle.  It is not  as detailed, but it gives a slightly better overview of the process than  the subject book.  It shows how to make some tools - fun!<br />Good luck!
9993445320|5.0|This is a review of the book the lion the witch and the wardrobe. This book was about four kids that go into a wardrobe and disappear into another land called Narnia. While in this world they face many dangers and plenty  of hard obsticles it is also filled with sadness and happiness.If you are a  person who cries at sad parts of a book i suggest that you dont read this  book.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This would definately have to be the best of Brad Pitt's films.  However, this film goes well beyond that by providing a twisted and intricate story line that involves the audience every step of the way.  One can not watch  this film without feeling mildly disturbed at the amount of emphatic  connection with the film.  This movie's not for kiddies, though. Definately  not.  Enjoy!
0782008372|4.0|I thought that the DVD would be a good version to own of this film, even though I already had the Directors Cut on VHS. I gotta tell you, the VHS is better. The way this movie was made, with a misty, fog like haze overcast  through all of the night sequences looked good on VHS, looks grainy on the  non-anamorphic DVD. The director's commentary is good..and very interesting  during the scenes which were added for the directors cut, however in the  commentary they mention a bar scene which would have been nice to show as a  deleted scene, but its not there. The title page for the DVD is a bland two  color repulic pictures standard page, which is very boring to say the  least. And the photo slide show advertised on the package was totally  worthless, as the first 500 photos go by in about 3 seconds, so fast that  even frame by frame barely catches them all. It seems like this was rushed  to market to replace the rare laserdisc version.
B000002UW1|5.0|This is by far my favourite R.E.M. album. &quot;Document&quot;, released  in 1987, gripped my senses the first time I heard it and hasn't let go. It  is one of R.E.M.'s angriest albums, politically charged and quite chaotic.  The subtitle &quot;File Under Fire&quot; is quite appropriate - fiery  images permeate through the album. The very beginning of the first track,  &quot;Finest Worksong&quot;, conveys a feeling of industry and steel, with  Michael Stipe's (now quite intelligible) vocals adding a sense of urgency.  This song, and the remainder of the first side (with the exception of the  interlude-like &quot;Strange&quot;) is highly political. The brooding,  disturbing &quot;Welcome to the Occupation&quot;, the hectic &quot;Exhuming  McCarthy&quot; and the Orwellian fable &quot;Disturbance at the Heron  House&quot; are all short, fast and angry protests against the strong tide  of political conservatism that dominated in the Reagan era. The song that  encapsulates the fire and chaos is the manic &quot;It's the End of the  World as We Know It (and I Feel Fine). With abstract and often nonsensical  lyrics spewing from Michael Stipe's mouth, it is both humorous and deadly  serious. Side two is also dominated by images of fire, but the political  theme has gone. &quot;The One I Love&quot;, R.E.M.'s first big hit and much  misinterpreted anti-love song is searing, burning itself into your mind.  &quot;Fireplace&quot; is one of R.E.M's most underrated (and one of my all  time favourite) songs. It's a delightful, anarchic song of carefree,  reckless abandon which also manages to sound subversive. The brilliance of  &quot;Document&quot; (as is the case with most of R.E.M's music) is that  subversion does not necessarily mean taking up arms. It starts with  yourself - you have to start changing the blandness and conformity in the  world by revolutionising your own life (which is what songs like  &quot;Finest Worksong&quot; and &quot;Fireplace&quot; are all about). The  album finishes with &quot;Lightnin' Hopkins&quot; (a series of camera  directions), the sublime, gorgeous and wonderful ballad &quot;King of  Birds&quot; and the disappointing &quot;Oddfellows Local 151&quot; which,  in my opinion, just drags and really goes nowhere. However, it doesn't ruin  the album - &quot;Document&quot; is superb. R.E.M.'s music is always full  of integrity; it challenges you to think and also to act. This album, a  negative reaction to the politics of the day, conveys the ultimate message  of overcoming adversity, whether in the world or in your lives. And the  songs are great too! That's the ultimate bonus!
B000002BVN|4.0|With the international success of Michael's 1995 opus, 'HIStory: Past, Present and Future Book 1, this album was designed to kick off the first leg of his international tour. The first five songs on this CD are some of  Michael's best works. Starting with the song, 'Blood On The Dance Floor'  this album get's off to a good start. Teaming up with longtime pal and  producer Teddy Riley, Michael finds a swing with this song that he didn't  have on any song since Dangerous. A great song, but not his best like the  second song on this CD is. 'Morphine' is a towering piece of music! Written  and composed by the singer himself, it builds frustration and anger all in  one. Not a happy song, but the greatest song he has ever done. In the liner  notes for production of this puppy, he is listed under: lead vocals,  background vocals, arrangement, classical arrangement, vocal arrangement,  rhythm arrangement, percussion, drums and guitar (with Slash as well). What  other POP artist is so involved in the making of the music? Now 'Superfly  Sister' sounds too 80's, I don't like it personally, one of the few Michael  Jackson songs I don't like, there are only 3 that I don't like. 'Ghosts'  kicks, he hooks up with Teddy Riley on this one again, and this song is  slammin', should have been a huge hit everywhere. The last of the new  songs, 'Is It Scary' is a personal song for Michael, the lyrics suggest so.  Another great POP song. Now the remainder of the album consists of songs  from his 1995 album HIStory, which are remixed by some young producer's and  hit maker's. The remix of 'Sream (with Janet Jackson)' is great, as are the  remixe's of: 'Money', 'Stranger In Moscow', 'This Time Around', 'Earth  Song' and 'HIStory.' A great album, but if you are going to buy it, buy it  for the first five songs (minus 'Superfly Sister') and you will agree that  it is a great album worth the money spent. Four out of Five
B000000WCA|5.0|I think The Spice Girls are really good - better than SClub7definatly. Wannabe is still really good even now but my favourate is Who Do You Think You Are.  I like their dance moves and they have got good voices - all really talented girls. Scary is my favourite, but Posh is aslo good. The fact that the Spice Girls are the perfect manifestation of a syndrome whereby talentless &quot;artists&quot; sell their souls to the faceless corporations that have taken over the music industry for the big buck and the adulation of mindless teenage girls the world over, and that they regurgitate the slick, bland, manufactured sounds of anonymous session musicians who make millions out of this kind of exploitative &quot;music&quot; because they don't have the integrity to make music which says something and means something is symptomatic of the manner in which we are all letting creativity, originality and adventurousness in art become marginalised. Come to think of it, Baby is my favourite.
B00000ADG2|5.0|This is probably one of the best debut albums of all-time.  I can't believe how great this album is.  I like songs like &quot;Lost Ones&quot;, &quot;Everything Is Everything&quot;, &quot;Doo Wop (That Thing)&quot;, and  &quot;Ex-Factor&quot;.  I really love all of the songs on this album, but  those are my favorites.  I think that everyone should own this album.  It's  a great mix of r&amp;b and some rap.  It's great!
B000001FI7|5.0|Portishead's miraculous debut, Dummy, is soul music in the truest sense of the word, a journey into the heart of darkness which leaves you emotionally exhausted and bewildered, but ultimately intoxicated.  Beth Gibbons' voice  is white light refracted through a shattered psyche: at times pure,  resonant and beautiful, at others desperate, hysterical and bordering on  the deranged. The music is often suffocating, the power of the bass seeping  into the marrow of your bones, while the breakbeats attempt to destroy your  eardrums: the sound of sanity disintegrating. <br />Mysterons steals into your  consciousness like an electronic dream, but it is Sour Times that really  kicks you awake, full-on John Barryesque orchestration attacks your senses,  providing Beth with a backdrop to enchant you with her siren's song,  &quot;Nobody loves me, it's true - not like you do&quot;. The album  descends into the depths for much of the middle period, Wandering Star and  Numb darkly funereal shards of fear and despair. Then there is Roads, the  album's masterpiece. As Beth croons &quot;Can't anybody see, we've got a  war to fight&quot; the violins slowly build into an unbearably beautiful  torchsong which tries to steal your heart, and very nearly succeeds.  Pedestal and Biscuit are the comedown, the 3am stoned lullabies. Then, just  as you're drifting off to another world, Glorybox glides into focus, Beth  in full Eartha Kitt mode, imploring someone &quot;Give me a reason to love  you, give me a reason to be a woman&quot;. A fantastically drunken guitar  solo then ushers in a change of pace, a crash of drums and a promise:  &quot;This is the beginning of forever and ever...&quot; As Isaac Hayes'  strings fade into the dawn and if you've been paying attention, I defy you  not to feel a little fragile.
0312853238|5.0|This book was GREAT!  I would defanantly recomend this book to anyone who likes sci-fi and or action books. If they were going to make this book into a movie Syskel and Ebert would give it 'Two thumbs way way up!' This book  is about a boy named Andrew 'Ender' Wiggin who gets sent off to a battle  school in space. He is a genious and skips a whole bunch of grades. Ender  gets into many fights with the older kids in the school because they think  that he is showing them up. Ender ends up killing one of the kids that he  fights with. Now all of the older boys leave him alone. He finishes battle  school with flying colors. He skips pre-command school and goes straight to  command school. Will he pass command school? What will happen to him if  does? Read Enders Game by Orson Scott Card to find out.
B00000J5Z6|5.0|While I've not been a particular fan of Bob Marley's music, these performances by Monty Alexander give the music great accessability.  Alexander is a consumate musician; these performances are first rate and  reward the listener handsomely.
0312853238|5.0|This book was GREAT!  I would defanantly recomend this book to anyone who likes sci-fi and or action books. If they were going to make this book into a movie Syskel and Ebert would give it 'Two thumbs way way up!' This book  is about a boy named Andrew 'Ender' Wiggin who gets sent off to a battle  school in space. He is a genious and skips a whole bunch of grades. Ender  gets into many fights with the older kids in the school because they think  that he is showing them up. Ender ends up killing one of the kids that he  fights with. Now all of the older boys leave him alone. He finishes battle  school with flying colors. He skips pre-command school and goes straight to  command school. Will he pass command school? What will happen to him if  does? Read Enders Game by Orson Scott Card to find out.
B00000064G|5.0|Somewhere, I bet Nick Drake is getting a big kick out of all this attention drawn to him because of a commercial. While I am among those who discovered Nick before this ad, it pleases me to see that so many are being  drawn to his timelessly gorgeous music. Pink Moon is as great a place to  start as anywhere.<br />Incidentally... try reading the lyrics to &quot;Fruit  Tree&quot; (from Five Leaves Left) with Nick's current surge in popularity  in mind. It's a little scary to think of it, but I think he may have known  his fate all along.
0312853238|5.0|This book was GREAT!  I would defanantly recomend this book to anyone who likes sci-fi and or action books. If they were going to make this book into a movie Syskel and Ebert would give it 'Two thumbs way way up!' This book  is about a boy named Andrew 'Ender' Wiggin who gets sent off to a battle  school in space. He is a genious and skips a whole bunch of grades. Ender  gets into many fights with the older kids in the school because they think  that he is showing them up. Ender ends up killing one of the kids that he  fights with. Now all of the older boys leave him alone. He finishes battle  school with flying colors. He skips pre-command school and goes straight to  command school. Will he pass command school? What will happen to him if  does? Read Enders Game by Orson Scott Card to find out.
B00000J2SQ|4.0|Here Ritchie takes a step back from the pop precipice that he had been threatening to tumble over with &quot;Down to Earth&quot; and especially &quot;Difficult to Cure&quot; and delivers a solid hard rock album with  only minimal pop flavorings.<br />This is easily the best album he made with  Joe Lynn Turner--no real stinkers, just a few brushes with cliched metal  cheese in the lyrics.  Almost all of the guitar solos are frenzied and  inspired.  The album's highlight is the closing &quot;Eyes of Fire&quot;  where Ritchie gamely attempts to recapture the epic feel of early Rainbow  tracks like &quot;Stargazer&quot; and mostly succeeds.<br />In addition to  &quot;Eyes of Fire&quot;, &quot;Power&quot;, &quot;Miss Mistreated,&quot;  &quot;Stone Cold&quot; and &quot;Dreamchaser&quot; are all especially  strong.  &quot;Stone Cold&quot; was even a moderate radio hit (thus  encouraging Ritchie and co to rewrite it as &quot;Street of Dreams&quot;  for the &quot;Bent Out of Shape&quot; album.)
B00000K2SC|5.0|MY TWO CENTS.  I loved this movie as did my eight year old son.  The interesting thing to me was that my son usually finds these types of movies &quot;scary&quot; because of their intensity.  He adored this one, in fact  he considers it his favorite movie...  I think it was a combonation of the  wonderful special effects, the story, and the fact that there wasn't gore  for gore's sake... Enjoy this movie  1,671 people can't be wrong!
B000002KIE|5.0|Lyrics and tempo cannot be matched.  Nothing in 80's or 90's comes close to this album.  Each track sends the listener on a rollercoaster ride not to be equaled.  When was the last time you could play an album in it's  entirety and say each song is great.  We never saw this album at the top of  the charts where most &quot;wimpy&quot; albums usually make it.  Those of  us who were old enough to be part of that scene in the 70's will never  forget the gigs these guys did (when they could because of Sid)when they  toured.  For those that feel Green Day comes close to emulateing this sound  - you're dreamin.
B000001F95|5.0|I've loved Cal since my &quot;former&quot; Irish sister-in-law introduced it to our American family in the mid-80's.  She is Bernard MacLaverty's cousin (MacLaverty is Cal's author).   I recall stories her mother would  tell of Bernard and Mark Knopfler paling around together in Omaha, Northern  Ireland.  I miss my former sister-in-law ... but remember her every major  holiday as it has become our family tradition to listen to Cal.
630521610X|5.0|I think this is one of the best horror movies ever made. The Scream Trilogy is a scary horror serise that will always be my favorit. The scene in the beginning with Drew Barrymore had me screaming. Neve, Courtney, and  David are all great. David plays a great funny stupid cop. Courtney play a  hot reporter who's funny but bitchy. and Neve plays a Great Scream Queen.  She's right up there with Jamie leigh Curtis. Although the 2nd and 3rd are  better this is a must see!
0800184327|5.0|&quot;Dance With Me&quot; was a really great movie that worked on many levels. It had great music, an enthusiastic, fun-loving cast, a great storyline, believable characters, sensitivity, romance, and a happy ending.   This was accomplished without the use of gratuitios sex, violence, and bad  language that seems to be all too common in todays movies of lesser  character. Vanessa L. Williams was great as dancer Ruby, and Chayanne was  wonderful and romantic as her male love-interest, though he did have a  tendency to smile way too much. They were amazingly romantic, full of  chemistry, Chayanne was very convincing in his role as a man with dubious  parentage. Chayanne is hot, yes, but even hotter was the man who played  Vanessa L. William's ex-partner, the father of her son, and competetion  partner during the Latin dance contest sequence. He is an extremely sexy  man!  I only wish that he, Valenzuela (the male Valenzuela--not the woman  one), could have gotten WAY more screen time.      This movie makes you  want to get up and dance.  It moves you in more ways than one.  I've  watched it at least twenty-five times since it was released (very limitedly  in the theaters), and I will watch it, no doubt, twenty-five more times  before it's all over. This is a fantastic, glamourous movie, and if you  prefer a little &quot;ethnicity&quot; in your movies as opposed to  formulaic movies like &quot;Strictly Ballroom&quot; or &quot;Dirty  Dancing,&quot; and if you want to hear great Afro-Carribbean-Latin sounds  and see some of the best dancers in the world, this movie is for you.
B000002NG7|3.0|If you are a true fan of Faith No More then I don't think you'll argue too  harshly that this is inferior to such classics as The Real Thing and Angel  Dust.  But at least it was an improvement on the psycho-Kornfest that was  King For A Day.  It opens off pretty damn well with the syncopated rage of  Collision,  the sultry Stripsearch and the Single Of The Year, Last Cup Of  Sorrow.  It has the most drive out of any song here, and who can't resist  those bells in the background?  This song will stay in your head for  DAYS!!!!  Naked In Front Of The Computer and Helpless follow strongly (the  last 10 seconds of the latter is soooooo cool), but it goes downhill from  there.  Mouth To Mouth is basically a pipe organ supporting Mike Patton's  Fantomas-like spasms, not too interesting, while Home Sick Home and  Pristina provide a weak exit to FNM's final album of original material.   Also worth checking out is Ashes To Ashes and, next to Last Cup Of Sorrow,  the best track, their liveliest track to date (Got That Feeling).  So while  a few weak tunes keep it from being the album of the year, it also contains  some of the best songs FNM has ever written, and is well worth checking  out.  So raise it up, and let's propose a toast... to the thing that rules  the most...
B000000I0C|4.0|I want all Peter Hammill's works. I love the music and the lirics of P.H. If you have &quot;Spur of the moment&quot; and &quot;Over&quot;, please advise and soon send me!
B000002UJQ|3.0|Just 2 years ago, this was the CD that was voted the best CD in the universe.  Damn, i never thought the best CD in the universe would be so plodding and slow.  The musicianship is terrific but the CD seems to be  less than the sum of its parts.  It's too dark and depressing for my  tastes.  It seems to only look at one side of the spectrum, unlike genuine  classics such as XO, Mr Bungle, Angel Dust, Ten, and Nevermind, albums that  aren't afraid to lighten up every now and again.  Sorry if I like a little  style with my substance.  Some terrific tunes here, such as Paranoid  Android, Airbag, Let Down and Subterranean Homesick Alien (4 of the first 5  songs by the way) but the second half moves at a snail like pace.
014028009X|5.0|This book was an utter delight to read. I finished it the day I bought. It is not only realistic, but hilarious.  The author was actually able to capture a woman's (sometimes irrational) thinking about relationships, body  image and job, family....<br />I love Bridget. she is just a sheer riot. I  can't wait for the next book.
0553374842|5.0|This is one of the must haves for a true Star Wars fan. It is a coffee table book, like Dinotopia. Its stunning illustrations follow the reader through the Star Wars Universe, earning points for believability, and  romanticism along the way. Though not a true novel, the text is good for  guiding one through the drawings on the book. You have to know that you are  not getting a novel, but for a Star Wars fan it hardly matters.
B00003XB8K|5.0|With age, each gets better.  The difficult part is the patience to wait.  Screen Behind the Mirror was definitely worth waiting for.  Enigma's music isn't just listened to - you feel it in every part of your being.  Sit back  and enjoy.
0899663850|4.0|This is a faithful reprinting of the greatest mystery book(s) ever written. It is well written, powerful, captivating, and puts the Hardy Boys to shame. Holmes solves mysteries in a believable (if difficult) fashion  that never fails to grip someone from start to finish. The stories are so  well written, in fact, that when Sherlock Holmes &quot;died&quot; fans  responded by rioting in the streets of London. The Queen insisted that  Conan Doyle bring back his famous character, and so here he is. While we  might not be willing to riot in the streets if Holmes died today, we can  still feel loyalty towards the famous character, and the legacy that Conan  Doyle left behind in these books.
630575067X|5.0|i really hate the critics that complain about the movie's hype.  This movie(although not as good as the original trilogy) is an excellent piece of work.  I think the computer generated/enhanced graphics make all the  difference. I recommend that anyone who likes star wars, or people that  don't should watch this movie.
B000002GEV|5.0|This is where the Supertramp formula really works for me-- perfectly-crafted songs with pompous, but expertly-written arrangements. &quot;Dreamer&quot; is a light-pop tune which sort of breaks up the mood,  but the harmonies on that tune make up for it. The rest of the album is  perfect, the best song being the wonderful buildup song &quot;School&quot;  and the least-great song being &quot;If Everyone Was Listening&quot; which  is still pretty good. How that one guy can give it a -one- I have yet to  understand, especially because on his reader reviews page he lists other  Supertramp albums as partial favorites of his. The album? One of my  favorites of all time. I usually don't like '70s mainstream FM-oriented  stuff but these songs really work for me.
0812589041|5.0|Ender's Game is the best book ever written.  Case closed.  It is the greatest story of all time and will never be bettered.  I cannot express in words the greatness of this writing.  It should be a law that in order to  become an English teacher, you must read this book, it is that good.
6302820448|4.0|Bill Murray plays a not too sympathetic TV weatherman who's suddenly stuck in a snowy town he hates to be in. He's stuck there because he wakes up morning after morning at 6 a.m. to the same day, February 2, Groundhog  Day.<br />He just can't escape, he's there, in the same place, whereas  everybody else live through this February 2 for the first time.<br />He  experiments with this life of his. He tries to be evil, tries to be  over-good, tries not to care, tries to care too much, tries to commit  suicide in all possible ways.<br />Until he decides to live. To exploit all  the positive and creative possibilities of living and not growing older and  not having people blame or praise him for what he did yesterday  (today!).<br />An interesting philosophical experiment, more intense than  other movies that play with similar thoughts.
B00003XB8K|4.0|I couldn't really give this CD a mark out of 5 because I don't think I have had the time to assimilate this CD in quite the same way as E2 and E3, however I have to say that with the notable exception of &quot;Gravity of  Love&quot; (which is superb), and a few others which are pretty good too  (mostly the slow ones like #4 and #6) the songs on the album seem to lack a  certain something. It's nowhere near as good as the haunting E2, which  showed infinitely more depth than this effort, which seems to be a jumbled  mishmash of samples from E1 and little else to get your teeth into. It also  lacks consistency I think - whereas the previous albums maintained a  certain theme throughout, this chops and changes too much. I still think  it's a lot better than E1 though - that album bores me to tears with its  repitiveness (although I did only buy it a fortnight ago - maybe it will  grow on me).<br />I think by relying solely on Carmina Burana samples, and not  the tried and tested monks 'n' chants as in previous albums, I fail to be  completely emotionally engaged by E4. It just isn't as moving as E2 or E3.  Instead it just makes for something nice to play in the background {in the  end I gave it four out of five, when really 3.5 would have been nearer the  mark}. And for goodness sake Cretu - do away with that overused  flutey-flute sample and the slighty faster-than-usual trumpety sound at the  beginning... it's really getting stale. Try more instruments! Broaden your  range a bit! You know it makes sense.
0783241569|1.0|I tried to give this move no stars, but I didn't have that option.  This movie lacked something...  what is it called... oh yeah, a good plot.  This movie was boring and predictable, with really horrible situations (the  goggles scene), pathetically stupid.  Pick up a book instead of watching  this mindless-predictable dribble.
0679882820|5.0|I bought this book not more than 2 weeks ago and it has elevated to the top of the stack! Ian, my 14 month old, requests to be read this book before any others. He brings it with him when we run errands, too! I never  knew how much he would love to hear the sounds of Mr. Brown, but he does  and he releshes them all! He's even started to imitate a few of them - but  I think he rather enjoys listening to me, my husband or his grandparents  try to make the sounds - we all do them differently, too! A book worthy of  your child's library - it is FUN!
0451452739|5.0|If you are looking for entertainment, don't go here.  If you are looking for insite into the human mind, and how destructive it is, this IS the book for you.  I hear people say all the time that this book is dry, and boring,  and not worth reading, but I also find that these people are complete  ediots!  This is THE BEST book I have ever read.  The symbolism and ideas  presented are wonderful!  If you want something out of a book that is more  than entertainment, read this.  If not, I hear Mother Goose is pretty good.
0553212478|5.0|Mary Shelley's FRANKENSTEIN; OR, THE MODERN PROMETHEUS offers a gripping portrait of the horrible suffering of a man who dares assume a god-like function.  By giving animation to lifeless tissue Victor Frankenstein  ascends to a peak of biblical and mythological proportions: he becomes a  Creator like the God of Genesis, and parallels the Greek Prometheus in  giving humankind a gift that has both marvelous and catastrophic  consequences.<br />The furor of the Being after Frankenstein abandons it in  disgust and horror sharply contrasts with the lovely Alpine village  setting.  Shelley paints the countryside of Frankenstein's homeland with  such warm and green colors that the reader longs to live in such a  paradise.  A family ardent in their devotion to him further enriches  Victor's world.  Only doom remains, however, when the Creature knows it  cannot enjoy this love and beauty and determines that Frankenstein is to  blame.<br />Shelley, herself the creator as author, generates an organic whole  by depicting the Being as more than just organic matter: she stresses the  juxtaposition of creator and created, engaging them in dialogue together  about the responsibilities one has toward the other.  This face-off is one  of the most memorable in literature.  FRANKENSTEIN is a novel of both  immense beauty and horrifying ugliness, and, as in life, it's all more than  skin deep.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I bought this the day it came out (almost 1 year now i beleive) i bought it because i was a fan of his, and this was a beautiful album.<br />Moby is an electronic musician with rock influences. He is not known as a singer, and  his singing on this album is hardly a high point or something to praise. He  makes music and hew is very good at it (vocally as well.)<br />Now he is very  popular because of a movie soundtrack. WOW! Now people everywhere will  praise his singing. Hes been around for quite a few years, and this album  is hardly new.
B000002J1O|5.0|There are at least two instances on this album which will bring tears to your eyes, or at least put some goosebumps on your back; at least two instances are in Steve Hackett's soloing in &quot;After the Ordeal.&quot;  This is a song that clocks in at under 4.5 minutes. Quite the aberration as  far as symphonic opuses go, and yet one of the most moving prog tracks ever  recorded. Of course there are many, many more reasons that this CD is a  classic. The resolution of the album drives home some of Genesis'  obervations on modern life...<br />It is songs like &quot;After&quot; and  &quot;Aisle of Plenty&quot; that make me feel proud to be a prog fan and  proud to live in the greatest country in the world and be able to listen to  such anti-&quot;popular music.&quot; <br />The music shall speak for itself.  <br />IT'S SCRAMBLED EGGS.
B000002UA9|1.0|I like The Beatles but I hate to say it this stuff completely SUCKS. Yes it's a classic and i'll give it that. BUT it's classic BOY BAND., I see no difference between this and BOY BANDS. except The Beatles played their own  stuff. Skip this and go to HELP! or later stuff.
B000002GEY|5.0|This is an album that I never get tired of. It brings back many cool memories. Seamless production and haunting lyrics (check out Logical Song) A must for any music fan of the late 70s'&amp; early 80s'. Worth the money  at three times the asking price. One of the top 5 on my list along with 1.  Led Zeppelin &quot;Physical Graffiti, 2. Pink Floyd &quot;Dark Side of the  Moon&quot;,3.Aerosmith &quot;Rocks&quot; 4.Rush &quot;Permanent Waves&quot;  5.SUPERTRAMP &quot;BREAKFAST IN AMERICA&quot;
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink 182 RULES. I love this cd and so do my friends and classmates. I  can't wait to have Blink 182 to come out with a new cd. Me and my friends  are blink's biggest fans. At all the school dances  my dad always plays  &quot;all the small things.&quot; Get this cd TODAY!
B000009QPE|5.0|i have listened to this tape many times and the more i listen to it the more i'm amazed at how the driven force behind this machine excelerates intoa frenzy of mayhem unto the minds that hear it and souls that feel  it.it is a truly ingeniusgreat album for those whocrave power speed and  lust!
B00000DHRZ|5.0|This cd is a awsome cd. This is a must have. <br />BOBO/Mark says: Its  remarkable. Its a great cd. I'm in shock that they haven't sold out yet.  Who ever doesn't like this cd atta go go to the nut house cause there KuKi!  <br />That is what he has to say. he's a critic that knows so get the cd now.
B000000993|5.0|Undertow is possibly the best album ever.  (Not that I've heard every album, but I can't imagine something being better.)  With the undeniable majesty of Maynard James Keenan's powerful and meaningful vocals leading  Tool, Undertow presents a dark, powerful, and undeniably good listening  experience.  Not for the weak of mind, the songs explore topics not often  heard in other music.  If you are any sort of metal fan, there is no way  that you can escape being blown away by songs such as &quot;Prison  Sex&quot;, &quot;Sober, and, indeed, the entire album.
B000002HH9|5.0|No, WMS is not Disintegration, or Faith, or Wish, or anything equivalent  to the sound that pretty much defines the Cure...and I commend them for  playing outside of the proverbial lines and smearing the lipstick just a  little bit more.  The album is very diverse, very fun, very gloomy at  times, and I think very representative of the different styles with which  they are willing to experiment.  If you're not willing to evolve, then lock  yourself up in a room and listen to Disintegration 24-7 and never come up  for air...Robert has left that time, why won't you take a walk with him,  too?
B000002U82|5.0|This album will always be a classic.  Pink Floyd demonstrates their wide range of ability with flawless skill throughout the entire album.  The guitar work can send shivers down a person's back, and anyone who has the  smallest appreciation for music should immediately recognize the quality of  this album.  Pink Floyd is sweet in everything they do.
0060925000|4.0|Suitable boy is a well written book and am sure that most people would fall in love with Vikram Seth's style of writing.. I enjoy the way he can harp about any topic to excruciating detail and manage to keep up the  attention of the reader..In particular, i liked the characters of Rupa  mehra and Lata and found it possible to  empathize with them. Also the  Chatterji family was a pleasure to be with.. In short, this book has filled  me with enough interest to read the other books written by Seth.
B00002DE2L|4.0|This is a fantastic performance from all the musicians.  TheVivaldi is full of life and suffused with warmth and passion. Sophieattacks the music beautifully, allowing the listener to surrender to the beauty of the music. However, there is a really annoying underlying deep rumble throughout the recording which makes it sound as though there is a tube train running underneath the concert hall all the time - or that the CD is playing on a cheap vinyl turntable. A shame, because this performance is definitive, a one off.  END
B00004RD54|5.0|&quot;Rock n Roll Animal&quot; was my introduction to Lou Reed and his music. I became a huge fan as a result, and despite the high quality output over the course of his ever-evolving career, this is the disc I return to when I want to experience vintage Lou Reed.<br />This is the one Lou Reed album that even non-Reed fans get into, and with good reason. It is simply one the hardest rocking guitar albums of all time. Some of the best tunes from Reed's Velvets repertoire (&quot;Sweet Jane&quot;, &quot;Heroin&quot; and &quot;Rock &amp; Roll&quot;) are given high voltage heavy metal treatments, complete with thundering humbucker crunch and an almost obscene number of solos. <br />It has been said that the band (which later went on to back Alice Cooper) overshadows Reed, whose singing is deliciously deadpan throughout. Yet, without the material, and - more importantly - the attitude that Reed supplies, the result would probably be akin to a real-life Spinal Tap (sound and fury signifying nothing, thank you Bill Shakespeare).<br />While Reed himself has decried the album as little more than commercial pap, there is clearly something going on here. By melding his unique brand of decadent, literate music with a big arena rock sound, Reed was able - finally - to reach the masses in a way the Velvet Underground never could. And he was able to accomplish this with a live album that still sets the standard for what a &quot;live&quot; album should be: big, bad and dangerous to the ears.
0783240503|5.0|This has to be the best videotape for a musical since &quot;Les Mis&quot; in concert.  Maria Friedman is the best Narrator I've seen or heard.  And if you have any doubts about Richard Attenborough fear not!  He's having as  much fun as the ensemble.  I've seen &quot;Joseph&quot; performed live  twice, and the energy level is not lost in the home video translation.  In  fact, I'd go so far as to say that the energy level is jacked up a few  notches.  As far as the orchestrations and choreography are concerned, it's  just as I remember them from the first time I saw it live with Sam Harris  as Joseph.  Buy this video if you enjoy a good musical-and if it doesn't  put a smile on your face, check your pulse!
0783240503|5.0|This time I was not happy with the  1.15 min running time of the video. I think Weber short  changed this musical. Everything was outstanding except the running time.
0380789019|3.0|I keep hearing allusions to &quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; about this book, but I kept thinking &quot;Hitchhiker's...&quot; when I was reading it.  Both stories involve an everyman who is removed from his reality and  travels through another reality with his strange companions through a  series of adventures.  Gaiman's humor is darker than Adams' and at least  the characters here actually have an objective rather than just wandering  about aimlessly (as in Hitchhiker's..), but ultimately the story is too  long (especially since the characters are so one-dimensional).  This is not  a bad book, just disappointing given my familiarity with Gaiman's other  work.  Fans of Gaiman should read &quot;Good Omens&quot; or  &quot;Stardust&quot; for a more entertaining read.
0064400018|5.0|We really enjoyed this book!  It is about Laura Ingalls, and her family, who lived in the woods of Wisconsin in the late 1870's.  We liked this book because it is about the &quot;olden days.&quot;  Most of us chose &quot;The Story of Pa and the Bear in the Way&quot; as our favorite part.  We  recommend this book to others!<br />Note from the (student) teacher: I highly  recommend this book to other teachers!  There are so many ways to bring it  to life . . .
B00003CXBK|5.0|Director Miyazaki(Creator of the loved Manga and Anime Nausica) and producer Takahata(Known from best selling anime's such as Ghost in the Shell and Patlabor the movie)team up in what became the top grossing film  in Japan of all time(Later to be overthrown by Titanic).   Mononoke is set  in fifteenth-century in Japan.   A young boy get mortally wounded  protecting his town from a forest god, a boar made evil by a gunshot.  Accepting his destiny he goes out in the world to find out (&quot;With  unclouded eyes&quot;) why the god had become evil.  Miyazaki's film is in  many ways an ode to nature while at the same time we feel that the people  who are destroying it are humans and really have no other option.  An  astounding experience reminiscent of the finest human passion of the late  Akira Kurosawa, Mononoke was one of the best motion picture of the late  90's.   Only people who like mainstream HollyWood or are afraid because it  is an Anime, does not like this film.
078322947X|5.0|Sorcerer is a genuine masterpiece, especially during its first hour, when Friedkin describes the origins of the 4 characters. According to me, it is far superior from the original movie by Clouzot , and Scheider and Cremer  deliver sublime performances. this movie has a very strange atmosphere,  almost fantastic, and it stucks in your mind long after you've watched it.  The Exorcist remains Friedkin's best movie but this one comes close  second...
B0000062GE|4.0|A wonderful album that shows the pain of breaking up.  Few songs can compare with &quot;haunting me&quot; for pure mental angst.  Well written dark songs.  Every single song is about Bad relationships or relationships ending so if that isn't your stuff stay away.  Brooding at its Best!
0790734850|5.0|When this movie first came out, I refused to see it because I usually do not like movies that receive a lot of hype.  Last year I finally got around to watching it, and I couldn't believe how wonderful the movie was.     I  was impressed by everything: there was so much detail to the movie, right  down to the accuracy of the fifty dollar bill that Jack Vincennes places on  the shot glass.  There was A LOT of suspence, with very unexpected turns  and shady characters, and the acting was superb.  I don't understand,  however, how Russell Crowe (Bud White) is constantly overlooked in the  movie reviews because of Kevin Spacey.  DOn't get me wrong, I adore Kevin  Spacey, but Russell Crowe stole the movie with his performance.  This is  definitly in my top five favorite movies (along with the Usual Suspects).  <br />I definitely recommend this movie if you love suspense.
1573228214|5.0|Did you have a favorite blanket when you were little?  Get ready to meet your new one, now that you're older.  This book gave me more pleasure last year when I read it than that much beloved piece of flannel ever did, and I  dragged Nick Hornby's pseudomemoir around with me long after I finished  reading it, in the sense that I tried to FORCE everyone else I knew, even  slightly, to read it.  Why?  Like Rob, the protagonist, I am not exactly  sure about &quot;stuff&quot;. However, at least he is honest, and,  incredibly funny about the mess he is making about his life. In other  words, he is so very, totally, hopelessly HUMAN.<br />I didn't particularly  care about the fact that the author is male and I, the reader, am female.  I think this is not the point of this book.  Rather, this book is about the  struggles we all have, doing our best to face up to our fears, and the  total screw ups we all make just living our lives when we finally take some  sort of a stand about ANYTHING and make a choice.  After all, what could  possibly go wrong?  Ha, ha, ha.<br />Just read the first page and I guarantee  you'll be hooked.  By the time you are finished, you will be touched and  you will want to touch the other people you know by sharing this terrific,  funny, poignant, contempory bestseller with them.<br />Can't wait to see the  movie.  If John Cusack doesn't do right by this, I'll be really surprised.  Even though he is not British, like the author, Nick Hornby, he should be  perfect. He's got the vulnerable yet intelligent maleness that makes you  incapable of not loving High Fidelity's funny, goofy, always trying (well,  kind of) Rob down to a T. Now go rearrange your record collection.<br />best  wishes, Jean
B00003CXAR|5.0|This film has it all. A thouroughly gripping and captivating suspense story, wonderful photography and effects to aid in the telling...and a wonderful cast of actors (particularly Roy Sheider Richard Dreyfuss, and  especially the late and  great Robert Shaw as Quint) to givee life to the  people on the written page. This is a case where the film is better than  the book as it trimmed things from the book to make a leaner, meaner  tighter suspense story. Speaking of suspense let us not forget the terror  brought fully to life by the exquisite musical score given to this film by  &quot;Star Wars&quot; musical author John Williams, and I DON'T mean just  the theme for the shark...although that is the EPITOME of music for fright.  All these elements tell you a riveting story of man vs a force of nature  gone berserk that you will not soon forget...It is a film that is in turn  funny, charming, and genuinely frightening that does NOT rely on too much  gore to get the point across. The death scences are disturbing (Quint's  made me nearly sick at my first viewing of this.) but well done....but the  characters you can care for, the acting is wonderful. You forget it is  acting because everybody is convincing. In a short final blurb...do NOT  miss this film!
B00004KD1A|5.0|Rory's way to play Stratocaster,is unique,a great,phenomenal performance  that reveal all the strong of rock'n roll,until the beginning of 80's,when  he toured with this sensational band. Really a great album,a  masterpiece,not to be forgotten,anywhere...!!!! If you not know who's Rory  Gallagher,this album will show you all the work of this giant guitarman!!!!
0448060191|5.0|I consider the book Little Women a five star book because it is a well educational story of 4 young ladies that grow up to be women. They learned how to be women by taking care of themselves when there mother left to go  help there father since he got sick while fighting in World War 2. Beth got  scarlet fever. She was very sick and they sent a telegram to the mother.  The mother came home and Beth got better. A few days later the Mr.  Lawerence boy brought home a sepcial surpirse...the father. He came home  just in time before Beth got sick again. Soon after she died. Amy went off  to Europe with her Aunt March and Mr.Lawerence and the boy Mr.Lawerence  were there. The boy fell in love with Amy. They soon got married.When they  came home everyone was surprised. It was a great celebration. Meg was  married,then Amy was married, then Jo was soon to be married. They all  celebrated and lived happily ever after.
6304346107|4.0|I'm collecting movies based on Jane Austen books, and this version sticks to the book more than the others.  Harriet is more the Harriet I pictured in the book, and Miss Bates is more like a real human than in the  Paltrowized edition.  However, Mr. Knightley in this movie looked kinda  like an angry Jon Lovitz. The overall effect was pleasing; I felt like I  was in England, not a magazine.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
0448060191|5.0|This book is heart-warming and inspiring.  It is the story of a family of four girls, Meg, Jo, Beth, Amy,  their friend Laurie, and their search for their &quot;castles in the air.&quot;  The girls go through life trying to  follow the example of their good and generous parents.  They correct their  faults by listening to, learning from, and teaching each other and the  people around them.  Each person chooses a different path to try and get  their wishes or &quot;castles in the air,&quot; as the four March girls  call them. The eldest sister, Meg, wishes for first a house full of  luxurious things and a lot of money.  She then also would like a good  husband and healthy children.  By the end of part one of the book, Meg is  well on her way to getting her wish.  However, her priorities seem to  switch places.  Beth is the &quot;pet&quot; of the family and she deserves  it.  She is a shy, sweet girl who only opens up to those she trusts.  She  is the third child and is very attatched to her older sister Jo.  Beth's  castle in the air is only to live quietly and to take care of those around  her.  God grants her wish.Amy is the youngest March sister.  She has  artistic talent and so understandably her wish is to be an artist.  Amy  tries her best to improve herself and be a lady of society.  Her hard work  and good sense reward her in the end.  Jo is the second eldest sister and  the most unique.  She doesn't care what others think, except for her family  and a few special friends.  Jo is stubborn, quick-tempered, and blunt.   However, she is also kind, forgiving, and full of passion.  She learns her  lessons the hard way, but tries to catch others and save them the fall.   Jo's dream is to support herself and her family by doing what she loves  best, writing.Laurie, or Teddy as Jo calls him, is the neighbor and life  long friend.  The girls, especially Jo, teach him to get over his  bashfulness and help him to grow into a fine young man.  He struggles, but  this is ahopeful book, and he wins his battle.  He also wishes to love and  be loved by one of the March sisters. All of the charachters do end up  getting their castles in the air.  It is very enjoyable to read how their  wishes change throughout the book.  Little Women is a fantastic novel.  It  is full of smart lessons and important morals.  I especially enjoy how the  story tells the difference between loving someone and being in love with  someone.  I like how the book is hopeful and am inspired to try and correct  my faults and go out in search for my own &quot;castles in the air.&quot;
B0000085N4|5.0|A great album through and through.  Asterbury's lyrical performane can  teach us all one definite thing:  There's nothing like a good wail!!!  His  baritone howls resound throughout the album, especially on &quot;Fire  Woman&quot; and &quot;American Horse&quot;.  The songs &quot;Sweet Soul  Sister&quot; and &quot;Edie&quot; are simply masterpieces.  Whatever you  pay for this album, it's worth it!
B00000JGOH|5.0|When I saw this movie for the first time in the movie theatre I was not impressed. I thought it was a good movie, but I did not think it was the greatest movie ever. I saw the movie again this past September. That is  when I fell in love with this movie. I really paid attention to the subtle  lines in the script and to the enormously talented actors on the screen.  After that viewing I ordered the soundtrack (which I also highly  recommend). Everything about this movie is good and that is why you should  watch it.
B000007NZ5|3.0|I bought this CD solely because of the good reviews at this site. I had not heard any tracks. Well, as soon as I listened to the CD, I got the feeling that Tony Iommi was trying to sound like Def Leppard. I cite  &quot;Kill in the Spirit World&quot; and &quot;Call of the Wild&quot; as  blatant examples. They do not sound like what they are about. It just  doesn't make any sense. What's with all the cheesy keyboards? Then there is  &quot;Nightwing&quot; which is just stupid. What the Hell is a Nightwing?  At least the CD had some high points. The song &quot;Headless Cross&quot;  has a way cool intro (can you say Van Halen?), and then there is &quot;When  Death Calls&quot;. That song is the one song with a really Black Sabbath  riff. One note about that song: Halfway through, Iommi cuts into this Randy  Rhoads thing, I'm not sure why. And that's all I have to say. If you like  Sabbath that isn't Sabbath, get this CD. Otherwise, buy Dehumanizer.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I do not own &quot;Tidal,&quot; but when I first heard &quot;Fast As You Can&quot; I decided this would be a good album for me to buy. I do not regret my decision at all. All the songs are great, but I enjoy  &quot;Limp&quot; and &quot;Get Gone&quot; the best. If there is a flaw with  this CD, I would say that it is the short length. For not releasing a CD in  2 years I thought she would have had some more songs. She did a great job  with what is there and that is why she gets 5 stars.
0679721037|5.0|A racy or suspenseful novel was not the attempt in Hiroshima.  The story is a clear and compelling report from the lens of several victims.  While the dropping of the A-bombs may or may not have been the most humane  decision in a pragmatic sense, the book does not judge, but merely shows  the downside to using the utilitarian ethic.  Please read this book.  I  found it an essential step in the shaping of my sense of history.
0790731452|4.0|For all the people who say this is the &quot;worst movie EVER!&quot; should take a moment and watch the movies that Mars Attacks is spoofing. Spend a day watching old reruns of Mystery Science Theater 3000 and you'll  see what I mean. <br />But the argument can go both ways though. Burton seemed  to cram too much stuff in this one. There's a lot going on here, not all  good, but not the &quot;worst ever&quot; by a long shot.<br />Those of you who  are fans of Tim Burton will love it. As will fans of MST3K and cheesy 50's  sci-fi movies.<br />In the world of Tim Burton it is not the best he's done  (I'll save that review for Sleepy Hollow). Elfman's music is almost  formulaic by now, but still fun. The acting is very plastic and 2-d but  check out the acting in just about any Roger Corman film and you'll see the  inspiration. Some of the violence is gross, but again look at the  inspiration.<br />It's a fun film, worthy of cult status down the road. It  won't rack up any big name awards, or make any best of all time awards. But  sometimes you just have to have fun.<br />And no way you could put it in the  same review as Star Wars I... Phantom Menace was much worse...
0671027344|5.0|This is a really good book. This book explores a teenagers life about sex, drugs and friends. A boy named Charlie feels like he has no one to talk to . So he writes letters to friend. He talks about everything that is  happening in his life. I can really relate to this book because i am a  teenager.
B000002NJS|5.0|This, without a doubt, is Madonna's best album ever. All of the songs are meaningful and emotional. Also they have such a powerful rhythm and pulse that makes you dance without even realizing it. All of the traks are  exceptional, but the ones that stand out are &quot;Ray of Light&quot;  &quot;Drowned World/Substitute for Love&quot; and &quot;Nothing Really  Matters.&quot; I heard there were plans to release the follow up album  later this summer. I am sure they will be companion albums, so you can't  have one without the other. The &quot;Ray of Light&quot; album that was  released in Japan has an extra track called &quot;Has to Be.&quot; If you  can find a copy and listen to it you will NOT be disappointed.
0140187537|4.0|Only bad thing in that book is atempt to answer  the question.<br />May be it is the most powerful of all Steinbeck books. May be only one of them, where author do not really know the answer.<br />Of course, he is trying to  answer. While Dostoevsky in same situation forced his hero to commit  murder, Steinbeck forces world to teach hero a lesson. But he have enough  taste to live hero with gains from his crime.
6305807086|5.0|In case, you don't know, that's a line from an Oingo Boingo song.<br />Being John Malkovich is a movie about people. John Cusack is an unemployed puppeteer who gets a new job in a very peculiar place: the 7 &amp; 1/2  floor of an office building. He soon discovers a tunnel into the mind of  movie star John Malkovich. <br />That's the plot at it's most basic. Trying to  summarize this movie is like trying to explain what color looks like to a  blind man. It is a shockingly original, amazing film. It was truly robbed  of an Oscar for best original screenplay: while American Beauty was good,  it wasn't as good as Malkovich and not nearly as original.<br />The direction  by Spike Jonze is strange and surreal. There aren't a lot of bright colors  or beautiful shots, but the movie really draws you in with it's dark,  strange atmosphere. As I said before, the screenplay is utterly brilliant.  The movie kind of reminds me of Terry Gilliam's Brazil - only it's not  nearly as maddening to watch.<br />The performances are quite good, but really  do serve the story. No one stands out in this movie. Not even Malkovich.  One note: if you don't pay attention, the plot may confuse you a  bit.<br />Being John Malkovich is a very rare kind of movie indeed: one that  is stunningly original and incredibly well-done. Truly a must-see.
B00000K0EA|2.0|Call the Bond films what you like...&quot;repetitive&quot; and &quot;formulaic&quot; are some adjectives that non-Bond fans (and even Bond fans) often bring up in discussing the series.  And as a Bond fanatic, I  fully recognize that these films are formulaic...and, frankly, wouldn't  want them to be any other way.  I believe that much of the series' enduring  charm stems from the predictability and familiarity of certain  elements.<br />Sadly, these elements are not up to snuff in Tomorrow Never  Dies.  The acting is simply weak throughout, something symptomatic of a  poor script.  How else can you explain the waste of the talents of Jonathan  Pryce? Roger Ebert once said that a Bond film is only as good as its  villain - something made abundantly clear by this entry in the Bond canon.  Pryce's character - Elliot Carver, a sort of Rupert Murdochesque media  baron - is simply not over the top or megalomaniacal enough.  He's just  like...well, Rupert Murdoch.  Carver's henchman, Herr Stamper (who looks  eerily like Dolph Lundgren's Drago in Rocky IV) is a cartoonish bad guy  with cartoonish dialogue.  The Bond girl (Michelle Yeoh) doesn't ever coo a  proper &quot;Oh, James.&quot;  Even Teri Hatcher's presence is squandered.  And why? Quite simply, a bad script (which reportedly had to be re-written  at the last minute...and it shows).<br />Also, the directing is shoddy.  There  are some slow-motion action shots interspersed throughout the movie that  have no place in a Bond film, but rather the latest Seagal or Van Damme  film (not that there's anything wrong with Seagal or Van Damme flicks, of  course...).<br />Strangely enough, I could foresee all of this coming when I  first saw the film: if you look at the end of the opening credits, Roger  Spottiswoode's name stays up on the screen for a good ten seconds, even  after the titles fade out...something never before done; a hubris  unbecoming of a Bond director.  There are some missing shots throughout,  and the picture itself isn't as good-looking as its predecessor.<br />All is  not lost, however.  The action (especially in the opening scene and in the  Hamburg car park) is still fun to watch.  Plus, Desmond Llewelyn pops by  with the usual gadgets and reassuring presence (which we'll sadly miss come  the next Bond film).<br />This isn't a bad film, and is actually a half-decent  action film.  But as a Bond film, it is sub-par -- something that would be  made up for in abundance by the next Bond film (&quot;The World is Not  Enough&quot;, soon to be released on video, which, along with  &quot;Goldeneye&quot;, is much more highly recommended for new[er] Bond  fans).cture itself isn't as good-looking as its predecessor.<br />All is  not lost, however.  The action (especially in the opening scene and in the  Hamburg car park) is still fun to watch.  Plus, Desmond Llewelyn pops by  with the usual gadgets and reassuring presence (which we'll sadly miss come  the next Bond film).<br />This isn't a bad film, and is actually a half-decent  action film.  But as a Bond film, it is sub-par -- something that would be  made up for in abundance by the next Bond film (&quot;The World is Not  Enough&quot;, soon to be released on video, which, along with  &quot;Goldeneye&quot;, is much more highly recommended for new[er] Bond  fans).
0060931671|3.0|I didn't much care for this book.  I felt it was bland, believe it or not.  It was a fairly challenging read, yes, and it had a few redeeming ideas.  But what disturbs me the most is the idea that if you don't like this book  you're some TV gorged ape or other simian counterpart.  The types of people  who tell me that I don't like this book because I possess not the lofty  intellect to appreciate it, are the same types who tell me I am racist for  not liking &quot;The Invisible Man,&quot; or I am sexist for not enjoying  Sylvia Plath in general.  As the &quot;Great Writers Are Not to Blame for  Your Lack of Education,&quot; guy stated that he feared complaints that  some novels are too challenging would lead to &quot;The Dumbing Down of  America,&quot; I fear the uglier problem at hand is the inability of a  person to state his/her opinion without being assailed as some sort of  saboteur to a school of theory or line of thinking.
0782008372|2.0|If you really like the movie, can get a good deal on it, and won't be paranoid that your DVD player is on the fritz, then buy it.  The picture is worse than a typical new VHS tape, but the sound is 5.1 (though only fair  in quality).
0440234743|2.0|It was hard to read the entire book. I kept waiting for the story to 'grab  me' but it just never happened. Could not identify with any of the  characters(nor did I care what happened to any of the characters!).
B0000041Z3|5.0|I feel much the same way about this anthology as about Rafael Kubelik's Mahler cycle.  There is quite a substantial amount of music for very modest cost. The performances of Nos. 4,6 and 7 would merit 5 stars by themselves,  for the same price. The rest of the cycle is pretty good too, except  perhaps (disappointingly) No. 5,  which is interpreted rather  perfunctorily.  This was the Vienna Philharmonic's first recording of this  music and almost needless to say they play very well.  The sound quality is  very brilliant, making no allowances at all for the age of the original  recordings. I still consider the Colin Davis and Paavo Berglund cycles to  be more convincing in terms of interpretation, but this set still remains  excellent value for the money.
B000002ULO|5.0|It is a classic. It will stand the test of time along with Band on the Run. Sure there are lots of great McCartney songs he recorded through the years, but, these have the greatest consistancy in single packages. This is  McCartney at his finest. Delightful, thoughtful, and rockin' 'yeah baby'.  His singing and musicianship is near perfect and the melody is such a  welcome friend.  Good God in most of today's music where did the melody go.  Flaming Pie is such a wonderful trip, sometimes totally now, sometimes  nostalgic, sometimes surprising. I never tire of this one. Rock on Pauly!
B00000J9HE|5.0|I think it is fair to say that Karajan had a profound understanding of the music of Sibelius - many of these items were recorded 3 or 4 times each.  I cannot give an unqualified recommendation to the performance of the 7th  Symphony, I find this reading a little lacking in concentration and power  compared to the efforts by Simon Rattle, Ormandy and Berglund, but it  remains very fine.  All the other items deserve an unqualified  recommendation. No. 4 is about as cold, unremitting, and austerely  beautiful as one could ever hope to hear - although it may not be to  everyone's taste. No. 5 is my favourite alongside that of Simon Rattle's  famous record, it has simply stunning playing and conveys visionary  strength in the finale. No. 6, an enigmatic work, is played with great  eloquence too and an almost disarming simplicity, which is rare for this  conductor. His very restraint fits the character of this subtle but deeply  felt symphony admirably.  Tapiola has to be considered a great success too,  although Karajan went on to surpass even this performance later in his  career.  The original sound quality on the LPs was very good and the  digital remastering for this issue is very welcome.  It is good to have  these classic performances back in circulation, they are worthy of the  label. At medium price, this is excellent value. Strongly recommended.
B0000029J5|4.0|If you like Keb Mo, and I do, you'll love Eric Bibb.  Check him out!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Okay, so maybe I didn't.  I only knew two of the tracks-the so-so &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; (another simple, beautiful, and overplayed ballad like &quot;Truly, Madly, Deeply), and the so-so but underplayed &quot;The  Animal Song.&quot;  I figured on the strength of those two songs that the  album would be worth buying, mainly because I liked their debut so much.  This album wasn't just good, it blew me away.  &quot;Affirmation&quot; has  to be one of the greatest songs I have heard this year, even if I do not  agree with all of the statements made in it, and &quot;Crash and Burn&quot;  is an awesome single.  &quot;Hold Me&quot; and &quot;Two Beds And A Coffee  Machine&quot; are my other two favorites from this album.  It keeps getting  played on my cd player over and over again, and promises to be just as  successful as their last album was.  If you're not sure about buying this  album, trust me, there's not a bad track in the lot.  The rest of the album  is even better than the first single from it.
B0000025VU|4.0|&quot;Infidels&quot; is Bob's first album after beginning to break away from his Christian phase. The album has great songs including &quot;Jokerman&quot;, &quot;Sweetheart Like you&quot;, &quot;I and I&quot;,  &quot;Lisence to Kill&quot; and &quot;Don't Fall Apart on Me  Tonight&quot;.<br />I would give this album 5 stars but the production is kind  of boring and glossy at times. I understand there are some original masters  floating around that have a more natural sound. Bob went back into the  studio and tampered with it and unfortunately he may have harmed the final  product a bit. But, there are great sounding numbers on the album. I read  somewhere that Frank Zappa almost produced this album.
B0000009RX|5.0|MAYBE THE BEST ALBUM OF FRANK ZAPPA...VERY ORIGINAL...IT WAS 1967 WITH  ...THE MONKEES AND  DEAN  MARTIN.....IT CAN'T HAPPEN HERE?  SUZY CREEMCHEESE HAS CHANGED  THE WORLD OF MUSIC....
B00000253N|5.0|Bob Dyan's greatest album of the past past 25 years(Desire, Infidels, Oh, Mercy and especially Time Out of Mind are respectable contenders, but no match). Beautiful, personal songs well expressed with a sweet folksy band  behind him.<br />Bob proves himself a most honest confessionalist in this  perfect set of songs that is always a great pleasure to listen to. The  songs have great impact and stay with you long after you play them.<br />My  favorites include &quot;Tangled Up In Blue&quot;, &quot;Simple Twist of  Fate&quot;, &quot;You're a Big Girl Now&quot;, &quot;Idiot Wind&quot; and  &quot;Shelter from the Storm&quot;.
6304938241|3.0|The Wings of the Dove has a great scene towards the end where the two lover make love. Its sex without love or even lust but soaked in guilt and self loathing. It is a morosely erotic scene. Unfortunatley the rest of the  film doesn't match that level of intensity, but is a rather mechanical  exercise in love-triangle drama. This is strange as director (Iain Sofetly)  of Backbeat tries to break all genre conventions with kinetic camera work  and Helena Bonham Carter gives a wonderful performance rich with lust,  selfishness and guilt. Its rather inexplicapable then that the film never  truly reaches a take off point or a level of emotional involvment as for  example a slow burner like Merchant Ivory's Howards End and certainly not  even in the vicinity of their masterful The Remains of The Day. No this is  more similar to MerchantIvory's 1986 film A Room With  A View, also an  elegant film, also starring Carter that similarly fails to engage on an  emotional level.
B0000026UL|5.0|Bob's best album of the 80's. &quot;Oh, Mercy&quot; is a nice album. It is kind of low-key, but there are wonderful songs and they are well-written, nicely produced and Bob's singing dicipline and harmonica playing are  better than ever. The only weak point of the album is &quot;When Teardrops  Fall&quot;.<br />My favorites include &quot;Political World&quot;,  &quot;Everything is Broken&quot;, &quot;Ring Them Bells&quot;, &quot;Most  of the Time&quot;, &quot;What Good Am I&quot; and &quot;Shooting  Star&quot;.
B00001QEE7|5.0|I personally am a great fan of disney. Whoelse would give us talking silverware, boys going on strike and singing a song about, and yes the lovable little mermaid Ariel, who wants nothing more but to be part of our  world. The little mermaid is a big success, it gave us the hope to dream  and so many memorable moments. This is definatly a keeper
B0000025OP|4.0|The good news is &quot;Planet Waves&quot; is full of good songs that go unappreciated for some reason..&quot;On a Night Like This&quot;, &quot;Tough Mama&quot;, &quot;Going, Going Gone&quot;, &quot;Hazel&quot;,  &quot;Forever Young&quot;, &quot;Dirge&quot; and &quot;The Wedding  Song&quot; are great songs!<br />The bad news is a meaningless rock version of  &quot;Forever Young&quot; and a couple of filler songs I can't even recall  the titles....one song is kind of catchy.....&quot;You Angel  You&quot;...that's the one!<br />The playing is great. Bob and The Band are in  good form, but I can't help but wonder if they were a bit rushed to record  it.
0515127485|2.0|Well it's more of the same isn't it. I sure enjoyed Fatherland, for it's premise and readibility more than anything else, but I read it as you watch an action film knowing that it was just a piece of  well put together  vacuous entertainment. The problem with Archangel is that it follows the  same pattern to the letter. It's quite well researched and even clever but  when it comes to plot line it's predictible and improbable. Again we follow  an unlikely hero with nothing to lose in a race against the badies to  expose them and save the world. I'm affraid Harris doesn't move an inch  from the premise that he so succesfully exploited in Fatherland. And as for  the characters they're flat and inhuman just the sort of thing you would  find in cheap spy novels which at the end of the day  is what this is. A  much hiped second rate spy novel, as entertaining as inofensive.
0800116917|5.0|Well, this is a film that I really don't think will ever be duplicated in greatness, epic quality, cinematography, and directing. It won 7 Oscars and should have won more, notably Anthony Quinn for actor in a supporting role.  This really, really is an extraordinary piece of quality cinema, and don't  let the near four-hour running time turn you off. It's well worth the 3  hours 50 minutes and is never really boring. Even though it's a tad bit  difficult to get into in the first 10 minutes or so, I would say by the end  many viewers would be wanting more. The whole thing is gorgeous, the acting  top notch, the scenery breathtaking, and should only be viewed in its  2.35:1 widescreen format.    Hats off to the cast and David Lean for giving  us the ultimate epic and unparalleled film experience in the 20th century.  If you are one of the unfortuante people who has missed this movie, take an  afternoon ASAP and experience it!
6304414145|3.0|There is a lot of talent that went in to this movie. The cast is nothing to sneeze at and they do a fine job, the production is first rate and all of the elements of suspense are there. The trouble is the story itself was  flat. I thought Mel Gibson, the bare knuckled business builder was going to  use his wits to fight the bad guys. That major advertised premise is only a  dinky part of the story. The bad guys did not seem that bad (except for  Gary Sinese, they seemed kinda doofy to me) and my disbelief could not be  suspended as much as the movie demanded. I'm not giving anything away here,  but starting with the scene when somebody comes by to collect their reward,  you know that a key screenwriter quit and a bunch of others were hired to  finish this movie.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|SNL's Bill Murray and Dan Aykroyd are the ultimate ghost hunters in the supernatural comedy hit \\"Ghostbusters\\". After being fired from Columbia University, parapsychology professors Peter Venkman (Murray), Ray Stantz (Aykroyd) and Egon Spengler (Harold Ramis) open their own ghost extermination business. When an evil being from a spiritual dimension invades New York City, these unlikely heroes use their unique talents and special ghost-catching gadgets to save Manhattan from menacing ghosts. Written by stars Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis, \\"Ghostbusters\\" is a creative mix of witty humor and amusing fantasy. The 1984 smash hit grossed over $250 million worldwide and became one of the most successful comedies of the 1980s. \\"Ghostbusters\\" features an imaginative storyline, memorable characters, very big laughs and great visual effects. Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis deliver some excellent comic performances. The cast also includes Rick Moranis, Annie Potts, Ernie Hudson, William Atherton and Sigourney Weaver.<br /><br />Columbia TriStar has certainly put some effort in developing this Collector Series DVD. The blockbuster comedy is presented in its theatrical 2.35:1 widescreen format. The DVD contains a great video transfer with fine sharpness. The Dolby Digital 5.1 sound is well-balanced and quite clear. The DVD features a wide range of special features including deleted scenes, theatrical trailers and three behind-the-scenes featurettes. The visual commentary with director Ivan Reitman, producer Joe Medjuk and actor/writer Harold Ramis is very informative and entertaining. The interactive DVD menus are inventive and pretty cool. With its clear widescreen presentation and great supplemental extras, \\"Ghostbusters\\" is one of the best Columbia TriStar DVDs and earns a winning \\"A\\".
0517548232|2.0|Although though we're (presumably) members of the same political choir, the author treats economics much too simplistically.<br />Calling this book a polemic on Keynesian economics would be accurate, calling it an economics  treatise would be just plain wrong.<br />Time would be better spent reading  Bastiat.
0425107469|5.0|If you own a dog, particularly a large, smart one, you'll never look at him/her the same again.
B000002KET|5.0|You can tell that by my screen name I am a bit biased in my opinion of Sabbath, that aside, you could argue that Sabbath tinkered with the genre that they helped found when the recorded Sabbath Bloody Sabbath. Maybe so,  but this remains one of their most powerful and visual albums. It still has  the heavy tunes (the title track and &quot;A National Acrobat&quot;) but  added to the mix were some very ethereal numbers (&quot;Spiral  Architect&quot; and &quot;Sabra Cadabra&quot;) along with some straight  ahead riff-oriented numbers (&quot;Killing Yourself to Live&quot; and  &quot;Looking for Today&quot;). The songwriting on this album is very tight  and the lyrics are atmospheric and lofty for a band that had previously  discussed Nuclear War, Drug Use and Black Magic. The addition of some  keyboards by Yes member Rick Wakeman and orchestral arrangements only add  to the sound. This album delivers a thick slab of the Sabbath sound, albiet  updated a bit to reflect the changes to come in later albums. All in all, I  believe that it is their best work. The changes made add to the sound that  they had previously perfected to make a Heavy Metal masterpiece. No metal  fan should be without this CD.
B000002UA9|5.0|MY SUGGESTION FOR ANYBODY WHO GIVES THIS ONE OR TWO STARS IS MAYBE YOU NEED TO LISTEN TO IT!  THIS DEBUT,WHICH BY THE WAY WAS THE NUMBER 1 ALBUM IN BRITAIN 30 WEEKS IN A ROW(UNTIL &quot;WITH THE BEATLES&quot; WAS  RELEASED)CONTAINS PURE CLASSIC MATERIAL LIKE I SAW HER STANDING THERE,  PLEASE PLEASE ME, ANNA, LOVE ME DO, AND ONE OF THE GREATEST SCREAMERS OF  ALL TIME,TWIST AND SHOUT. ANY GOOD COLLECTION OF CD'S HAS THIS ONE,PERIOD!
6300182282|4.0|From the moment the Johnny Mathis song &quot;The Last Time I felt Like This&quot; begins, you'll be hooked. This is a marvelous character study of two people who take a &quot;time out&quot; from their real lives and  connect every year... through good times and bad. You will laugh with the  abusurdity of Alan Alda's tendency to &quot;not think things through&quot;  and marvel at Ellen Burstyn's incredible performance as she grows through  the years. I defy you to remain unmoved by the &quot;hippie&quot; scene, or  to not laugh about Alan's wife's referred-to antics in the bad and good  stories the couple relate to one another each year. By the way, the song is  avilable on &quot;The Best of Johnny Mathis&quot;... Wonderful!
B00000J7S8|2.0|I´m disappoited with this CD. I bought it because of the Grammy Awards, media exposure, etc,. First, when I opened the CD, I wanted to see the musician names. I´m a big Ray Brown fan and wanted to know if he was part  of the album, because I´ve heard that he had played with her. What I found:  Pictures, pictures and more pictures. Then, I found the booklet. On the  first page instead of seeing: voice &amp; piano: xxx  Bass: xxx and Drums:  xxxx I saw: Art direction xxx Graphic Disign: xxx Photography xxx HAIR AND  MAKEUP: xxx STYLIST!  xxx and as Louis said, ´and I think to myself´: what  is this? After all this, I wouldn´t be surprised to find a free demo of a  Shampoo inside the CD!  <br />Later, the moment of truth came: listening to  the CD. Good sounding CD, but the cracked voice of Diana doesn´t deserve to  be much louder than the instruments. I would have balanced her voice and  the instruments a little more. But, the mixman won a grammy for this work,  what can I argue!<br />I love the song I´ve Got You Under My Skin. At first, I  liked it, but then it never ended!<br />Strange timings at the piano solos!   It seems that she plays learned improvisations. How could she be compared  with the MASTER Oscar Peterson!  She tries to play similar, but she  doesn´t!  I had to stop the CD cause my ears were tired of her voice.  Maybe I´ll have to listen to it again and again to get used to it. But I  don´t think it´ll work! <br />Marketing stroke me for the very first time in a  Jazz CD! (Tony Bennett deserved to win the Grammy Jazz Award for his  tribute album to Duke Ellington).
B000002TQV|5.0|My baby had better have this album!  From the opening piano on Planet Telex to the brilliant closing track Street Spirit (Fade Out), this album takes you on a heck of a ride.  Just and The Bends are great tracks that  rock you, Fake Plastic Trees, High and Dry, and Bulletproff...I Wish I Was  make you want to cry.  OK Computer was definately an improvement over The  Bends, but this album still deserves every bit of the five stars.  It is a  truly great piece of work.  I beleive Fake Plastic Trees is quite possibly  the greatest love song of all time (it is at least to me).  This album is  definately not for the faint hearted, if you can't ride a roller coaster  don't buy this album.  It takes you from one emotional extreme to the  other.  It's quite a nice trip.  Buy it.  Like it.  Be happy.  Thanks.
0767802519|5.0|This is one of those rare movies that successfuly crosses action with a real story and incredible acting.  The Professional is the story of a young girl adopted by a professional assassin after her family is murdered by  crooked cops, and their life together as she seeks vengeance.<br />The  storyline is clever and interesting, with a great 'bad guy' played by Gary  Oldman who'll send shivers down your spine everytime he's on screen.  Jean  Reno and Natalie Portman also do a great job as the assassin and girl,  growing closer throughout the film, but keeping a realistic  uncomfortableness between them.<br />As far as action goes, few movies surpass  The Professional.  From the great opening scene, to the incredible climax,  this is the kind of movie DVD's were made for.  I don't know of anybody who  hasn't enjoyed this movie, action fans and not, it's a must see.
B00000IPAX|5.0|For the people who dont own this cd you need to get out and buy it because, this is the best cd in the world.
6305627401|3.0|Up front, I must admit that I am not a huge fan of the South Park television series.  Bits and pieces are very humorous and others miss the mark.<br />This DVD, however, I found very funny.  In fact, I had tears in my  eyes from laughing at several scenes.  On the surface, the movie is a  profane, simple cartoon.  In reality, it is a profane social commentary.   The idea that we would be upset by profanity and accepting of violence  against our fellow man (in war) really makes you think.  <br />The DVD is very  clear and colorful and the Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack is wonderful.   Where it really shines is in the songs (which are hilarious and frankly,  very singable).  The surrounds are used subtly and the .1 channel is fairly  active in several scenes.  <br />The film is definitely not for kids, or even  some adults, but if you look past the profanity to what Trey Parker is  trying to say, the film is much more serious than it seems.<br />The only  thing that kept me from giving it 4 stars was that, at times, the messages  were a little less subtle than they could have been.
B00000K19E|3.0|This is a fun sci-fi movie but not at all thought provoking. The film takes itself way too seriously. The alternate world/alternate reality theme  simply doesn't remain consistent and consequently just doesn't work. But,  if what you want to watch is a fun, silly, but kind of cool movie then  watch this. But don't expect much more than that.
6303942830|5.0|This movie will bring alive the passsion in your soul!  It has danger, romance, intrigue, everything you could ask for.  The soundtrack is also unbelievable.  You have to see it!
078322933X|5.0|This book is awesome with a great cast, especially Reece Witherspoon. It dosen't leave you hangin and it might make you think twic before going out with somebody.
B00002R0MC|5.0|Words Can't Describe this Musical Genius.As A Writer,Musician Bob Marley put so much Heart&amp;Emotion into his Work and this Set SHowcases a Genius who Lived&amp;Breathed thru His WOrk.I'm Glad this Box Set came back it was  ashame that this was Out of Print for awhile that was A Musical  InJustice.His Words&amp;Music are Timeless Treasures.
0679745653|4.0|We've all seen the movie, but very few of us have read the book.  I finally read it, and, boy, am I glad I did.  It is so good.<br />People always say that the book is better than the movie--no matter what the book or  movie is.  I generally say that they are two different mediums and cannot  be compared: apples and oranges.<br />In the case of BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S,  the two (the book and the movie) are actually very close, but the book will  give you insight that the movie won't.  Read it.  Enjoy it.
B000002GC2|5.0|Of Quincy Jones Albums since this One this One is way Ahead of the others.The Greatness of Quincy Jones's Vision is all over this Grand Album.Patti Austin,James Ingram,Rod Temperton,&amp;The King Of Pop Michael  Jackson all bring their Talent to this Must have set.Before FOlks started  having Guests on their Albums all The way Thru Quincy was The  First&amp;truly the Only Person to pull it off well.The  Talent&amp;Production are First Rate.
0843111259|5.0|The children in my family have recycled and shared many of the Little Miss and Mr. books by Roger Hargreave for the past several years. But the favorite seems to be Mr. Sneeze.I recently found an old copy of Little Miss  Trouble that belonged to my youngest child who is now a junior in college.  He was excited but said &quot; I'd give $100.00 for Mr. Sneeze&quot;. It is  still out of print, but amazingly his cousin still had my son's original  copy! He was estatic to find it under the Christmas tree this past  Christmas!  So... Mr. Sneeze never grows old!
B00000269M|5.0|I love this album so much! For all you people who gave it one star, you are some narrow-minded people. So it didn't sell as much as Thriller, but it is the second biggest selling album of all time in the 80s. Michael  Jackson is a LIVING LEGEND!  And for all you fans out there, this album was  worth it, and Michael has proved to his TRUE fans, HE'S BAD!
0792152328|3.0|The scenery was beautiful &amp; the historical views were realistic &amp; really took you back in time, but the characters were rather trite &amp; the plot was old.  It's the same old romance plot &amp; to make matters  worse, the romance is a hackneyed story of: guy from poor background falls  in love with girl with rich, &quot;upper-class&quot; parents.  And the  girl's family is snobby &amp; don't approve of this &quot;low-class&quot;  boyfriend.  I thought Rose was a bit stereotyped in that when the ship is  sinking, she constantly whines, &quot;Jack...Jack&quot; &amp; is shown as  panicky while Jack is cool &amp; collected &amp; is always rescuing her.  Rose also came across as a little self-centered &amp; spoiled.  Of course,  Jack is infatuated with her &quot;beauty.&quot;  I thought DiCaprio was  WAY overrated as an actor;he's all right, but not spellbinding; I suspect  it's because he was the latest teen idol that so many people gushed over  him.  His character, Jack tried to come across as a charming, humble,  funny boy, but he came across as kind of show-offy &amp; wanting to  &quot;rescue&quot; Rose.  I'd take the &quot;Karate Kid's&quot; Daniel  LaRusso over Jack Dawson any day (Daniel is REALLY endearing &amp; funny  &amp; doesnt try to show off or &quot;rescue&quot; his girlfriend).  The  ending kind of bothered me; Jack &amp; Rose are in the freezing water &amp;  Jack, I guess trying to be &quot;chivalrous&quot; lets Rose take up the  whole piece of the splintered lifeboat &amp; tries to survive in the water,  even though he's nearly FROZEN.  I think if Rose had an ounce of common  sense &amp; decency, she would have insisted that Jack share half of the  boat or the two of them hang on in the water.
B000002B2T|5.0|For those of you who buy this album expecting to hear all the heavy guitar work and anger that makes up most alice in chains albums and some Pearl Jam albums, you may be in for a suprise. Before listening to this album,  understand that it is completely different than anything both of these  bands have ever made. And by saying that, it is a killer album. Maybe not  quite as good as ten or dirt, but still, listening to Above is total bliss.  Layne Staley's vocals have never sounded better. He has to be the greatest  vocalist of the 90s. Mike Mc Creedy's guitar work is excellent, and the  songs just plain rule. buy this album if you like any of these bands. You  won't be dissapointed. Don't buy this album however if what you want is a  hard and heavy album with lots of distortions, cuz you won't find much of  that here.
B000007SIN|5.0|My favorite version of Gaucho used to be one of those special edition 24k gold cd versions of Gaucho (forgot what they are called, there's one of Aja too). But after hearing this one, wow! This is good stuff! Blows that gold  cd away! So much detail, and yes, a lot of base! As commented below,  hearing voices from your surround speakers can be weird, but then again,  you can just play it in stereo mode too. That still blows away the rest!   Now I'm hoping that the rest of their albums will be put on dts... Please,  please, pretty please...
B000023VR6|5.0|This is one of the best cd's I've ever heard, not only from Dre, but out of any artist.  It's awesome!  I listen to it all the time.  Also, the people who featued on the cd were great to.  Snoop Doggy Dog, Eminem,  Devon..they were all terrific!  It's a 10 on my list and I totally  reccomend you get it for your self!
B000002MH5|5.0|This cd is awsome.  I suggest you go buy it RIGHT NOW.
B000023VR6|5.0|This is one of the best cd's I've ever heard, not only from Dre, but out of any artist.  It's awesome!  I listen to it all the time.  Also, the people who featued on the cd were great to.  Snoop Doggy Dog, Eminem,  Devon..they were all terrific!  It's a 10 on my list and I totally  reccomend you get it for your self!
0451452739|5.0|2001 is a book about exploring hummities origens and what our purpose in the universe is.  Clark shows us a world that is on the end of its life and shows how mankind is going to destroy each other and are time on earth is  limited.  This right here takes reference from the Time Machine written by  H.G. Wells.  The world of 2001 is a one that no one cares about the future  or past of their origens. Clarks theory that aliens helped our ape  ancestors is out there but rember in the introduction Clark said &quot;The  truth is always stranger.&quot;  Some say that this book is for teenagers  you are lost but this is a book that will stimulate your thought a make you  question how did mankind come about.  As for the people who say that a  computer like the HAL 9000 is impossible I would like to say something to  them.  Nothing is impossible it is impreable that something like that will  happen in our lifetime but sometime in the future it might happen.  We will  never know if that is the truth but look at how fare technolgy has come in  few years.  In conclusion I say buy the book and jugde it for yourself.   You can not waste anything by reading.
0783240287|5.0|i found myself applauding after the great production numbers!  donny osmond is great as joseph! he should be though, as he has been doing the role for nearly nine years!  the real find here is maria friedman as the  narrator! she is vivacious and her voice tares doen the house with the  pharoh's story that opens the 2nd act!  the end of act one &quot;go go  joseph&quot; is the one that really kicks! incredible production number!   every number is awesome and the dts and dolby digital sound as well as the  clear, crisp video transfer make this a greater experience than it was on  the stage!  go, go, go get your copy now; you will find that you will be  watching it over and over an over.  a showstopping delight!
6304493681|5.0|Title says it all, anime at it's best, great sound and excellent visuals combine with super animation to give you a treat... you might guess that I enjoyed this one
0140177396|4.0|Expresses the life of a caretaker extremely well and highlights all forms of loneliness in a way that every reader can relate to.
B000002JS0|5.0|Most of the tracks on this album are actually from AC/DC's second australian release &quot;TNT&quot;.  The only thing that can be said about &quot;Highvoltage&quot;, or any Bon Scott era album for that matter is  OUTSTANDING.  This stuff is the rawest and most enjoyable Rock N Roll  you'll ever hear. All releases between '74-'79 are consistently good, so  buy them indiscriminately.
0446310786|5.0|Expresses the life of childhood and the lessons to be learned extremely well along with life as a black in the early 1950's. Places an excelent perspective on racism and judgement.
6305750750|5.0|I saw TPM in the theatres 8 times, I know someone who saw it a record breaking 20!  The storyline Lucas has developed for the Star Wars universe is the best out there...Only true fans will be able to see the  intricate details of the storyline...and if you hated it because of JAR JAR  you are ignorant...Look at the amount of work that went in to this  project....Masterpiece of modern Cinema.
B0000296SI|4.0|I am just beginning to enter the world of alternative music. This album is good. Really good. Even for a 35 minute CD, it's pretty good. The one thing I noticed is how the songs seem to sound alike. Even though all the songs  are good, none of them sound original compared to the rest. I'm not going  to let this get me down because it is still a good CD. I also have the  edited version. I just don't like explicit language unless it's coming from  South Park:)
B0000009W9|5.0|This is Elvis Costello at the peak of his powers.  At the time he made this album, his drug-addled days of breathless anger had long since passed but could still be remembered, and he had not yet entirely turned the  corner from pop artist to &quot;artiste.&quot;  The record (it was a  record, after all!) was part of a natural progression for those of us who  grew up more or less along with Elvis, and who had bought into the Elvis  thing in its early days.  Not all of us have enjoyed watching him become  the Paul McCartney of our age, as Paul became the Perry Como of his own,  Rick!
B000003TAL|5.0|To anyone who wants a sonic youth album, this is the one to get first!  everything is just perfect on it... there is not one bad song on this album.  a must-buy
078322947X|1.0|If you look at all the other reviews, you'll rarely see anything less than five stars and the film deserves it.  &quot;SORCERER&quot; falls into that category sometimes referred to as an &quot;undiscovered gem&quot;.  My  reason for giving this DVD one star is technical.  Rather than creating a  new master from film elements, this DVD was created from an existing  full-screen SMPTE television broadcast master.  As a result, you miss all  of screen left, all of screen right, and a portion of both north and south.   &quot;SORCERER&quot; is one of my all-time favorite action films and I can  only hope that Friedkin and company release the original, theatrical  wide-screen version of this thriller.  I am so disappointed by the  technical failings of this DVD that I won't buy it unless/until it's  re-released in the theatrical format.
B000001FS3|5.0|This album does for their old sound what Achtung Baby does for their newer souund.  The album starts with Where the Streets Have No Name and ends with Mothers Of The Disappeared.  This album works on many levels, from the  simple level of plesant sound to the thick brush of deep meaning. This  album is a reminder to every U2 fan of the greatness this band can achieve  with the production team used to make this album.  This album is great for  any fan of Rock and Roll or music in general.
0767802470|5.0|I take particular pleasure viewing DVD films that are restored to the original director's cut (not DVD's that only feature new footage as a separate element).  The fifty or so minutes that Petersen cut back into DAS  BOOT for this DVD release make for an extraordinary viewing experience -  far superior to the original theatrical cut.  If I could give it ten stars,  I would.
B000002OX7|5.0|In my pinion this is the greatest rock &amp; roll album of all time. But what do I know, I'm just a 15 year old idiot. Anyways this is an essential recording for any classic library. I even have the gold disc.
0393312836|3.0|A Clockwork Orange is a good book in many ways, but it falls short of being an enduring masterpiece.  Anthony Burgess himself was chagrined that this book became his best known novel, its fame assured by Stanley  Kubrick's film adaptation.  The book has an imaginative first-person  writing style that is replete with a slang built mostly from Russian words.   This edition contains a twenty-first chapter that had  been removed from  the first American edition of the book.  In his introduction, Burgess rails  bitterly against this omission, but I have to say that I agree with the  American editor.  Chapter 21 transforms the book from a disturbing vision  of the future into an overly simplistic allegory on human nature.  Burgess'  message?  That the urge to violence and destruction is natural and  unavoidable among the youth of a decaying society, but they'll grow out of  it and become productive, nurturing adults (I guess Burgess forgot about  such grownups as Hitler and Stalin).  It is an oddly weak note on which to  end one of the most forceful and disturbing novellas of the 20th century.
0440234743|3.0|Testament departs from Grisham's courtroom drama theme without actually abandoning the lawyer experience genre. I enjoyed reading this book, but don't expect a typical Grishamesque experience.
B000003BDJ|5.0|I admit it that i was only really a fairweather Rolling Stonesbefore buying this album, but after experiencing Hot Rocks, you'll bea Stones fan for life.  The second disc is truly amazing.  It starts off very strong with &quot;Jumpin Jack Flash&quot; and continues strong with &quot;Street Fightin Man&quot; and &quot;Sympathy For the Devil.&quot; The highlight of the CD and in my opinion the Stones' greatest song is &quot;Gimme Shelter.&quot;  This album can make almost anyone a Rolling Stones fan END
0684833395|5.0|I, as you have noticed probably from my strong rating of it, contend that this book is wonderful, a view into what humanity really is: an intense, inspeperable blend of humor and tragedy. Not that I have any real  expereince with the problems covered in this book, being only 14, but I do   appreciate its wry and exitentialist views, which tend to lighten even the  darkest scenes (especially the last few chapters in hte book) with its  juxtapositioning and genius at its utmost highest. Well, there is my  opinion, little good it will do the potential buyer, but I still hope that  someone reads this and realizes what a wondrous book this is, and that they  should read the book for the sheer humanity that you can extract from it.
B000005H4X|5.0|He truly was a &quot;Messenger&quot; for the music.  He loved, taught and &quot;sold&quot; jazz music. Many a young mind has been turned onto jazz after listening to Art Blakey's great ensembles...and this grouping was his  best (in my opinion).  If you are a person who loves jazz and you don't own  this album, shame on you.  <br />Bobby Timmons classic &quot;Moanin'&quot;  starts the set, and timeless other great numbers like Benny Golson's great  triage &quot;Along Came Betty&quot;, &quot;Blues March&quot; &amp; the  incredible &quot;Drum Thunder Suite&quot; have been known to mesmerize and  sway even the most devout anti-jazz critic.  The unbelievable front line of  jazz giants Golson, Timmons and Lee Morgan, and their nimble interplay, set  the mood for the the vital rhythms of drummer Blakey and bassist Jymie  Merritt.<br />This WILL be one of your favorite all time albums...it is high  on my list....and has been since I bought the monophonic LP version in  1959. Yes, I do have the Stereo CD too.<br />By the way, Leonard Feather's  liner notes alone, are worth the price of of this gem.
0060263865|5.0|I think that it is a great book. Fern can really enjoy life with farm animals. It teaches kids that they don't always have to have human friends. This book should get 1,000,000 stars.
0375420525|4.0|Unless I missed it, nobody here has mentioned Nabokov as a precursor: &quot;Pale Fire&quot; is the urtext novel in which manic annotation wrestles with the work being annotated (and PF may be the only novel whose  index itself is a comic masterpiece). &quot;House of Leaves&quot; is  ambitious in different ways, but Danielewski doesn't have quite the same  control over his material or his language. And he makes annoying mistakes:  his calculation of how far a quarter would fall for an hour forgets to take  wind resistance into account, he thinks Old English words derive from Old  Norse and Gothic, he calls University of Virginia's Thornton Hall, across  the street from me, &quot;Thorton Hall&quot;... of course the metafictional  escape clause is that these are Zampono's errors, or Johnny Truant's, but  that's too cheap a Get Out Of Jail Free card for my taste... Who lives by  the Sterne/Joyce/Pynchon mode falls short by it too. --That said, I think  the narrative of Navidson and the house itself is stunningly successful. In  fact the impossible house is a lot more believable than Johnny Truant,  who's sort of a Lego construction of a character. (With &quot;Thumper&quot;  and the rest of his romantic interests basically Tinkertoys.) So while I'd  certainly recommend the book to anyone who likes experimental fiction, I'm  not ready to canonize it as the Great American Novel of the 21st century.
B00000J6AG|1.0|It's such a pity that so many 'top' artists today have to rely so heavily on the work of others.  How can sampling the work of someone else be classed as original?  Once again,  this is an album created more from the  effort and skill of others than from any new input.  Sure,  it's well put  together,  and it does have it's moments,  but sadly,  they owe their  origins to other artists rather than Moby.
B000002NIW|5.0|The Deftones are possibly the most talented &quot;heavy&quot; band out there (Actually, I think they are the ONLY heavy band with talent).  I can actually call them an emo-metal band.  Even if you don't like metal (like  me), you should give this album a try.  Especially fans of emo music.   Listen to Be Quiet and Drive.  That is NOT metal.
0385495315|5.0|It took me a while to finding to the time to read this because I was expecting a rather dry book on cryptography.  The subject was somewhat interesting to me, but I didn't feel like plodding through a long book on  the subject.  <br />Once I started reading I realized The Code Book was  totally different.  Singh takes you on a tour of the history of  cryptography through the history of the world.  You will find that  cryptography was an unexpected key element in several historical  events.<br />Through the entire history, Singh's writing is exceptionally  clear and easy to follow.  The material in the book is accessible to all  levels of reader -- even those with no knowledge of cryptography.
B00003CWOL|3.0|Kevin Smith is probably my favourite writer at the moment, although I do agree his directing does suffer under his previous success. Due to the larger budget, actor resources and script demands of his Latest film Dogma  I believe it can be seen that he has struggled to juggle all the aspects  successfully. Taken as a dialogue piece alone this is far superior to 99%  of what is out there and measures up favourably to his past work but I  think the main problem after reading one of the early script drafts is that  so much has been cut to make the film more digestable for  &quot;Jo-Public&quot; that it has become to cluttered with characters and  just does not grant each character enough development on screen. Some  characters I think should have even been dropped (namely Salma Hayek who  pales in comparison to real actors next to her)Overall though it is an  excellant film which is not the directors best work but is so full of very  clever and insightful dialogue, that rings true that it proves as  enlightening as to the riciculousness of organised religion as it proves  entertaining. The advantage of the extras included on the DVD means it can  only be Highly recommended.
6305470464|5.0|What a wonderful movie to own when you are sad and alone.  It will lighten your spirit and change your mood.
B000002NHN|5.0|&quot;Ditto&quot; on all the previous wonderful comments.  But what to do after you buy all of Loreena's wonderful CDs and still want more?  I think anyone who loves Loreena will also love the two CDs by Blackmore's Night. Check it out!
0783113943|5.0|I can't believe that I had never heard of Angelina Jolie until I saw &quot;Gia&quot;.  Her performance in the movie was so real, so mesmerizing, I didn't realize that she was the same actress in &quot;Pushing Tin&quot;.  Of course, now everybody knows her.  It is rare to watch a movie that not  only moves you, but &quot;haunts&quot; you, because Angelina's performance  is so dead-on.  You go, girl!
B000001IPL|5.0|I suggest that you pick up this album because its The Offspring at their best. Americana is the dumbest album ive seen in awhile so dont buy it. SMASH has real attitude. I was getting in trouble for singing the album in  school many years ago. Its energetic and smart. I just started listening to  SMASH again and thought i should tell everyone that its a sweet album and  you should at least listen to the samples so you can see!  Peace!
6305428220|5.0|Don't let my title deceive you.  Although I was laughing through the entire movie, it wasn't the acting, or the plot (as ludicrous as it was).  The movie was genuinely funny.  The six lead characters, played by six  talented and upcoming actors, all give great performances, even Elijah  Wood, who for the sake of Biases...I hate. Although Jon Stewart should've  gotten more screen time as the best Biology teacher ever, I was impressed  mostly by Robert Patrick's general freakiness, which I haven;t had the  pleasure of seeing since Terminator 2.<br />One to go down the ages.  Five  stars.
B00000GAIW|5.0|Absolutely great album!  I love Jethro Tull, they are probably my favorite band. I have 14 of their albums.  Ian Anderson must have put a lot of time into this album which was released in 1971.  Musically this is a wonderful  alubm.  Great flute playing by an amazing flute player who only picked it  up a couple months before he started Jethro Tull.  Half is acoustic and  half is good, old fasioned Jethro Tull rock 'n roll.  Best songs on the  album are Aqualung, Cross Eyed Mary (my personal favorite), My God, and  Locomotive Breath.  Aqualung and Stairway were probably the two anthems of  the year on the radio.  Most critics say this is a double mini concept  album, Ian says, &quot;It is not, it is just a bunch of great songs on one  album.&quot;  I agree with the critics on this one.  The first six songs  are about the secular life of an Englishman, Aqualung.  Then starting on  track #7, the focus switches to the hyprocrisies of the Church, especially  the huge established Churches (ex. The &quot;bloody&quot; Church of  England).  After listening to this 40 minute album, one can see the how  much thought Ian put into this album.  The first part is about human  depravity and the quest for finding one's happiness.  The second part is  about how the &quot;church&quot; doesn't really do anything to help one  find its happiness.  Ian says basically that The Church basically takes the  Godhead (the Father, Son, and Holy Spirit) and puts them into a box so they  can worship them the way they want to.  They change God into something of  which He is not in order to fit their own personal needs and happiness.   And at the same time telling people they need to follow Christ, but all the  while living like pagans and hypocrits.  While I do disagree with most of  what Ian Anderson says on this album, I still think he has a point.  The  Church should not worship God in a box as they see fit to meet their needs  and change an unchanging God into what they want their god to be, but  should worship God for who He is and not for what He is not.  And in the  process live like you are a Christian, not as a pagan.  God is the God of  love, has compassion for His people (weither you think He does or not),  sent His Son to die on a cross on our behalf, and brought us to a  relationship with Him.  That is who God is.  I love this album because it  keeps my focus on who God is and not what I wish He is not.  Jesus is my  Lord and Savior, thank God. God is an amazing God who will give you the  greatest most amazing relationship you could ever imagine.  But first you  need to ask Him to save you from yourself and your sinful condition.  What  sinful condition you might say?  Read Romans in the New Testament.  Thanks  Ian Anderson who is an extremely brilliant mind and musician for making us  &quot;think&quot; one more time.  Weither Ian is a Christian or not is not  up to me, but to God.  To the reader of this review: God loves you, give  Him a chance!
6302869390|5.0|This has to be the concert of the century. Until The Band assembled a similar all-star cast for their farewell in 1976, nothing has ever come close. The camerawork is a little fast on the eye but then it was 1970! Bob  Dylan in his first US appearance after his motorcycle crash is at his  coolest, while Clapton &amp; Harrison make their guitars weep gently in  perfect harmony. Please, if anybody out there is listening - Re-Issue!
B00000BKDW|5.0|This album is simply the best album of all time in the history of music. I have no more words for it.
B000003CM8|5.0|this album is truly awsome i love dreams although all of it is very good. i do recomend beginings because you get both the first two albums instead of having to buy both of them
630157401X|5.0|Adventure,excitement,mystery and romance.George Lucas and Steven Spielburg have once again captured the spirit of their vision.Join Indy as he follows the ancient search for the lost cup of Christ,and bumps into some trouble  along the way.Sean Connery does a wonderful proformence as Indy's  father,and River Phoenix does a terrific job of portraying the young  adventures Indy.This is a wonderful film for everyone filled  with thrills  and fun,a true masterpiece once again.
B00002R0MC|5.0|This is probably one of the best box sets I will ever own.  The musicianship and artistry is remarkable across all four discs.  It's consistently amazing.<br /> Usually the downfall of a box set is that it's  little more than a cleverly repackaged greatest hits album with lots and  lots of filler.  The genius behind this set is the diversity in the  offering and the format.  Yes, there are a number of &quot;hit songs&quot;  on this box set, but they're generally in the form of remixes, alternate  takes or live versions.  This way, the listener can really aprpeciate the  craftsmanship of the song and revel in amazement at all of the subtle  nuances that go into Marley's songwriting and playing.  I'm glad this  found its way into mass production again.  Bob's music is timeless and  everyone deserves the privilege of hearing his music.<br /> Hardcore fans  and new fans alike will be amazed by the music contained in Songs of  Freedom.  Buy this one now.
B00001QGPS|3.0|I can't consciously call this a great album, because the production isn't all that great. Erick Sermon's beats have gotten more and more similar as they've gone on. It's Red and Meth's killer tag-team flow that keeps this  album afloat. <br />I honestly believe that they just released this album so  that they would have an excuse to tour together... as if they needed one.  Lemme tell you, y'all, I saw the tour LAST NIGHT, and it was the best show  I've been to in a loooooong time.<br />As far as the album goes, yeah, it has  some moments. &quot;Maaaad Crew&quot; has a nice flow to it, &quot;Tear It  Off&quot; is a very good song, and there are others that make the CD worth  the price. But overall, I was expecting a much darker, more grimy album.  And they SHOULD have called themselves the BLUNT BROTHERS. THAT would have  been SICK.
0880381736|5.0|the book seems very good.  i would reccomend it to young teens and adults  alike.  fantasy lovers will love it.  the whole trilogy reads just like the  hobbit and lord of the rings.  i personaly love stories with an unlikely  band of heroes in a fantasy world.  (i myself am writing a novel about a  boy age 18 who is caught in a  shipwreck and is traped on a fantasy filled  island, which isn't an island at all but a twisted dream.  the rest is  about the people he meets, the places he goes and mosters he fights.)
1558807381|4.0|One of Tom Cruise's early films and another role for Tim Curry as yet again, a villain. LEGEND is one of those movies where fantasy can overlap into horror and become a dark sinister tale. But with a good story, good  acting and briliant F/X, LEGEND is a classic.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is literally the best album ever. Anyone who gave this less than five, please get someone to beat you severely because you need some sense knocked into you badly.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I remember watching this a lot as a little kid and I found it to be really enjoyable, with good music, good story and brilliant F/X and characters.
B00000JCRH|5.0|First listen to the entire album and just bang along.  Then try to hear James' guiter song by song.  Follow the different parts and how riffs follow each other, and the sequencing!  Riffs are thrown at you in patterns  that can blow your mind.  One of the greatest all time bridges happens  after the interlude in 'Master'.  Spend time listening to Lars' drumming in  'Heroes'.  Isolate your listening for each instrument at different times  and you will heighten your overall experience. This cd is uniquely great  among all recordings ever.
B000001EMW|4.0|Apocalyptica are a different sort of heavy metal band.  Imagine &quot;One&quot; being played on cellos and you have this album.  Although at frst I thought that it would be corny, I came to realise that this album  really rocked.  When my wife and I have company over, I can put in this CD  (or &quot;Inquisition Symphony&quot;. their other CD) and no one knows that  it's metal music.  It's great, people who listen to country music tell me  how good it is.  How cultured I seem.  Then I drop the bomb.  Their looks  are worth the money spent when they find out they've been listening to  Metallica.
B000005ITX|5.0|Along with &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot; and &quot;Surrealistic Pillow,&quot; this album survives as a psychedelic masterpiece. It can be counted as one of rock's best works (and often is, in critics polls). What makes it even  better than those more popular albums listed above is its edge, courtesy of  the ever-cynical Arthur Lee. There are at least a half dozen great songs  here, including a pair by Bryan MacLean. Someone needs to reissue this in a  carefully remastered version. (The Rhino hits package contains the whole  album, but makes the bizarre decision to split the album over two discs.)
B000000OQF|5.0|&quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; is quite possibly in the top 10 of heavy metal albums. Being a freshman effort, you would expect a lot less than what you get.  The songs are tight and sound better than most bands  that have been around longer.  Every song on this album is great.  There's  no resting with this one.  From &quot;Welcome to the Jungle&quot; on it  really kicks.  No slow, boring ballads. Just kickin' heavy metal.  My  advice: BUY IT!
6305074364|5.0|What can I say about Misery that hasn't been said already? This is one of the greatest horror\suspense films ever made. Kathy Bates as Annie Wilkes is flawless in the part. No one else could have done justice to it quite  like she did. James Caan is perfectly cast as Paul Sheldon, the famous  writer she is obsessed with. <br />At first, Annie seems a benevelent sort,  sweet as apple pie and overly cutsie. But soon enough we realize that  things are not quite as they seems when Annie starts to show us  a....different side of her. Bone-chilling doesn't even begin to describe  this movie. Buy it today!
B000002H6C|5.0|&quot;Justice&quot; is the second best album by Metallica and last before going commercial.  Although the songs are long (the title track is over 9 minutes) and the album is 65 minutes long, it is far from tiresome. Every  song rocks. Hard (not a word I associate with Metallica, anymore).
0783229526|5.0|In case you don't know what ROTFLMAO means, it's internet shorthand for &quot;rolling on the floor, laughing my a** off&quot;. I am not one to laugh out loud in a theatre and generally I don't go for comedy films  anyway. &quot;Fear and Loathing&quot; is the exception to both of those  claims. This is one of the most &quot;un-politically-correct&quot; films in  years, and a much more realistic pictures of some people some of us  actually knew in the 70's who took psychodelic drugs as a normal, everyday  thing. Completely irresponsible and dangerous, the storyline is completely  believable. Johnny Depp nails Hunter Thompson cold and is simply hilarious.  Terry Gilliam practically turned the book into the script verbatim. In fact  I've never seen a closer film adaptation of a book. I saw the movie in the  theatres and this was one of the first DVD's I ever bought. DVD extras  include several scenes not used in the movie and a making-of documentary.  One really good deleted scene involves Thompson and Gonzo drinking at the  police convention in Vegas next to a visiting cop.  What's wonderful is the  way these guys work off of each other as they develop a total line of bull  to feed the cop who hangs on every word. It's a classic snowjob, but was  edited out because it moves slowly and has no bearing on the actual story.  Still, it helps to show the great interaction of the characters and you  won't see it anywhere but the DVD. Isn't that what DVD's were supposed to  be for ? I normally agree with many news reviews of movies but not in this  case. This movie never got the accolades it deserved. Except from me of  course. This is bat country ! Buy it, watch it, love it for life, but as  Simon &amp; Garfunkel once said to Mrs Robinson: &quot;most of all we've  got to hide it from the kids, koo-koo-ca-choo...&quot;
B000002H33|5.0|&quot;Master&quot; is the penultimate Metallica album (followed only by &quot;Justice&quot;). Metallca were at their best when they recorded this album.  The songs are melodic yet chaotic at the same time.  &quot;Welcome  Home&quot; stands out among the rest just for the fact that it takes you  into the mind of the mentally deranged.  The melodies giving way to  something that truly crunches.  A MUST for anyone wo claims that they are   Metallica fan.  It is completely different from what(ever this stuff is)  they are currently producing.
B0000025DV|5.0|There's a lot of great music here, it's just that some of the music that is composed can be rather mysterious, intellectual, or plain unfamiliar to the ears is basically the reason why people don't listen to ELO. YEAH,  YEAH, give me my Backstreet Boys and N'Sync, let's sing lyrics through  redundancy in our scritchy high-pitched voices! On the eve of applying for  college, such music that ELO produced has definitely influenced me to  perhap major in music/performing arts! To the rockish &quot;Turn to  Stone&quot; to the crazy &quot;Jungle&quot; songs, and many others that I  like (&quot;Sweet Talkin' Woman&quot;, &quot;Sweet is the Night&quot; and  &quot;Mr. Blue Sky&quot;) , there are plenty of pleasant songs to inspire  your soul or boggle your mind! Check out some other ELO albums (You have to  hear &quot;Telephone Line, Can't Get it Out of My Head&quot;, and the  rockin' &quot;Don't Bring Me Down&quot;), because their music lives on!
0743200799|5.0|Gene Kranz is a legend and rightfully so.  Although best known for his role as flight director for Apollo 13, he was with Mission Control from the beginning and as a result set the high standards that continue to this day.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is Blink's best cd yet. I don't think there's one bad song on this whole cd. If u buy it u will NOT be disappointed. Its all 'bout bein a teenager and just partying and having a good time. Every1 should have this  cd cuz its the best cd ever.  I'd like 2 say hi to my buds, especially  Will, Kyle, Scott, Matt, Joey, Joe, Ryan, John Murph., Crandon, Tim, and  every1 I didn't mention, well sorry.  But please buy this cd if u don't  already have it
0881030775|5.0|This is a great book for children and adults.  I would give this a million stars but I can't
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is Blink's best cd yet. I don't think there's one bad song on this whole cd. If u buy it u will NOT be disappointed. Its all 'bout bein a teenager and just partying and having a good time. Every1 should have this  cd cuz its the best cd ever.  I'd like 2 say hi to my buds, especially  Will, Kyle, Scott, Matt, Joey, Joe, Ryan, John Murph., Crandon, Tim, and  every1 I didn't mention, well sorry.  But please buy this cd if u don't  already have it
0425166805|5.0|This book, no matter what some might say has a grain of truth to it. Man  in all his wisdom could not have placed the Stones of Carnac where they lay  right now. Man in all of his stories states that a god(s) came FROM the sky  and imparted wisdom,law,math,and the promise to return.Man in all of his  imitates what he doesn't understand,during World War II when we used the  Pacific islands for Mini airports we frightened the Native people!! They  thought us to be gods or Great holy men,Now imagine what they Saw, They saw  great metal birds, Big metal boxes that spoke to the Angels. That incident  deamed the term Cargo Cult because they couldn't with there stone-age  equivilent minds understanded What a Radio is, or a big piece of metal that  can fly. They  made Bamboo aeroplanes to imitate,to bring back the Great  holy men to there island.Now why Can't this be in our ancient history?  Because we as a race have a narsasistic view over the rest of the galaxy,  We need to be important and for some strange reason we are willing to throw  away anything that doesn't support our Grand Life here( and only here).  Most see this book as an fiction that some sly Swiss Wrote to gain money  and to upset religous Orthidox. This book I would recommend as an STARTER  on the field of Paleo-Seti( The search or extraterrestrial intellect in  history) This book helps you understand what ancient people thought,  belived, and loved. And if you ask him he says &quot;This is what I belive,  YOU have to decide for your self&quot;. Don't let Religous or Scentific  Exeges Tell you what to think, read it with an open mind and let your self  Imagine what the ancient Mayans Saw when they Gazed up at the stars. Oh I  almost Forgot, We also left through the sky,and Promised to return!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is Blink's best cd yet. I don't think there's one bad song on this whole cd. If u buy it u will NOT be disappointed. Its all 'bout bein a teenager and just partying and having a good time. Every1 should have this  cd cuz its the best cd ever.  I'd like 2 say hi to my buds, especially  Will, Kyle, Scott, Matt, Joey, Joe, Ryan, John Murph., Crandon, Tim, and  every1 I didn't mention, well sorry.  But please buy this cd if u don't  already have it
B00003CXBK|5.0|My wife and I have seen this movie in the original Japanese format and can't hlep but watch it over and over again.  Everything about this film is wonderful.  The story is exciting and relevant.  The characters are dynamic  and personable.  The soundtrack is moving and inspiring.  The artwork is  second to none, using incredible techniques and more colors than any other  animated film ever made.  I couldn't believe it though when the DVD release  annouced only an English dubbed version.  Even if you don't speak the  language, the film is beautifully crafted and easy enough to follow.  The  Japanese-English translation was probably labored over for years, since it  was originally released in Japan in 1997, but there is invariably something  lost in the translation.  If you want to get the true experience from this  wonderful film, you have to hear it in its original Japanese form.  You  can't help but be moved by the dialogue.  The themes on man vs nature, man  vs man and man vs self are self-evident.  I only hope that Disney will  rethink its release and include the original Japanese version with the  English version as well.
B00001QEE5|3.0|This is an enchanting story, and I'd give it 5 stars if it weren't for a bit of unfortunate sterotyping of American Indians.  In particular, a song sung by the Indian characters (&quot;What Makes The Red Man Red?&quot;) is  intended to be funny, but now it just comes across as embarrassing.  I  fully realize this sort of thing was par for the course in Hollywood at the  time.  But it's still unfortunate that I now have to explain to my kids  that it's really NOT OK in our family to use skin color as the punch line  to a joke.
0843178396|5.0|The Mr. Men series was always a favorite of mine when I was growing up, and now looking back on these delightful books, I find myself sad that I've misplaced them over the years.<br />These wonderfully simple books are  perfect, filled with valuable lessons!  I highly recommend them.
B00001QEE5|3.0|This is an enchanting story, and I'd give it 5 stars if it weren't for a bit of unfortunate sterotyping of American Indians.  In particular, a song sung by the Indian characters (&quot;What Makes The Red Man Red?&quot;) is  intended to be funny, but now it just comes across as embarrassing.  I  fully realize this sort of thing was par for the course in Hollywood at the  time.  But it's still unfortunate that I now have to explain to my kids  that it's really NOT OK in our family to use skin color as the punch line  to a joke.
0451160916|5.0|I give it five stars all the way. Stephen King remains my all-time favorite author. It's amazing how he creates and brings to life the characters so vividly. I also liked how he connected Misery in with it.  (They both took place in Sidewinder,Colorado). The haunted secluded hotel  is terrorifingly brillant. Though the book is much better,I highly  recommend the movie,Jack Nicholson plays the greatest psycho. Again, I  highly recommend that you read The Shining by Stephen King It'll give you  nightmares just like it did me.
1573225517|4.0|One of my top five books!
B00000K3G8|5.0|The music is great. The CD is recorded with HDCD even though no mention is made of this on the CD. It also sounds great in Dolby Surround, though again no mention of using this technology was mentioned on the disc.
6305538018|4.0|'Existenz' has been done before. Totall Recall and The Game are just two recent examples where the film's protagonists are caught up in a mind-spinning set of circumstances where they begin to doubt their actions,  motives and even themselves! What Existenz has going for it is comical and  deadpan humour. I can remember some parts of the film where I laughed out  loud and was then unsure of whether I was supposed to. Jennifer Jason Leigh  and up-and-comer Jude Law are great. Obviously shot with a low buget but  despite this, the production values are solid. I enjoyed 'Existenz'. You  will too. Expect to laugh.
B000002I6X|5.0|This album is truly a classic. &quot;Change Partners&quot; is a classic song; another stills acoustic masterpiece. Following the footsteps of classics such as &quot;Suite: Judy Blue Eyes&quot;, and  &quot;Woodstock&quot;, this song truly makes this a 5 star album.  &quot;Nothing To Do Today&quot; is another beauty, and with a supporting  cast featuring the likes of &quot;Know Youve Got To Run&quot;, &quot;Fishes  And Scorpions&quot;, and &quot;Bluebird Revisted&quot;, this album is a  must buy!
B00000637V|4.0|The theme of this album is of a doomed relationship between the singer and &quot;Caroline&quot; his &quot;Germanic Queen.&quot; It starts in a tone of anguished love, passes through violence and hatred and eventually, after  Caroline's suicide, into pity and sadness.<br />Musically, much of the album  has the form of a poem read with incidental music rather than of  songs.<br />The tracks: &quot;Caroline Says I&quot; and &quot;How do you think  it feels&quot; are the musical highlights of the album. On the latter,  Aynsley Dunbar's drumming really works well. Indeed, the album contains a  number of notable performances by some glittering names. Not the least is  Jack Bruce's bass work on Men of Good Fortune.<br />Sad though the album is,  it is not depressing. The content will pass some listeners by and the album  certainly demands more than one hearing fully to appreciate its  qualities.<br />Love it or hate it. There is no middle ground for most folks!
0790738082|5.0|I first saw The Music Man at the Radio City Music Hall. It was then and it still is now one of the greatest adaptations of a stage play ever. From the clever casting to the wonderful music, It is a slice of America we will never see the likes of again. How anyone can      not like it. It's so simple and innocent, good clean family fun.Be sure to buy the widescreen version. I made the mistake of buying the regular format it was awful, the quartet became a trio, actors appear to be talking to themselves. The widescreen version brings you The Music Man the way it was intended.Buy it and enjoy this American Masterpiece,What I consider the last original musical ever made.
B00000DFRS|1.0|It's not right, but it's okay... All these songs show she triesto be hip anyway.  She can't be a diva, not with that attitude.  Useyour money instead to buy some food.
B000002LOE|5.0|I've always been an REM fan, so I bought this CD out of habit.  I was pleasantly surprised.  You could actually understand most of Michael Stipe's lyrics, the sound was crisp, and the words beg you to sing along.  I defy you to name 10 singles better than &quot;Losing My Religion&quot;.
0375703764|1.0|After all the hype and all the raving reviews posted here I was expecting a wonderful, innovative and daring novel.  What I found, however, was a dull and boring exercise in what seems to be a certain &quot;culture of  cool&quot; kind of fashion products that gather almost fanatical cheering  at the beginning and then dissappear as the next big thing comes. As I  finished the novel, I though I smelled a Quentin Tarantino here. Slick  package, some clever bits, yes.  The triumph here is a triumph of  marketing, design and hype spin.  I wanted very much to like this book, but  ultimately I found that not only the characters, the plot and the ideas  here were re-heated material borrowed from other sources and guilded with a  sheen of snobbery, but  it guilty of the worst sin: BORING.  Profoundly so.    It bears it &quot;deepness&quot;, &quot;daring&quot; and  &quot;innovation&quot; like a press release for the Grammy Awards. Surely,  this is the sort of thing that passes, at least for 15 minutes, as a  masterpiece in the age of publicity and pandering, but my advice would be,  before investing in this product, at least take the time to read a couple  of chapters in your local library.  The dedication, in a flashy, shallow  display of coolness, reads &quot;This is not for you&quot;. Well, I'm  afraid it is, very much so. I bet advertising execs in Manhattan think this  looks so cool on the cofffee table. Sorry about the sarcasm. Every book  merits the respect of the effort put into it. I'm sure that once this  author outlives his status as the dear of the publicity department, he'll  move on to write something that goes beyond plastic and Details magazine  &quot;deep art&quot;.
0671042858|3.0|I thought the idea of this book was intriguing as (like another reviewer mentioned) I think King's main strength is getting inside his characters' heads and showing us their thoughts.  I thought that writing on a simpler  theme might bring out the best of his writing but somehow it never quite  comes off.  As several others have also commented, Trisha is far too  precocious for a nine year old girl.  For example, at one point, early in  the novel she remarks that her mother and brother's quarrelling is like a  'sick kind of love making'. Come on - what nine year old would make a  comparison like that!<br />I just found it hard to identify with Trisha and  her perils and somehow I don't think King could either.  I can see why  people who haven't read any other King stuff might think it was a great  book, it really isn't bad in itself but compared with earlier stuff like  Cujo or the Long Walk it is a bit of a disappointment - but not a massive  disppointment, as I don't think (apart from The Green Mile) that Steve King  has written a really good book since the late eighties.
630575067X|5.0|Lucas made a kid's film which is a chapter in a saga and he did it meticulously and very well.<br />As a kid's film, it's fantastic in every sense of the word.  It should not be compared to adult themed sci-fi films.   Nor should it be compared to the other SW episodes in that they are just  that; episodes in a larger story.  I mean, who compares chapters in  books?<br />Naysayers dissect and analyze what they didn't like as  passionately as SW fans do about what they loved.  There's not much point  in nitpicking here so I wont bother.  I would recommend that all reviews  (including this one) be read AFTER one has seen the movie for the first  time.<br />The kid in all of us will either secretly or overtly enjoy this  movie.  The video format will allow easy replay.  I am still debating over  whether to spend the extra $20 on the wide-screen version.  I don't yet  have the Phillips $15,000 plasma flat screen to take full advantage of the  &quot;letterbox&quot; version, but I really dislike &quot;pan and  scan&quot; versions, so I think I'll pop for what I think will be the  better edition (widescreen.)<br />DVD is actually the preferable format for  diehard Star Wars fanatics -- but that won't happen till 2005(after the  release of Episode III.)<br />Anyway, enjoy it for what it is in itself - a  really fun experience!
B00000JGHM|5.0|It's the best face off between two great actors, and it has the most realistic gun fight in any movie to date!  The sounds are perfect and MUST be heard in Digital 5.1 to be truly appreciated.<br />It's also a decent Val  Kilmer movie for his fans.
0141301066|5.0|Do you like exciting and mysterious books? If you do then you'll love Matilda? She is a smart 5 year old. Who's parents only hobbie is tv. Read as she pulls pranks on her mom, dad plus her school principal!    One major  cause and effect is that Matilda is very intellegent. The effect is that  she gets super powers.     Matilda is a very intellegent 5 year old. She  has a best friend Lavender, who has a parrot for a pet. Matilda uses  the  parrot in one of her pranks. Matilda has a mom who loves to play bingo and  a dad who sells defective cars to people and her brother is just like her  dad. Matilda loves to read at the begginning of this book Matilda reads the  whole libary.     I would give this book 5 stars. I would  give it this  because this book was exciting and I couldn't put it down.This author  thought the book out well.
0671646788|5.0|Words cannot give justice in describing the contents that are found in this book.  Everyone, regardless of whatever field they are in, needs to read this book.  Dr. David Schwartz points out, in layman's terms, many of  the usually unnoticed positive aspects in every individual that if left  unnoticed may cause an individual to not acheive their full potential. <br />A  must read regardless of where a person is in life!
B000006NPY|5.0|This C.D. was really cool. It's a whole different side of the Smashing Pumpkins.  Whenever this c.d. first came out, It took me a minute to become accustomed to the new sound.  The tracks on this c.d. have a laid back,  deeper, darker tone to them.  Ithink that the Pumpkins can take mostly any  type of music, and turn it into a creative piece of work.  The tracks also  have a new tone to them due to the absence of the former drummer, Jimmy  Chamberlain (who was replaced by Matt Walker, and on some tracks, a  drumming machine).  However, the bottom line is that if you liked most of  the other albums by the Smashing Pumpkins, be prepared to hear a more  refined, artistic, and darker tone to their work in this album.
B00000JWVO|3.0|There were some really talented actors in this video, but the play itself if terrible.  Aside from &quot;Memory&quot; the music is terrible and the editing is beyond all horror.  The show is plotless &amp; pointless in  general, IMHO, but there were many excellent performers who still put on a  good show even though they didn't haev much to work with.  Elaine Paige was  spectacular, as was Michael Gruber &amp; Phyllida Crowley Smith.  Other  incredible performances include Jo Gibb &amp; Drew Varley.  They were  excellent, and THEY.  WERE.  NOT.  DUBBED.  Geoffery Garrat was dubbed  because they wanted Skimbleshanks to have a Scottish accent.  Veerle  Casteleyn was also dubbed--I have heard--because she had just gotten back  from Belgium and they weren't taking chances with the English lyrics.   Though, from what I have been told, she has a great voice, too.
6305627401|5.0|From the opening song, to the end credits, this movie loses no steam.  The crude humor, which adds to the charm of the characters, and the actual plot that is satire at it's best, makes this a fantastic movie.  The way the  movie takes shots at nutty groups that are opposed to everything, to the  MPAA, this movie is fantastic.  Not to mention the great songs that are in  the movie.  Look out for &quot;Blame Canada&quot; and &quot;What Would  Brian Boitano Do&quot;, those are the best songs.  So if you are a fan of  the show, or a fan of satire, this is the movie for you.  If you are an  uptight, psycho nut that is opposed to anything that relates to any kind of  creativity or self expression, don't watch it, it will just fuel your  misguided fire.
0141301066|5.0|Do you like exciting and mysterious books? If you do then you'll love Matilda? She is a smart 5 year old. Who's parents only hobbie is tv. Read as she pulls pranks on her mom, dad plus her school princeapal!    One  major cause and effect is that Matilda is very intellegent. The effect is  that she gets super powers.     Matilda is a very intellegent 5 year old.  She has a best friend Lavender, who has a parrot for a pet.Matilda uses   the parrot in one of her pranks.Matlida has a mom who loves to play bingo  and a dad who sells defective cars to people and her brother is just like  her dad.matilda loves to read at the begging of this book Matilda reads the  whole libary.     I would give this boook 5 stars. I would  give it this  because this book was exiting and i couldn't put it down.This author  thought the book out well.
B00003CWPR|5.0|This film affords many interpretations, which is exactly what the man wanted. If you want proof that Kubrick was a brilliant man and knew what he was doing, read any quote of his in any book about him.  He makes films for  people who are not programmed to judge movies based on Hollywood formulas.  This is Kubrick's most artistic and lyrically crafted film. It is just  beautiful to watch regardless of anything else. There is plenty to think  about too, especially for psychology fans. Schnitzler was after all a  cohort of Freud.  Notice how every sexual encounter Bill has in the movie  mixes the specters of eros and thanatos, what Freud calls the life instinct  and the death instinct.  Look for signs of death mixed with the erotic  aspects. There's plenty. Look how there is a Christmas tree in every scene  except the orgy, and in one scene, Bill turns off the Christmas lights.  What is the significance? Janet Maslin from the New York Times called  Kubrick's movies &quot;irresistible intellectual catnip&quot;, and she's  right, there is much to mull over in this exquisite film.<br />As for the  aspect ratio, RELAX everyone. Read the note Amazon.com has. Kubrick wanted  it this way. You're not missing any picture, you're actually seeing more  than you saw in the theater. In the theater the top and bottom were cut  off, now they have been restored. Take two pieces of paper and mat the top  and bottom of Eyes Wide Shut. Voila, instant widescreen. It works with The  Shining and Full Metal Jacket too. Kubrick composed his shots for theater  and television viewing. As usual, he is about eight steps ahead of the  average moviegoer.
B00000JCB3|5.0|I think Limp Bizkit Signifacint other is an awesome cd because the guys are awesome and there music is so great I just love this cd!  Definatily 5 starts p.s. Keep it up guys!
B000002JS6|5.0|Back in Black is by far AC/DC's best record and one of the best ever, up there with Appetite from GNR, some Zeppelin albums, etc. <br />It is heavy blues at its best, with a little evil thrown in, and some good and dirty  partying. Everyone knows this CD, and if it happens to be in my truck when  driving around, its like &quot;hey can I borrow that?&quot;. The answer of  course is always NO!   <br />This album really sets a mood when you listen to  it. You wanna drink whiskey, get some loose women, and just be a  bad-a**.<br />If you like rock n roll and don't have this record, your record  collection is worthless.
0141301066|5.0|Do you like exciting and mysterious books? If you do then you'll love Matilda? She is a smart 5 year old. Who's parents only hobbie is tv. Read as she pulls pranks on her mom, dad plus her school principal!    One major  cause and effect is that Matilda is very intellegent. The effect is that  she gets super powers.     Matilda is a very intellegent 5 year old. She  has a best friend Lavender, who has a parrot for a pet. Matilda uses  the  parrot in one of her pranks. Matilda has a mom who loves to play bingo and  a dad who sells defective cars to people and her brother is just like her  dad. Matilda loves to read at the begginning of this book Matilda reads the  whole libary.     I would give this book 5 stars. I would  give it this  because this book was exciting and I couldn't put it down.This author  thought the book out well.
B000000WJZ|5.0|&quot;Siamese Dream&quot; is a very good album.   The peak moments of this CD are &quot;Cherub Rock&quot;, &quot;Today&quot;, &quot;Rocket&quot;, and &quot;Disarm&quot;.
0553577123|5.0|The Definitive edition presents a more broader picture of what happened to Anne &amp; family during the hiding. Most of the things presented in the definitive edition are cut in other versions of the diary. Its imperative  that at her age anne was more mentally mature than most others. The  struggle against her own inner self and revolting character are clearly  reflected in her writings. The book also has some good pictures of the  people who survived the holocaust for a couple more years.
B00003003R|3.0|I gave this 3 stars because the title is misleading. I love Guns and saw them several times in concert. The title of this should be &quot;A concert from 1992&quot;. I'm sure a lot of you have the MTV Ritz concert from 1987  on video tape, as an example - they should release a CD of concerts from  that time period. I guess I was hoping for tracks recorded in 1987 or so,  but none here are. That horn section in 'Move to the City' loses a whole  star all by itself. <br />But hey its Guns - it rocks. Just going to the  record store to buy a new record by the (mainly) original GUNS N ROSES was  pretty f'ing cool.
0441172717|5.0|This book is the most original and well constructed book I have ever read.  I have also noticed that many well known science fiction movies borrow from  elments of Dune, such as the almighty Zarlack in &quot;Return of the  Jedi&quot; cannot possibly be misconstrued as anything other than a giant  sandoworms of Arrakis. This is obviously a winning formula. In seceral  editions of Dune, a feviewer refers to it as being &quot;a story that will  live in the imagination of all those that read it&quot; This could not be  more true.  This story is a wonderful construction and I for one believe it  to be one of the greatest science fiction novels on this century.
B000000WA4|5.0|&quot;Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness&quot; is a great cd.  The best songs are:  &quot;Tonight, Tonight&quot;, &quot;Zero&quot;, &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&quot;, &quot;Muzzle&quot;,  &quot;Thirty-Three&quot;, and &quot;1979&quot;.
0553296981|5.0|When I first read this book, I felt like crying in the end. Whenever I read the book now, the entire scence comes in front of my eyes. This book  prompted me to see the movie on Anne too! This book doesn't necessarily say  that Anne was the only girl who suffered oppression under the Nazi rule. It  gives a clear picture of what transpired in the Netherlands when the  Germans tried to wipe out the jews and their supporters from the face of  this earth. A must read for someone who is interested in WW and its  aftermath.
1573227978|5.0|I read, 'The Beach' in 4 days (4 days! ) and thought nothing other than Fantastic. Its a fast-paced, thrilling adventure, that keeps you reading untill the very last line. The characters, sub-plots, and beach events are  all written and described very well indeed and the meetings between Richard  and 'Daffy' are amazing, with their love for Vietnam films providing the  mind-blowing climax. Alex Garland keeps his chapters short and his dialogue  at rapid-fire pace, providing some memorable encounters between various  characters, making you laugh, wonder and admire, even hate various people.  The Beach is more than an adventure novel, its a book that crawls to the  depths of paradise, sometimes kicking you in the stomach leaving you in  suspence, other times leaving you inspired, but always demanding 'just one  more page', before you finally put it down, and can't stop thinking... 'i  wonder what happens next if...' Overall its a brilliant book, each reader  will decide on a favourite character and line spoken (its that good) and  you will certainly want to read it again. &quot;Paradise, and lots of  it&quot;
0553278355|5.0|I read this book after hearing it mentioned in a movie and not having any idea what it was about.  It was extremly interesting and made you question how close you could be to going &quot;over the deep end&quot;.  It was def.  worth reading.
068815333X|5.0|Always in search of a good book I gave Prayers for Rain a chance. Wise  decision. I had to go back and read the first four. Lehane can be funny,  Lehane can be serious, but best of all, Lehane can be deep. He asks  questions that don't have simple answers, My only question now is: When's  the next one going to be released?
088103052X|5.0|We had to read this at school and I thought it was going to be dumb.  It turned out to be a great novel that was very realistic!Read it!
B00000K3D4|5.0|The Labyrinth is one of my all time favorite movies. It brings back many fond childhood memories. I used to watch it all the time on video when I was younger, but then one day the video dissapeared or something, because  the movie was no longer to be seen. Then years later a friend of mine  recorded it off the television and I again got to see this wonderfull  movie. When it came out on DVD I knew I had to buy it, and so I did. <br />The  movie is a wonderful tale of fantasy and adventure. David Bowie does a  wonderful job of portraying the goblin king. The movie is filler with  fantastic music from David Bowie and a rich score composed by Trevor Jones.  The movie does not have so many extras except some trailers, bios and a  making-of. But the DVD edition of the movie is very good. I'm sure this  movie will charm you. If you haven't seen it yet, and like these sorts of  movies, this is one of the best.
6305537798|5.0|This is one of the 3 movies that I own.  I NEVER buy movies, but this one was def. worth it.  A great example that females do NOT have to submissive and feeble and that standing up for your self is a positive thing.  Oh, and  the soundtrack rocks, too.
6300271285|5.0|Ilove it! I love it! The music is what makes this movie &quot;suddenly seymor&quot; is my favorite tune! Steve Martin is soo funny in this movie as the &quot;dentist of pain&quot;. This movie is great for the whole  family. My daughter is 3yrs old and she loves it she knows the dialogue and  songs by heart! A must have for your personal video library!
B00004IC9G|4.0|The first time I heard this album was in the summer of 1984. A friend had just gotten &quot;Hail To England&quot; and I bought this one. I was blown away, especially by the song &quot;Battle Hymn&quot;. It has a lot of power  and is very majestic in scope. I would highly recommend this (and all other  Manowar albums) to metal fans everywhere.
B00003CXAT|4.0|A lot of the reviewers of this movie seem to be missing the mark and comparing the movie to the book too much. Obviously when a movie maker adapts from a book he knows full well that it is going to end up somewhat  different. That's no surprise. The movie does have great action and CGI and  all that but I liked some of the quiet moments in it, like the brontosaurus  eating leaves off the eucalyptus. I also liked the part when they went on  the tour and didn't see anything. It actually built up the tension. But the  movie still gets passed off as a mindless monster movie. That's what I was  afraid it would be before I saw it. I was pleasantly surprised when I found  out it wasn't. And a little let down when The Lost World was. Everybody  also seems to be completely missing the point that Jurassic Park is  basically a retelling of Frankenstein (another book not faithfully adapted  into movie form): presumptuous man brings back dead life, thinks there  won't be any problem even though others can see there will be,  monster/dinosaurs go on rampage, presumptuous man becomes sorrowful man.  Frankenstein, which can be seen by the shallow-minded as a mere mindless  horror story of a monster killing people, actually has some interesting,  contemplative moments that show the beauty of life while simultaneously  showing the ugly things that happen when mortal man presumes to take God's  place. And these are scenes that build tension. What could be more tense  than the Frankenstein monster looking at the little girl throwing flower  petals into the pond? On the surface it is a touching scene, but we all  know what happens. Frankenstein has stood the test of time and so will  Jurassic Park.
B00004R99I|4.0|With beautiful animation, rich colors and much attention to detail (ranging from the backgrounds to the people--even the crew of John Smith's  ship have authentic Irish, Scotch, and British accents), and a fantastic  sound track, &quot;Pocahontas&quot; is certainly worthy of being included  in your family's home video collection.  There is much less violence than  you find in some recent Disney animated films, bloodshed is not blatant and  gory, and the people are just so darned attractive!  My three-year-old son  describes Pocahontas as &quot;prettier than a Barbie&quot;, and she is,  indeed.  This work of historical fiction may stray a bit from the actual  facts, but is, overall, a worthy rendition of the tale of the famous Indian  &quot;princess&quot;.
6303443214|5.0|YOU WANNA SEE A SPECTACULAR ARRAY OF EXCITMENT AND THRILL?   THE ANSWER'S SIMPLE:  ANNE RICE: INTERVIEW WITH THE VAMPIRE.  THIS MOVIE IS DEFINITLY ON THE TOP TEN LIST OF AMAZING MOVIES.  IT IS INVOKED WITH A PLETHORA UP TO  THE END OF YOUR SEAT, EYE CATCHING EXCITMENT!   THINK I'M OVER DOING IT?   YOU GOTTA CATCH THIS MOVIE.  FROM DEAD GIRL GROWING CURLS TO EATING RATS,  THIS ONE WILL CATCH YOUR FULL ATTENTION.  DON'T MISS IT.  IF ANYONE ASK,  SAY ANONYMOUS TOLD YOU ABOUT IT.
0783241569|5.0|I am quite a fan of romantic comedy - especially when it`s Julia Roberts, taking the leading part. But this time she surpassed herself.( I hope, that`s the right word. If not, I apologize! ) I had to watch this film over  and over again. And though I know (of course) that it is only fiction, I  must admit, that sometimes, only sometimes, I imagine how it would be...  Enjoy yourselves, when watching this great film!
0380002930|5.0|Libby Springmeyer W131<br /> The novel Watership Down is an excellent tale about a group of rabbits' adventures in finding a new homeland for themselves.  It sets examples of courage, strength, trust, and hope.  Originally, the rabbits already had place of their own in which they lived.  One of them had a bad feeling that something terrible was going to happen  if they stayed.  He was able to convince only a few others that they had to  leave the warren soon to find a safer place to live. Going against the  others, against all odds, they set forth on their journey. Once they left  their homeland, they ran into numerous obstacles that stood in their way.   The rabbits were confronted with many dangerous events such as; crossing  rivers, roads, escaping from predators, and venturing through deep woods,  all in hopes to find a safe new place to live.  At one point in their  adventures, they were welcomed into a warren already occupied by other  rabbits, but had decided to continue on to find a warren of there own.   Eventually, the rabbits found a place they had been dreaming of.  A  wonderful place called Watership Down, found at the very top of a large  hill.  The rabbits loved it there; they were able to look out over the  entire valley.  Although they had found their paradise, something seemed to  be missing.  They were lacking doe rabbits in which they would need to  reproduce, and keep their clan alive.  Once again, they set forth on yet  another journey to gather some does to bring back to their warren. The  rabbits were able to locate some does in a hutch at a nearby farm, but were  unsuccessful in the attempt to free them.  In fact, Hazel, the main  character, was nearly killed in doing so.  They had to look for does  somewhere else.  It wasn't long before they stumbled upon a warren; they  would soon come to learn it was a very bad place.  The ruler of the warren  was the evil General Woundworth.  This would be the most difficult  challenge the rabbits had toencounter in all their adventures.  A plan was  made to gather some of the does from the warren. Bigwig, the leader,  falsely joined into General Woundworth's clan in hope of persuading some of  them to run away with him.  After a well drawn out plan, and the extremely  difficult defeat of the General and his captions, they were at last able to  help some of the rabbits in the warren escape to find their freedom.   The  most interesting thing about this story is the way the rabbits look at  death.  They believe in the Black Rabbit of Inle, which is \\"fear and  everlasting darkness.\\" The black rabbit will come and get you when it is  your time to go with him, when it is your time to die.  It is said that \\"he  will come in the night and call a rabbit by name.\\" When one goes with him,  they will have no more pain, be rid of all their weaknesses, they will be  free.  This black rabbit is thought to be working with the Lord Frith,  which is their lord.  They work together to bring about what was meant to  be.  Both the Black Rabbit and their Lord Frith were spoken of continuously  in the story, which shows concern for death, and their belief in the  heavens.  At the end of the story the black rabbit sets an example of what  happens to a rabbit when he come to take Hazel with him.  He is finally set  free.
6302752337|1.0|From the bizarre editing to the lame dialogue, from the horrible sound track (before my time!) to the glorification of drug use--of which I definitely do not approve--I can easily say that &quot;Easy Rider&quot; is  among the five WORST films I have ever seen in my life!  The American  Film Institute includes this bomb in its list of 100 greatest American  films, so I thought I'd check it out.  This film is so bad that I can't  even think of four other films to insult by including them in the same  list.  Sad to say, but by the end of the film, I was actually rooting for  the rednecks--and wasn't disappointed!
0440224764|5.0|We would all like to get away somtimes, but leaving is the problem. Not having enough money to live a good life, forgetting all of your friends and family, leaving your job, just picking up and going . Patrick does what  every person wishes they could do, steal a furtune and almost getaway with  it. I would highly recommend this book to anyone who has the idea of going  away and pray that you past never finds you. It really would change your  mind on what you would do.
0843175109|5.0|Mr. Tall is sad because his legs are too long.  He meets his friends Mr. Small, Mr. Tickle, Mr. Nosey, Mr. Greedy who all have problems that they  have turned into benefits.  All of his friends show Mr. Tall that he  doesn't have to be sad because he has long legs.<br />This book contains 30  pages of brightly colored pictures that will catch the eye of any  youngster.  It also teaches them a good lesson that you should be happy  with how you look.<br />My son really liked this book.  He said that Mr. Tall  was funny because his legs were so long.
B000002U8G|5.0|I have to say this: Nothing surpasses Echoes. In my mind it is the greatest song ever composed. Buy Meddle just for Echoes. You won't regret it. 18 minutes, 14 seconds.
B000002B35|5.0|I love this collection.  I bought Pulse right after I saw Floyd in concert, and every time I listen to it I am taken back to the show with remarkable clarity.  Although The Wall will always be my favorite Floyd  album, Pulse comes in a close second for pure enjoyment.  Its also great  driving music.
B000003TAW|5.0|Why the music culture didn't catch on to the Weezer &quot;groove&quot; is beyond me.  A few singles released, and then no one really hears from them again.  What these guys did on this album is truly a great piece of work.   It's one of those albums that makes you wish you played guitar.  I consider  it to be one of the jewels of my collection.  So much so in fact, I had to  buy it twice when it got stolen.  If you dug the new rock scene of the 90's  at all, this album is a MUST have.
6305499365|5.0|This is a hilarious spoof of work in corporate hell!  Anyone that has worked in an office environment in their lifetime will instantly relate to the frustration of the lead characters.  An excellent performance by a  mostly unknown cast.  This movie had me (and others) in stitches  throughout!  A comedy classic for the 90's, this is at the top of my  all-time funniest movies list!  Don't even think twice, buy it, you will  want to watch this one over and over again!
B000000H5K|5.0|Developing on the tribal element which began with Chaos AD (another great one!) Sepultura take serious metal and introduce a hint of tribal drums to create an atmosphere which makes them even more distinctive. Max Cavalera  is an outstanding vocalist and you can feel the passion behind his roaring  vocals. `Roots Bloody Roots' is a monster of an opening track oozing power  and aggression that make Sepultura who they are. `Ratamahatta' is quite a  different track from the rest of the album, playing more heavily on the  brazilian tribal style with some great drumming. I'm very keen on the  tribal aspect that Sepultura have developed into, this is a fusion i'm much  more enthusiatic about than the hip-hop/rap metal of today.  As a keen fan  of heavy metal I feel rap takes the edge away from serious rock, whereas   the tribal drums purely add to the effect and don't tame Sepultura one bit.  If you like it heavy and you like it distinctive make sure you give  Sepultura a look in.<br />(Pity the use of vocalists Jonothan Davies(Korn) and  Mike Patton(Faith No More, Mr Bungle) couldn't have been put to use in a  better track.)
0880381736|5.0|Ok, just to clear things up, I have only read the DL Chronicles, Dragons of autom twighlight, winter night, ect. This was an unbelievable book, the plot was great and though a bit confusing at first if you never read  another DL book in your life, you caught on quick.   I read all 3 of in 4  days and was devistated to find i had only 50 more pages to go until it was  over.All in all I think this is a good start to the greatest piece of  literature I ever read.
B000002KIE|1.0|This is pop music that yer mom would like if it weren't for the explatives. Punk rock is for those  whose attention span is too short for a King Crimson album. May I suggest listening to Captain Beefheart &amp; His  Magic Band, who John Lydon worshipped when he was a lad? They are noisy, so  Mommy will leave the room, and are talented enough that you wouln't feel  stupid for listening to them when you're out of middle school. Trout Mask  Replica is a great place to start.
1572522232|2.0|I was fooled by the hype into believing that this was a film every true horror fan should own...don't believe it.  This film is more likely to be enjoyed by &quot;art house&quot; cinema enthusiasts than your general  Horror audience.  The movie is shot with unusual colours which are supposed  to add to the movies eeriness, but in my opinion, take away any sense of  realism.  The plot is reasonable but not enough is made of it; rather than  having a climatic ending which the film appears be slowly drifting towards  you are left somewhat dissapointed by a cheap effect.  <br />I would only  reccommend this film to those who are interested in artistic visuals or  Argento fans.  Otherwise I doubt if you'll appreciate it.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|Yes i loved it. But i sure dont approve of the way she dressed at the awards show.So im leaning on a 3 star rating for the cd. Thanks,Jack Ellis
B00000G3PA|5.0|Okay! so it's cheesy, soppy and over the top...wheres the problem. If film is a form of escapism then Armageddon is the ultimate Jail break.  So what if its not realistic, who cares?  It's fast paced, funny, has great  effects, good characters, brilliant casting and a fun script.  If you want  more depth than that then watch Apollo 13, otherwise just lie back and  enjoy the ride.
B00003CWL5|4.0|American Beauty was a good movie, if you're thinking that it's supposed to be a sick movie. I mean, people say that it was terrible because everyone in the movie was messed up, but, the movie was supposed to be like that. I  liked it except for the fact that a 40 year-old wanted a 16 year-old girl.  That was a little awkward. So, was him masturbating in two scenes of the  movie. All and all, the movie was good and I think it deserved Best  Picture........kinda.
B00001OH7P|4.0|I would like to start by saying that despite Bowie believing this was a concept album, it wasn't.  Most concept albums tell stories... for this one, you had to read up on it to get the story.  However, &quot;5  Years&quot; is a beautiful, end-of-the-world song.  All of the tracks are  stupendous!  I'm sure EMI has done a great job remastering it (I have an  old vinyl copy).  No, this is no concept album, but it is a beautiful  masterpeice. No musician could have the mental capacitiy to make something  this great!
B000002LQR|5.0|This one's a classic.  All of their best songs.  And the lesser known songs all have the same quality as the hits.  One of the best albums I own.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the movie that any owner of a dvd system must have. It is alos a good dvd to take shoping for that new home theator!
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is one of the best novels of the twentieth century, and an  absolute must-read for anybody. No one should live out their miserable  little lives without being able to say, &quot;I've read Catch-22.&quot;  This is a true literary masterpiece, a classic through and through, a book  so superior I should be ashamed to even try critiquing it. Joseph Heller  shows himself a true master of the English language in this spellbinding  satire, his look at the nonsense surrounding the logic of the American  military system. Catch-22 is brought to life by a remarkably diverse cast  of characters, all of them interwoven into a plot that unfolds and comes  together with relentless perfection. Heller lets us see not only through  the eyes of his main character, the paranoid bombardier Yossarian, but  gives us a glimpse inside dozens of other vivid personalities, plunging us  into their thoughts and dreams and hopes and fears and desires. Their  stories, told with such a sarcastic and surreal edge, go far beyond the  bounds of outrageousness, yet the unarguable truth they represent holds the  potency of a maxim. Catch-22 is guaranteed to grip you, entertain you, and  astound you. Its story is certainly complex, but so profound as to leave  you recalling each and every detail as an individual climax. This book  never slows down, never settles into boring normality, and is never to be  forgotten by me, nor by a lot of other people -- I'm sure -- who have had  the gift of opportunity to be exposed to such magnificent literature.
B000021Y77|5.0|I watched this movie in German with English Subtitles on Direct Ticket 3 times. I then bought the DVD and have watched it 6 more times. It is excellent the way they show you how one little thing can change your  future. Every time I have watched this film (English dub over on DVD helps)  I have picked up things I missed before. Some details are so subtle you  just don't see them. Watching the dub-over allows you to take in so much  more. I do not like a-lot of movies, Groundhogs Day being one of them. When  I watched this movie the first time, I thought Great, Groundhogs Day  revisited. But when a little art and thought goes into it, instead of  humor, it makes for a great film. I could go on forever about this movie,  but the music is an added bonus to this great feature! PS: When you get to  the still photographs of a persons Future, Pause the DVD and watch it frame  by frame. It is a completely different Underlying Story!
0060900075|5.0|Although this book is kind of... well, slow... it is relatively short and VERY INFORMATIVE.  It gave me a whole new perspective on drugs from a scientific, philosophical, spiritual, and beautiful point of view.  A must  read for artists and writers.
1563890119|4.0|Saying this isn't the best SANDMAN volume isn't saying much, since the entire set is overall excellent, and it would be depressing if the series hadn't improved on its beginning. Anyway, this is where you need to start  -- it sets up the whole Dream mythos and establishes his character as he  accumulates all his lost tools. The journey takes him from a house whose  inner walls are made of a body turned inside out, to Hell itself, to the  scene of a diner massacre, and even to the home of the Martian Manhunter.  <br />The art is a bit iffy. Sam Kieth wasn't the best match for SANDMAN and  he admitted as much when he left. But once Mike Dringenberg and Malcolm  Jones III come on board, the art gets noticeably better and, well, more  SANDMAN-esque. Look at the difference between Dr. Dee in  &quot;Passengers,&quot; where he looks like a pathetic little psycho, and  the same character in &quot;24 Hours&quot; and &quot;Sound and Fury,&quot;  where he is a truly frightening presence (especially on p. 175, panel 4,  &quot;Because I can&quot;). Not to mention the first appearance of Death at  the end of the book (though this may have been removed depending on which  edition you find -- it was never meant to be included at the tail end of  this volume; in any event, it continues to be available in the second  volume). <br />I'd also praise Neil Gaiman but what is there to say that  hasn't already been said a million times?
0060977493|5.0|I just purchased THE GOD OF SMALL THINGS and was fascinated by the prose that reads like poetry.  A must for poetry and prose lovers, alike.  Remarkably descriptive and originally told.  This story of two twins and  their family in India is a shockingly vibrant rainbow of emotions.  The  various hues of color will shade your mind for a long time after the book  is read.
0783240503|5.0|This is a truly wonderful and joyful production of &quot;Joseph&quot;! I've seen the musical play seven times (twice with Donny Osmond as Joseph) and it remains as one of my favorite musicals. I've also listened to the  Canadian cast cd so many times that I know all the words by heart. In my  opinion, there is only one Joseph and his name is Donny Osmond. He was  fantastic onstage and even more so in this video version! His rendition of  &quot;Close Every Door&quot; is breathtaking. The sets are wonderful! It's  great that it's been expanded beyond the stage version. The costumes are  out of this world. The music, of course, is divine and all the performances  are first rate! Some things were done differently in the video version but  that can be expected because it's a totally different medium. The only  thing I missed was the Joseph megamix which was performed for the stage  show at the very end. But all in all, it's a wonderful musical and ranks  right up there with the best of them!
B000002R48|1.0|I bought this used at a record shop because it was in the Heavy Metal bin &amp; I liked the cover, sort of. But it's just bad &quot;look how fast we can play&quot; 80s rock. Some of it is &quot;we're boring dino-farts&quot;  Genesis [blech! ]style pomp-rock. If you are into REAL Metal like Rage  Against The Machine, Korn &amp; Marilyn Manson, skip this 80s trash. If  you're into bad hair+scales=bad rock from the 80s, by all means, lap it up!
0871137380|5.0|This book presented an incredible way to look at modern war. A story of soldiers in a forgotten war was one of the best books i have ever read. It was a beutiful tribute to those soldiers who fought and gave their lives in  a battle no one remembers including myself before i read this book. It was  a detailed account of battle which read like fiction you'll never put it  down.
0767805712|4.0|This really is a wonderful film. It is very thought provoking and heart wrenching. I loved it. Some of the scenes in this movie are incredibly dramatic and leave you in a state of awe. This movie gives a very deep and  dark vision as to how humans will live in the future and is actually very  believable. Interesting characters that you care for acted fantastically  (especially by the wonderful Jude Law) make the movie even better. I  reccomend this to anyone who enjoy a deep, intensly emotional drama.
0767814622|1.0| hate this film.and  hate all players in this film.this film is full loaded wrong things and lies.Im from Turkey so my country is pretty beatiful and cool!so my country had fallen anarchy in 1978.and Turkey is  bad position in this year and after two years.Billy Hayes get a  chance! ,cant wait his biography into a film with oliver stone when Turkey  is in bad position.!  but billy hayes and his friend are mistake.very  dissappointing and very stupid film.and no turkish player in this film(all  players have very funny turkish!).players like persian or afghan! huh.nice  try Billy but your film is very funny and bad.Turkey is freedom country so  not even one cant run down my country.
B00000J7JO|4.0|Although I was initially disappointed with this album, my feelings have changed significantly over time.  One idea that sparked this change in me is the recognition that the Chili Peppers are still growing and evolving.   Okay, that may not sound like a very deep thought, but let me explain:  in  the early days, it wasn't clear whether the Chilis were a force for good or  for evil.  Later, the preponderance of the music suggested not only were  they good, but they were really good.  Through the drugs, death, member  changes and touring, they were a primal force with unstoppable energy,  breaking rules and effortlessly creative.  In Californication, however, we  see the Chili Peppers finally come down to earth.  <br />Some of the themes of  the new album are problematic.  Five years ago, I wouldn't have believed  Anthony would create songs around marriage, renouncing drugs, and finding  God.  I also would not have thought that the punk/funk Chilis would do slow  songs or mid-tempo ballads either.  In fact, this last point was  particularly vexing.  Starting with the excellent 'Soul to Squeeze,' the  Chilis got into a groove where Anthony starting singing (vs. rapping), and  the music became more melodic.  Unfortunately, the two styles are like oil  and water, as can be heard on the opening track, 'All Around the World'.   Anthony raps the verses and then sings the chorus.  It just doesn't work,  at least to my way of thinking.  While the energy of the song is good-you'd  want a sonic assault to open up the album-the concept of the song is fairly  weak (all around the world life is beautiful).  Additionally, the rhymes  feel more like an exercise (my Johnson in the woods of Wisconsin) than true  lyrical flow.  Even the nonsense syllables in the last chorus seem  pointless, as though Anthony ran out of ideas (unlike, say, the nonsense  syllables 'ek bara me lie&quot; in the chorus of 'One Big Mob' on One Hot  Minute that seem fresh and vaguely Arabic).  Once I learnedto skip this  song I was on my way to appreciating the album.    <br />Other problems crop  up in the sense that the band's lifestyle may be leading them away from  their audience.  In Emmit Remmus, the first couple lines of the chorus are  indicative of this direction:  &quot;London in the summertime /  Call  me now and use the satellite...&quot;  I don't think too many Chili listeners  have been to London in the summertime, or any other time, and have reliable  satellite access.  But now I finally get to the things about the album I  like.  Listen to that chorus in your head, forget about the words, and pay  attention to the tone.  There is a curious urgency in Anthony's voice; he's  singing about something he cares deeply for, and this honesty has always  been the hallmark of true artistic expression.  To generalize from that  chorus, the overall mood of the album is tense, almost anxious, markedly  different from their previous efforts.  The focus of the music is also  changing, as can be heard in 'Get On Top'.  It's no longer the band running  from police helicopters or macking stone cold bush; Anthony declares  himself the leader but sets things up to let you  get on top. And, also,  although I point out a few lines I don't like, there are many more that  absolutely shine, such as &quot;a cemetery where I marry the sea&quot; in  Parallel Universe, to name but one.  <br />All in all, the change in the  Chilis reflects the fact that they are still growing, and still subject to  growing pains.  This is nothing short of remarkable considering how long  they've been together, and the ups and downs they've weathered.  The Red  Hot Chili Peppers survive with their integrity intact and are maturing,  much as we may hate to see that happen.  But as Anthony says, your heroes  are destined to waver.  Anyone can.
B00002MZ2C|2.0|I was very disappointed by this album.  Rage's first album was the perfect musical combination of bone-crushing beats, agro vocals, thumpin' base lines and solid guitar licks.  Although Morello's guitar in the Empire  album was more innovative and added &quot;special effects,&quot; the  overall feel of the album was true to its predecessor.  In the Battle  Album, however, Morello seems to think that the only thing he can do with  his guitar is make annoying screeching sounds.  The special effects don't  leave any room for music.  All in all, the album is a tiring hour of Zach's  screaming and Morello's screeching.  Where did the music go?
B00002SSKI|5.0|Now and Then, a wonderful movie, stars many famous actresses when they were younger.  It is an excellent movie for almost all girls!  It shows many of the problems of teenage girls.
B00000J631|5.0|k this cd is awesome, it has every band a punk rocker would like, except a few, and some they wouldn't like (lunachicks what the hell were they thinking when they put THAT on the cd? ) and i do recommend this cd for you  to buy.  i dont care what that idiot says about jay-z or dmx(what is your  problem? i mean....rappers? damn all it takes is to say yo a lot and speak  fast..i could that! ) anyway the offspring song, and the blink 182 song  are awesome and so are most of the others, and its just a cool cd to have
B00003CWL5|5.0|What first seems a classic story of American dysfunction develops into a celebration of beauty in all things.  Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening are the stereotypical representation of American suburbia, and on the outside,  they appear perfect.  The false perfection that masks the deadness in their  lives is symbolized by the rose motif.  Roses, although beautiful, have  thorns, they wilt, and they can be eaten by bugs.  But they appear perfect.   The Burnam family revolves around possessions and status, until Lester  Burnam (Spacey) decides that he will no longer walk through his life a  spectator.  What follows is a human spirit bursting through, an independent  thinker making himself known, and the rotten core of the family is exposed.   In sync with this main plot, a subplot develops.  A teenager named Ricky  Fitts moves next door.  Carrying a camera, he films random objects in every  day life, and all the while, speaks to his new friend Jane Burnam about the  beauty in the world.  &quot;Sometimes, there is so much beauty that I don't  think I can take it.&quot;  In this sentence, the theme of the movie is  revealed.  There is beauty in all things.  If we would just stop and look  at the beauty of a leaf, a sunray, a blade of grass, a door...Lester Burnam  discovered this beauty and realized that there was nothing in his life that  he needed to hate or complain about because there is so much beauty  surrounding him that he should be bored or dissatisfied with his life.   This movie is a masterpiece, the rose motif, the sharp screenplay, the  vivid imagery, the excellent characterizations--all of these things  contribute to its oscar for best picture.  Although the some of the graphic  content may turn away some of the shallower viewers, the deeper meaning  will appeal to your intellect and this is a movie to be enjoyed by  everyone.  It is one of the best movies that I have every seen.
0684872153|5.0|Frank McCourt's novel, Angela's Ashes, portrays a dismal childhood in  Ireland.  During his childhood, he describes his father as being unemployed  and intoxicated the majority of the time.  Throughout Frank's childhood,  and adolescence, he reflects on the poor living conditions, the lack of  basic needs: clothing, food, shelter, and health care. As an elementary  school teachers, we are often faced with children that have a home life  much like the one Frank McCourt described.  It's very painful to see a  child that hasn't had breakfast or isn't clothed properly. We were bothered  by the cruel ways the teachers treated these children in Ireland.  One  would think that their hearts would go out to them instead of continuously  punishing them.  We thought that Mr. McCourt's style of writing enhanced  the ideas he was trying to express, and made the story much more  realistic...almost too realistic!! We were extremely sad and troubled  through most of the book because of the hardships this one family faced,  but we were very excited to discover that he was able to come to America to  start a new life. This story made us feel fortunate for all that we have  been given, whether it be material things or just the opportunity to  succeed.
0792837622|5.0|Sure it isn't politically correct, with Caucasions Natalie Wood and George Chakaris in leading roles and Latina Rita Moreno in a vivid, yet supporting role.  Yeah, and the stereotypes abound.  But, so what?  The music is  superb, the cinematography outstanding, the dances magnificent, and the  direction flawless.  As a lad of eight when I first saw it, I was  mesmerized by everything on the screen.  Even after all these years, the  movie still holds a special place in my heart as one of the best, if not  the best, movie musicals.  New York has never looked or sounded better!  This is a &quot;rumble&quot; of the highest magnitude!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I gotta say that this one is even better than the first album. If you like &quot;Truly Madly Deepy&quot; or &quot;To the moon and back,&quot; you'll definitely enjoy &quot;I knew I love you&quot; and &quot;Crash and  Burn.&quot; (Along with all other tracks!) Just listen to them yourself!  You won't regret it!
6305095574|5.0|This is truly one of the great low budget slash movies of our time.  The best thing about this moive is that you will never get tired of it.  The first time you see it you will jump out of you seat and wonder what is  going to happen next.  And once you see it over and over again it just  becomes a very fun movie to watch which makes it such a good buy.  Yes  getting the collectors edition dose make a big differnece get the widscreen  for the best effect.
6304539258|4.0|This movie is somewhat overrated (as is any that claims to be &quot;the best ever&quot;), but still excellent.  The characters are memorable and fully realized, and some of the imagery is unforgetable.  The downside is  that the plot is quite unoriginal, basically just restating all the old  hero myths and putting them in outer space.  Highly enjoyable, though.
B000002HAJ|5.0|This is and will always remain one of the top albums of all time.  no other album can reach so deep into your soul and beat with your heart through numerous moods as you languish in its verve and ambiance.   &quot;apart&quot; and &quot;trust&quot; are two of the best songs ever  compiled, with maybe &quot;one&quot; by u2 or &quot;nightswimming&quot; by  REM being right up with them.!
B0000074EF|5.0|Had and played this album for 20+ years. &quot;boogie on&quot;, &quot;crossroads&quot;, and &quot;rock your mama&quot; will get your blood flowing.  Great Alvin Lee guitar.  Good to see it on CD.
6305603847|5.0|The Wall is a successful and pertinent commentary on the alienation and anxiety which characterize life. Seemingly unrelated themes and traditionally independent media are artistically entwined, thus creating a  work worthy of everyone's contemplation, a work whose angst we can all  relate to, if we are willing to face it.
0440219078|4.0|For those who have ever felt like the world was missing akeyelement; for those who have felt special, The Giver is a book abouta young boy named Jonas who recieves the truth.  The society in The Giver shelters its citizens.  This book shows, through Jonas' relationship with the Giver, how humanity is meant to live.  Rules and government that restrict feeling, whether they be positive or negetive, is harmfull to us.
B00000K2SC|4.0|I was realy excited about the Matrix and for the most part it lived up to my expectations.  It has an interesting plot, great special effects, and some incredible action sequences.  But despite all these, it isn't  &quot;perfect&quot; as many people have claimed and also isn't better than  the latest Star Wars film(in fact it has many similiar problems).<br />The  actors are a mixed bag.  Laurence Fishburne does an excellent job as  Morpheus and helps set the tone for the entire film.  Keuno Reeves does a  decent job as do villians of the film.  The real problem is Trinity who is  a very one-dimensional character.  She is ment to be a strong female lead  but ends up just being boring.<br />Another problem is that the fight  sequences are way over done.  I LOVE martial arts films but the fights look  so cheesy that they are funny at times.  I know they wanted to make them  look realistic but sometimes more is less(Jackie Chan looks subtle in  coparison).<br />The story is very interesting but it has a one small problem  to it.  Without ruin anything for you despite everything the characters do  in the film it seems like they are doomed from the start.<br />Even with these  problems however the Matrix turns out to be one of the best Sci Fi films  available and should not be missed.
B00000255X|5.0|This album is a gem.  Not only do you get Dylan's classic contribution to the folk genre coupled with incredible musicians who create a rich, unique blend of music, but it is all put to Dylan's pointed, poetic commentary on  culture and historical events.  This album can be viewed as somewhat of a  history lesson, with songs like &quot;Hurricane&quot;, &quot;Joey&quot; and  &quot;Black Diamond Bay&quot; educating us as we are transported to the  middle of the lives and circumstances which he writes about by power of his  unmatched story telling style and attention to detail.  The beautiful,  diverse and appealing melodies, such as &quot;Romance in Durango&quot;,  make it all the easier to get lost in the tales, and feel the pulse of the  people he is singing about.  Dylan has again demonstrated his virsitility,  unmatched talent and compassion for his fellow humans on this album.  I  would dare to call it precious.
B000002J09|5.0|This album is fantastic, what more can i say? Their best album? Who cares. Zeppelin is amazing, each album has it's own distinct characteristics and it's usless to compare them when they are all so good. Wanna experience  Zeppelin? Buy I through Houses of the Holy and don't stop the cd player cuz  this is Zeppelin in their prime, and seriously, who is better?
B00000C28M|1.0|Realmente encuentro que las excentricidades del Sr. Glenn Gould en la m&uacute;sica de Brahms directamente no funcionan para nada. La interpretaci&oacute;n es a un tempo tan lento que se convierte en una experiencia sopor&iacute;fera.  Personalmente respeto mucho al Sr. Gould, sobre todo por sus  extraordinarias interpretaciones de Bach, pero disc&uacute;lpenme amigos en este  disco la cosa no va.<br />Francisco J. Mu&ntilde;oz
0060194995|5.0|To Kill A Mockingbird is a thought provoking book.<br />Through the eyes of a child, they could see the injustice of a black man being convicted for a crime he has not commited, but because of the colour of his skin he is  GUILTY.
0440234743|4.0|What a great book! Having read all of Grisham's works, I would rate &quot;The Testament&quot; third best only to &quot;The Firm&quot; and &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot;. Many people say they dislike the ending and  that it's to quick, I personally think it is perfect. I mean how else could  you end it. How did you like this book? Tell me.
083351895X|5.0|I bought this book when it first came out in 1987 and have read it  probably a dozen times in the years since.   To me this book has  everything;The government trying to create a killing machine,the monster  they create and the lovable pooch thats as smart as they are. Not only is  &quot;Einstein&quot; smart he's also a match-maker. I think if you have a  dog and have always wondered what it would be like to actually be able to  converse with it, you will like this book.   To me this is the best Dean  Koontz book ever!!!!!!
6304383827|4.0|I love this movie, it is not better than  the Jane Austen novel, but who cares! Gwyneth Paltrow's acting is precise -- her portrayal of the precocious match-maker Emma is excellent. All of the actors were great.  Emma tried to be cupid and failed miserably, and she realized this when she  fell in love herself.<br />This is a charming and memorable comedy that melts  your heart and fills it with laughter. And I'm glad I saw it.
6305810109|5.0|the theatrical and artistic aspects of this grand movie enhance a very deep story line. the slow seeming pace of action, the intimacy of conversation,the straight across acceptance of the characters for each  other,all give us a look at that elusive goal we all seek of peace in our  lives. this is not being still or inactive, but having peace with our  history,, life and yet being still on the journey with whatever is at hand.  this portrayal reminds us that life is indeed a school and if we learn the  lessons we can achieve a sense of self that is beautiful, is powerful in  its effect on others and will result in transformation in many ways  wherever we go. thanks david lynch.
9994561642|4.0|An interesting and winding plot, the Moonstone puts a twist on the  traditional detective story. Containing several narratives rather than just  the single side of the story usually pretaining to the detective alone, the  reader has a chance to see every possible angle of the story. I really  enjoyed this aspect of the novel, and I find myself now wishing that more  books had followed Wilkie Collin's example. <br />The one negative thing about  this book, if anything, is that the narratives tend to be dragged out to  almost excessive lengths. I found myself wishing at some points that the  characters would just shut up and move on with the story. Some of the  things that they were discussing in no means were related to the story, so  I couldn't see why they had to be mentioned.<br />But all in all, this is a  rather good read, whether for the detective lover or first time reader.
0743200799|5.0|Gene Kranz was a flight director for most of the U.S. manned space program, and was on duty for some of the most critical events - including the first moon landing, and, of course the Apollo 13 accident. <br />In  &quot;Failure Is Not an Option,&quot; Kranz tells the story of Mission  Control from the begining (he wrote some of the intial procedures manuals)  through the Space Shuttle program.  He shows how the ground controllers  developed into a team, not only with each other, but with the astronauts on  board the spacecraft.  <br />Kranz may not be the most polished writer, but  this is a first-person account from someone who helped make history.  One  of the things I really liked about the book is that Kranz not only took  detailed notes during the missions (that was his first flight assignment),  but he held on to them and used them to provide a more detailed account  than I have seen before of the key missions from the perspective of Mission  Control.  He doesn't pull punches, and he's not afraid to admit mistakes,  and this gives this book an air of honesty that you don't always find in an  autobiography.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is without a doubt, the best band out of the Midwest US. their lyrics, and heavy beats are unbeatable. for people who compare it to korn, you didnt actually listen to the cd. these guys are much better, and have  much more talent thatn korn will ever have. with 3 drummers, 3 guitars, 1  bassist, a dj, and a lead singer, all with tons of talent, these guys cant  be stopped. if you like hard metal with meaningful lyrics, this band is for  you. and even if you cant understand the lyrics, you can still bang your  head to it.
0800141326|5.0|I am a what you would classify as a &quot;Godzilla&quot; fan. I grew up watching the cheesy Japanese dubbed Big G films, and have recently even saw the newer versions that have been made in Japan. So, to a lot of people's  surprise, I liked the American Godzilla. Big daddy G himself would probably  be scared off by some of the monstrous reviews the movie stirred in,  especially early on. But I found Godzilla to be an entertaining and very  fun movie to watch. No, the acting isn't that great, especially Maria  Pitillo, she could use a few more years in training.  Yet Godzilla isn't a  movie about how great the acting is or how intelligent a plot is formed.  It's a movie with great special effects, an eye-popping good monster, and  most of all, it's an enjoyable movie you can laugh with and have fun with.  Not a lot movies are like that anymore. Broderick is decent in the main  role, and Frenchman Jean Reno is good and funny as a member of the French  foreign legion. I also liked the American Godzilla. The only thing missing  from the creature was its fire breathing atomic breath, which would have  made the film a little hotter. Godzilla isn't a movie that racked up the  Oscars, or had knockout acting performances. It also isn't a movie for  those who must have a real intelligent mind bender. Yet for those of us who  just love a good, fun movie to watch on a Friday night, Godzilla should  send your approval roaring. It did mine.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I have seen Sarah McLachlan perform live and it sent goosebumps over my body.  Mirrorball has the same effect.  She conveys such powerful emotion throughout this c.d.  I prefer this album to any of her studio works.  i  don't think I've listened to any other c.d in my collection since I bought  Mirrorball.  A must have for any music lover.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I have never been so pleasantly surprised by a CD!  I bought this for one song on the CD and found that every single song was wonderful!  I have never had such a great collection of songs on one label!  I hope these guys  will get it together and keep writing music!  Leave if to the Aussies to  produce such a great album!
B00000IQC8|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies of all time! Kevin Smith is acomedic genius.
B000001DQI|4.0|You don't have to like the bouncy, sugary, weepy (and sometimes cheesy) pop songs that Elton has been putting out lately to like this.  Speaking in terms of pop, his stuff in the mid-80's is probably the best.  In terms of  pop-rock, this album is the best.  Actually, this is probably the best  Elton John album ever.<br />Not only does it have the classic you've heard  before (&quot;Candle in the Wind,&quot; &quot;Bennie and the Jets,&quot;  and probably the best song by ELton ever, &quot;Goodbye Yellow Brick  Road&quot;) but it also has songs like &quot;This song has no title&quot;  and &quot;Funeral for a friend&quot; that no one seems to no about but are  as equally brilliant.  Each time I listen to this CD I get something new  out of it.
B00000IQC8|5.0|This is one of the funniest movies of all time! Kevin Smith is acomedic genius.
0689819668|5.0|This book is a wonderful story about the life cycle of a seed.  I used this book in my unit on plants for my 2nd grade class.  It is a wonderful tool for a lesson on the beginning of a plant's life. Your students will  love looking at the wonderful illustrations that reinforce the story. I  highly recommend this piece of quality literature and all of Eric Carle's  books for your child or classroom.
B00000IOSU|5.0|I love MIRRORBALL...and this comes from someone who typically likes hard rock.  A friend of mine had SURFACING, and I eventually grew to like listening to that CD; but when I tested out MIRRORBALL at the record store  listening booth, this is what won me over to Sarah.  The music has a great  flow to it...all the way through the CD; instead of the overly-mellow  versions of her songs, the tunes are electrified in live concert--which  makes it fun to listen to this type of music.  There's really not a song  that I don't like on here.
6305718954|1.0|When I saw the trailers for this movie, I thought it would be very good. However, when I saw it I felt as though I was watching an MTV video. This movie was, unfortunately nothing more than a cut and paste movie. The  beginning could have been at the end, and the end at the beginning. There  was a great lack of any sense of continuity, and the storyline did not seem  to make any attempt to reconcile this. Further, this movie seemed to have  its own private agenda which it wished to get across, moreso than to make a  decent flick. All in all, I was very disappointed and this was one of those  many movies that leaves you saying, &quot;at least the special effects were  good.&quot;
B000002JSJ|2.0|Don't waste your money on this album unless you're a completist. It's a bunch of filler surrounding one killer song, &quot;Hots on for Nowhere.&quot;
B000002BYD|4.0|These guys are now in the history books as the brothers of the grunge revolution, thanks to Eddie Vedder's awesome vocals, which had probably more to do with this band's success than their songwriting.  After all, they chose the cheesiest tunes in the catalog (Even Flow and Daughter in  particular), but people rushed to buy Ten and Vs by the millions.  Vitalogy  and No Code saw the band experimenting a little more, with mixed results.   This CD finds themselves back on the top of their game, but still unafraid  to try out new things.  Brain of J would fit perfectly on Vitalogy, and  would be by far the best song, while No Way would be right at home on Vs.   Other songs that successfully explore territory include the poppy Pilate,  the soulful ballad Low Light, and the red dot tune.  Other songs worth  checking out are Given To Fly, Do The Evolution and Wishlist.  Skip the  final track, it's pretty annoying.  Still, it's good to hear what PJ was  capable of before resorting to Last Kiss (PUKE, BARF, ETC.).  While they're  starting to show signs of mortality, buy this CD and have a reason to miss  them.
B00003BDXG|4.0|I was pretty surprised to see all the negative reviews about this movie, although I agree it's certainly not everyone's cup of tea. The movie is filmed in a very... unique way. It sometimes switches to slow-motion quite  suddenly, or becomes black and white, and then back to colour.<br />The plot  line itself may not be overly original, but the way it is presented more  than makes up for that. I can surely say that I have never seen anything  else like it. :) At any rate, 'Natural Born Killers' developed quite a cult  following, so you know it can't be as bad as the other reviews make it out  to be. I'd say it's definitely worth watching!
B000000OQF|4.0|This would have to be the best album the Gunners have brought out.Their other albums are good don't get me wrong,but they just don't have the same raw power and energy as this album.Take the first track for an example  'Welcome To The Jungle' what better way to open a great but with a soild  rock track like this one.Then it moves on to kickin' songs such as 'Night  Train' and 'Mr Brownstone' and of course the great hit 'Paradise City'.Then  comes my personal favorite 'My Michelle' and the classic rock ballad 'Sweet  Child Of Mine'.This albums finishes with another great song 'Rocket Queen'  (some interesting lyrics in this one).The only bad points I found to this  album were 'Anythin Goes' and 'Your Crazy'but overall this album is a must  have for any Gunners fan or anyone into good classic rock music.
0891349553|5.0|I have bought many books on polymer clay and i must admit this is one of  my favorites!  The projects are well thought out and presented with easy to  follow text and pictures.  The animals are very lifelike and the  techiniques used to make them are in my opinion sound, i have been  sculpting for several years now and learned new techiniques, i am truely  pleased with this purchase!
B000002UV9|4.0|This would have to be one of the best rock albums I own.With songs such as 'Jet city woman' and 'Another rainy night(Without you)' this is one album that rocks well and true.Then you have &quot;Silent Lucidity' the almost  Pink floyd but not quite song that is one of the best songs I have  heard.With other songs such as 'the Thin Line' and the title track 'Empire'  this album keeps the listener hooked with great bass lines,catchy guitar  riffs and well thought out lyrics.I highly recommend this album to anyone  who are looking for a good quality rock album that they'll always want to  listen too.
6302794331|5.0|This movie touches every emotion in the human soul. The characters are so believable and life like from the mice bookkeepers working for Scrooge to the penguins at their annual Christmas skating party! The musical score by  Paul Williams produced some of the most beautifuls songs ever! They are  thought provoking and lovely to listen to. I would love to get the  soundtrack because I enjoy the songs so much. &quot;One more Sleep Til  Christmas&quot; is just precious as sung by Kermit. Michael Caine portrays  the role of Scrooge in a magical and wonderfully extraordinary way. You can  feel everything he did as he grew up(in Christmas Past) and evolved into  the lonely and unhappy miser as an old man. I watch this several times a  month and recommend it to anyone who believes in the magic of Christmas and  who wants to bring out the child in them as only the muppets and Michael  Caine can do.  I love it! !
0783240503|5.0|Since hearing that Joseph was going to be filmed for video, we have watched for the big day when it would be released.  Well, the wait was worthwhile!  This is a truly awesome video! We've memorized most of the  music and loved singing right along with the video.  This is superb  entertainment: the music, the terrific acting, the subtleties of expression  and interaction between characters,and the sets...a visual treat. We will  watch this video over and over and never grow tired of the great  entertainment that is Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat!
B000002OZY|5.0|Man, this was heady stuff when I first heard it in 69. I was a kid (13), and those horn voicings, the organ washes, closed miked acoustic guitar, and drums, drums, drums.  All of this made the &quot;concept&quot; that  much more mysterious.  <br />OK, so the end was a little hard to follow, there  is so much to enjoy about this album.  The Overture is so cool, introducing  the themes that would crop up throughout the record.  I've always thought  that the Who achieved ab incredible complexity in the arrangements with  very few instruments.  They create a mood on Tommy that is unique to that  work.  They flex their incredible muscle without ever getting  heavyhanded.<br />Daltry's singing is great; so are the group harmonies.   <br />This album has taken a lot of knocks over the years: pretentious, weak  story line, weak ending, etc.  Ignore all that.  As rock operas go, this is  the best.  For many reasons.
0679735909|4.0|My dad once told me that there was no such thing as a bad book, only bad readers.  That was before I recommended that he read Possession.  Granted, my dad's preference was for historical novels, being a retired Marine, but  I was disappointed that he was unable to appreciate the beauty of Byatt's  story and, more importantly, her prose in Possession.<br />Don't be fooled by  the cover, which states that you hold in your hands a romance novel.  Possession is indeed a romance novel, but not in the vein of Danielle  Steel.  Possession is much more than that.  Where Steel writes formula  romance, Byatt has perhaps created a sub-genre, and one that is far more  sophisticated than those romance novels that one finds in airport gift  shops.  Gorgeously written, it is the story of two academic types turned  sleuth, who themselves become romantically involved, and their efforts to  piece together the love affair between two poets from the nineteenth  century, largely from a number of letters they discover by chance.<br />The  prose at times can be difficult, but rewarding nevertheless.  A number of  love letters are included in the text, and although they are beautifully  written, this portion of the novel outstays its welcome; after a time they  do little to move the story forward.  Still, the end is worth the effort,  and although I was surprised by the denouement, others have claimed to see  it coming.  Winner of the 1990 Booker Prize - the United Kingdom's highest  literary award - I recommend Possession to all lovers of good literature.
B000000IV0|5.0|Spring is here again, tender age in bloom. This album smells like teen spirit. It's the best rock album ever, I have got every Nirvana album and they're all great. Kurt lives on in our minds!
6305627347|5.0|The title says it all. It is definitely not for the faint of heart! But if you like intelligent satire, I recommend it. One reviewer posted a comment that this movie is &quot;un-Godly&quot;, I am a Christian, and I believe  that God has a sense of humor (just look at the platypus) and won't mind if  you laugh at something that is funny.
0140282033|5.0|An absolutely delicious book!  I savored every page!  Harris' gifts of description and insight into human motivation make this one of the most delightful books I have read in a long time. I loved the characters and  wish she would give us more of Vianne and Anouk!
6305627401|5.0|I am not a fan of th show at all, but I watched the movie because my friend told me it was good. I was surprised at how good it was. It made fun of everything wrong with the world today. <br />The story is about a group of  young kids who are &quot;picture perfect children&quot; who sneak into an R  rated movie with a themes song &quot;uncle (you can guess the next  word)&quot; and they begin swearing incessantly, so their parents blame  canada (the country the R rated movie stars are from) and go to war with  them. Throughout the whole movie, it is hillarious, clever, and  musical.<br />On the issue of kids watching this movie, i don't see any  problem. This whole movie makes fun of censorship (as well as other  topics,) and, well, not letting kids see it just proves the main point of  the movie. People say it was immoral obviosly didn't get the joke, they  thought it was serious. Also, i am 14 and I saw this movie, and it didn't  corrupt me. Another point is, anyone heard of the first amendment?
B000000H3W|4.0|With the recent trend toward mainstream popularity, metal has balkanized inevitably into the &quot;New (or Nu; wtf is THAT about? ) Metal&quot; camp, the &quot;Hard Core/Old School&quot; and the ever-present &quot;Death  Metal&quot; camp.<br />Sepultura was the first band that I ever saw bridge all  three through their career.  I got the album because I saw them live in San  Fran, touring with Ministry in support of this album.  They were loud,  hard, fast, and musically tight.  The album was crushing, adrenaline-rush  mosh music, and I loved it to death for about five years.<br />From the  strains of the opening Title track, &quot;Arise&quot; straps you into your  seat and digs into your brain.  &quot;Under Siege&quot;, &quot;Desperate  Cry&quot; and &quot;Meaningless Movements&quot; are all favorite songs,  exploring infinite variations of Sepultura's sound.<br />Another important  point about this record (The original, not the remaster) is that this  record is where Sepultura's sound began to evolve... they slowed it down,  they explored more political themes and fewer demonic ones.  And when the  next album came out, Sepultura had Arrived.<br />Bottom line: Arise is a  classic metal album from one of the best thrash bands there was.  Metal  fans do not ignore it.
0783240287|2.0|I may be the only person on this whole thing that does not like this version of Joseph, but I'll survive.  First of all, I just want to say that I actually love the musical, and between me and my sister, we have nine  different cast recordings of Joseph.  So I am not reviewing the musical,  but rather this presentation.  First of all, I love Maria Friedman, but I  feel that she was totally miscast for the part.  Her voice is a totally  different register, suited to singing arias and ballads over the psudo-pop  presentation needed by the narrator, however, I really can't think of  someone else to play the narrator (maybe Elaine Paige (Grizebella in  &quot;Cats&quot;?).  Second, Donny Osmond?   Just because he played Joseph  the longest (and mostly in Canada) doesn't mean he was the most popular.   Come on people, anyone who saw the US touring cast with Sam Harris knows  that Sam has a voice that hits high notes better than Donny.  Oprah  basically said that his voice could move God.  That and I think that he's  better looking than Donny.  My third quibble is the horrid makeup job.   When doing film, one does not need to apply the layers of stage makup as  seen on those actors.  I also missed some of the accentuation seen in some  casts (the US cast recording pulls off the Country, French, and Elvis  accents better), but then again, the entire cast was English, so I guess I  can't complain too much.  And lastly, the redone megamix is HORRID!  There  were a few things I liked about it though.  The stylized  Potiphar/Jailcell/Go, Go, Go Joseph scene setpieces were well done, and if  I was directing a version of Joseph, I would try to emulate their style and  simplicity.  Second, it was nice of them to include a making of  documentary, though at times, it focused too much on the little school  productions when I wish it would talk more about the presented versions.  Anyways, if you are a Joseph fanatic, then you probably want to get it.  If  you are not, wait for them torevive the show again and hope it tours to  your town, you're not missing much.
B000000H4V|5.0|I find it interesting (and funny) that to some people, the success of an album hinges on whether or not it's &quot;commercially accessible.&quot;  Metal artists walk a finer edge than most today (except probably for punk  artists), in that every _POSSIBLE_ move they could make constitutes selling  out.  You're a sellout in the metal and punk worlds if: You release a  record.  Your sound goes too &quot;soft&quot;.  Your sound changes.  You  play venues with seats instead of barstools, etc etc.<br />Sepultura is a case  in point.  &quot;Chaos AD&quot; is, in my estimation, their finest record.  &quot;Refuse/Resist&quot; leads off the album with a ripping-hammer punch  that socks you into your seat.  &quot;Territory&quot;, &quot;Slave New  World&quot; and &quot;Nomad&quot; are outstanding songs as well, running  the gamut from the slow, heavy trudge to the fast-paced pummeling guitar  that was Sepultura's bread and butter for so long.<br />&quot;Chaos AD&quot;  also features Sepultura's first serious exploration of tribal and political  issues, with the songs &quot;Kaiowas&quot; (named for a tribe of native  South Americans that were all but wiped out) and &quot;Biotech is  Godzilla&quot; (co-written by Jello Biafra).  &quot;Biotech...&quot; is  more than just funny, anyone who knows about the horrors that are foisted  upon the working class and poor in South America knows that the song is  brutally accurate and sounds a wake-up call to the civilized world.<br />This  is Sepultura's finest work.  The collaborations are smooth and  well-executed, the songs are well-paced and well written.  And yet, to  people like my buddy Chael, an enjoyable record is a failure.  I don't get  that.  I KNOW the band wants people to listen, did you ever hear of a band  that wanted their records to make people shut them off?  Some argue that  Sepultura's earlier records were meant for the loyal hardcore audience. The  fact is that a truly loyal audience would appreciate their musical growth,  realize that stagnation is what comes from never changing your sound, and  encourage them to constantly evolve and come up with new things to amaze us  with.<br />Chaos AD was one of these albums, and I suggest you play it until  your ears bleed.wth,  realize that stagnation is what comes from never changing your sound, and  encourage them to constantly evolve and come up with new things to amaze us  with.<br />Chaos AD was one of these albums, and I suggest you play it until  your ears bleed.
B0000214F0|4.0|I heard about this movie from an old drama teacher that said it was the most horrid thing he ever saw, so naturally when I saw that it was released on DVD, I had to buy it (and make sure you get the unrated version if you  do decide to get it!).  First of all, the movie quality was a little  grainy, but I don't think it could be helped given the original source.   This movie is definately not for the squeamish or prude, as the boxcover  suggests.  There is a lot of explicit sex, and plenty of bloodshed (though  sometimes it seems corny unintentionally).  Storywise, there really isn't  much there.  A young man becomes emporer through assasination and slowly  becomes contaminated by the power that he has given himself.  One can see a  hint at his psychological breakdown, but there are other psychological  movies that do it better.  I guess this movie would be best classified as  porn that seriously wanted to have a plot, but ends up failing in it's  pretensiousness.  And the big orgy scene is near the end, and it is  comparible to most porn in the 70's, nothing special.  If you want to get  this for the sex, I think you are better off renting a full fledged porno.   Malcom McDowell does give a pretty good performance, but many parts of it  reminded me of his Alex character in Kubrick's &quot;A Clockwork  Orange&quot;, and you'd probably be better off seeing that one.  Now you  are probably wondering why I gave it four stars...  I happen to be a fan of  campy cheese flicks (John Water's Pink Flamingoes is right up my alley),  and this in a way, isn't too far from that camp.  One last thought, you  have to wonder how they got &quot;big&quot; name stars to be in this movie  (didn't they know who Bob Guccione was? )
B00001OH7J|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT BLUES ROCK CD.JUST LISTEN TO RORY WAIL ON THE SONG SHIN KICKER AND YOUR HOOKED.THIS ALONG WITH TOPPRIORITY ARE MY FAVORITES,BUT THIS IS A MUST BUY FOR SOMEONE WHO LIKE ALOT OF GUITAR.
0783240287|5.0|Joseph, how can I ever say, all that I want to about you?<br />This movie is simply a joy! This is one of my all time favorite plays so when I heard it was due out on DVD this month, I didn't wait a moment to order it. I was  not dissapointed! The colors are rich, the sound is full, the transfer (was  there a transfer?) is flawless.<br />Donny Osmond is wonderful as Joseph. The  narrator carries the play with her amazing voice, refraining from stealing  any scenes (as I have seen done on on-stage versions). The chorus is  incredible. The only blotch for my viewing was Joan Collins. She seemed to  self-aware &quot;Hey everyone, I am Joan Collins!&quot; that her character  wasn't even on stage with her. I saw a high school student do a much better  job at Mrs. Potipher last year because she had some acting talent.<br />Other  than that mercifully short scene, the entire DVD is excellent. I couldn't  recommend it higher!
B00000J6AG|5.0|Simply put this is the best album I have heard in the last year, maybe more.  Has something for everybody and every song is worth listening to.  One of my top picks out of my whole collection.
630575067X|5.0|Why is everyone saying this movie is so bad!  The reason that it is so light is because this is the begining! Sure it wasn't as good as the other ones, but you have to realize that the other ones took place in the middle  of a war! This one is just the start of this war. They had to make it light  because of the darkness that George Lucas says that episodes ii and iii  will be like. I thought it had a great plot, you can see many hints of  whats to come in the plot line, and was just overall a great movie.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Once again, Cher has proved that she is the ultimate diva when it comes to dance music.  The title track is very authentic.  The song &quot;Strong Enough&quot;  has a somewhat lonley but brave feeling about it.  If you  enjoy Cher at her best, then this is an album you don't want to miss!
0151001820|2.0|The premise of the book definitely has potential to be intriguing, enticing, and unusual, but the potential is just never fully realized.  Two separate plots are loosely joined in the novel--the search for demonic  books and the answers therein and the half-hearted muddling about a Dumas  manuscript--and neither is fully fleshed out.  Some of the plot twists are  simply silly and the eventual denouments (two, one for each of the plots)  are by turns ridiculous and boring.  The main character is intriguing, but  around him are assembled cardboard cut-outs of characters.  Not a terrible  novel, but just so much less than it could be.  A shame. I was convinced to  buy the book solely by the book cover promise that it was a cross between  The Name of the Rose and The Three Musketeers--it is, resoundingly, not  even close.  Rather than buy this book, read (or re-read) either of those  other two--it will be a much more satisfying investment of time.
B000000HU1|4.0|Gong never was my favorite band, for that they are a bit too silly. Still YOU is the best I've heard from these space cadets. (They were the first or at least one of the first, as I am far too young to give a proper opinion  about the matter, to use spacey synth sounds along with acustic  instruments). Anyway YOU delivers a real good listen when it comes to the  instrumental passages. When it comes to Daevid Allen and his silly singing,  well then they have lost me. It's no secret I would have preffered my man  Steve H. to do the vocals. Nevertheless YOU is a fine album and a very  influential one too.
B000002UW1|5.0|This is the album that made me want to know REM better, and I'm very happy to have listened to it! The masterpiece is &quot;The one I love&quot;, a melodic miracle, one of the best songs ever written. But other songs, like  &quot;Oddfellow local 151&quot; or &quot;welcome to the occupation&quot;  are almost as good. For who doesn't know REM or started listening to them  only recently, there's almost the same difference between this and their  latest albums, as there is between U2 early works and &quot;Achtung  Baby&quot;, so it's really worth listening.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I think this CD was the best. The CD just proved to me how much i like RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE.  As of right now i know no one can be better them. I own everything RAGE now.  My whole room is covered in RAGE stuff  now.  So if you want a favorite band just choose RAGE there is no better.  It all started with the first CD then grew to be better.  It's amazing how  far they got through all this time.  Their word has been spread to everyone  and eveyone has gotton the message and most talking action about it.  If  there is any CD you want get The RAGE CD BATTLE OF LOS ANGELES. And while  your at it get the RAGE SELF-TITLED and EVIL EMPIRE.  Don't forget to go  and watch their shows their amazing best live performance you will ever  see.
0399143904|5.0|This is definitely one of Clancy's great works.  I love how he tied John Clark's aging career feelings with the plot, and showed how he almost &quot;grew up&quot; into his leadership role as Rainbow Six.  Excellent  details that kept the plot moving and the entire text interesting!
0783240287|2.0|I was disappointed in the DVD version of Joseph.  The background looks like a cartoon.  The Broadway production was awesome, but the DVD is nothing like it.  The music is the same, but moves slower on the new  release.  Rent it before you buy it.
B000001C6D|5.0|An album of timeless classics that you will never tire of hearing. This is five people harmonising to such an extent that it goes beyond being merely an album: it is an expression. The guitars, drums and vocals blend together  seamlessly, all at once atmospheric, moody, and strangely uplifting. If  beauty can be contained in music, it can be found in every song on this  album. Do not be without it.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I went to see this on New Year's Eve with my family, it's great! It is hilarious, and all of the sci-fi stuff in it is good also. If you are a sci-fi fan you will love this and great the jokes even better, but if you  aren't a sci-fi fan you will love this also! Usually Sci-Fi/Comedies are  just wild and don't make any sense for the sci-fi part, except MIB (That  was a good one.), and of course this one, they did a really good job with  the special effects and the aliens. I think they could make a second one  that is full sci-fi or another sci-fi/comedy one like this. If you haven't  seen it, and not sure if you want to buy it, just rent it first, or get it  on pay-per-view, or wait several months for it to come on HBO or one of the  other premium channels if you get them. I can't wait till i get it on DVD,  though!
052594527X|5.0|In a thrilling emulation of Jan Vermeer's artistic style, Tracy Chevalier uses scenes drawn from everyday life and painstaking attention to detail to tell the story of Griet, a 16-year-old girl who is required by her family's  misfortunes to become a maid in the Vermeer household.<br />I devoured the  book the first time through, then read it again to savor the starkly  beautiful language and the highly sensual account of 17th century life in a  busy Dutch household.  On both forays, I drank in the vivid descriptions of  Vermeer's paintings and his creative process, from the positioning of his  models to the grinding of bone and lead, massicot, madder and ochre, to  make his pigments.  <br />To those who complained that nothing happened or  that the book was predictable, let me say, this was never meant to be a  suspense story in the conventional sense.  That an event could be foreseen  doesn't render it improperly drawn.  The magnetism of this tale is not its  ability to surprise us with plot twists but to show the complex and  fascinating interplay among people of different stations and sensibilities.   Chevalier demonstrates her considerable skill in presenting Griet to be at  the same time naive and intelligent, hemmed in by her lack of status and  strong of spirit.  Her resigned frustration over the many slights and  unfair situations she must deal with strikes me as the only sensible option  for one who must continue in employment for the sake of those she supports.   Though I can't imagine Griet describing herself as anything but ordinary,  her attention to detail--as keen in its own way as Vermeer's--and her  understanding of the personalities and motives of those around her show her  to be a remarkable young woman.  The other main characters--sometimes as  bound by their elevation as Griet is by her lack of it--behave with  annoying reality.  Maria Thins, Vermeer's mother-in-law and  behind-the-scenes overseer of the household and finances, almost always  knows the score.  She comes to Griet's aid or not, based on what will best  serve her daughter's interests and yet she comes across, not as scheming,  but as practical.   <br />Comparable to Vermeer's intricate landscapes are  Chevalier's long views of the Delft streets.  She has a knack for picking  the right detail to convey a mood, a cultural insight, a social contrast.   <br />Vermeer had the extraordinary capability to endow his figures and  landscapes with a luminescence that gave his paintings lasting impact.   Chevalier imbues this simple story with a similar light from within.  For  those who can set aside the desire to be entertained with broadly drawn  action, there is glowing subtext and delicious tension throughout.  Chevalier lets the characters be real--noble at times, disappointing at  others--and though she doesn't tie up every loose end, she provides a  resolution that is both satisfying and credible.  My only complaint was  that the ending came too soon as it tends to do with good fiction. <br />In  addition to a good story well told, Girl With  Pearl Earring is a  remarkable intertwining of the historical with the fanciful.  Chevalier's  tale is exquisitely believable and lives in the yearning face of this most  appealing model.  I will never again look at the painting without feeling  the marvelous resonance and possibilty of Griet's story.
B000009QPE|3.0|Who would win in a battle of the bands between Manowar and Slayer?
B00003CX5A|5.0|I haven't seen it on DVD yet but i saw it 31 times in the theatre.  It is a really great movie.  I thought that it was just one of the best movies ever.  The story line was really really great.  It was just amazing and  really great.  I think everyone should experience this great movie
0446525537|5.0|This story hit the laughter and the tears.  I think everyone can relate to knowing people who have been on the outside of popularity looking in.  This story showed the ups and downs of being well-known by others and showed  that no matter what you statis in life we all have a lot to learn about  human emotion and compassion.
0440214041|5.0|This book was awesome!  You will love it!
0780625129|5.0|I just saw this movie and instantly fell in love with it.  The acting was fantastic and the plot wonderful.  I congradgulate the cast and crew.  Wonderful acting and directing.  I reccommend this to anyone who likes a  good intense film.
B000002UEB|5.0|This is the best album that Queensryche every produced.  They have really gone down hill since.<br />This CD has one of the thumping-est base lines that I have ever heard.  <br />Every time that I listen to this CD, it seems like I  notice something new that I missed before.  It is truly a spectacular CD.
0553213105|4.0|I previously wrote when I was only Half-way through. I would like to update on what I read since then, now that I have finished the book. It is very well written, with a great plot. Plus, Jane Austen keeps you in  suspense, but not TOO much suspense as many books are now. I hightly  suggest that you read this book!
0064431789|5.0|When Max is sent to bed without any supper because he is acting like a monster, his imagination really takes off.  This book shows how an angry child can channel his emotions into imagination.  Max magically transforms  his room into a jungle, an ocean and an island where he becomes the king of  the wild things, and has quite an adventure.  Max does realize that at the  end of the day, there is no place like home.<br />This is a classic written in  1963 by Maurice Sendak.  The New York Times claimed that Maurice Sendak was  &quot;one of the most powerful men in the US&quot; because he was able to  help shape the fantasies of millions of children.  The illustrations in  this book are startling and amazing.  This would be a great book even if it  didn't have any words, the pictures alone are great. This book was the  winner of the Caladecott Medal for the Most Distinguished Picture Book of  the year.<br />This is a great story that both adults and children will enjoy  alike.  But I would recommend it for kids ages 6 and under.  My son is  always asking to read this book at bed time.
0515125024|4.0|Jack Reacher is a good protagonist, and no less believable than Dirk Pitt, James Bond, etc. Any action adventure takes some willing suspension of disbelief as well the ability to accept coincidences. That said, I have  become a Reacher fan. As in &quot;Killing Floor&quot; he gets in the wrong  place at the wrong time and is considered a bad guy by other good guys.  Using whatever resources are at hand he presses on and keeps you on the  edge of your seat. I did think &quot;Killing Floor&quot; a stronger read,  but look forward to this series continuing.
B000002UKS|5.0|No need to go into a long-winded, song by song diatribe about how great this CD is. Buy it, cue it up to Enough Space, and dig the incredible bass line and guitar intro.  Grohl is able to go from hair-raising rock jams to  reserved, simple harmony's from literally one beat to the next. Though this  may sound unfocused, it is rather a testament to this great bands  overwelming musical ability.   This is a rock milestone by any standard of  measure. The Foos ROCK like no others. Get on board now, save yourself the  trouble later.
B00000AFFF|5.0|..just a short note to those cloth-ears that dissed this jewel.It requires a little work on your part,a little open mindedness.Those people nostalgic for the punk Elv(a short period in a long career)are sadly barking up the  wrong tree.This is a near perfect piece of work from two consummate  artists.
0440219078|5.0|This book was the best. I especially liked how it really got you thinking on whether or not this could happen in real life. If you have Fahrenheit 451 then I would suggest reading this book.You'll love it.
0790734060|5.0|See, it's movies like this that make me proud to be a classical music fan.  This is hardly a totally factual film; don't go thinking you can watch it and then write an essay about Mozart or something.  No, this is simply a  massively entertaining film, one that takes Mozart out of the Dora Stock  silverpoint drawing and brings all of his charm, his anger, and his passion  to life.  This is called a &quot;period piece,&quot; but the truth is, the  emotions and ideas expressed by Mozart et al. hold true even today.  Filled  with subtle humor and the enormity of one man's quest for revenge against  God and the universe, this is a movie you'll enjoy even if you hate Mozart.   If you love Mozart, it could be the most perfect movie ever.
0790732203|5.0|What a wonderful movie, and a real treat to see it in letterbox.  I just wish they had done a better job on the transfer.  I have a real big tv and I'm pretty picky, so factor that into my review.  But there were some  noticable artifacts in the picture.  A shame.  But still worth every penny  and a world better than a pan-and-scan VHS tape...
0684171600|5.0|For the past two years I have been searching for the perfect adventure book to suit my dreams, and I finally found it, Treasure Island.  This story was told hundreds of years ago and changed over time.  The author was Robert Louis Stevenson.  This book had 232 pages of jam-packed action.   This story was suppost to take place in the Pirate times.  There were lots  of characters thruout this story, but the two most important ones were  Jim Hawkins, the leader of the pack, and Long John Silver, a kind of two  faced person.  This book was about Jim Hawkins and his friends going to  sail to Treasure Island, hoping to find the burried loot of Captain Flint,  the toughest of all the pirates.  But they didn't know that the crew of  their own ship is made up of Flint's old crew, led by the evil, one-legged  pirate Long John Silver.  Once on the island, Jim and his friends must find  the burried treasure and escape efore the pirates capture them.  I am not  going to tell you the rest of the story because it will ruin a great story  like this for you.  Have fun reading it!
B00000JFV9|5.0|If you are looking for a good funky album to enhance your collection, this is the one.  There is a good variety of songs on this album - instrumentals, ballads, and some true classics including the title cut,  Pusherman and Freddie's Dead.  I have never seen the movie, but I enjoy  classic soul and this is one of my true favorites. There is not a song on  here I don't like. The combination of Mayfield's smooth voice and the  smokin' bass grooves make this album one that you must have if you enjoy  classic soul, funk and R &amp; B.
0684171600|5.0|For the past two years I have been searching for the perfect adventure book to suit my dreams, and I finally found it, Treasure Island.  This story was told hundreds of years ago and changed over time.  The author was  Robert Louis Stevenson.  This book had 232 pages of jam-packed action.   This story was suppost to take place in the Pirate times.  There were lots  of characters thruought this stors,y, but the two most important ones were  Jim Hawkins, the leader of the pack, and Long John Silver, a kind of two  faced person.  This book was about Jim Hawkins and his friends going to  sail to Treasure Island, hoping to find the burried loot of Captain Flint,  the toughest of all the pirates.  But they didn't know that the crew of  their own ship is made up of Flint's old crew, led by the evil, one-legged  pirate Long John Silver.  Once on the island, Jim and his friends must find  the burried treasure and escape efore the pirates capture them.  I am not  going to tell you the rest of the story because it will ruin a great story  like this for you.  Have fun reading it!
B00000DHRZ|4.0|I mainly bought this for the 4 hit songs &quot;Pretty Fly for a White Guy&quot;, &quot;Why don't You Get A Job?&quot;,  &quot;The Kids Aren't Alright&quot;, &amp; &quot;Shes Got Issues&quot;, which are all great  songs, and a few other good ones include Americana, Staring at the Sun, and  Pay the Man. It also does something cool when u put it in the computer. But  seriously, if u just got into the Offspring and are looking for this album,  get one of their older albums first, like Smash, Ignition, &amp; Ixnay on  the Hombre, or their hard-to-find self-titled debut. Still this is good,  but if I had to choose between this and Smash, Smash would definitely be  it.
0441172717|5.0|Dune was a very complex book that followed a boy and his life to becoming a Messiah to the Bene Gesserit religion. It takes place on a desert world where water is vital and Paul Atreides, the main character, is a son of the  duke of the planet. There are giant sandworms on this planet which stalk  the planet and grow to over 1000 feet long. This book is very exciting yet  somewhat predictable in parts. It invovles politics religion and how a  society on this desert planet runs. I feel this book is very inspiring and  very intrigueing. The characters are so well developed you feel as if they  were your best of friends. I wish everyone could read this book to see how  awe inspiring and enjoyful this book is.
B00000I8UF|5.0|I've have this for 5 years. On this CD, additional tracks have been added. Recently this was noted as jazz cd of the year. For historians of the art, or newcomers to jazz , get this, educate yourself, and groove. There is a  lot to dig in these jams.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Great music with a new attitude.  Santana will definitely go out with a bang after this album
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game is definently a book to get you thinking!  Not only is it the BEST book I have ever read, but it is also the BEST book that all of my friends have read.  I strongly suggest that you check this book out.   Another great thing about this book is that if you become attached like I  did, OSC continued writing more books that fit in with the Ender series so  that you aren't just left hanging.  Also, if this book wasnt that great  would I have taken the time and effort to fill out this review?
B000000XB9|5.0|The only song this CD doesnt have is 'Born on the Bayou'.  Every other song is a classic
B00004LN16|2.0|AC/DC is one of the best bands of all times, but there just getting little old.  They cant rock like they used too.  At least there making money!
B000000FG8|5.0|Ever since I heard the amazingly fast beats of &quot;hoboken&quot;, i began listening more and more to Operation Ivy when I was a kid. I never really understood them back then, but as soon as I got older, i did. this  album changed my life. even if you've never heard punk before, get this  album. You are not considered &quot;punk&quot; without this album in your  cd library. The media has dilluted the image of punk today, blink 182 and  the offspring basking in the MTV spotlight. If it makes you sick, this  album will make you feel better. Sound system is the anthem of all punk  rockers and skankers out there. Operation Ivy- The New Revolution of the  80's, will never go out of style.<br />SEE YA IN THE PIT,<br />LINT
B00001OH1S|5.0|You can listen to this CD anytime, anywhere, with anybody.  I found myself realaxed and got a new thing for easy going jazz music.
B00003CWN3|4.0|The brutal rape and murder of trans youth Brandon Teena shockedmany in the small Nebraska town of Humboldt where the events occurredfive years ago. But it came as no shock to the many thousands of trans people who live under the threat of violence every day. Since December 1994 when Brandon Teena--and his friends Lisa Lambert and Phillip DeVine--were all murdered by John Lotter and Tom Nissen, various artistic attempts have tried to put the events in perspective. Two plays and two films have so far chronicled the short life and violent death of working-class youth Brandon Teena.  The latest attempt is the film &quot;Boys Don't Cry,&quot; directed by Kimberly Pierce. The film is a fictionalized account of Brandon's last few months on earth. The writers and director have taken some liberties with the facts of the case. In fact, one of the women whom Brandon Teena reportedly dated in real life has asked that her name be removed from this film. The ethical issues facing a filmmaker fictionalizing a story about real people--some of them still living--make this film a target of justifiable criticism. But the film also makes an important contribution. It reveals with an unflinching gaze to a mass audience the violence wielded by bigots against someone seen as &quot;other.&quot; For transgender and transsexual people--and many others whose lives have been wounded as targets of such frenzied reactionary violence--the graphic portrayal of brutality may be extremely painful and difficult to watch.  The film begins in Lincoln, Neb., where Brandon Teena--whom this reviewer felt was played quite convincingly by Hilary Swank--runs from bigots who have discovered the &quot;secret&quot; of his birth sex.  Teena moves to Falls City, where he is initially accepted by a group of friends. There he begins a love relationship with a woman named Lana--played with warmth by Chlo Sevigny. But his life begins to unravel when Falls City Sheriff Charles Laux arrests Teena and publicly exposesthe fact that he was born female-bodied. This exposure leads two of his former &quot;buddies&quot; to gang-rape Brandon Teena. And the forcible outing by the police eventually leads to his later murder at the home of Lisa Lambert. Lambert's friend in real life--Phillip DeVine--was also murdered at the house. But this was not depicted in the film. This omission unfortunately means that viewers don't know the part that racism played in this murderous attack. DeVine was an African American man who was visiting the virtually all-white town at the time of the attack. There are large issues that are not covered in this film. Brandon Teena's identity and murder are taken out of social context. Trans oppression as a whole is not explored, for example. Neither is the question of working-class oppression. In the beginning of the film Lotter and Nissen have recently been released from jail. The entire area is extremely economically depressed. There appear to be very few jobs for anyone--especially former prisoners--and poverty is commonplace. Drugs and alcohol that numb the mind and senses are used heavily by all characters throughout the film.  Lotter and Nissen are the kind of white straight men so marginalized in the working class that they can be seduced by right-wing ideology into blaming trans people and women for their problems. Ultimately Brandon Teena was killed for attempting to be himself in a world that has little tolerance for sex and gender variations. This intolerance isn't simply a symptom of living in a small town in Nebraska. A mountain of historical evidence reveals that transsexual and transgender and intersexual people lived in small cooperative communities for thousands of years before the division of society into haves and have-nots. And they enjoyed the respect of their communities. But these were societies based on sharing the fruits of communal labor in which each member's contributions were vital and therefore appreciated Brandon Teena is a victim ofquite a different historical period. Under capitalism, a tiny handful of families claim to own the vast system of production that has been built through the collective labor of the working class. Ideology that whips up bigotry plays an important role in such an unjust and unequal economy. It disarms and weakens the potential unity of the giant laboring class. Had there been no 1969 Stonewall uprising--which subsequently unleashed the massive modern movement for lesbian, gay, bi and trans liberation--Brandon Teena's death might have passed unnoticed and this film would never have been made. And the progressive struggle to shed light on his murder is a part of the growing movement for trans liberation--a social movement that may end up shaking the current notions about sex and gender to their very foundations. But it will take a truly massive and united struggle against all forms of bigotry to put a stop once and for all to the kind of violence that claimed Brandon Teena's life--and the lives of so many other trans people.
B00002Z88D|5.0|There are many people who can philosophize about this album; hundreds of reviews below mine which do that.  However, there are flashes of pure beauty in this album.  No Leaf Clover, one of the new songs on this album,  is the one that currently stays in my mind.  The songs for the most part  have the Metallica hardness (there are exceptions, Hero of the Day sounded  lazily sung even though it was already an acoustic song), and still had the  basics -- drums, sound melodic guitar.  If you like purely the old  Metallica, then it might not be your favorite, depending on how you feel  about their new directions.  Otherwise, it's a lasting buy.
0515127485|2.0|Basic plot: a historian discovers Stalin's diary, then goes off on a three day trek across Russia to discover a shocking truth about Stalin.  The book was okay, but the pace was a little slow, and I didn't care for so many  descriptions of modern day Russia.  I wouldn't call this a  &quot;thriller&quot; as it is missing the requisite suspense and action.  I  could have done with more pace, more crisp dialogue and definitely more  action.
0590373587|3.0|This was a very interesting book for me. It was unlike any other book I've read. It was exotic in a way. The people in this book were all the same. They all wore the same thing, did the same thing, ate the same thing, and  basicly did everything everyone else was doing. When he was the Reciever of  Memory, I was very happy. He was very nervous too. I expesially liked the  part when he and Gabe left and found a new place to live. It was very  heartwarming.
B0000039PW|5.0|dis CD is dope its da bomb ..jus like biggie i luv dis album it isbetter dan born again and life after death .. if ya wanna buy a goodalbum buy dis 1 .. dont forget that when he released dis album JUICY went gold! .. so buy and listen to da lyrics and enjoy .. R.I.P. biggie smalls A.k.A tha notorious B.I.G.  END
B000002UA9|5.0|A lot of people think early Beatles stuff is simple and forgetable.  But if you've ever seen a piece of Beatles sheet music it's more than just 3 chords. The songs themselves are very complex. Maybe the arrangements  aren't as complex but to me that just means people can't distinguish  between a great song and studio wizardry.<br />Please Please Me is the Beatles  at their rawest. It includes two bona-fide rock classics &quot;Please  Please Me&quot; And &quot;I Saw Her Standing There.&quot;  The former I  count as the greatest &quot;rock&quot; song ever. I'm talking about down  and dirty two guitars, a bass, and drums rock and roll. Not pop.  Not folk.   It's better than Hound Dog. Better than Johnny Be Goode.  So don't listen  to people who think that music has to be brooding or well-produced to be  good. This album is down and dirty performances mixed with great, songs  that, when they're penned by Lennon-McCartney are as complex and wonderful  as they come.
0440219078|5.0|I thought was a very good book. It really makes you think how the world today compares to this book. Read it, you'll like it!
0440219078|5.0|I feel The Giver is an excellent book.  I enjoyed because i read it is 7th grade and in eigth grade. I got something more  out of it every year I read it.  I fell if your bored and looking for something to do go out and get The Giver because I think you will enjoy it!
6304913176|5.0|I normally do not enjoy too many Sci-Fi flicks outside of the Star Wars realm but this is an exception.  The action here is great and there enough blood and guts to keep you dry-heaving for days.  The computer graphics  were tight even if the acting was not. Oh, and Denise Richards is in this  movie.  Isn't that enough to warrant 5 stars?
B000000P17|4.0|Over the last seven years, one of the gratest rock bands has not released a new album.  Before they stepped out of the lime-light for awhile they left there fans a treat.  The Spagetti Incident was only intended to show  how versitile the group was.  They had to make us all remember where they  came from.  The songs, although are not original, all have a GN'R feel to  them.  This album was made to pay tribute to the bands that influenced, and  inspired the members of GN'R to become the musicians that they are today.   In a way this album has become a return to their roots type of thing that  has left the true GN'R fan happy.  Happy to see that after Use Your  Illusion II the band had some humbleness left in it, and to remember that  they are not the creators of Rock, just the current God's.<br />Overall i gave  this album a 4/5, the only reason they didn't get all of the stars is due  to the lack of original material.  Buy this album and you will feel the joy  of hearing GN'R with some good songs and excellent guitar play, with Duff  playing the bass like only he knows how.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie available on DVD today. It should of been at least nominated for an award. Special effects are amazing. Sound track, sweet!
B000002LK1|5.0|This is without a doubt Depeche Mode at its finest, this album is work of art. At times dreamy and melodic as in songs like &quot;waiting for the night&quot;, then it's a total turn around on beat heavy songs like  &quot;personal jesus&quot;. This is probably the best album of the last 20  years, there's never a moment where the songs or the production of the  album is weak, never a dull point.with such songs as &quot;halo&quot; and  &quot;world in my eyes&quot;, this album is a &quot;must get&quot;.
B0000042HV|5.0|If you're looking for: - the complete string quartets; - good sound quality; - an interpretation that is not cold or analytical,   but with a nice balance between technique   and emotion, this is the box to get, for a  very nice price !
0385495315|5.0|This was a great book.  It may be slightly less entertaining if you are an expert in the subject matter -- it's definitely written for the lay person.  However, having an interest in science, history, and math (but a degree in  lit not a background in cryptography) I found this a page turner.  I  particularly like Singh's side trips into ancient languages and quantum  physics.  Even a relatively minor explanation of light theory was enough to  make me call a friend and read pages over the phone.  The appendices were  good! And an excellent suggested reading list is included.  If you're  interested in cryptography and don't know what to read, this is the book  you want.  It's a very good overview, clearly written. If you read  Cryptonomicon and liked it this is the background information to much of  that story.
0816725616|5.0|I am dumbfounded by the reviews that my peers have given Treasure Island.  This book is a masterpiece of children's literature.  It has everything one could hope for: action, intrigue, pirates, buried treasure...  What more  does it need?  I, too, read the novel for my class, but it did not put me  to sleep at all.  Instead I couldn't put it down and had to read by  flashlight after my Mom made me turn out my lights.  It was incredible.   Long John Silver is a creepy guy!  As for the other reviewers who are my  age, I hope you adults do not judge my generation by their ignorance and  unwillingness to accept anything without man eating dinosurs.  Treasure  Island is an excellent novel.
1558908846|5.0|Judge Dredd presents a believable and frightening vision of the future.  Maybe we are already there but don't know it.        The action is intense and first rate.  The special effects and timing are state of the art.     Stallone gives one of his best performances combining the toughness of  Rambo and subtle humor of Oscar.          This is really quite good science  fiction and also a good adaptation and improvement on an obscure British  comic book hero.  From Batman to Superman the diehard comic book fans have  never been happy at cinematic realizations of their heroes.  This is no  exception for them, but for the rest of us it is an improvement.        After reading the reviews of the usual anti-sci-fi- critics, the actual  experience was unexpected, and I was surprised that the movie really really  kicks. It is too bad that the critics write reviews about Stallone and most  action sci-fi movies before they have even seen them.  You will be  surprised.  This movie is really good.
6304711905|5.0|This movie is the best!  If you don't like westerns you should slap on your boots and chaps and go for it!  I never liked Val Kilmer, but after seeing this movie I like him a lot.  He was absolutely brilliant.  The  story line is awesome and there is plenty of action and good ol' comedy.   Who can ever forget the seen with Curly Bill getting high and shooting the  moon?  There are so many unforgettable scenes in the movie I could never  list them all.  I recommend this movie to absolutely everyone, I don't know  how to explain why, but just watch it, it is unforgetable.  Thanks
1568496982|4.0|I enjoyed this book - as I do all of Muriel Spark's books. Her writing is unique and intriguing and always thought provoking.  Miss Jean Brodie is in the prime of her life but it slips away as she is removed from her vocation  as a teacher.  This book asks an important question of each of our lives:  do we have *A* prime? do we really recognize it when it comes? are we  bitter when we realize it has passed? or is it the bitterness of betrayal  that tragically steals our prime from beneath us.  This book is present on  many &quot;classic&quot; fiction lists and it is for good reason. A  seemingly simple story, but very far reaching. Just as Miss Jean Brodie's  efforts as an unorthodox teacher reach her students in profound ways, this  book can ask simple questions of the reader and reach into their souls as  well.
6305750750|5.0|THIS SHOW HAS ALL THE EXCITEMENT, DRAMA, ADVENTURE, MAGICAL SETS, AND INTRIGUE THAT GEORGE LUCAS MEANT FOR IT TO BE. WILL BE A GREAT ADDITION TO ANYONES STAR WARS COLLECTION. IF THEY HAVE THE GOOD SENSE ANY WAYS TO BUY  THIS MOVIE. IT IS ONE THAT YOU CAN WATCH AGAIN AND AGAIN. IT IS AMAZING TO  KNOW THAT THERE ARE STILL GREAT CLASSIC MOVIES OUT THERE BESIDES THE DISNEY  GENRE. KEEP UP THE EXCELLENT VISUAL QUALITY GEORGE LUCAS YOU LITTLE  CREATIVE DEVIL YOU!
0684872153|5.0|Frank McCourt paints a perfect picture of his childhood in America and Ireland.  He got me reading again.  He writes of poverty, grief, and yet provides enough humor to keep you perfectly interested.  I would recommend  this novel to anyone.
B000002L82|5.0|Il n'y a aucun signe, aucune indication, juste un dtail d'un tableau de Fantin-Latour et la rfrence Factory 75. La musique de New Order n'est que le complment de Joy Division &quot;the bright side of your life&quot;:  phmre, joyeux et bancal.
6305750750|3.0|You can't tell a story with CGI alone.  Basically, what I'm saying is that SW:EpI had too much CGI effects and characters.  To tell an effective story, or film for that matter, needs good character development.  Even the  CGI characters got poor character development in this flick.<br />One could  not tell whether Darth Siduous was Sen. Palpatine in disguise or not.  You  couldn't get close to Qui-Gon for there was no history to him, just like  there was with Obi-wan in SW:EpIV, until he came back as &quot;force  apparitions&quot; in subsequent films that is.  Maybe that has yet to be  seen in Ep. II or III.  Even Darth Maul, the &quot;new&quot; villian had  minimal screentime.  <br />The only character that we could get close to was  Obi-wan, Yoda and Anikin, however there still wasn't strong enough  character development in this film along to give it that  &quot;stand-alone&quot; quality that the original trilogy gave.  Even you  knew what Lando Calrissian was all about at the end of  &quot;Empire&quot;.<br />I've only seen Ep.I once, so maybe my perception of  the film isn't as good for someone that's seen it multiple times.  Maybe my  perception will change once my Widescreen Box-set arrives on my front door  sometime next week.
B00000J7S8|5.0|What a voice!  This woman can sing!  I bought this cd after hearing Diana sing at the Grammy's. Honestly, I'd never heard of her before. Her perfomance on the Grammy's left me wanting more which is exactly what I got  when I purchased this cd! If you're looking for something smooth, relaxing  and soothing, look no further! Buy this cd! You will not be  disappointed!<br />One more comment.....Jazz is not my usual genre of  preference but I appreciate talent and ability. Diana has an angelic voice.  I will be purchasing more of her work in the future!
B00000J7J4|1.0|this is the worst album i've EVER heard... i have to listen to the monotonous 'smooth' at my work every 2 hours(no joke). i am sick of it and santana has no talent. i wish he would stop making albums soon....and he  didn't deserve any of the grammy awards he &quot;won&quot;. the only reason  he received the awards is because he is an old, washed up musician and  people feel sorry for him. he needs to take lessons from brittany spears!  she knows how to rock!
B00004RE7C|2.0|I have around 60 DVD's and I am a Star Trek fan but I will NOT buy any Star Trek DVD's until Paramount starts providing extras as other studios do.What about some 20 minute documentaries(you do have them as I have seen  them),some interviews,directors comentary,20 minute special effects  documentaries(Paramount has them too)?Not good enough Paramount.You make a  lot of money out of ST fans but you give very little in return.
0792836014|3.0|The dvd engineers could have put much more effort into this. Visually, it's not bad, but, not great either. To attempt to really hear this, you have to put the volume at such a high level it's distorted. The hiss can't  be removed even when you turn the treble and front mid levels way down.  Don't try to blast this, you'll only damage your speakers . I bought it  because it's Elvis. For the non-diehard fan, I say hold off buying this and  send complaints to MGM with the rest of us. We deserve a remastered version  asap. Even for 70's audio equipment, this is pretty bad. An easy five star  dvd if the audio was better.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I've found Fiona Apple is an artist unlike any other, a style far from the usual radio yunk that surround us every day, she sure is an escape from that. I have perceived, in her music, references to the greatest, and from  my point of view she's the real one who's standing upon the shoulders of  giants; in the &quot;Pleasantville&quot; Soundtrack she made a very fine,  very beautiful version of John Lennon's &quot;Across The Universe&quot;.  Fiona Apple and Boys II Men are the only artists in the world who has made  Beatles' songs versions better than the originals. And in this new album,  the track &quot;A mistake&quot; reminds me Beatles' &quot;Helter  Skelter&quot; (Anthology 3 Version). It is sure remarkable that aside from  &quot;Across...&quot; and &quot;Please send me someone to love&quot;, she  looks like she only has performed self-composed songs, and not only this,  &quot;When the Pawn&quot; is prettier that &quot;Tidal&quot;,and that means  that she gets better with every new album.
0783240503|2.0|&quot;Joseph&quot; is a great show and this video definitely does not do it justice. First of all what were they thinking when they cast Maria Friedman as the Narrator?  She's..... bad. She doesn't even come close to  comparing with Laurie Beechman, Kelli Rabke, and Janet Metz of the Cast  albums.  She's vocally weak, and breathy. This role is a demanding belt  role. I don't know what she did to the infamous &quot;LETTING OUT A MIGHTY  ROARRRRR! &quot; of the &quot;Potiphar&quot; song which is the biggest and  loudest belt part that the Narrator has, but Maria... I dunno what she did.  And &quot;Pharaoh's Story&quot; she holds back way to much (Listen to any  of the Cast recordings, and for you die hard Joseph fans you know what I  mean). I was extremely disappointed with her performance. I guess the  casting agents wanted a big london star. Why not RUTHIE HENSHALL?  Or  JOANNA RIDING?  They would definately do it justice. Or how about the  Americans ALICE RIPLEY of KRISTEN CHENOWETH?  I just don't know what they  were thinking. Also, the ensemble cast was weak. And the Camera work was  horrendous!  The children were so corny in the numerous cheering scenes. I  dunno. I was waiting for a great video for over a year and this is what I  got. Not happy at all.
0812505085|1.0|Treasure Island, this classic novel by Robert Louis Stevenson, is filled with literary devices and suspense that keep the reader interested until the end. This irresistable book is a must read for all people who love an extraodinary, intense, and action filled novel. This book was the worst  book I read.      &quot;Cries and confusion, the flashes and reports of  pistol shots, and one loud groan, rang in my ears.&quot;  this magic three  that was used in the story gives the reader and idea of what was going on  through Jim Hawkins's eyes.
B00002E233|4.0|This movie was a very good movie.Samuel Jackson did a great job I would say its like Jaws 5.It totally reminded me of Jaws.Good acting.
0812505085|4.0|In this classic 1883 novel, Treasure Island, is the story of a boy named Jim Hawkinsis following a treasure map that could lead to treasure or danger. {In the story, you can tell how the setting and the use of character traits make it a good book to read and a fun book to amagine.}     In this book, if there was no setting there would be no book! &quot;that  was, at least; and befor noon to my unexpressable joy, the highest rock of  Treasure Island Had sunk into the blue round sea.&quot; At this point the  dotor and Jim had found the treasure and are leaving the island.      Without charcter traits there would be a tastlessness to the story. &quot;I  remember him as if it were yesterday as he came in plodding to the inn  door, his sea chest following behind him in a hand barrow; a tall, strong,  heavy, nut brown man.&quot; this makes you picture what he looks like. it's  like you are looking right at him.     Jim was my favorite character in the  book because he was very coragous and smart, and his personality made the  story seem like you were living it. with th euse of terrific character  traits and very desciptive setting you can see how without them, the book  wouldn't be so intriguing
B00002MZ2C|5.0|RATM is the best band on the planet today.  A fusion of old school rap, political activism, trippy metal licks and pure anger fuels this band's sound.  RATM may not be the most musically talented band that has ever played, but they certainly have more attitude and direction than all the  posers in the genre (Limp, Kid Rock, etc.)  Battle of Los Angeles is a  fabulous album.  Guerilla Radio is the song of the year (not that rehashed  Santana garbage.)  War Within a Breath succintly captures this country's  attitude on destruction.  Born of a Broken Man discusses the lost youth of  the inner city.  Every song on this album is well written and is  accompanied by unique and hard-hitting musical compositions. Get this  album.  It will expand you musical horizon.
B00001PE4D|4.0|I like movies that are fun especially the ones that are based on great literature. Cruel Intentions is based on a classic story reset in modern times- but still manages to play like a period piece, which is what I loved  the most about it. I loved the posh settings, the over-dressed characters  and the overall look of this movie.  Even the story interpretaion is more  accurate (except for the ending) than I had first expected. My only  complaint is that with the exception of Witherspoon and Blair, the acting  is a bit strained.  I am a fan of Phillipe, I liked him in 54 and  Homegrown, but in this one, it seems he was a bit unprepared to play such a  deep character. And I can't buy SMG as Kathryn, she's too goody-goody  looking.  Other than that, this is a must see, if anything, just for the  great story.
6304602979|5.0|One of the most underrated films in the last 20 years.  The film has the best casting of any film in recent memory.  Three separate plots (twisted as they may be) all tie together in a climax you will not soon forget.  SEE  THIS MOVIE TODAY!
B00001PE4D|4.0|I like movies that are fun especially the ones that are based on great literature. Cruel Intentions is based on a classic story reset in modern times- but still manages to play like a period piece, which is what I loved  the most about it. I loved the posh settings, the over-dressed characters  and the overall look of this movie.  Even the story interpretaion is more  accurate (except for the ending) than I had first expected. My only  complaint is that with the exception of Witherspoon and Blair, the acting  is a bit strained.  I am a fan of Phillipe, I liked him in 54 and  Homegrown, but in this one, it seems he was a bit unprepared to play such a  deep character. And I can't buy SMG as Kathryn, she's too goody-goody  looking.  Other than that, this is a must see, if anything, just for the  great story.
6304602979|5.0|One of the most underrated films in the last 20 years.  The film has the best casting of any film in recent memory.  Three separate plots (twisted as they may be) all tie together in a climax you will not soon forget.  SEE  THIS MOVIE TODAY!
6305750750|4.0|I had watch this movie 3 three times and enjoyed it verymuch. The special effects were splendid. However, the movie plot didnot satisfy my taste.  Maybe because it is the first episode. I can not wait for the other to come out.
B000001ESP|1.0|...to protect oneself from the Pearts and Portnoys of this world. Only buy this album for the \\"great drumming\\" if you like your drumming busy and soulless.
630508999X|1.0|This is the worst sequel Ive ever seen!  It is SO not scary! Inever liked the scream movies, but the first one is a lot better than this one. The only thing good in this movie is that it is full of suspence, but thats it.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Great, a masterpiece. In-describable.
B00000C28M|1.0|I don't even give it one star ( i had to give it one according to the format). Any truly knowledgable and sensitive listener knows that Gould is 99% of the time a musical joke.
6302914191|5.0|Where do I begin? There are no definable words to describe this amazing achievement in creativity. There never has, and never will be any piece of American culture(music,film,TV,ART)anywhere near this in terms of genius.  The whole atmosphere is just the way I picture the afterlife(heaven?) to  be. Agent Dale Cooper is the best character in the history of TV. Laura  Palmer's death and the investigation of it are completely enthralling on so  many levels. Every character in their own way is  unique,funny,scary(BOB),beautiful and perfect. The accompanying soundtrack  is absolutely hypnotic. At the risk of sounding like an obsessed freak, I  must have watched this whole series at least 30 times,and still look  forward to it every week. I rarely watch network TV any more, because this  series has spoiled me beyond belief. The  X-Files.........PLLLLEASE!  If you're waiting for the next  great network TV drama, that compares even remotely to TWIN PEAKS,you can  commit suicide right now...........BECAUSE IT AIN'T COMING FOLKS!
6304118392|5.0|NBK takes you on a fantastic cinema journey on the roller coaster of modern day, tv-mania, media-hyped shallow society. Its great man!  Some hate this movie and some love it. I, for one, absolutely loved it. Oliver  stones most original piece of movie history. Buy it!
3895080799|5.0|This book was well written and it was realistic.  In the sense that this fiction book with it several stories could have happened in real life. I expecially liked the story of 'Strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde'.   It showed that everyone could have a dark side waiting to come out if given  the chance. I give it 5 stars out of 5 for originality and for the joy of  having read it.
068485743X|5.0|I completely disagree with the Iowa reviewer --  this book provides the most methodical approach to self-editing I have ever encountered.  END
0783240287|5.0|The best production of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat that I have seen!
B000001Y5J|5.0|Sometimes, just sometimes,  it just feels good to feel angry.  Trent takes this ideology to a level of audio bliss.  The master of self-destruction once again explodes with this life-loathing CD.  Trent's utilization of  techno-gothic, hard rock cleaverly intertwined with original,  power-inducing, lyrics is almost therapeutic.  One can't help but to feel  better knowing someone out there feels a little lost at times too.  To  those  who need an outlet, this is a good one to have on tap.
6305807086|5.0|It's the rarest occurance for me when I walk out of a movie theatre and can't wait for the film I've just seen to come out on video but that's how I feel about Being John Malkovich.<br />I feel like my entire life is just  passing time until my preordered BJM DVD from Amazon gets here.   Inventive  and hilarious can't begin to describe this film.  Sure, there are questions  that the whole scenario brings up and does not answer but, hey... in a  world where Titanics and Phantom Menaces are made and praised, this is a  more than welcome change.
B000002KIE|5.0|this is the record that changed the music world.  an inspiration to almost any rock band out there today.
6300214540|5.0|This is the BEST movie! If you have never seen it you are missing out BIG!<br />I rented the movie after playing the computer game (it's great too.) Anyway, when I heard that there was a movie for this great game I just had  to see it, and I wasn't disappointed! This movie has lots of action, great  funny parts, and some romance. I finally broke down and bought the movie  and have watched it more time then I can count!<br />This has been my favorite  movie for years, rent it, watch it, see what you think!
B00000DMJF|5.0|This is easily the greatest album of all time! Its 30 songs are some of the most influential in the history of popular music. &quot;Back In The USSR&quot;, &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot;, &quot;Ob-La-Di,  Ob-La-Da&quot;, &quot;Cry Baby Cry&quot;, &quot;Birthday&quot;,  &quot;Happiness Is A Warm Gun&quot;, &quot;Everybodys Got Something To Hide  Except For Me And My Monkey&quot;, &quot;Helter Skelter&quot;, and  &quot;Dear Prudence&quot; are the albums biggest hits.  Once again, John  Lennon proves to the world why he is the greatest artist, and songwriter,  in the history!
B000003TA4|5.0|you really need to like this kind of music. but if you do, this cd has a lot of good songs on it, and they aren't all screaming and shouting like so many people make this sorta music out to be. and it doesn't all talk about  how great they're girlfriends are, and all about &quot;love&quot; and  stupid things like that.catchy tunes and good lyrics, although i do admit  that a few songs are a little out there, the good songs far outwiegh the  bad stuff. and, i do try and keep an open mind about things like this.
B000001Y79|4.0|I bought this after hearing Don't Speak, which is still my favourite song on the album. And I'll admit, when I first listened to the CD, my initial reaction was &quot;weird&quot;. But I always give a CD a second chance, and  as I listened to the songs again, they really began to grow on me. Now  they're almost addictive, and I frequently find myself humming one of the  many songs which I love. It is now one of my favourite CDs and I have since  went on to buy other No Doubt albums too. I have about 7 favourites, but  only one song which I don't like (world go round) which is pretty  impressive. Also, the songs cover a very wide range, which means it covers  a wide range of tastes.  There should be at least one song which you love.   But probably more.
0345403959|5.0|This is probably one of the best books I've read. Surpassed maybe by Polgara the Sorceress. This book introduced me to the world invented by David and Leigh Eddings, and I've read every other book by them since.  Belgarath is so incredibly well written that at times I found myself  cracking up, usually while at school. Other times I wanted to cry, the  characters are described so well that I find myself feeling what they feel,  and hoping what they hope. Even though the paperback version has around 800  pages, I can read it in a weekend if I really get into it.
B000002U6E|3.0|This CD features a number of good songs but they don't gel into a very cohesive album. The singing Indian is very cool in &quot;Return to Innocence&quot; but he gets a little old when he can be heard in the  background of &quot;Silent Warrior&quot; just two songs later.  That put a  gimicky spin on the whole thing that nearly ruined the whole CD.  They  should have used him on the hit and just left it at that.  &quot;I Love You  ... I'll Kill You&quot; is probably the best song.  It leaves you cold when  it's appropriate to do so.  Overall, I thought this CD could stand a bit  more intensity.  It seemes to lack a certain humanity that was right in its  grasp, but slipped away.  I couldn't help feeling that the production was  overseen by robots or something.  A few excellent songs, though.
B00003CXAR|1.0|Come on. Why do people consider this a classic? Why do people consider this good?<br />I've watched it so many times, trying to find a redeeming quality SOMEWHERE in it, but I just can't! And it frustrates me how people  proclaim it a great movie and a classic, and it's a terrible movie! Of  course, I realize this is just my opinion, and I'm not masquerading it as  anything more, but come on, now. Why is it so great? Why is it so  suspenseful? I just don't get it.<br />At least 'One Flew Over the Cuckoo's  Nest' beat it for Best Picture.
0783240503|5.0|What an astounding cast of characters!  This video is a gem...so much fun!  Donny Osmond's &quot;tongue in cheek&quot; performance is not to be missed!  His vocal range is not to be believed, forget the coat....HE is  amazing!
0790705141|5.0|Throughout Kubrick's creative life as a filmmaker he was drawn to using pre-existing music as an ingredient to heighten emotional effect. Most strikingly his use of Johann Strauss and Richard Strauss in &quot;2001  Space Oddessy&quot; amongst others has given this element popular appeal  and been a memorable aspect of his works power. In &quot;The Shining&quot;  Kubrick use the music of Bella Bartok, Gyorgy Ligeti and Krzysztof  Penderecki in a more precise and detailed way than in his previous films.  The music here cannot in any way be regarded as a film score in the  traditional sense. The music by the three composers aforementioned are well  established and parts of the contemporary orchestral repertoire, and were  written with no connection what so ever to Stanley Kubrick's film. It is  unlikely that anything other than a small minority of filmgoers would be  familiar with the music of Ligeti or Penderecki, and so would not recognise  immediately, if at all. that this work exists successfully in itself in its  own right. It sounds very much like an ordinary successful film score with  the usual subliminal and emotional effect that a composed score is designed  to produce. Kubrick's use of Bartok is however a little more risky in this  effect. Though not a popular piece of classical music it is one which a  good many people would be familiar with. It is a masterpiece of 20th  century musical composition. It is probable that Kubrick was aware of this  in his credit of the pieces full title at the end of the film, which he  fails to make with regards to Ligeti or Penderecki. The Bartok piece here  in question is his &quot;Music for strings, percussion and celesta&quot;.  It was written in 1936 and has no programmatic element. As a music lover,  it is likely that Kubrick would have been very familiar with this piece.  Bartok's music has a particular sound world which comprises a number of  elements, particularly in the third movement of this piece which is a fineexample of what is known as his &quot;Night Music&quot;. The Night Music  often made up the intense slow movements of his most important works,  particularly his string quartets, regular features of which are atmospheric  special effects produced by string instruments (Glissandi, Pizzicato,  Harmonics and Tremolos) which contribute to a feeling of dreamlike  unreality. This music has often been described as &quot;nightmarish&quot;  or &quot;supernatural&quot; in its effect. It is likely that Kubrick was  drawn to this expression of psychological darkness as part of his creative  process. Ligeti and Penderecki have also developed the use of these musical  techniques in their own work using Bartok as an antecedent thus making  their music relevant and organic as the score to this film. The composition  of a film score is normally the very last creative part of a project. A  film composer would compose music timed, frame by frame, second by second,  to an existing edited version of the completed film, which impose  particular limitations upon the artists creative expression. No such  limitations however were imposed upon the composition of the music already  mentioned, which reflects in its complex quality, so in choosing  particularly the Bartok, Kubrick would have to reverse the process and  create much of his film around an already established dramatic concept. In  a documentary film &quot;The Making of The Shining&quot; by Vivienne  Kubrick, there are examples of rehearsal and shoots where the actors are  audibly aware of the music that they are acting with. In this sense Kubrick  could be described as a choreographer and his actors as dancers. It is  likely that Nicholson and Duvall would have familiarised themselves with  the music in order to better time certain actions and lines and rehearsed  intensely in order to achieve the precision required. There are several  examples of this precision which could not have been achieved in any other  way and are beyond coincidence: the swiping out of paper from Jack's  typewriter; Jacks waving of hands through the hotel corridors; the  punctuation of Danny's question to his father in the bedroom; Danny's  ice-slide from the bathroom window (illustrated with help from Penderecki's  Glissando, itself a slide on string instruments). These are just some  examples of the relationship between the actors and the music. In other  parts of the film the relationship is between film editor and music and  would have been achieved in the editing studio. The whole general effect of  these techniques is one of precision and power and must certainly have been  a fundamental element of Kubrick's entire creative process in this project.  It was a unique and original way of working with film. As a result of this  process Kubrick was able to produce scenes in relation to particular  sections of music which look very much like tableaux, like scenes from  ballet. The emergence of the ghostly nude woman from the bath in room 237  to Penderecki's music is a particularly fine example of this choreography.  Kubrick's choices, understanding and directional mastery with regards to  the music make these techniques absolutely successful in their effect.  Without this musical element &quot;The Shining&quot; could not have had its  full effect. The music chosen has a surrealism all of its own. When it is  heard the viewer knows that something supernatural is about to develop. The  narrative steps out of reality and enters its own dream world. Kubrick owes  a debt to the genius of his composers.
B0000028UK|5.0|I Would like to thank all the members of pearl jam and the people who helped to make this cd cause i feel so blessed and Thrilled Every Time i listen to it.  best pearl jam cd , even though They All Rock ( i dont Own  No-Code ). Check Out Rearview Mirror , Rats , Leash , Glorified G , Go ,  Elderly Woman Behind A Countar In A Small Town... Great songs , But The  Others Rock As Well.
B000002UA0|5.0|This album is great. However, it is important to remember that this is the beginning of the Pink Floyd and so its music should not be interpreted in the same way as later albums. All the elements of their later albums are  here but with Syd Barrett at the creative helm this music is perhaps a  little less accessible. Regardless, this album is an interesting  exploration into music creation. The highlight has to be &quot;Interstellar  Overdrive&quot; but &quot;Pow R. Toc H.&quot; is also great. Not what you  would expect after listening to later Floyd but this album is brilliant in  its own right.
6305126062|1.0|The Horse Whisperer was boring and I thought it was the worst movies I have ever seen. The acting was pretty good but this movie talks about a horrible mother who takes her bratty daughter on a long trip to Montana and  they meet this horse trainer who is good with horses but this movie doesn't  compare with anything with the title it only talks about horses and a lady  who is in her 30's being attracted to a guy who is in his 60's. That's the  only reason why I gave this movie one star because some of the scenes in  this movie grossed me out. They just should of named the title &quot;A  Beautiful Life&quot;.
1573227978|1.0|I did not enjoy that book as the story is very slow and there is nothing very exciting happening but throught the last 30 pages ! In fact, the stroy relates a paradisiac island and all its  advantages but has not meet my  expectations; I lived and travelled in various countries but I do not see  any point in living abroad stuck in an island where you do nothing but  fish, swim, eat, sleep, smoke and play football on the beach. The only good  point : it shows that even paradise can become devil, that there is no  perfect world even when you do nothing but lazing around, which is the  dream of many people : live in an island for the want of freedom and escape  from the outside world. I hope the movie is a little better : at least, you  still have the pictures, the music and the beautiful landscapes to keep you  entertained and awake !  It is not by reading that book that you can  increase your want for travelling; <br />whenever I travel I want to mix with  the people, the culture, which is just the opposite of what is going on in  that book; This is probably a book for teenagers who have seen the movie  starring Di Caprio and who wish to find the magie back into the book.
0060926317|5.0|My english is not the best, but, I'll try to express myself within a few words. I wish that every person on this planet reads this book with an open mind and an open heart. It is about life itself and the human being in its  most essential aspects. The author is telling her story in a very simple  way that seems very understandable. But, we need to open more our  perception to realize the very truth that is told in this true story. About  the madness of the present consumator society that has forgotten the  essential human values and keeps on in the worst direction of destroyng the  nature, and since we- the humans are the nature,to the destroying of our  own selfes. This book is also a reminder that the &quot;primitive&quot;  people, or tribes, as the occidental &quot;civilised&quot; man used to name  them, are the greates source of the REAL TRUE CIVILISATION. Because they  live and deal with the life and the truth itself.
B000002AZ8|5.0|when i first heared this cd i was kinda upset. i got it the same times i got VS and i just couldnt belive vitalogy can be so diffrent ( bad ) anyway , after 3 times i heared the cd i realized this is a great CD , A  Master-Piece. i guess it  hit me slowly. Songs like Nothing man , better  man , Satan's bed , Corduroy ... u can't ignore them. great one , very  highly recommanded  just give it some time :&gt;
6304493681|5.0|Actually id give the movie a six. Ghost in the Shell, is an incredible movie. Wonderful visuals and enthralling audio. the plot is very deep. a must see.
B000002O4S|5.0|Alan Silversti did the score to Back to the Future and I thought he did a great job even though if it wasn't John Williams. My favorite songs on their is Power of Love and Johnny Be Good. I have this soundtrack and I  love it. I am a big huge Back to the Future fan and I have all three, my  favorite one out of all of them is part 2. The rest of them are okay.
B000002PH1|4.0|After I got her greatest hits CD, I had decided to get all her CDs. This one was the first one I had bought(not counting &quot;A Woman and a Man&quot;) and I really liked it. Not only did I enjoy hearing the songs  that I was already familiar with, I also liked &quot;Should I Let You  In&quot;(partly because 2/3rds of Wilson Phillips, Carnie and Chynna, did  the back ground vocals three years before they became famous with their  1990 CD). I give it four stars because I can't remember the other songs at  this moment.
B000002KKS|4.0|...he merely brings a different mood to the mike. Instead of Ozzy's cold menace, Dio introduced a new, maniacal approach to this, the founding Death Metal band. Not to mention a bit of Speed Metal as well in the opener  &quot;Neon Nights&quot;. That song is an upfront statement that Sab's  stomp-stomp-stomp &quot;I am Iron man...&quot; was no longer their whole  shtick. As a result, the later sound with Tony Martin at the mike had to  cover both the Ozzy and Dio periods to keep both segments of fans happy.  What does that spell? A much less one-dimensional band, which a lot of  people would tell you is impossible for Metal. Yeah, so impossible that  Dream Theater's John Petrucci has incorporated it into the New Progressive.  And all because, years ago, a Metal group lost a singer to a solo career  and had to come up with a replacement. So much for the theory that Rock has  to meet certain narrow criteria or it ain't real Rock. Myself, I think  Rock's best characteristic is the way it can adapt no matter what comes  along to knock it off balance.
0805054375|5.0|&quot;Fight Club&quot; is an excellent debut novel from Chuck Palahniuk. Perfectly points out the monotony of everyday life and how people (e.g., the Narrator) can't find out who they truly are, how instead they hide  behind masks and stay hidden until they die. The yuppies of Palahniuk's  world create an underground boxing club from which an anarchist regime  (comprised of young men known as the &quot;space monkeys&quot;) forms. Very  good writing style, makes you think about your own life without realizing  it (also a breeze at around 208 pages--I topped it in one weekend). Watch  the movie, buy the score. Fear Tyler Durden. And remember: &quot;You  exercise every day to perfect your body...then you die.&quot;
0783240503|4.0|Just to clarify, this should be viewed as a music video rather than as a filmed production or a film.  There are inherent differences in technique.  As a music video, the sets and staging are dynamic, colorful, and  theatrical.  The basic integrity of theatre is present and overall this is  a fun video to watch.  There are a few racy costumes, a la Las Vegas.  This  is a great time for people who have not seen the live show.
0201633612|5.0|I'm a Java programmer who wanted to learn how to program OOP effectivly, but had very little actual experiance with designing and programming true OOP programs.  This book managed to show me how object oriented programming  could be used in so many ways, as well as showing me patterns that I could  use later.  For anyone that hasn't figured out OOP all that well, but knows  the basics, I think this book is nice.
6304119046|2.0|I'm always curious about the rabid Kanites who sit back and pompously declare that this is the greatest of them all. Especially the ones who rave on and on about the &quot;camera angles&quot; &quot;the deep focus  photography&quot;, etc. You are a really strange movie addict if this is  your sole criteria for naming a work &quot;the greatest of them all.&quot;  A truly great movie should make you FORGET the flashy &quot;camera  angles&quot; &quot;deep focus photography&quot;, the script. As several  perceptive reviewers have pointed out, Welles did a brilliant job borrowing  from previous great movies and then merged them into this one creation.  Maybe some of you rabid Kanites should try watching some REAL landmark  movies like Battleship Potempkin, Greed, Ben Hur, Son of Frankenstein, Dark  Victory, The Bare Naked Truth etc.--instead of freeze-framing every  &quot;cool&quot; and &quot;brilliant&quot; &quot;camera angle&quot;,  &quot;deep focus photography&quot; of this greatly over-rated flick.&quot;  Get some fresh air. Try some newly restored videos of silents. Don't forget  to watch &quot;the greatest of them all--Gone With the Wind.&quot;
0393312836|5.0|&quot;A Clockwork Orange,&quot; perhaps Anthony Burgess's most famous novel, is also one of my favorite novels. The classic film by Stanley Kubrick keeps the spirit of the novel, but read the novel anyway because  there are certain points not addressed in the film, especially the infamous  omission of Chapter 21 and a long sequence involving the droogs bribing  some old women with drinks. As for the summary (not very descriptive of the  novel or film but I like it), a young man enters a government-sponsored  rehabilitation program in order to curb his violent nature, only to  reemerge in society no different from who he once was.<br />I used to have  nightmares about this type of society. In respect of politics, the novel  has some very key points that the film (or any film) would have difficulty  trying to add in to the story. But it's a great book, with a particularly  odd writing style that uses a language called &quot;Nadsat&quot; (Russian  for &quot;teenager&quot;), a mix of Russian and English. Classic. Read it.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is GREAT!  I watch it over and over!  If you like happy endings, then you'll love this movie. It's got everything: romance, action, etc. I recommend it highly.
B0000026WD|4.0|M.J went for the more street oriented sound on this album  the results?  pretty good!  but!  there is no comparison to  his two finest albums Thriller and Off The Wall if you take  song for song  on this one  and the  ones that are mentioned.  Teddy Riley production and songwriting is top  notch here on this effort ..  but  cant  mess with  Q and  his  chief  songwriter Rod Temperton( of the group Heatwave)..  But what this album  does provided are some the slickiest, funkiest, party grooves  that should  keep people heads  boppin..<br />Fav.. cuts Why You Wanna Trip On Me,In the  Closet, Remember The Time, Cant Let Her Get Away, Dangerous..  most  of  the pop oriented tunes dont fare well  on this effort  with maybe the  exception  Black or White.. over all  a pretty good album  it has a place  as one of his best.. but by no means  it is his best dont come even close..  M.J.  be lookin for your new one
0767812778|5.0|A masterpiece.The performances are remarkable,the cinematography is the best you will ever see,the gorgeous scenery and costumes,and that amazing musical score by Maurice Jarre.Then there is David Lean the genius behind this masterpiece, He has made many great epics, but Lawrence will always be the jewel in his crown.I own both regular & widescreen versions Please, to really appreciate this film buy widescreen it makes a major difference.Of course to really appreciate Lawrence, see it in a theatre.Whichever way you choose any true lover of great film's should not miss what is truly, the greatest epic ever.
6305718954|1.0|All the hype over this being &quot; The exorcist of the nineties &quot; was one fat lie. I actually was looking forward to watching this one but the first fifteen minutes of the show passed and I was already  dissapointed. For starters all the information as far as  &quot;Stigmata&quot; phenomenon is absolutley false. That's just something  the no-brainer producers thought up, the exorcist was based on a true  story. The pace of the movie was really slow, so you kept on waiting to see  if there is any more to this movie other than watching Pat Arquette going  through this spiritual agony. Yawn...Well guess what? There is nothing  more. This movie was glorified by &quot; The Exorcist&quot; and that is how  it made it's money. In conclusion, &quot;Stigmata&quot; was a very poorly  done attempt at resurecting another movie, which has had tremendous success  in the 70's and still does today.
B000001FTD|4.0|The best from Anthrax. This one and Spreading The Disease are exactly what you expect from a band like this. I am the Law and Among the Living are ment to be classics.
