B004QK5N5W|5.0|its too high wish i seen it on the apple.com before i bought it other than the price its good for if you want to watch something on your tv from your IPad, IPod or IPhone.
B005OK81HA|3.0|This new Scorpions release is a mix of 7 re recordings of songs from their classic 1980-1991 period and 6 cover songs.  While the Scorpions have more than earned the right to do whatever they want, I find this release to be ok but unessential. First the issue of Re Recording. As the re recordings are of classic songs with nothing really new revealed in them, I say what's the point of redoing a classic? Take any of the first 7 songs, why would we want to hear them redone?  The originals are all classics in their own right.  Secondly, the issue of the cover tunes.  While Children of the Revolution and All Day and All of the Night really do rock hard and sound great, I don't feel like any new ground is really broken.  The covers of Across the Universe or Tainted Love really didn't do it for me.  In summary, I am not sure what listener this is aimed at.  If you are fairly new to the Scorpions and want some or all of these classic hits, buy one of the greatest hits that are available by the band not this. At least you will have the originals and you probably won't care about hearing some cover tunes by the band.  If you are a fan of the \\"classic period\\" of the Scorpions (The Mercury Records Years), and want something by the band, Pick up their 2007 release Humanity Hour One and if you are unfamiliar with any of the studio albums prior to 1978's Tokyo Tapes definitely seek those out.  If you are a hardcore fan that picks up everything the band releases, then you probably own this already! I personally don't find anything new here that is essential.  This will be one that will probably go on the shelf and probably not come out often.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game is quite addicting. T he graphics are really cute and it has a simple concept. Another plus is that its now available for free.
B000L3CHC0|5.0|Wow this is a nice watch! The face is stylish and functional. This watch is a great size for anyone, not too big, not small. The date is clearly visible as are the hands. I wore it to work for the first time today and was suprised that several people noticed it. I wear other watches that are more expensive and do not get any reaction. I am pleased with this purchase.
1594203334|5.0|I'm so happy to have read this book, even though there are plenty of things I enjoy about American parenting that I can't imagine giving up (breastfeeding without questioning my mental health, praise from my children's teachers.)  Druckerman is as thorough in her research about modern parenting in France as I can imagine anyone being.  She's the best person to have written the book -- it sounds like it took a lot of prodding for French parents to articulate what they are doing differently and only an outsider would have been able to see the differences for what they are.<br /><br />The reason I enjoyed this so much is because she is quick to admit where she simply could not do exactly as the French parents do.  If her kids never questioned her authority, never needed correction, never begged for snacks, I'd wonder whether this were all real.  But you'll hear about her transition from a certain kind of American parent to...less of a certain kind of American parent.  And I ended up liking her for it.<br /><br />Having said that, it's hard to relate to the Park Slope parents she writes about.  I don't see parenting to that extreme in my everyday life.  But there is enough truth there that reading another perspective on raising children feels healthy.  We can all debate whether this is \\"true\\" French parenting or, as I have, whether all American parents are as neurotic as those in cloistered areas in NY (they're not.)  Heck, we can even talk about her fitness as a writer (as another reviewer did) based upon an article she wrote for Marie Claire.<br /><br />But I think she did a fantastic job and I almost wish I could send her out to other countries to do the same sort of writing about parenting there, too.  Since that's not plausible,  I will just say I'd happily read more from her and I bet you will, too.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|this is a great app.... only wish I could access the Bible offline as well...but I like all the reading plans that are offered.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I had never played Spider before.  Have become an addict.  Fun and easy to play.  I normally get tired of these kind of games, but so far I'm hooked.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|I always hate waking up to the panic screams of an alarm clock. This app has a gradual alarm option so you are easily lifted out of your deep sleep. No more feelings of having a heart attack upon awakening. Very much a huge deal for me. Have recommended to friends.
1932100660|4.0|Very informative. Want to give this book to friends and loved ones.  Like that all claims are scientifically backed up. Like that folks that don't have as a science background can understand. Wish the author spent a little less time tooting his own horn. Literally brags about credentials, awards, scholarships, grants over and over. We get it. Your big in the field.  Don't get me wrong, I need to know the author is an expert for credibility so get that out of the way up front because I'd rather just learn about the subject  as it is truly critical and possibly life saving information.
B001TH16DS|4.0|I agree with Matthew that sound is an issue here, but for me it became a real distraction.  I don't know how they could have not caught the huge volume disparity between the music and diologue?  Other than that, the discs look and sound great.  If I had one more issue with the Blu-ray release, it's that the menu doesn't give you a \\"Play all\\" option for the episodes.  Again, if you want to watch all of the episodes on each disc, it becomes a tedious excersise in button pushing.
B001LRJH0U|5.0|Appaloosa is a great movie.  In days where the Western is a thing of the past, this movie opened the door for more. I wonder where is Appaloosa, Part 2?  Great cast, great story and loved the music as well.
0307887960|5.0|After hearing about The Dukan Diet from a friend who has had great success, I decided to try it.  I just need to lose 30 lbs to get to my goal (after losing 60+ lbs a few yrs ago).  The book came super fast so I could start it right away.  Being a former (and successful) Atkins follower I thought this plan would help me achieve my goal better than low carb plans would.  This book is easy to follow and explains everything perfectly.  I am now only 8 lbs away from my \\"True Weight\\".  I love this way of eating!  Its way better than the very restrictive and difficult to maintain low carb plans.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I don't know who enjoys this game more, my kids or me! A fun challenge for all ages. Tetris meets cut the rope.
B001U9BRNE|5.0|This blu-ray is 120 minutes of great entertainment.  This is a musical variety show, Vegas style, with an impressive cast of performers who do not disappoint.  Foster's genius as a producer is evident in all the arrangements.  The HD video and DTS audio are awesome.
B005I4JG80|5.0|It is not a how to on raising kids but does provides contrasting views on he we bring up children in America.  I starting using some of the approaches that the French use in raising children.  It works!
1439153663|5.0|All I can say is, \\"wow!\\"  Beautifully written.  So descriptive and such awesome characters, you feel as though you've made friends.  Hauntingly sad.  Sad to see the book end, and left me hungry for another one just like it.  Everyone should read this book.  It's a history lesson and a beautiful story.
B005JZBPHS|5.0|This product is authentic and complete. All the seasons of L Word in a convenient and sturdy case. Packaging was durable and the set arrived unharmed and ready to be given as a gift.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Great game, its Tetris with a twist. LOVE IT. A must-have game i am hooked, cant stop playing. Bag it is so much fun!
B0071QIN00|3.0|As tough as this game gets, there should be more checkpoints. It would be a 4 or 5 rating if it had better checkpoints
B005KN5AES|5.0|This is Riot at their best since ThunderSteel. They had a period of good albums but none like this one. Featuring the same lineup from their awesome ThunderSteel days, Riot is back and more alive than ever. No other band out there is doing this kind of power metal out there with the exception of Predator, from Ft Lauderdale. Predator's new album, Born In Blood and this new Riot album, Immortal Soul are by far the best new sounds for a new era of metal.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|i love this game sooooo fun!!!!! :) they have soo many games some are pretty hard but fun they as also expensive but this game is awesome!!!!!!
B006UG90RM|5.0|Look I don't get inspired to write or review much of anything for the most part, but I have to say that Van Halen's: A Different Kind Of Truth rocked my ass over to the keyboard with the inspiration to say \\"WOW!\\" Now, I do fit the age and demographic of the 80's era Van Halen Fan, but truthfully this Album is so good, I think it has legs that will rightfully earn them a new legion of fans!  David sounds great, Eddie, heck, he always sounds great but somehow he's raised the bar yet again! Always solid, Alex hammers the skins and then of course Wolfie....when your the son of Eddie Van Halen, the world expects chops and he delivers! Hey, don't get me wrong,I like Michael Anthony, but for Eddies son to step into those shoes and pull it off.....that's pretty cool.  So yes, I've bought my concert tickets when they are in town because if the band sounds this good recorded, you know the live show is going to be mind blowing!
B005ZUR724|1.0|so the game was getting an update today, and I checked every couple of hours, so I uninstalled the app. But when I went to reinstall the app, it says there's an error and to try again later, and its been quite awhile and still saying error
B0063IH60K|4.0|Great for when you just want to checkout for awhile, and a little challenging fun. I usually play when I just want to unwind and shut off mental noise. Its not too easy which is good, but it also doesn't require speed which relieves anxiety.
B000MKD9P6|5.0|Anne Hathaway acted very well. The story is very interesting. We learned to like some people and those who appear good turn out not so good.  I really felt for Andy how she was so taken in by the world of fashion. I also in the end liked Miranda even though she is quite mean throughout the film.
0545425115|5.0|Great work to the mysterious stranger who uploaded the text on this page!  The Book Description & Editorial Reviews are beautifully spaced and the Video makes a really nice touch to complement the text.  Way to go :)
0307957934|3.0|\\"Fatherland\\", \\"Enigma\\", \\"Pompeii\\" and now \\"The Fear Index\\", most franchise authors lure loyal readers with more of the same with slight variations. Robert Harris vaults centuries with his marvelous stories jumping around from Imperial Rome to wartime London.  Harris writes suspense, wonderful intriguing suspense, but I wouldn't say that he writes thrillers. In fact, after reading Fear Index, I know that he doesn't. High tech techno-babble isn't his style. Having a cold arrogant uber-man as a protagonist is not his style either.  If \\"Fatherland\\" is a favorite of yours and \\"Enigma\\" is on your book shelves, I think \\"Fear Index\\" will disappoint you. Donwload a sample on your Kindle before buying this book.
B0064NTZJO|1.0|What can I say. this Movie was the biggest disappointment in 2012 so far. so slow, so lame, poor acting at its highest level. such a waste of Talent & time..
B004I744AS|2.0|I dont like the dictionary. If you dont have WiFi and want to use the dictionary you can download a part of the online dictionary thats about 100MB. I only used the German dictionary, and even if you use it online, you wont find everything you are looking for. So, the search goes on for a good dictionary, offline. Anyway, when you search for a word, it does not only show the translation, it also shows sentences where the word is used in.
1612130283|5.0|I too read this on fanfiction. Great seeing all of these authors getting published and recognized for their work. It is a great story that I loved reading.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I purchased this app while mending from surgery, entertaining. You take the'product' and place it in a bag,simple, you think. Not when you must place 10 or more items and have to turn them, touch screen graphics need improvement. That is the challenge . Not bad for a buck, Happy Bagging.
B006ZBRMOU|5.0|Like the first two, this is another great book. Can't wait to read more from this author. Hope it comes soon!
B0064NTZJO|2.0|very dull movie. took for ever for it to get going few action scenes here and there . bad quality sound  for being a blu-ray.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|This is just as good as the first in the trillogy. A must read. Amazing to see how he changes just by her love.
B000UX6THK|5.0|After buying the season one and season two sets, I was at first hesitant in buying the Definitive Gold Box Edition. Let me tell you it is definitely worth it! Seeing the pilot in DVD quality was simply amazing. Some of my favorite features are Secrets from Another Place, exploring the shows origins. That definitely answered a few questions. The long awaited deleted scenes are really cool,also. This set as it all. The SNL sketch with Kyle, the documentary on the Twin Peaks Festival, and interviews with the cast are great and in depth. Now i just hope they make a Definitive Gold Edition for Fire Walk With Me. Then my life would be complete!
B0073LWEXK|5.0|The puzzles were interesting and involving.  Some were easy and some more difficult but all could be worked out logically.  I did have to use the in-game hints once or twice but generally only to show me the next step in the overall story if I got stuck.  The map is less than perfectly useful but other than that I really enjoyed the game.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Who knew bagging groceries would be so fun? As a former cashier at walmart I can tell you it isn't. But this game sure is! With adorable characters and many different levels and styles, it cures the boredom completely.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Multiple translations, reading plans, cloud based bookmarks ; it really is complete. A very nice app and the only Bible app you will need.
B000Q6GUT8|5.0|DVD is in excellent condition.  I do not have a wide-screen TV so I ordered the full-screen edition.  Packaging was good and delivery was prompt.
B0061QD82E|5.0|I don't know how the Disney people did it. This film is perfectly restored. No dust, no scratches, no artifacts, NO NOTHING. They must have worked on this 56 year old feature frame by frame.  Beautiful color, lovely story.  Every older movie should get this treatment.
B002JVWRAO|4.0|I currently love all of the supernatural shows, but will have to say after the first 3 seasons I feel it isn't as strong as it used to be. If you like supernatural you'll like it, but don't expect seasons 1-3.
B0064X7FVE|1.0|I have this app on some other devices and was going to add it my tablet until I saw the list of permissions -- including taking photos, and making audio and video recordings.  I do not see why it needs that permission, and refuse to give it, so no app.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|I love these types of games, and this is a great one for the smaller screen, with stunning graphics! I hope there are more coming.
B005UBNKZG|5.0|Purchased along with a Sabertooth 990FX motherboard and a liquid CPU cooler and have had no issues setting up system and running Windows 7 64bit. Have played some video games and CPU stays cool (between 40 and 45 Celsius). It has been my first AMD for quite some time, and I am impressed with the stability of these 8 cores so far. PC even suspends and wakes up reliably (imagine that). I would definitely recommend this processor for the PC enthusiast, or for anyone that's looking for performance.
0062082353|5.0|You see reviews here lamenting at the grammar or writing style of the author.  I thought that the man being first and foremost a SEAL, not a writer, did well with this book.  The story is entertaining, and gives a new glimpse at a life inside Naval Special Warfare, and the author talks about war in a new and personal way that gives the reader a more personal sense about the experience of war.  I think it his a bit irrelevant for people to be giving this book negative stars because of its topic.  I can understand the caution at praising someone for killing 150+ people, but you get a sense from the man about what reality is really like in war and as a SEAL.  I think that is invaluable in today's society where people are more concerned about their iPhones and little daily drama's, and are completely unaware what soldiers go through (or even the fact that there is a war still raging).  I gives this five stars because of its interesting view into a life most will never see, and suggest this for any potential/aspiring NSW candidates, or casual military enthusiast (or ignorant bystanders who wants to brush up on reality and ditch their soap operas and parties for a short while).
0307959856|5.0|n the author's note prefacing the story, P.D. James apologizes for involving Jane Austen's characters in a murder. She quotes Austen (from the final chapter of Mansfield Park)<br /><br />  Let other pens dwell on guilt and misery. I quit such odious subjects as soon as I can, impatient to restore everybody not greatly in fault themselves to tolerable comfort, and to have done with all the rest.<br /><br />James concludes her apology by saying<br /><br />  No doubt [Jane] would have replied to my apology by saying that, had she wished to dwell on such subjects, she would have written this story herself, and done it better.<br /><br />As much as I admire Miss Austen (and I have been a Janeite for decades), I must respectfully disagree with Ms. James. Her \\"sequel\\" to Pride and Prejudice, which begins some six years after the marriage of Elizabeth to Fitzwilliam Darcy echoes Austen's style so well that at times I had to remind myself whose work I was reading.<br /><br />Our story begins as Mrs. Darcy and her household are preparing for the annual ball in honour of Mr. Darcy's late mother, Lady Anne. Little do they know that Elizabeth's flighty sister Lydia (who, along with her husband Mr. Wickham, is persona non grata at Pemberley) is planning to crash the party.<br /><br />Lydia turns up at the Darcy's door in a speeding, barely controlled coach, screaming that her husband is dead. On their way to drop Lydia at Pemberley, Wickham and his friend Denny had a disagreement so intense that Denny had jumped out of the carriage and Wickham had gone after him. Hearing gunshots, Lydia had immediately assumed that Wickham had been killed and directed the driver to go immediately to Pemberley.<br /><br />I must confess to being somewhat disappointed that Lydia's husband was fine. It was Denny who was dead; being the only other person present, Wickham was charged with the crime. Such a turn of events caused all kinds of turmoil to this Janeite: is the admittedly immoral Wickham really capable of murder? The Darcys believe not, and set about to prove his innocence.<br /><br />One of the most enjoyable aspects of this novel is James' descriptions of life in the early 19th Century, and the amount of detail that she imparts about the day-to-day activities of not just the Darcys, but their servants, their families and their peers. The description of Wickham's trial and its aftermath is particularly interesting.<br /><br />Like P.D. James' more typical works, her paean to Jane Austen is well-written and -constructed, and completely absorbing. If Miss Austen were to read it, she just might approve.his innocence.  One of the most enjoyable aspects of this novel is James' descriptions of life in the early 19th Century, and the amount of detail that she imparts about the day-to-day activities of not just the Darcys, but their servants, their families and their peers. The description of Wickham's trial and its aftermath is particularly interesting.  Like P.D. James' more typical works, her paean to Jane Austen is well-written and -constructed, and completely absorbing. If Miss Austen were to read it, she just might approve.
0061969656|3.0|I've been a big fan of Cornwell's other Saxon Tales books, so I looked forward to this newest entry. This book focuses on the period around the death of Alfred the Great in 899, and I suppose in many ways it was necessary to make its pacing quite a bit slower than the previous books. History is really to blame, because as the novel details the period immediately before and after Alfred's death was, surprisingly, relatively peaceful, which doesn't suit our erstwhile hero Uthred any more than it suited me as a reader. Cornwell does an admirable job of trying to get Uthred into trouble, but overall not a lot happens. The book is of course setting up the events to follow as Edward tries to unite all of England, and I suspect that the series will return to form soon enough. I'd recommend the novel to readers of the series, but it's definitely not one to give someone whom you hope to turn into a fan of Cornwell.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|very easy to navigate and understand. helpful well in a hurry and convinient with italic bold and underline. bullet points and numeration is also hey helpful
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Awesomely addicting game! I love it, especially when I got it for free from the Amazon app store. thanks a lot Amazon you rock
B006PHD0RW|4.0|This app has great potential!  I would love to give it 5-stars; however, there are a couple things that need work.  [On my HTC Android Incredible] The touch turning feature has me grinding my teeth with its unpredictability--especially during the timed games.  Other annoyances are the games with instructions at the beginning.  (Very helpful, but not when repeating the game numerous times in a row.)  A &quot;skip instructions&quot; button would be nice.  And, the startup screen/loading the game takes a while.  I would love to change my review--I hope the developer can resolves these hiccups.  Aside from these issues, this game is a &quot;highly recommend.&quot;
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love the one click to move feature.  The screen rotation works flawlessly as well.  nice job on this game
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is very fun and keeps me from bring bored very good for teenagers and some of the games are herd but that's whet keeps it interesting
B00004ST9Q|5.0|Wonderful, love it.She is my favorite singer, now and always. The voice like no other, no one would ever be like her.[[ASIN:B00136NY7Q Whitney The Greatest Hits]]
0385738773|4.0|This audio book was darker and scarier than the first two.  This time you know you are reaching the conclusion and it starts to be hard to feel helpful after the other times Wicked has lied to the Gladers about them being done with the Trials, only to throw something else at them.<br /><br />As they find out who is and isn't immune in their group and who does and does not wish to get their memory back, it gets hard to know who to trust and who is doing the right thing.  How has the government let the world get this far, how have they not taken better precautions with the general population to avoid the spread of the Flare?  Is it all really for the greater good?<br /><br />Thomas is tortured too with how much he had to do with implementing the plan in the maze, how much is he responsible for, will he like himself when and if he allows his memory to be restored?  Watching friends sink into insanity I wondered how it was avoided for so long in the Glade.  If Wicked knew some of the test subjects were not immune, but were being put in this situation, how did they know that they would escape in time before the madness took over?  How long does it really take for the Flare to fully overtake a person?<br /><br />Without revealing too much, I have to say I was happy with the outcome at the end, it seemed like the best option after all was said and done, but I do hope that some of the other outcomes might end up being positive at some point.
B006W0QOF2|2.0|I wish I had my money back.  It was intruiging.  However I think perhaps my expectations were much too high.
0385534639|5.0|I really wanted to read this book, but the opportunity to listen to the audio version from the library came up and I took it.  I always wonder when I listen to a book if it would have been the same experience reading it myself.  I love that Jim Dale who read the Harry Potter books I listened to with my children was the narrator.  I have to say some of his voices sounded just like they did for certain Harry Potter characters and it threw me until I got used to it.  Another thing that gave me more trouble with the audio was the jumping back and forth in time, as some chapters are happening in the future or the past.<br /><br />I purposefully did not read much of anything about this book, not even the synopsis, so I could experience the story on my own without thinking about what other thought about it.  i skimmed a few blogger reviews, but that was it.  There was so much talk about the book that I knew I wanted to read it.<br /><br />The funny thing is my Ipod only gave me a very blurry picture of the cover and I thought the picture was a doll in someones hand.  When I pulled it up just now I saw that it was the circus on a hand instead.  I think the circus does become a character in the story so it is fitting my tiny image was what I thought was a doll or small child, a character in all of the action.<br /><br />I was reminded of the Hugh Jackman movie, The Prestige, and the other one with Christian Bale, The Illusionist, because of the time period and the performances of magic on stage.  There was something unique about each of the characters and even as they continued to appear and interact, new facets about them would emerge from the story.<br /><br />It made me wonder how much hinges on time and being in the right place, or wrong place, at the right or wrong time.  None of us can control time and things can be decided based on being late or early.  Isabelle meets Marco because her train is late.  Bailey misses the train when the circus leaves early.  Also, how much do any of us understand the big picture of everything that goes around in the world around us and how much are we just cognizant of our own little bubble of it.  Do we see how our actions reach out to others?  Not to the extent that Celia and Marco are effecting others, but there are ripples from all that we do that go outward farther than any of us can know.<br /><br />I saw when looking at some reviews tonight that many, many people loved this book and some others were less than thrilled with it.  I'm not in the less thrilled camp, but it did feel like a bit of a slow start to me, once I got into it I wanted to listen whenever I had a chance and listened to quite a bit today while I did a long run on the treadmill.  It gave me something to focus on while I was running and a reason to keep going as I knew I was very close to the end!re of everything that goes around in the world around us and how much are we just cognizant of our own little bubble of it.  Do we see how our actions reach out to others?  Not to the extent that Celia and Marco are effecting others, but there are ripples from all that we do that go outward farther than any of us can know.  I saw when looking at some reviews tonight that many, many people loved this book and some others were less than thrilled with it.  I'm not in the less thrilled camp, but it did feel like a bit of a slow start to me, once I got into it I wanted to listen whenever I had a chance and listened to quite a bit today while I did a long run on the treadmill.  It gave me something to focus on while I was running and a reason to keep going as I knew I was very close to the end!
0307888908|5.0|This is a very timely book for many reasons: as the business world gets more competitive it helps to understand how to make your way and achieve in the 'networked' economy. I have two daughters in college, and this book makes the perfect gift! Thanks so much for this book, it is a quick read a very insightful.
B00447G29S|4.0|Movie is great for the whole family  , I recieved it 2-3 weeks from time  ordered , which  was  within the time frame stated.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is the best book i have ever read in my whole life!!! :-) i wish i could give it ten stars! I couldnt stop reading it!
B004132HZS|5.0|Im completely and utterly 'Sherlocked' all it took was one episode to get me hooked. I would and have recomended this to anyone who is even the slightest bit interested in crime dramas and Sherlock Holmes. Benedict Cumberbatch plays the role of the worlds only consulting detective brilliantly. This is one of the best addaptations of Sherlock Holmes period. I cannot wait to order Season 2!
B0063IH60K|5.0|fun. no problems. easy to play with good scoring options. I like the Vegas scoring, good thing it isn't. real money.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|It's crazy how popular this book and Suzanne Collins' other books are getting right now. I love this book and really think it is life-changing. I can't wait for the movie!
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I LOVED this series of 3 books!  Once I started reading I was instantly hooked.  The story line was interesting and the characters were real and believable!  I recommend anyone I know read these books!  I seriously couldn't put them down!  I can't wait to see the story play out on the big screen! :)
030746363X|5.0|I thought this book was amazing! I loved the section on swimming. I was never on the swim team or anything, but I've always loved to swim. I've also recently done a few triathlons and needed some work on my swimming. I used some of the techniques and resources from this book and have never been swimming with less effort and FASTER.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app, always works well on Sam Fascinate. Nice to download offline and read without service or wifi.  Pls keep additional versions coming.  Love reading the truth. Nice to be ablee to switch between NIV, MSG, and KJV as well as others.  Thanks for providing.
0060594896|5.0|This was the first self-improvement book I ever read. I thought it was incredibly insightful and opened me up to the world of self-improvement - a world where you can actually achieve what you want, rather than just hoping for it like most people do. Thank you very much Jack for this amazing book.
B006OAB3ME|1.0|I thought I was getting some excellent rock and roll from this guy, only to be appalled  by this type of songs he decided to record. After listening to the first two tracks, I took an immediate decision:  trashcan,  or should I have buried it in a senior citizens  graveyard ?  Rated 1 star because its just not my type of music.
B006ZDS7CE|5.0|I never understood the negativity around her SNL performance.  Listen to the previews here on Amazon. You'll see what everyone  is talking about. Be prepared to be seduced. She's like a modern  Fiona Apple, remember her?  By the way, I bought mine on I-tunes,  and should have bought it here, much less on Amazon, almost by half.  All that said, this is an incredible album, every song, just silk perfection.  Give in to Lana Del-Rey.
0307956350|4.0|\\"The Expats\\" is about a pair of American couples living in Luxembourg as part of the expatriate American community. But these couples are far from ordinary; they hold concealed an incredible web of secrets and even secret lives. The protagonist, Kate, keeps secrets from his husband, Dexter; and who knows what secrets their friends Bill and Julia are keeping?<br /><br />Kate has never told Dexter that she is ex-CIA and worked in the Clandestine Service. But Dexter has his own secrets, and Kate is starting to get suspicious. The novel moves on from there, told in a series of short flash-forwards to the present and much longer chapters set in the past, until everything converges at the end, and layer upon layer of deception is revealed, with surprises right down to almost the last page.<br /><br />Author Chris Pavone paints a detailed, rich, and compelling portrait of Northern Europe and what life is like for transplanted Americans. He centers most of the novel in the tiny country of Luxembourg, known, to the extent that's it known, as a banking and commercial center. (I am myself of first generation Luxembourg descent and so found the author's descriptions and cultural understandings to be deep and fascinating.)<br /><br />Note that I call this novel a psychological mystery. I use term \\"mystery\\" deliberately because the novel is billed as a thriller. It is not a thriller, at least not in the common usage of the term. There is some action, but it's very limited indeed. Most of the book is made up of relations of what Kate is thinking, while she takes what can only be called incremental actions to move the plot forward. There's a lot here about expat moms meeting for coffee, picking up kids at school, and going on extended weekend getaways to somewhere else in (usually) Northern Europe. This is all fine, but it doesn't make for a \\"thriller\\" per se, and it makes the first two-thirds or so of the book drag substantially. I found myself reading the book bits at a time, because frankly it was tedious to read it for an extended period.<br /><br />Still, I don't want to go too far down that road, because the prose is excellent, and the character of Kate equally so. Dexter's character could have used more detailing; Bill and Julia are what they need to be, neither more nor less. The plotting is solid with few obvious holes, a real accomplishment for such a complex work. The descriptions of how the CIA Clandestine Service works are believable enough and don't fall into caricature or exaggeration as too often happens.<br /><br />This is a good debut novel and certainly worth reading, though could have been tighter and better paced. I give it four stars for its many excellent qualities.read it for an extended period.  Still, I don't want to go too far down that road, because the prose is excellent, and the character of Kate equally so. Dexter's character could have used more detailing; Bill and Julia are what they need to be, neither more nor less. The plotting is solid with few obvious holes, a real accomplishment for such a complex work. The descriptions of how the CIA Clandestine Service works are believable enough and don't fall into caricature or exaggeration as too often happens.  This is a good debut novel and certainly worth reading, though could have been tighter and better paced. I give it four stars for its many excellent qualities.
030788743X|5.0|I absolutely loved this book. I'm a forty-something pop culture junkie who enjoys reading mainstream sci-fi and this book was right up my alley. The plot takes place in 2044 and society has descended into a dystopian nightmare. Most of the population has given up on real interaction and has instead moved into a cyber realm known as the OASIS. When Halliday, the elderly creator of OASIS dies, he offers his fortune to the player who can solve a series of intricate puzzles and complete a grand quest. Halliday's longing for a more carefree time in the 1980's led him to create all of the quests to some way involve pop culture and/or tech from that era. His character is obviously fashioned after Steve Jobs with a secondary character that invokes Steve Wozniak. If after reading that last sentence you substituted \\"Steve Wozniak\\" with \\"Woz\\" in your head, you are the target demographic for \\"Ready Player One\\".<br /><br />The story is compelling and would be appealing to any age group, but anyone who was a teenager in the '80s will have a special fondness for the references throughout the novel. If you were a bit of a nerd as a teenager in the '80s, you will undoubtedly find yourself reading or emailing passages to your friends from that time. I know I did.<br /><br />The book gets a little clunky towards the end as the author tries to move all of the characters to a satisfying end, but all in all it was a very engaging read.
B005K17RU0|4.0|I like this app I've. Had others and they don't compare you can look at the weather for yourself or watch a video. I like that feature. And its accurate.
B003V4AK8E|2.0|I loved the idea of this controller, but in practice, it was a huge disappointment. There was a noticeable dead zone when the controller was working. It wasn't much of a problem because the controller didn't work most of the time. After trying to get it to work reliably for a few weeks, we gave up on it completely.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I totally enjoy playing this version of solitaire.  It has given me hours of pleasure and enjoyment.  I find it hard to put the game down sometimes.
0684135051|5.0|This is my first Elizabeth Zimmerman book, and I see why everyone loves her so.  She is witty and practical.  She has good advice and techniques she has invented herself, obviously through longtime knitting experience.  I would recommend this book and hope to get more of hers.
B0063IH60K|4.0|A fun way to play solitaire on my Kindle Fire. I like to play to pass the time while traveling. one of the best free games.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Please fix this for ics... What is taking so long?  Loved the game when I was able to play it.  Freezes up after a few moments of gameplay.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|I love every part of this game its amazing and I got it for free app of the day so more and more a lot more fun I'm so good at it the first time I played it took a week then now less then 20 minutes best game ever if I had to I would pay worth it
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game is full of fun and hours of wasting time. I play this all the time with family has competition to see who could do the best.
B0078YX1XO|5.0|It was nice to see an episode focus on Chase's character. Also nice that we further explored that convent-history of Chase's and where he stands with it in the present. Falling in love with a sick person entering a convent provides the exact level of intimacy that character is able to max-out, perhaps as a stepping stone to further non-affiliated intimacy. It's a shame we won't see a ninth season.
B005TBWN0K|3.0|This game is ok but it will not let me save the picture I make!!!  That makes me mad!! lol.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is great! I love having the ability to view any translation as I study God's word. Our pastor uses the &quot;live event&quot; feature, so all the scripture in his sermon is laid out in front of you. Best Bible app ever!!!
0765322889|3.0|There is a profound intelligence behind this series. It's creators have invested thought, imagination and detail into it and have a fantastic world to explore. But the editing is hopeless. This book and series could be so much more if an editor joined in the process and told Erikson to do some things:  (1) Make sure his sentences make sense. I realize the book is supposed to make things dense and obscure. That's fine, I love to work for it, like Umberto Eco does. However some sentences were so obscure I was wondering if he was being deliberately vague. Then I realized the editor was rubbish.  (2) Stop making us guess. After we've been talking about T'lan Imass and Jaghut indirectly for a while, I get them confused. Please explain what these races are. Please explain what a Warren is. An Ascendant? At some point, please. I don't mind waiting for it, but to never be told and have to go to Wikipedia to figure it out to be able to understand the story? That's sloppy editing. Just a quick definition, nothing deep. Just a sentence? Please?  (3) Does everyone have to be an asshat? I'm fine with everyone having flaws - I don't ask my characters to be Christlike - but if terrible people do terrible things to one another, I'm not really worried about that. Who am I supposed to root for?  (4) Unrealistic Timeline. There are characters who are 300,000 years old who don't show much apparent wisdom. Either allow the characters to grow a bit, or shorten the timeline to something that doesn't make us scoff at how it can't work. Yeah, I get that this is fantasy and we should have imagination, but isn't 300,000 years a bit too long to not learn a darn thing? Mortals work side by side with 300,000 year old beings. This isn't rational and I can't get into it because it's unrealistic. I can do 10,000, but when it gets to 300,000, then why not call someone 1 million years old?  All of the above can be put into the 'different' category, thereby concerning personal taste. But the editor has been too much of a 'light touch' and hasn't worked to discipline their writer. The quality would go up if the work was more approachable. There is a difference between a well-constructed work and one that is hard to read. This is the latter.  However, every time I finish a book, I want to read the next one because I want to learn more about the world. It doesn't feel that the series is building to a particular climax, and that's fine. The world, with it's crippled god, vague warrens/dimensions and bizarre inhabitants makes me want to come back.  That is the mark of talent. A poorly managed talent, but worth exploring. I find the series more enjoyable if I skip the fighting scenes. I don't miss anything that way.  If you can get past the terrible format, it's enjoyable.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|David Tennant. Catherine Tate. Bernard Cribbins. It doesn't get better than this. And it didn't. For those of us bemoaning the cancellation of the Six Nations France vs. Ireland rugby match, or who need to escape this world for other meritorious reasons, accompanied by the singing of Ood, prepare to be mesmerized. Donna Noble is pitch-perfect as the right kind of gutsy companion, a real red-headed woman with attitude. No one can forget the wonderful, inimitable Bernard Cribbens as Donna's star-gazing grandfather. In \\"The Stolen Earth,\\" he declares: \\"It's gone dark. It's them aliens again, I'll bet my pension. What do you want this time, ya green swine?! You get back in side, Sylvia, they always want the women.\\" And the plump Adipose are a perfect story, working contemporary fallibilities with futuristic foibles. Of course, follow up with all the specials, especially the masterpiece [[ASIN:B002ZHKZDS Doctor Who: The End of Time, Parts 1 and 2]].
0393064476|5.0|You know that a book is going to be one of the bests when less than 10 pages into it, you are on the internet<br />looking for information referenced in the book!<br /><br />Need I say more.  If you have a book lust, you will enjoy this book.
B004EBT5CU|2.0|I just purchased this recording on CD and can only say that we haven't heard her genius yet sonically. This incredible artist deserves a proper recording which she hasn't yet received. Shame, shame, shame on the crappy treatment she has so far received at the hands of her corporate handlers. One day, this recording will be remastered (Mobile Fidelity ??? or who ???)and brought to proper light by a team that understands talent, sonic importance and art.  The amateur, crap team that was put in place to deliver this woman's songs and visions on this recording is an utter disappointment for her and for the rest of us who care about genius and its' appearance in our lives. I hope I live long enough to witness justice for the arts take place regarding this painting. Again, shame on you corporate crap manipulators and get the product to market quickly/cheaply financialists......
0307990788|1.0|I feel that P.D. James was not successful with her  book, \\"Death Comes to Pemberley\\". As a devoted fan  of \\"Pride and Prejudice\\" I had hoped that a contin-  uation of the lives of the characters, with the twist of a mystery thrown in, would be fun to read.  Unfortunately, the leaden prose, the dull pacing,  and the lack of any of Jane Austen's spark, made it  anything but fun. It was an interesting notion that  just did not work.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|some are easy so are more difficult...not because u cant figure them out but because they are frustrating because sometimes your pieces wont listen to your finger. I'm playing on a kindle fire. only get 10 games to start off with so you want to keep playing
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is a must read.  I couldn't put it down.  Glad my sister-in-law suggested it.  I bought all three on my Kindle so I didnt have to wait for the next book.  Puts you into a world you can barely imagine.  Good reading.  Terri
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I'm so glad I chose this cover for my kindle. It's been very durable. The strap does an excellent job of added protection.  I now have piece of mine if I have to put it in my purse!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I love playing it it is awesome the best game ever I love love love love live this game the best best best best game
B003UESJH4|3.0|received this DVD in great time, was plastic sealed, new; but when played there was a slight flaw with the disc and it would stall in the same place every time. Finally just skipped that scene. Was disappointing. :(
B0071QIN00|1.0|I think this is the worst game in the world the controls don't work some times when you tap a level it brings you to a game web site like wat the hek
1451627289|5.0|A rule of thumb for judging the worth of books is the extend to which the writing makes the reader feel something. This is especially true for this book. Sadness, anger, joy, warmth, empathy, all of these and more are waiting for those that read this book. A meticulously researched work of art!
0525421033|3.0|If I Stay Critique   If I Stay, by Gayle Forman is a novel about a considerably perfect young seventeen-year-old girl Mia, stuck in a ghostly state after being in a car accident. Her parents both died instantly at the scene, but her body and her younger brother Teddy, were both rushed to the nearest hospital. In this ghostly state, Mia has to choose between life and death and she uses flashbacks/ memories to help sway her decision. Based on all of the characters that come to visit her she one by one remembers her favorite memories of each one, helping her to make the decision.    Gayle Forman did a good job because she wrote about an intriguing topic that is not necessarily found in many books. It is a good, and I would recommend it, because it is a type of book that keeps the reader hanging on and always wanting to read more. It has a lot of suspense. In the book Mia, who is very close to death watches over her body in a ghostly state of being after she was nearly killed in a car accident along with her parents. Through flashbacks of memories Mia tells the readers her different stories of each character that comes to visit the hospital and why she choose to stay alive for them. Reflecting on each memory helps her to sway her decision at the end of the book. In my opinion this is a good way to design a book because it is not just straightforward text to read, it switches it up making it easier to read. Mia being in the state that she is for most of the book makes the story interesting and fun to read because it is not a type of state of being any person would be in after a crash. She makes it relatable and intriguing to see how each character is important to her. The way Forman designed the book helps readers stay engaged and wanting to read more making it a good book to read.   On the other hand the book is very repetitive making it somewhat boring to read. Mia, the main character, tells the story through flash backs and than narrates what is going on in the hospital, switching off back and forth.  Also having no set chapters makes it have a never ending/ concluding point. For some readers like me, they would find that rather boring because the story was just switching off between hospital scenes and flashbacks, there were no other events going on. This makes it somewhat hard for the reader to stay focused to the text as well.   Besides being somewhat boring, this best seller is a good read, and a book that I recommend to readers who like ghost stories with a lot of suspension and detail in description.
B0063IH60K|4.0|just bout the time I'm ready to throw my tablet ... I win a hand.  then I have to keep playing. cuz I just know I can win again.  Not! I'm hooked!
B004O3YGMC|3.0|It does work on my Droid Razr Maxx on the Verizon network. It does through direct wifi router access. Hope this gets fixed soon.
B004HEXSLI|5.0|After I had several TIA's, this book was recommended to me by one of my medical team.  It was a great help in learning what was happening inside my brain and where the circuits were located that were acting up.  Also the tips on recovering some of the functions that are lost will be very useful.  I bought the book for each of my adult children and \\"ordered\\" them to read it . . . as if I could do that!
B0063IH60K|5.0|It is just like the game on the computers. it is easy to use and easy to see. I really am happy with the game.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its easy good game, not much to it. Its mind numbing simple games. takes quite awhile to unlock all games.
0312427646|5.0|This book was a lovely light-hearted read - elegantly written, comic and yet sweet. Just the kind of book that one could curl up with in mid-morning with a cuppa and biscuits, finish by noon, feeling quite ready for the day with good wit and humor! One is quickly drawn into the story within the first page as the incongruous scene of a Queen in a travelling library is put before the reader. That awkward moment when the librarian is asked to recommend a book, the memory of reading a book one didn't really intend to borrow.. oh and a whole host of other such moments associated with book-love, all these Bennett calls on for his brief royal saga. This is my first encounter with Alan Bennett's writing, and I think I'm going to try more of his written works - his accessible, quietly humorous style is really quite endearing!
B005HV6Y5W|2.0|The part of the film which resonated the most for me was the middle part, the part which felt most auto-biographical. I thought Malick captured what it was like to grow up as a youngster in the 50's in Texas, and a son's frustration at not being able to satisfy his demanding father. I thought the performances of Pitt and his eldest son were terrific, although being a musician myself, it was a stretch believing Pitt to be an ill-fated concert organist.  Unfortunately, the rest of the film did not resonate for me, both emotionally and intellectually. The philosophical ideas seem superimposed rather than integrated into the whole. It was as if the director felt compelled to resort to a philosophical overlay to make sense of a troubled youth, a tragic family experience - denying a personal, internal pain by rationalizing it. This rationalization and the sections of the film relating to philosophical ideas, either individually or collectively, to the central part of the film, feel weak.  What might have been a small film of grace and wonderment becomes a film of grandiose arrogance - an empty philosophical tract, a 'given' which is never earned. The philosophical part of the endeavor is meant to make one awe-struck.  But Malick's didactical approach ultimately makes the film feel inflated, rather than enlightened (but the latter is obviously intended).  A lack of artistic self-awareness comes to mind when describing Malick's work in general.  Aside from this, montage can succeed at inducing an idea, an act. If a director is clever enough, over long stretches of film time, he can induce the viewer to connect the dots. In this film, the dots remain disconnected.  Malick can be commended for his ambition - not for his failure.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|The title says it all.  This an easy-to-use app.  It performs flawlessly.  And you don't need to be a techie.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|I was hooked from page 1. I couldn't put it down, and couldn't wait to see what would happen next. Well done!
B004VMUS9G|1.0|you can't change the sound and it isint loud. I true to change the sound but in the morning it is a tiney beeping noise. I ALMOST MISSED THE BUSS!!!!! DONT USE
B005ZUR724|5.0|this is the best game on my kindle fire but it takes for ever to get an update but its worth it
B0034JKZ86|1.0|I would actually rate the movie with about 4 stars, but when we opened the box we were surprised to find no DVD in it! I wouldn't believe it if I hadn't been the one to open the plastic myself. I was especially surprised to then find out I bought the movie directly from Amazon and not even a 3rd party seller. Very disappointing.
B003M0H4NG|5.0|Well, I've always been a Miles fan, so .... you're maybe wondering why I just got around to Bitches Brew? It's reputation led me to believe that I'd be let down. NOT SO! Now that I'm older and more experienced as a musician, I can understand where this is coming from and why. It's said that Coltrane died because he ran out of stuff to say ... He said a lot and and died too soon, but this attitude that Miles possessed to push the envelope is what kept him going. He always seemed one step ahead of the pack. I'm so glad I picked this up. I had just bought The Miles Davis Quintet Live in Europe 1967 and felt it was time. I have Birth of the Cool, Kind of Blue, Tutu, Doo Bop, and others, but not the Bitches Brew, On the Corner era material. I can see how Brew spawned so much; other styles, bands, careers. This package is fantastic with the extra tracks and especially the DVD. Can't recommend it enough ... BUY IT! NOW!!!
B003X2O6KW|5.0|Kanye has never disappointed when it comes to his solo albums, and this is absolutely no exception. This is the best album I've ever heard, and it's right up there with Illmatic and The Blueprint as one of the best Hip-Hop/Rap Albums ever.  1. Dark Fantasy 5/5 - Kanye starts on a great note with a nice original hook, his verses are as slick as they have ever been. Overall just a terrific track.  2. Gorgeous 5/5 - A very interesting yet catchy track, one of the more original tracks on the CD. Excellent overall.  3. Power 5/5 - A very hard chanting beat fits perfectly with Kanye's flow. This is one of the better tracks on the album.  4. All of The Lights (Interlude)5/5 - There is something wrong when you've listened to the interlude more than some of the other tracks on the album... that's how good this interlude is.  5. All of The Lights 5/5 - Incredible production, tons of great featured artists (except Fergie, she just sucks and ruins that part of the song.)  6. Monster 5/5 - One of my favorite tracks, but Nicki Minaj keeps the track from being the best on the CD. I can't stand her in this song.  7. So Appalled 5/5 - My absolute favorite song on the album. It's a slower beat, but its got a lot of feeling in it, love it.  8. Devil In a new dress 3/5 - This is the only slip up on the album. Easily the worst song here, should have been replaced with one of the other G.O.O.D. Friday songs like Christian Dior Denim Flow or Take One For The Team.  9. Runaway 5/5 - Love the simple piano beat, this just shows that Kanye doesn't need some elaborate beat to make a terrific track. One of the highlights of the album.  10. Hell of a Life 5/5 - The hard grinding almost dub-step style beat with the Iron Man chorus is actually pretty cool. At the end there is a really cool piano part that really ties the whole song together.  11. Blame game 5/5 - The most emotional track on the album, John Legend does great. The track really overstays its welcome though with an uninteresting, unfunny outro by Chris Rock  12. Lost In The World 5/5 - It takes a while to get into it, but once you do, its one of the more memorable tracks on the album. A very underrated track, Kanye does fantastic which isn't too surprising.  13. Who Will Survive in America? N/A - WTF? Don't know why this is part of the album, but I just ignore it.  14. See Me Now (Bonus Track) 5/5 - A nice little bonus to go along with the rest of the album. Doesn't fit great with the album, but since its a bonus track, its fine.  Awards:  Best Hook:  All of The Lights  Best Verse:  Kanye's part in Monster  Best Featured Artist:  Jay-Z in So Appalled and Monster  Best Song:  Tie: Power & Runaway  Worst Hook:  N/A  Worst Verse:  Nicki Minaj in Monster  Worst Featured Artist:  Tie: Nicki Minaj & Fergie  Worst Song:  Devil In A New Dress  WTF Moment:  Who will survive in america?
B001QB9H10|4.0|It took me until now to finally watch this. Went ahead and bought it on DVD, in fact, without knowing a thing about it. My excuse is the fact that I've been in a foreign country. But I liked the first two and was confident that I'd at least like this one.  The reviews weren't flattering, but as long as the fighting was good, the cast was the same, and the characters were the same I'd be happy.  The first few minutes really set the tone for me: The characters have settled down (fishing), and it's delightful to see them again. The fights are solid, and really feel pared down to their essentials. That was a bit of a shame for me, but the over-the-top moments abound and it's only a shame that they couldn't be stretched. But the movie is leaner for it, and still good.  Of those moments, it was the bit under the water that really won the movie over on me. That was a bit of fun that led to a chain of satisfying moments that happened to coinside with the ending. Nice touch all the way around. Lean and mean? The movie is very well put together.  Some of the shockers? Seeing Frank shooting felt wierd, but everything else played out well. And the ending? Totally feel good--though the idea that business would lose is the only truly out-there moment of the film.  Ah, and some of the unflattering things I've read here about the love interest? Don't know what the problem is with those people. She did a great job, is beautifully freckled, and mercifully loses the worst of the make-up by the end.  The movie only loses a star because compared to the first movie it pales, but for anyone new to the series and returning fans alike this is a solid film. Must buy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|hours of entertainment. It's awesome, lots of different games to play, and it never gets boring! deft worth the download.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I'm enjoying it. Some of the games are...blab. But others are amazing for wasting time. I'd suggest it to others.
B0064X7FVE|5.0|Like others I too was baffled by the lack of maps but it's there now and very informative. Much better for me than accuweather.
B002MQYOFW|4.0|The Hunger Games is a good read.  I enjoyed it, and am going on to the next in the series.  I has surprises and enjoyable narrative.[[ASIN:0545425123 The World of the Hunger Games]] I am reading the Kindle version, but the paperback would be a good choice as well.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|small compact and gets the job done. You are not going to find a better small portable light weight sharpener to quickly sharpen knives. there really isn't much more I can say as I sit here trying to think of something.
B000I0QLZU|5.0|This review is of the movie and not the blu ray version. Though I will say it looks great on dvd. First of all, I will agree that some movies should not be taken too seriously. Why should it, when the main character is a bit larger than life (physically and metaphorically) she sometimes went up againsat dinosaurs in the game, so why is this one so over the top or hard to believe? I've always like the games, because I have always loved strong women (not bodybuilder strong. i mean strong in character) Lara Croft is a kick ass chick with a brain. She's eye candy in some respects but she's not a girlie girl. She's strong, yet feminine but always one step ahead of her male competitors if they can even keep up. The movie to me captured the character perfectly. Maybe it deviated a bit from the game at times, but then again with each new game they tend to deviate from the established canon. And seriously, is there anyone more perfect to play Lara than Angelina Jolie? she embodies the same character traits as Lara, and she exudes sexuality even in the most mundane situations. A lot of times women in action movies do not get the same credit as males in the same genre, but Jolie deserves to be ranked right up there with Harrison Ford and Tom Cruise or even a Shwartzenneger or stallone. Actually I'm surprised she wasn't asked to be in the Expendables. She's a top action star, and to say that she was \\"lesser known\\" at the time of the movie is a bit misleading, she won an oscar and did some great films, and most fanboys already know about Gia (which I happened to bump into when I was flipping through channels on cable) so the choice to pick her was a no-brainer. I love how an oscar winner can still get down and dirty with the rest of us, she's not too hung up on winning an oscar that she feels that action or comedy is beneath her. This movie rocks. The special effects are great and remind you of the games. Just like any movie based on a video game or comic book, there usually areupdates/upgrades for the feature film, but I don't feel that harms this movie one bit. I think this is a great movie and anyone who is a fan of action movies or fan of video game movies will not be disappointed, and anyone who is looking for a serious plot and character development go read Crime and Punishment or Dante's Inferno. Action movies do not need to be overly thought out. We know she's a treasure hunter, we know she's the baddest one in the game and we know she won't lose, so sit back and enjoy and try not to overthink it.
145162445X|5.0|First of all, I am sorry for my poor English*  ------------------  After seeing Lawrence Krauss' lecture on Youtube (about 60 minutes long), I knew I had to buy his book when it came out this last Junuary/2012. Though it was written to give us knowledge and a better comprehension of our universe, I laghed many times while reading this little gewel of a book! Lawrence Krauss is very entertaining and very brilliant! I learned a lot about our universe and had a great time while doing so! :)  I highly recommend this book to all.  -Sebastien-
B0054JZC6E|5.0|so much fun and love the concept its so fun to unlock games and very. addictive. I cant stop playing
0618680004|5.0|English is not my mother tongue and I am sorry if my writting is not perfect. My level of compehension of English is good enough to understand 100% of the book, though :P  -----------------  I already was an atheist before reading this book and it didn't changed my mind about what I think is real or fiction in our universe. Appart for the intertainment, this book gave me a new arsenal of arguments against andoctrinated and brainwahed people who hate us, the ''non-believers''. I love Richard Dawkins' point of view of our society and I understand what he means when he says modern society would be better off without religions.  All in all, it was a wonderfull experience and I recommend this book to all.  -Sebastien-
0439023513|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read. I had to read it for a class and the book brought me in. It has many twists and turns. The book is very compelling to a reader that loves action books. It has a romantic story in the book that makes this book more compelling to many other people.  This book is a must read. This book is easy to read and is appealing to anyone. Anyone would love this book. If you don't you don't like to read books. Tit is a great end to a great trilogy, and the books all tie in together.   If you read the first two books then you have to read this one. It has a great ending to the trilogy that you could not predict would be the ending. It has many surprises that will make you wonder what will happen next. She may turn on her friends and join the other side. She might stay with her friends and fight for what she believes in.   Can she return home to her district after what she done there or will she seek refuge elsewhere. Who will she choose to be her lover or will she choose anyone. Maybe she will develop feelings for humans than just killing them off. Will the human race survive or will it parish forever?   I must stress again for you to read this book. It is a great book to read in your free time or for a school project.
0307888908|3.0|The cofounder and chairman of LinkedIn, Reid Hoffman, has written a book on how to present yourself in the modern job and career marketplace.  Turns out, surprise!, it's all about building and working your professional network, such as LinkedIn best lets you do.  Who would have thought?  There is some good advice, and some homework as well.  Although it's not necessarily blindingly original advice, the authors pause at the end of each chapter to direct the reader to take stock of himself and his career position.  List your assets, hard and soft; what makes you better than anybody else at what you do?  Is there someone you know who can help you play this up, multiply this benefit, help you in some way?  Vice versa?  Make a list of your fears, doubts, insecurities regarding your work and career, then get with three people over coffee to who has pivoted from one career trajectory to another.  how did they do it?  And so on.  The point is that no career is for ever; you have to constantly reevaluate your strengths, weaknesses, and always be looking for what may be your next move, fully cognizant of the fact that your next career may look very very little like your current one.  There is quite a bit on preparing to pivot to a new life, and getting over the fear factor (or comfort zone) of what you are doing now.  It's the new way things are - get over it and get with it, are the author's points.  And in the process of doing this, building and nurturing a support professional network is vital.  The authors don't really help you set one up per se, but encourage the reader to constantly be talking to other people, asking people for help, and being in their face in a variety of ways.  As career advice, there is nothing wrong with it.  Is it new enough of original enough for you to buy this book?  That is a question each customer will have to ask themselves.
0061743526|4.0|\\"Maycomb, Alabama, a tired old town\\"; the author began the book To Kill a Mockingbird; a book to read and learn about. In the Beginning, a family of three, Atticus, the father, Jim, the son, and Scout, the daughter, they are just an ordinary family with a father that is a lawyer and is trying to defend a black man. Jim and Scout do many things during the book: they get in some arguments, play games they aren't supposed to, and go place they aren't allowed to go. The book is full of surprises that will make you want to keep reading.  Atticus is a lawyer of a black man named Tom Robinson. Throughout the book there are things that involve racism towards black people. The have to fight through the racism to attempt to get his freedom. Tom was accused to take advantage of a girl named May Ella Ewell. The court will be tough to fight through; therefore, Atticus will have to do the best he can to give him his freedom.  A lawyer/father would be hard to do, but Atticus shows that he is good at both. He spends time with his kids and still is a pretty good lawyer. At that time of being a lawyer, Jim and Scout find ways to get them into some trouble involving the Haunted Radley house where to killer, Boo Radley, lives and never comes out. The book will have many surprises and things that will confuse you. Without a doubt, the book will be on to read and talk about
B005JABSB6|4.0|Why is Sharp still selling these so expensively?  If Samsung could launch prescription-ready active 3D glasses at a fraction of this cost, why couldn't Sharp?  For that reason, 1 star dissipates.  Back to this Sharp 3D glasses here, I didn't expect them to fit over my not-so-low profile prescription glasses that well and yet they do.  What a pleasant surprise!  They're light, easy to recharge via USB (from my Wii, not from my TV), and 3D effect, boy, the 3D effect is so prominent and realistic that they blow my mind away.  Last 3D viewing experience was at an IMAX theater watching Avatar, but what I witnessed here was so much better with fluid, infinite depth zooming (instead of the theater's fixed depth perception).  I love love love my in-home 3D viewing now.  But Sharp needs to sell these for around $30 with the option of retrofitting prescription lenses within them.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|My husband loved this game.  I made the mistake of showing it to him and lost my kindle fire for hours. Great work, kill pigs and time with one stone.
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I have dropped my Kindle and it was not damaged.  The felt cover works fine and the easel is easy to use.  Does the job for a great price.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|Great suite. Glad to own it as it has helped me finish papers on the go with more options than gdocs.
B002UNMW7O|5.0|Boondock Saints II is one of the few sequels that is as good, if not better than the first.  While we lost a couple of the memorable characters of the first film, the new characters more than held their own.  The plot is unusual and can be controversial, however, in our family, that caused healthy discussion.  There is comedy, violence, human error, very colorful characters,  religious beliefs, a look at media power and much food for thought and discussion. This is not a film for younger kids, but it's a treat for older kids and adults.  We enjoyed it so much we purchased the two films and we'll be spending St Patrick's Day eating traditional Irish food and watching the Boondock Saints I and II.  We've e-mailed the director/writer  and asked that he go with a third.  I highly recommend this .
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I was really hoping that this would have different video then Planet Earth and it does!!  I have actually only made it through the first two hours of the first DVD, but I am already so excited about this set.  The video and graphics are amazing and I have learned so many new things already just from the first two hours.  I really like how at the end of each hour (actually 45-50 minute) sessions they have a 10-15 minute blip from the videographers about there time filming those particular shots.  I will have to say though, that unlike Planet Earth where animals attacking and eating other animals was implied, these video's actually show it.  Some of it is rather gruesome and sad, but it IS the Circle of Life.  My 6 year old and 3 year old actually love watching this with us to and it definately gets them asking a bunch of questions especially during the hunting scenes but we just explain that if they didn't hunt whatever it is they were hunting then they would die because they have to eat too.  There have also been some mating scenes that I was worried about my 6 year old seeing, but he doesn't seem to get it yet so we don't shield his eyes from it (it's not visually apparent what's happening), however in a scene with snakes mating he made the comment, \\"EWWW, they're stuck together\\" and we just left it at that.  So even though I haven't seen more then two hours, I already am in love with this set and am so relieved that it doesn't have the same video as Planet Earth (at least so far) and that my kids can and do enjoy watching it and they have already learned things from it as well.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is a fun and challenging game!  it is almost fit for all ages!! my point is our purchase this game is it awesome! (:
B003Y5H542|2.0|I got this movie because my 5 year old said it was the best movie ever.  His grandparents had taken him to see it so I figured ok, I'll buy it.  We ordered a pizza, had a picnic in the living room to watch this movie for family night with our 5 and 2 year old.  Let me tell you, about 20 minutes into the movie my husband and I were ready to turn this thing off.  My two year old didn't even make it this far as she said it was \\"scary\\".  We couldn't stand to continue watching this movie, but our 5 year old was glued to the tv so we just let it play out.  I can't even remember what I did to kill the time it took for this movie to finally end, but it was a good 1 1/2 to 2 hours of my life wasted along with my money for buying it.  I'm not really sure what the movie was actually about, I'm not even sure if it's supposed to be a kids movie or not because there seemed to be some cussing and violence in it.  Now I'm not one of those parents that sheild their children from anything and everything with a hint of violence and I'll admit that they probably hear more cussing in everyday life than in the movie, but don't buy this movie thinking it might be a cute kid movie, because it is far from it.  If this movie was done with real actors and not produced into cartoon characters I would not let my kids watch it.  They've never touched the movie again, and we probably never will.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I don't know what to say about this game its kind of fun but it also sucks majorly. man I hate this game...
B005I6EVUG|4.0|I love it!  I was looking for a cover that reminded me of a book for my Kindle Fire. I've had it for 2 months now an no problems. The clerk at my local electronics store told me she didn't think the Fire would fit but I ordered from Amazon.  It is a tight fit but I think that it is secure and will not move.
B00000K3D4|4.0|The movie is a classic, very fun. One of Jim Hensons best. Great effects and David Bowie does a good performance. Micheal Motion does a great job juggling, from behind David.
B004J4WKUQ|1.0|I was rushing to get something to read immediately prior to a transcontinental flight, and bought this upon seeing it in an Amazon 'recommended' list, and noting the high rating.<br />It didn't take me long to start feeling disappointed...the writing was stilted and the world it described was one-dimensional and far-fetched. The protagonist didn't...well, make me want anything good to happen to him. But I was on a flight with nothing better to do, so I plowed ahead. Unfortunately, it only got worse. Nothing believable happened. There was no nuance. No likable characters appeared. The wooden writing plodded along into the gloaming distance. Eventually, I decided that a better use of my time would be to stare at the back of the seat in front of me for the remainder of the flight, and I put the book away. While sitting and doing nothing was dull, reading this book had become actively painful.<br />Based on the portion I did read, I gather that Ready Player One is a thin and brittle shell of a book serving as a vehicle for a socially-maladjusted manchild of an author to convey his masturbatory reminiscences of bygone 80s pop culture, nursing an obsession that goes far beyond liking to watch a John Hughes film from time to time. Just reading it made me feel like I was being engaged in a pissing contest with somebody inordinately proud of their vast stores of trivial knowledge.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is very fun and puzzle solver at the same time.This game was   the free ap of theday, but still I would buy it either way.
0618918248|1.0|What to say about Dawkins's book?<br /><br />Here are some quick observations:<br /><br />* One misconception he has is that religious people are always exclusively religious. But Thomas Aquinas explained, \\"For some of these do not belong to religion ...  such as rubbing one's beard, lifting a stick from the ground and so forth\\" ([[ASIN:0870610635 The Summa Theologica of St. Thomas Aquinas (Five Volumes)]] II-II.186.5)<br /><br />* Another concern is consistency. He critiques the Drake Equation (70-71), but uses a similar line of reasoning supporting the anthropic principle (137-139).<br /><br />* Another instance is his sharp criticism of the God of the Gaps theory, but look at what replaces it with:<br /><br />\\"Natural selection  ... needs some luck to get started, and the 'billions of planets' anthropic principle grants it that luck. Maybe a few later gaps in the evolutionary story also need major infusions of luck, with anthropic justification.\\" (169).<br /><br />In his section on \\"anting,\\" he avers:<br /><br />\\"Nobody knows for sure what the benefit of anting is: perhaps some kind of hygiene, cleansing the feathers of parasites. My point is that uncertainty as to the purpose doesn't--nor should it--stop Darwinians from believing, with great confidence, that anting must be good for something.\\" (164)<br /><br />This is just an ad futurum  cross-dressing as a \\"Darwin of the gaps\\" explanation. Or is it a \\"luck of the gaps\\"?<br /><br />Here are some comments on Chapter 3.<br /><br />As to Aquinas's Five Ways, Dawkins observes, \\"The first three are just different ways of saying the same thing ...\\" (77). But this is nothing new. In fact,  Peter Kreeft one-ups him: \\"These five ways are essentially one way: the 'cosmological argument'\\" ([[ASIN:0898704383 A Shorter Summa: The Essential Philosophical Passages of Saint Thomas Aquinas' Summa Theologica]], 55n19).*<br /><br />Simplistically, asserts that they \\"don't prove anything, and are easily ... exposed as vacuous.\\" (77).<br /><br />Of course they don't prove a thing. Kreeft (who's work should be seriously studied for anyone who wants an honest Christian perspective) he explains that \\"These five are not the proofs themselves, but ways, i.e. indications or summaries of proof. The proofs themselves are elsewhere worked out in much greater detail; e. g. in the Summa Contra Gentiles the first way takes thirty-one paragraphs (Bk 1, chap. 13); here, it takes only one\\" (A Shorter Summa, 55n19).<br /><br />Moreover, these arguments are \\"pre-evenagelism\\" ([[ASIN:084235588X How Now Shall We Live?]], 29-31 ), ideas that create the climate for belief.<br /><br />So much for Dawkins in-depth analysis. (By the way, Kreeft's book costs $10.25 new. Dawkins--drop me a line and I'll send you a copy, gratis!)<br /><br />Dawkins's next step is to criticize \\"the entirely unwarranted assumption that God himself is immune to regress\\" (77). This is a favorite chestnut of his: rhetorically asking \\"who designed the designer\\" (121, 158), and completely ignoring the Christians' response: there is, after all, a book called [[ASIN:0310247101 Who Made God?: And Answers to Over 100 Other Tough Questions of Faith]].<br /><br />He also completely ignores Mormonism's insights on this matter ([[ASIN:0842523219 The Truth, the Way, the Life: An Elementary Treatise on Theology (Byu Studies Monographs)]], Chapter 7; [[ASIN:087579243X Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith]], 373).<br /><br />Next, Dawkis changes the subject and begins a discussion on refuting God's omniscience and omnipotence. And he proves this with Karen Owens's doggerel. Case closed.<br /><br />Getting off his professorial tangent, Dawkins then addresses the infinite regress issue But he goes from splitting hairs to splitting atoms. How on earth splitting gold to a lonely atom disproves God's existence (or why atoms are good analogies for God) is never explained. But never mind.<br /><br />He concludes: \\"The atom provides a natural terminator to ... regress It is by no means clear that God provides a natural terminator to the regress of Aquinas\\" Why not? No reason is given. \\"That's putting it mildly, as we shall see later. Let's move down Aquinas' [sic] list.\\"(78)<br /><br />That's his tactic: he makes assertion, then, instead of a fish (or even a stone), he gives us a red herring, then moves on.<br /><br />Due to space, let me move on to his discussion on Anselm. Again, Dawkins completely ignores Aquinas' criticism of Anselm's ideas (A Shorter Summa, 50n8). Then, citing one of his favorite philosophers (and, along with his Warden and Thomas Jefferson, all man-crushes), Dawkins is shocked that Betrand Russell found the argument compelling.<br /><br />I guess this is a selective man-crush.<br /><br />And he says, \\"I suspect that he was an exaggeratedly fair-minded atheist [on Dawkins's part, a Freudian slip], over eager to be disillusioned if logic seemed to require it\\" (82). Considering how Dawkins throws (when convenient) Russel and Stephen Jay Gould under the bus (54-61), the McGarth's point is taken. Dawkins is an atheistic fundamentalist ([[ASIN:0830837213 The Dawkins Delusion?: Atheist Fundamentalism and the Denial of the Divine (Veritas Books)]]).<br /><br />Not doing his own research, Dawkins tells (but does not show) that \\"the trick card up Anselm's sleeve [was] his slippery assumption that 'existence' is more 'perfect' than non-existence\\" (82).<br /><br />So he is not sure than an existing Richard Dawkins is better or more \\"perfect\\" than a non-exitsting Richard Dawkins?<br /><br />Carrying on , Dawkins cites the parody \\"Over Three Hundred Proofs of God's Existence\\" (85). For example, #37 is \\"If things had been different, then things would be different. That would be bad. Therefore God exists\\" (85)<br /><br />Well, along those profound intellectual plumblines, I say \\"Thomas Jefferson said, 'A professorship of theology should have no place in our institution,' (75) therefore God does not exist.\\" \\"Dawkins thought he heard a ghost but it was really the wind blowing through a keyhole (90). Therefore God does not exist.\\"<br /><br />Get the point?<br /><br />People may criticize my review for being sarcastic. So it is. But please remember that Dawkins takes this tack, \\"Ridicule is the only weapon which can be used against unintelligible propositions\\" (34). And, considering that the book is dedicated to Douglas Adams, I hope he appreciates the humor.<br /><br />\\"Nietzsche had some natural talent for sarcasm: he could sneer, though he could not laugh; but there is always something bodiless and without weight in his satire, simply because it has not any mass of common morality behind it.\\"<br />__________________<br /><br />* I guess I should have said two-ups Dawkins, who treats the last two ways separately.n Aquinas' [sic] list.\\"(78)  That's his tactic: he makes assertion, then, instead of a fish (or even a stone), he gives us a red herring, then moves on.  Due to space, let me move on to his discussion on Anselm. Again, Dawkins completely ignores Aquinas' criticism of Anselm's ideas (A Shorter Summa, 50n8). Then, citing one of his favorite philosophers (and, along with his Warden and Thomas Jefferson, all man-crushes), Dawkins is shocked that Betrand Russell found the argument compelling.  I guess this is a selective man-crush.  And he says, \\"I suspect that he was an exaggeratedly fair-minded atheist [on Dawkins's part, a Freudian slip], over eager to be disillusioned if logic seemed to require it\\" (82). Considering how Dawkins throws (when convenient) Russel and Stephen Jay Gould under the bus (54-61), the McGarth's point is taken. Dawkins is an atheistic fundamentalist ([[ASIN:0830837213 The Dawkins Delusion?: Atheist Fundamentalism and the Denial of the Divine (Veritas Books)]]).  Not doing his own research, Dawkins tells (but does not show) that \\"the trick card up Anselm's sleeve [was] his slippery assumption that 'existence' is more 'perfect' than non-existence\\" (82).  So he is not sure than an existing Richard Dawkins is better or more \\"perfect\\" than a non-exitsting Richard Dawkins?  Carrying on , Dawkins cites the parody \\"Over Three Hundred Proofs of God's Existence\\" (85). For example, #37 is \\"If things had been different, then things would be different. That would be bad. Therefore God exists\\" (85)  Well, along those profound intellectual plumblines, I say \\"Thomas Jefferson said, 'A professorship of theology should have no place in our institution,' (75) therefore God does not exist.\\" \\"Dawkins thought he heard a ghost but it was really the wind blowing through a keyhole (90). Therefore God does not exist.\\"  Get the point?  People may criticize my review for being sarcastic. So it is. But please remember that Dawkins takes this tack, \\"Ridicule is the only weapon which can be used against unintelligible propositions\\" (34). And, considering that the book is dedicated to Douglas Adams, I hope he appreciates the humor.  \\"Nietzsche had some natural talent for sarcasm: he could sneer, though he could not laugh; but there is always something bodiless and without weight in his satire, simply because it has not any mass of common morality behind it.\\"  __________________  * I guess I should have said two-ups Dawkins, who treats the last two ways separately.
B002BWP49C|4.0|This movie was more intense than the last few in this series in my opinion.  It also had some gory/bloody scenes so buyer beware.<br />I've enjoyed all of this series so far and this one did not let me down.  I am sorry that it is nearing the end.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|The Night Circus is about imagery, rhythmic writing, and emotional scenes. For me, this is what I must have in a great novel. And as a debut? Wow. It is told in rotating third with some 2nd person thrown in. At one point I thought that the second person mini-scenes were superfluous, but after reading the entire story, they add a certain shape that makes this novel unique. What's great about this story is that it is literature without trying to prove itself in a flurry of details. It just IS. You know what it's like? Take the imagination of Alice and Wonderland and marry it to the emotion of The Time Travelers Wife.  When I say flawed, what I really mean is a willingness by the author to abandon everyone else's notion of what a book should be and just let her story present itself with moles and all. But I've always thought natural beauty is far better than the majority of \\"perfect,\\" contrived MFA-ish prose. It's nice to see someone write a story who hasn't been taught what great writing should look like. Morgenstern has found this alchemical key within herself.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games is as perfect as a book can get because the action in the story line keeps you reading and the author never goes past something without putting some sort of descrption to make you picture what it would look like. The characters are so unique and are really deep because they all have their own back stories that really make you understand them when they act a certain way. The only thing i didn't like about the book is that it was sometimes a little too specific when it came to when things had gotten bloody and when some of the characters were wounded. But that is literally the only thing bad in this book in my opinion. It was the perfect ending and really lived up to my expectations. And it is still one of the best books i've ever read in my entire life.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|I spent too much time tethered to my desktop. Whether it was eom reports or employee planning. With this app at least I am able to \\"step away from the computer\\". Something as minor as working on the deck or the water brings a whole new outlook to the desk doldrums. Thanks Splash!
B004O3YGMC|4.0|App works great on motorola photon 4g, acer iconia a500 and the HP touchpad. All my devices have dual core processors and 1gb ram. Don't know how it would work on lower specs. Now I can watch hulu free through my pc any where any time. All those wanting hulu on their phone or tablet here is the solution. As you can tell hulu was my reason for buying but this app does sooooo much ore. It is a complete remote control of your pc from any where in the world.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is a good game to waste your time with. it's a great puzzle that makes you think,  .characters with silly faces and many modes and levels
0545265355|5.0|This is a fantastic series very original. An absolute page turner cliffhangers and jaw dropping excitement. The characters were rich and well developed only until later in the series did it not feel as expected. Wonderful end to the series.
0545425115|5.0|Legend of the Minotaur + 1984 + The Running Man + Twilight = The Hunger Games. A very fun read.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This a great game. It's like Tetris with food! I would definitely recommend it. It's worth the money you'll spend.
1451648537|4.0|Isaacson writes well, but two things really make the book worth reading: (1) it is about Steve Jobs, a man who was many things but never boring; and (2) unlike essentially everyone else writing about the topic, he had authorized access to Jobs and his associates. A lot of Isaacson's narrative, especially about anything before Jobs's second tenure at Apple, is not groundbreaking, and some of his analysis of the last decade at Apple is flawed by his lack of technical expertise. (John Siracusa, an apple tech blogger, has argued that Steve Jobs essentially chose the wrong biographer, just as he was wrong in his choice of John Sculley as Apple CEO.) Nonetheless, to have the whole arc of Jobs's life and accomplishments brought together in one accessible package is a significant achievement. This will be the standard narrative for one of the true giants of the computer/tech revolution.<br /><br />I should add that like many other reviewers I was surprised--and a bit disappointed--by how little regard Jobs seems to have had for the the feelings of others throughout his career. He could be nasty and petty for no great reason. I was glad that Isaacson was honest about this, though, and that he didn't view his work as a mere hagiography. He doesn't fall into the trap of giving us a one-dimensional hero who's simply too good to be true. There's plenty of things to admire in Jobs's achievement, but his personal behavior isn't necessarily one of them.
0525951652|4.0|This was a 50/50 buy given many of the poor reviews I had read on Amazon. Like most of the low scoring reviews I was a huge fan of Pillars of the Earth and World without End. Still I ignored the poor reviews and bought the Hardback as soon as I came across it in a shop. It actually was the reason I ended up with an e-reader. It was heavy and I was sick of carrying the darned thing around London so as soon as I finished it I went to a Sony shop and bought an e-reader. An Italian Cafe was quite happy as I read most of it while keeping my cafeine levels up.   The story does have many unbelievable chance interlinks but if you can overlook this the stories are informative and invoke more thought/ emotion than factual books covering the same topics.   I am definitely looking forward to the following books. If you want Pillars of the Earth or World without End you will be disappointed but if you want a lighter look over some of this centuries larger historical events where you can accept that the story is tailored to tell said histories then please go ahead and enjoy this as much as I did.   I love factual histories and fictional ones and given the new era of electronics I fill my Kindle ( yes I still have the Sony but prefer the kindle) with all genres and then read according to whatever interests I have at a given time. I wouldn't say this book is my favourite but I'd certainly recommend it to any friend.
B004EPYZSU|4.0|It is a very good movie with elements of both science fiction and western.  It has 3 of my favorite actors which enhanced the experience.  Well worth the money to add it to your collection.
B0063IH60K|5.0|excel app very accurate and fast moving I would definately recommenf it to.you.  you wont be dissapointed very fun and accurate
B006MW3VGA|5.0|Having greatly enjoyed Season 1 of Downton Abbey, I was looking forward to Season 2, and I found it as captivating and engaging as Season 1. In Season 2, the time frame is from the Battle of the Somme in 1916 to the Spanish Flu Pandemic of 1919. For those unfamiliar with the series, I would advise watching Season 1 first as it provides a lot of background information on many of the characters, as well as continuity.<br /><br />The usually robust and confident Earl of Grantham(I love Hugh Bonneville's portrayal of the benevolent Earl) feels somewhat out of place this season as he yearns to be of use to his country, yet all he gets is an honorary rank in the military, and is not considered for active duty due to his age.  Cora, Countess Grantham (Elizabeth McGovern) gets so caught up with the rehabilitation hospital set up in a wing of Downton that she neglects her husband which has repercussions for the Grantham's marriage. Lady Mary (Michelle Dockery) is melancholic over her failed romance with Matthew Crawley and is resigned to the prospect of a marriage of convenience with another; Lady Edith (Laura Carmichael) takes up driving and finds a sense of purpose in an otherwise uneventful life; and, lovely Lady Sybil (Jessica Brown-Findlay) with her ideals and radical views trains as a nurse.<br /><br />The staff of Downton undergo changes of their own, and experience both ups and downs. Brendan Coyle who plays the Earl's faithful valet, John Bates, experiences some serious challenges when his estranged wife, the odious Vera (Maria Kennedy) turns up. Tom Barrow (Rob James Collier), the footman, is away at war, but finds the experience unnerving to the point that he resorts to drastic measures to make his way home.<br /><br />There is good balance between scenes at the war front and scenes at home. The battle scenes are credibly done, evoking all the fear and horror of the war. But I admit I was more interested in the machinations back home at Downton, and watching familiar and new characters resort to manipulation, scheming, and intrigues. Dowager Countess Grantham is one of my favorite characters, and Dame Maggie Smith's performance is excellent as always. This season sees further character development, not only among the main cast, but also secondary characters like the role of kitchen maid Daisy.<br /><br />There is a short, 10-minute segment prior to episode 1 which shows the setting for Downton Abbey, i.e. Highclere Castle in Hampshire, and includes interviews with the present owner as well as the director, producer, and cast members of the show. The streaming via Amazon Instant Video is of high quality, with clear, crisp images and no interruptions.iar and new characters resort to manipulation, scheming, and intrigues. Dowager Countess Grantham is one of my favorite characters, and Dame Maggie Smith's performance is excellent as always. This season sees further character development, not only among the main cast, but also secondary characters like the role of kitchen maid Daisy.<br /><br />There is a short, 10-minute segment prior to episode 1 which shows the setting for Downton Abbey, i.e. Highclere Castle in Hampshire, and includes interviews with the present owner as well as the director, producer, and cast members of the show. The streaming via Amazon Instant Video is of high quality, with clear, crisp images and no interruptions.
B0002F7I9Y|5.0|A great compilation of Ray Charles' music. It's a great addition to my husband's collection of Ray Charles CDs and DVDs.
B006VA57CY|5.0|Having greatly enjoyed Season 1 of Downton Abbey, I was looking forward to Season 2, and I found it as captivating and engaging as Season 1. In Season 2, the time frame is from the Battle of the Somme in 1916 to the Spanish Flu Pandemic of 1919. For those unfamiliar with the series, I would advise watching Season 1 first as it provides a lot of background information on many of the characters, as well as continuity.<br /><br />The usually robust and confident Earl of Grantham(I love Hugh Bonneville's portrayal of the benevolent Earl) feels somewhat out of place this season as he yearns to be of use to his country, yet all he gets is an honorary rank in the military, and is not considered for active duty due to his age. Cora, Countess Grantham (Elizabeth McGovern) gets so caught up with the rehabilitation hospital set up in a wing of Downton that she neglects her husband which has repercussions for the Grantham's marriage. Lady Mary (Michelle Dockery) is melancholic over her failed romance with Matthew Crawley and is resigned to the prospect of a marriage of convenience with another; Lady Edith (Laura Carmichael) takes up driving and finds a sense of purpose in an otherwise uneventful life; and, lovely Lady Sybil (Jessica Brown-Findlay) with her ideals and radical views trains as a nurse.<br /><br />The staff of Downton undergo changes of their own, and experience both ups and downs. Brendan Coyle who plays the Earl's faithful valet, John Bates, experiences some serious challenges when his estranged wife, the odious Vera (Maria Kennedy) turns up. Tom Barrow (Rob James Collier), the footman, is away at war, but finds the experience unnerving to the point that he resorts to drastic measures to make his way home.<br /><br />There is good balance between scenes at the war front and scenes at home. The battle scenes are credibly done, evoking all the fear and horror of the war. But I admit I was more interested in the machinations back home at Downton, and watching familiar and new characters resort to manipulation, scheming, and intrigues. Dowager Countess Grantham is one of my favorite characters, and Dame Maggie Smith's performance is excellent as always. This season sees further character development, not only among the main cast, but also secondary characters like the role of kitchen maid Daisy.<br /><br />There is a short, 10-minute segment prior to episode 1 which shows the setting for Downton Abbey, i.e. Highclere Castle in Hampshire, and includes interviews with the present owner as well as the director, producer, and cast members of the show. The streaming via Amazon Instant Video is of high quality, with clear, crisp images and no interruptions.o manipulation, scheming, and intrigues. Dowager Countess Grantham is one of my favorite characters, and Dame Maggie Smith's performance is excellent as always. This season sees further character development, not only among the main cast, but also secondary characters like the role of kitchen maid Daisy.  There is a short, 10-minute segment prior to episode 1 which shows the setting for Downton Abbey, i.e. Highclere Castle in Hampshire, and includes interviews with the present owner as well as the director, producer, and cast members of the show. The streaming via Amazon Instant Video is of high quality, with clear, crisp images and no interruptions.
0525478817|5.0|I absolutely love John Green's books, and this one was no different. My favorite of them all. This book, of course, was highly anticipated and when I started reading, I definitely wasn't disappointed. I never stopped reading from the moment I opened the book, so it was done in a just a few hours.  This book shows two teenagers struggling with illnesses, dealing with normal teenage situations and friendships, travel, and love. I am not a crier at books or movies, so this did not make me cry, but the majority of people will tell you that tears will fall.  Definitely a winner!
B005723JSQ|5.0|Honestly I don't leave reviews but this book is just fantastic. I couldn't put it down. I loved Poppy, I loved Sam, I loved the story. It pulled me in from the beginning and I read it straight through. Definitely my favorite Kinsella book!
B005PW3OS8|3.0|I didn't like this movie as much as everyone else. I thought the character of Captain America was interesting and Chris Evans was good, but the story was really jokey. Hugo Weaving was a good villain and I hope he comes back in \\"The Avengers,\\" but how many more Nazi movies do I have to watch? Oh, sorry. Hydra movies?
0321701763|5.0|I have purchased several books in the past for different programs and I must say that Abobe's \\"Classroom In A Book\\" guides are abosolutely wonderful. I took the Adobe Indesign class at the local college and the instructor used the Adobe Classroom In A Book for Indesign from cover to end. I wanted to take the Adobe Photoshop class, but figured why pay all that money when the book is a class in itself. This book is easy to use even for those that have had no training in a photo editing program. The lessons cd is awesome and a wonderful tool and addition to the book. If you really want to learn how to use Adobe Photshop this is the book for you, and you will not be disappointed!
B004LWZW42|5.0|This might be the best \\"X-Men\\" movie of them all though I really like most of \\"X-Men 2.\\" Michael Fassbender is so awesome as Magneto and the movie makes you want him to play James Bond next but historically. Kevin Bacon was the only bad part as it's hard to look at him and think that Magneto can't just beat him. James McAvoy wasn't as good as Patrick Stewart, but I liked how he and Fassbender interacted a lot. The scene with the radar dish especially.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Well, I could go on and on about this film, but that's not why I am here. I just wanted to let any customers who are curious (as I was) about which version of the DVD you will get know that you will get the version in the 2nd photo, by Mark Johnson. I think the Amazon picture shown is hideous (how can they use that font?? O_O) Alas, fear not, you will get the version with the nice serif font used on all the Ghibli films distributed by Disney. That's all I wanted to say. PS: If you're curious about the movie, just WATCH IT! Nothing else will do.
B00406UK7S|4.0|I enjoyed \\"Centurion\\" but didn't love it. The acting was good by Michael Fassbender (who I LOVE), but it jumped around and never felt like it really took off as a movie. I loved \\"Doomsday\\" even though it felt like three movies crammed into one body. \\"Centurion\\" felt like the opposite, a contained story that was almost too thin for an entire movie. I will still watch anything he makes though.
B005AUWY90|5.0|I am not sure why so many are giving this film a poor rating. Yes it is not like other Pixar films in a sense, but at the same time it still is. It is not driven towards tugging at your heart, but it still buts out a very good message, and that is to be happy with who you are and how others are, don't try to change them or yourselves just because the behavior is out of the norm.  This movie is fun for all ages and has a \\"the man with one red sock\\" or \\"the man who knew to little\\" feel to it. pixar had to take cars 2 in a new direction to be a hit, you can't put out 2 movies that are the same and it seems that is exactly what some people were expecting.  to sum things up, this movie is fun for all ages and has a great lesson, kids ask to watch it almost everyday.
B005H9B2CE|4.0|Every time this movie was in Asgard and had gods fighting gods, it was great. The scope then shrank down to almost nothing when it was on Earth and felt like an \\"Avengers\\" prequel. If they made a sequel and it just stayed in Asgard, that would be awesome. Idris Elba steals every scene he's in, but I really liked Hemsworth as Thor as he was funny. STAY IN ASGARD!
B000AMJC2K|3.0|Looks nice and easy setup/install, but the adjustment method is just plain bad all around. The worst part is the vertical arm adjustment, the \\"button\\" you have to push in order to raise/lower the long arm is very hard to push and not at all obvious (in the directions or on the product itself). Not to mention that even though the button does push in, only when you fidget with the weight, the arm doesn't actually lift or lower. Maybe it's just a defect with my particular item. I will find out tomorrow when I give them a phone call. /crossfingers
B004I744AS|5.0|This is a very good app. Not only can you look up words with ease, but you can. also check your horoscope,word of the day and much more. I use it everyday without. any problems.
0545265355|5.0|First stumbled across this while looking for movies to watch with my son. After seeing a trailer for it, I decided that while it was not appropriated to watch with a 9 year old. It was a book series that I had to read.<br /><br />It is emotional, moving and powerful. Both drawing you together ans leaving you fractured. Just remember to have Kleenex on hand when you read it. You will need it.
146999769X|5.0|What a fascinating read! As one who is on my own path of enlightenment, I found that I could relate to the main character's spiritual path regardless of differences in place, time, and origin. A truly unique universal experience.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I started using this app on the HTC Inspire and really love the portability of my Bible, especially if I forget irate home. Now I use it in the Kindle Fire, and I LOVE the reading plans. Much easier to read on the bigger screen and easier to share as well. Great app!
B001UW58YK|5.0|If you love Michael Buble' you will love caught in the Act!!  He is a great entertainer, great fun and wonderful to listen too.  The quality of the DVD is great and whenever I want to go to a Michael Buble' concert, I just put in the DVD, sit back and enjoy my favorite singer!!!
B001OMJGD0|3.0|Clearly, what the director is trying to do is make a superman for a new generation of kids by stealth. The actors are made younger than what they would have been if the film had continued from the 1970s version. What is over 40 years in this movie is a five years.  It has very good filming something I expected; the special effects are good. The problem is nothing is particularly original here.  The story itself is as weak as the first one but at least that was original. It gets close at times to being almost the same story. The script for an adult, I do not think is particularly good. None of the characters were interesting.  The acting is average.  I would class it as a remake by stealth made for a new generation.
B005KR6OBM|1.0|Just bought it from another website for almost half the price..!  I love the show to death but, hey, saving a hundred bucks can save lives...
B00356CO1E|5.0|I have finally finished the 30 Day Shred over a series of 40 days; I took 2 days off a week (Thurs & Sunday) which was more than enough to catch up on resting my body. I did each Level the hardest I could go and tried to go with the expert level instead of the easy Anita stances and I am very happy with the results. I have been on a diet for the last year  and dieting just does not help without exercise. Switching to whole grain, removing all sugars and pop from my diet 6 months ago was a good thing but I was only maintaining my weight and could not get those extra 15 pounds off. I am happy to say that I did lose 14 pounds using the 30 day shred. I lost 5 inches on my waist, 1 inch on my arms, and 2 inches on my thighs so I am very happy with this product. I am still a few pounds over where I want to be and plan on moving onto the next series of ripped in 30 or the kettle bell workout to finish these last couple pounds off. I hope this is motivation to others who want to lose weight. The workouts can get boring doing them 10 days in a row - but if you want to lose weight you will do it. I did and I am happy that I did.
B0047Y0FGY|3.0|Yes, it was funny at times, but I expected more from Tina Fey. I probably wouldn't recommend this one to friends.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|h u h h t f. y y hvuvy y yychy h y y y u u u y y y
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I could not put this book down, despite it's disturbing story. Loved, loved, loved it! I would definitely recommend it!
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game wiil stump you, but nothing can replace the feeling of beating a puzzle that has you stumped. Simper but addictive gameplay.
B005LZW8FO|4.0|this is a poem of a movie, it's beautiful and it's truthful. it's not a film everybody will like, but if you can apreciate a movie that takes its time to build its narrative, then this might be for you. i love this scifi concept of a planet in the middle of the earth's sky: it's what made me watch melancholia (although i didn't really liked that movie). try it out!
0345529057|5.0|If you have already seen the series on tv then you should read the books they are far more full and cliffhanging. If you haven't seen the series then just read the books, the story is thrilling, it's got some of everything. The box where they come has some of the characters on each side. On one is Eddard Stark and on the other Daenerys Targaryen.
B0063IH60K|5.0|its a classic but fun game once you start you cant stop! very simple..hardly any ads. I recommend it. great game
B006PHD0RW|4.0|Starts kinda slow, but it picks up as new levels are revealed. The design reminds me of Where's my water game. Graphics are cute.
B006DICWUE|4.0|There is always a narrowed eye cast upon bands when their members' ages pass 40. Are they still relevant? Can they still rock? Are they going to write simplistic, hackneyed songs about their newborn children? Or about the loss they feel from their recent divorce? Well, Nada Surf just blew all those preconceptions out of the water. This album is full of excellent songcraft, and Matthew Caws continues to create great lyrics. There is no single hit song like \\"Always Love\\" that will grab airplay, but as you are driving down the road listening straight through, any of these songs can get your head nodding. You all know those albums where you fast-forward past an okay song to get to the good one? This album defies that, although I will say that, \\"The Moon Is Calling,\\" \\"Looking Through\\" and \\"No Snow On The Mountain\\" always rock out for me. Because there is no incandescent blow-me-away song, it's not quite five stars, so I have to give it four. But it's a really good four. Definitely worth the money.
B003Y5H542|5.0|Product was as expected. This was a bonus, because it came with both the Blu-Ray & DVD. Well worth the money. This is a instant classic that is great for all ages. Watch again and again and get more laughs the second time.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|Super easy to use. Works flawlessly. Since the iPad doesn't have a USB port you need this kit to get photos easily from a camera SD card to the iPad. Once the photos are on your iPad you can email them and et cetera. Great for traveling. Take photos with your camera, transfer them to your iPad and then email them while you're on your trip. The iPad also is a form of backup for the camera SD card.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|For everyone that likes to smile, laugh, and cry all in the same book, this is it. I would have never guessed the hunger games to end like that. People die, yes. Is it groosome, yes. But Suzanne Colins did a great job at putting the end to the crossed love story. &#34;This is a great book. Real or not real? real.&#34;
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like the game but its extremely hard to build up points.  I would prefer if you made the point requirement to unlock games a little less.
B004QZ9PLU|1.0|I love Nicholas Sparks, but this is my least favorite book he's ever written. It is completely predictable. It's like he just meshed \\"The Notebook,\\"  \\"Nights in Rodanthe,\\" and other works together. It was completely predictable and nothing really happened throughout the entire book. If you love his other books, don't waste your time on this one. It will make you skeptical of his future novels! :(
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is just like the nintendo version. easy for kids. good for passing time. some games are frustrating though.
B005K17RU0|1.0|this app always forces close on the fire. very annoying!! find another app cause this one sucks. headed for the weather channel app.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|My reading choices very rarely go along the path of novels such as 'The Hunger Games'.  I read a preview twice before I ordered and was surprised that I wanted the book.  Katniss Everdeen takes the place of her little sister, Prim, to participate, along with 23 others selected by 'drawing', in the Hunger Games.  Quelling insurrection, the Capitol has devised this fete in order to 'remind' all in the 12 Districts of their powerlessness.  What ensues is a spellbinding, creative, and masterful tale that the reader finds no difficulty in visualizing and being engrossed in.  Quite phenomenal....I am eager to read the second book!
B0002Y69NG|5.0|Enjoyed a day of movies with the family and cartoons with the younger ones.  Great purchase if you're on a budget.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|this app is wonderful. this is exactly what I was lookingfor. if you need it for school this.is the perfect app!
B000U1ZV8K|4.0|I purchased this for part one and two.  I don't really care for part 3 or 4 but the wife does so it worked out.  Price for 4 in 1 was worth it.
1932100660|1.0|The book names cholesterol as the culprit but what causes excess cholesterol? . . . Lack of vitamin C.<br /><br /> Google/read Linus Pauling or Matthias Rath or Thomas Levy to get the full understanding.
B003A03RRU|5.0|I started out by reading the free Sherlock Holmes book available for free on Amazon. Once that was done, I was hooked and wanted more. I found this one for an extremely cheap price, and have recently finished reading the whole collection. You can't beat the price for this collection. There are images in some stories that help depict what's going on. There's a table of contents so you navigate between the stories easier, although I personally didn't have an issue with the way the stories were ordered. I have seen some complaints regarding the table of contents not being accessible, but I assure you it is there. Just hit Menu > Go to... > Cover > then click over about three pages and it should be there. I did find a couple of actual typos in there that were not spelling variances, but the amount that were present were so minimal that I don't think it's worth complaining over.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app is easy to use & fun to play! I would recommend it to my friends. Even my kids love it
B005Q1W10A|5.0|This does not disappoint. If you liked Season 1 you will love this one as well. Now for the wait for Season 3.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|have had this app for a long time and have never had any issues. syncs nicely between my kindle, macbook, and droid.
145162445X|5.0|The delivery time was excellent!'  The book \\"a Universe from nothing. Was superb  and the author made the reading very  worth while.  I'm not a scholar but he  ensured that the reader was able to get  the meaning of his dialect.  I would reccomend this book highly to  anyone who has an interest in the  Big Bang, Einstein or science in general.
B005LY4B0A|4.0|Very fun, challenging game.  Remove the spider web and release the bugs before the spider gets them.  Lots of levels for more fun.
B004XJRQUQ|4.0|I'm in my mid 60s and adored the trilogy.  All three (short) books are page turners and I missed the characters once I completed the series.  I think the ending was appropriate.  Many readers have complained about the abruptness of it, but I  think it rings true considering the shattering and life altering experiences of the protagonists.  This is not great literature, but the plot is compelling and dynamic and provides good escapism.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this app I'm all ways bored and this gives me something to do I love that you have to earn coins to buy new games
B005VT42BS|5.0|man this app has it all. the ability to ping all of my devices is freaking awesome. thanks for this great app!!
B0077SGMXM|4.0|As far as golf games go on the Kindle Fire, this is an easy, quick, old school type of game.  Anyone can play and can complete a course in minutes.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game. it is awesome! I I I I I recommend getting this game I I I I
B005HJWWW8|5.0|I have a pair of Sennheiser HD448's.  I am not an audiophile but I do enjoy listening to high quality music.  I typically buy headphones once every two or so years.  I ran across the FiiO E5 originally.  After reading the reviews I kept putting off ordering it.  I am glad I did.  When I finally went to order it the E6 had come out.  I decided to go with that, and it was worth it.  The EQ settings are nice and add great dynamic sound and power to already amazing headphones.  They drive the speakers well even at a low volume.  I listen to pretty much everything, and I have yet to find something that makes this little amp sound bad.  It's small, light, and looks good.  I get questions all the time as to what it is, and people usually respond \\"wow I didn't even know these existed.\\"  If you like high quality audio and use your phone or ipod a lot, this is a must have.  Devices I use it on: Windows mobile (zune player), ipod, and laptop.  For ipods you may have to adjust the EQ settings on the ipod.  I alternated depending on what I am listening to, and sometimes the FiiO EQ distorts the ipod EQ.  Other than that it's great!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is a lot of fun and free! with over a hundred games, your certain to like this game.
B002SSUQFG|2.0|I ordered this watch in May of 2010.  It just started gaining 5 minutes per hour.  It was a nice watch while it lasted.  It's hard to find a new product in this category anymore, but I was disappointed that it broke down so soon after I got it.  I guess I'll try to figure out how to send it in for service....  I like that this watch is not that large and that it has a canvas band and an automatic self winding movement.  I feel like a watch like this should run for at least 10 years before breaking down or else it has poor quality internals.
0553801473|1.0|This will be short, so not to bored readers the way Mr Martin did with ADWD. What a disappointment this book was compared to the great writing in books 1-3. Not sure what GRRM was trying to accomplish in ADWD, but one thing he did was lose me as a fan. After watching the HBO series I ran out and purchased all four  song of ice and fire books. The first three books were masterfully written. Reading ADWD I felt totally ripped off. I payed full price for the hardcover book $35. Which I'm sure Mr Martin can appreciate. Mr Martin said book 5 was dedicated to the fans. If so, he did a injustice to us. The fans deserve better. Good luck to HBO on trying to save the show after book three. But what now? What to do with a 1000 page book that has more nonsense written then AFFC.Use it as a door stopper or Kindle to start your fireplace. I say no. I will donate my copy of ADWD to my local library,hopefully some GRRM fan can save their hard earned money. That's my two cents, In my opinion that's all this book was worth.
B00466HNHM|5.0|The Bodyguard is a great movie and the soundtrack shot the movie into the stratosphere.  As for Whitney Houston, as a fan of yours since your debut album in 1985, I can only say thank you for creating music that has been the soundtrack of not only my life but of many others as well.  I wish you a peaceful journey. Rest in peace.
B006PHD0RW|3.0|i loved this game! challenging and addictive. until i realized every time i quit out of it it wont open. i uninstall and reinstall and it only works the first time and then the same thing happens. very frustrating
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This was a wonderful book to read.  Very well done and kept me wanting more even after it was done.  I was originally afraid to read it due to the comments that it was geared more towards a teenage group of readers, but after reading it I'm very sure that adults alike will appreciate this as well.  The violence is just intense enough for a good cringe but not full on nausiating.  I can't wait to get the next one and start the incredible journey all over again!
B00009W0WM|5.0|Warner's two-disc treasure trove does justice to the quintessential Hollywood film - a 1942 wartime masterpiece in which everything clicks. \\"Casablanca\\" not only receives a splendidly restored print, but the DVD set is complemented by rare outtakes, theatrical trailers, two insightful documentaries and a 1995 Looney Tunes parody (among numerous extras). Essential cinema history.
1594203334|5.0|I read this when my step-daughter became pregnant, looking for a informative and not just another run of the mill baby advice book .  I wish I had this book when I had my 3 kids!  While I don't agree with everything it was first a funny likable story worth the read on it's own AND I really felt that the French are better at it than we are in many aspects.  In the US a trip to the supermarket or dining out almost always involves uncontrolled bratty children whose parents ignore or helplessly flail while the kids run, break, throw or otherwise intrude on what should be a pleasant experience.  In my job I have dealt with parents who can not get a 8 year up to go to school and call the police! No manners, self-absorbed and spoiled kids get a real awakening when the rest of the world won't put up with their ways. I agree with the premise that raising kids does not mean sacrificing your own needs and interests.  Teachers spend more time with behavior issues and less time for teaching anything.  And socializing at a early age is a great idea that takes the focus off ME Me Me. That their government recognizes the importance of early childhood socialization as well as support parents that must work is astonishing.  Can you imagine the women who could climb out of poverty if they didn't have the child care cost issues and /or worry about babysitter safety ?  Anyway off the soapbox, this is a great book, I agree with much of it and think it could cure a lot of woes for children, their parents and American society in a \\"Americanized\\" version.  I wonder if the French have a bullying problem in schools? I suspect not...
B0063IH60K|4.0|Nice solitaire app easy to figure out.  Options are a bit limiting, but not too the point where it makes the game annoying to play.
B0040JHXTI|5.0|I actually haven't gotten to see the video part of this product yet, as the seller sent me the Blue Ray version, and I asked for DVD.  Now I have to buy a whole new video package to accommodate this purchase.  But never mind - I've seen enough of this project in other smaller purchases that Sony offered from this same package to know that Bruce delivers nothing but top of the line, iconic music for his fans.  This music was all recorded at the precise time that Bruce was on the minds, tongues, and inspirational mindset of any self-respecting rock and roller who wanted something they could believe in, and feel good about.  The live shows were all take-no-prisoners affairs, with Bruce and the E St. Band turning in unbelievable acts of Rock heroism on stage for sometimes up to, and even over 4 hours a night.  There's never been before or since, a performer who gives as much to his audience as The Boss, and this is exactly how he earned that title.  If you're among the uninitiated, now you can see for yourself, and clearly understand, how it all came down that way with this boxset.
B006UG90RM|4.0|Track List:<br /><br />1 Tattoo - 3/5 The most modern sounding track on the entire album. It gets better with each listen.<br /><br />2 She's The Woman - 4/5 I love the instrumental in this one. It has a great hook.<br /><br />3 You and Your Blues -4/5 Very catchy and it grew on me after the second listen.<br /><br />4 China Town - 3/5 Even though this one is growing on me, it is not one of the stronger tracks in my opinion.<br /><br />5 Blood and Fire - 5/5 Very \\"Little Guitars\\" sounding to me and possibly my favorite on the album.<br /><br />6 Bullethead - 3/5 Fast paced song and enjoyable. Good but not great. The album title comes from this song.<br /><br />7 As Is - 3/5 This is a solid song and very listenable.<br /><br />8 Honeybabysweetiedoll - 3/5 Another solid and listenable song. Not bad and not great.<br /><br />9 The Trouble With Never - 4/5 Very catchy!<br /><br />10 Outta Space - 5/5 Classic VH style; fast and furious.<br /><br />11 Stay Frosty - 5/5 This one is a throwback to \\"Ice Cream Man\\" and equally as catchy. I wound up singing it to myself a lot.<br /><br />12 Big River - 5/5 I love the big sound on this and it is one of my favorites on the album. Great vocals and a great riff. This needs to be played LOUD.<br /><br />13 Beats Workin' - 4/5 Very easy song to like and a classic Van Halen sound.<br /><br />Conclusion:<br /><br />David Lee Roth's reunion with his old Van Halen pals just plain works this time around. This album is a throwback to \\"Women and Children First\\" and it has a great overall feel.<br /><br />The vocals, including the backing vocals, sound very much like the early days even with the absence of Michael Anthony. Instrumentally, it is tight and has the sound of the first four albums which, thankfully, means no keyboards.<br /><br />Some of the songs are almost a continuation of some earlier works. Blood and Fire has a Little Guitars sound to it and Stay Frosty picks up where Ice Cream Man left off.<br /><br />Overall, I really like the album a lot. I did not expect it to be this good and I sincerely hope they can keep this up for some future releases.<br /><br />If you like the DLR era of VH then do not hesitate in buying this.<br /><br />Rating: B+uying this.  Rating: B+
0439023513|3.0|I read book 1 and 2 and thought okay did seems to be a good series, but then I get to book 3 and wish I had never even started this series.  Everybodies talking about how good this series is, but I thought it was a depressing end to what could have been an okay series. Why kill off Prim, that wasn't a good ending.  I just don't like that she has lost Gail, her mother, finch, and Prim.  I know she still has Peta, but I think Prim should have stayed alive.  Plus I never realized that killing kids with a spear was for tweens.
145162445X|5.0|This book is a tour de force in cosmology and where it stands today. Lawrence Krauss gives us the physicists definition of \\"nothing\\" and shows that it is in fact \\"something\\". In fact \\"nothing\\" using a philosopher's definition doesn't exist. Even if space and time, all matter including every last atom were removed, we would have a quantum field which is seething with subatomic particles popping in and out of existence.<br /><br />In layman's terms Krauss shows us the frightening reality we find ourselves in. A flat universe that will eventually expand or stretch until eventually every distant galaxy will be forever gone to us, even by the biggest telescopes we will be a \\"lone\\" galaxy. Any cosmologists living then will not have the same picture of the universe that we have today as the last of the galaxies stretch beyond our sights faster than the speed of light. I suppose they will be asking themselves \\"Why is there nothing rather than something\\".<br /><br />Having watched Krauss debate Brian Greene on String theory I would be most curious on his thoughts on Neil Turok (Endless Universe) or Roger Penrose \\"Cycles of Time: An Extraordinary New View of the Universe\\" since these are being taken very serious by more and more cosmologists who work full time on them. Great book for all those who are scientifically inclined, which means in short, theists will hate it.<br /><br />Also an excellent afterword by Richard Dawkins.
0470876417|4.0|I enjoyed this book, and I appreciate the structures and business models it teaches.  I'm sure this book will be very helpful to many people.  I mainly just flew by the seat of my pants in my business life, no specific goals or plans with my businesses, at least none beyond \\"make more money\\" and I still did ok.  But this will be a very helpful book for those who need more direct structure to guide them.  Highly recommended!<br /> - Aimee Elizabeth, Author of Poverty Sucks! How to Become a Self-Made Millionaire.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|This collection of songs is so sweet and soulful, captures the pure essence of Amy, it's pretty much the music I want played at my funeral! Not because it's sad, but because it has a memorable genuine depth.
0316044695|5.0|A detailed look at what it takes to be a Navy Seal and the kind of people that are serving this country. A must read for all Americans so they can appreciate the sacrifices some have made and are making to keep this country safe.[[ASIN:B004N70MH2 Lone Survivor]]
B004LWZW7Y|5.0|My wife and I loved Puss In Boots. It was very funny. This movie is a must see for all cat lovers! This is a fun family movie for all ages.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|This is a fantastic product, and a must-have for any PC builder or for anyone who wants to keep their CPU super cold.  Keeping your PC cool is critical for extending the life of the CPU and also permits generous overclocking should you be so inclined.  Pros  -Comes with thermal paste (why spend an extra $12?)  -Incredibly durable product  -Very high quality  -The gold-standard in air cooling  -Cheap  Cons  -Installation can be a bit tricky, especially for a first timer.  It took several Youtube clips before I finally got my head around how this is supposed to be installed.  I highly recommend you avoid using the instruction booklet and just watch a couple different Youtube videos before you attempt installation.  -The cooler is monstrous.  Please make sure your case will contain this cooler.  I'm using the Challenger U3 gaming case, and it fits perfectly.  So what did this cooler do for me?  I paired this with a i5-2500K.  Here are my temps so far:  Idle:  Generally around 29C.  It will dip to 26C (at night).  Light windows activity:  Generally around 30 - 34C.  Gaming:  I ran Starcraft 2 on Extreme settings, in a 4x4 map, and my max temp was 42C.  Highest temp so far:  46C --> Occurred during the Windows Experience Index.  These temps are amazing -- and totally make this a MUST BUY!  Applying the thermal paste:  You will hear a lot of different methods to apply the thermal paste.  In the end, it probably doesn't matter too much.  However, here is what I did and I'm very happy with my results.  First, I put a pea-size drop on the CPU and spread it around (with my finger in a plastic bag, of course!!) until the entire CPU was covered with a thin layer on top.  I then put the cooler on top.  Unfortunately, my mobo was dead and I had it RMA'd, so I had to remove the cooler and uninstall the CPU.  I left the paste on the CPU and cooler, though.  However, when my new mobo arrived, I re-applied the thermal paste using the same technique as before.  I once again set the cooler on top of the CPU.  Unfortunately, I had to remove the cooler yet again, at which time I repeated the entire process again.  Long story short - I applied a thin layer of thermal paste 3x before I finally was finished installing the cooler.  The results speak for themselves.  Thus, if you have time, I'd say apply and reapply the paste a few times, spreading a thin layer on top each time.  Worked for me!
B0026PW67W|5.0|I bought this despite the reviews that mentioned the lack of common rooms in the map and that in some maps, the aligning of the pages aren't completely perfect. I still bought it since I'm a huge Potter fan and this is one of the most interesting objects from the series. Aside from the minor complaints from other people, this is still the best replica that you are going to find of the Marauder's Map. It's printed on heavy stock paper and the size feels about right compared to how you see it in the movie. It's interesting looking at all the details that has been put on this map and any Potter fan is going to love examining it.
B001EN71CW|5.0|I've been watching TV for 35 years and have seen a lot of good shows, including the original Star Trek, Taxi, Cheers, WKRP, etc.  Nothing beats Firefly, though.  I've never enjoyed a series more, and cared more about the characters than in this one.  I just feel good watching it, and never get tired of the show having watched it multiple times.  Why Fox canceled this I will never understand, but pick up this Blu Ray and that of Serenity as well, and you just won't be sorry.  The best ever!
B0059XTUXQ|5.0|I realize that many people fault this movie for what it lacks.  What they fail to recognize is how the strength, talent, and brilliance of one woman, Meryl Streep, can make this movie great.  A biopic that has some script weaknesses, The Iron Lady is evidence of how one person can lead one to overlook those weaknesses and think a movie is great.  A biopic is truly successful when one begins to think that the figure portrayed is actually on screen.  When I think of Baroness Thatcher, I think of Meryl Streep as Baroness Thatcher, and I'm not the only one.  Give that woman an Oscar.
B000W44IZW|5.0|A truly amazing story.  I had forgotten about the movie since it was released in the late 1980's.  I purchased the directors cut recently,168 minutes. It is a somewhat different (but good) version from what we remembered. We did research later that it's based on the life story of Jacques Mayol. He was a \\"free diver\\" that held the record of descending \\"down\\" 330 feet towards the bottom of the ocean !!!
B006O5Y0SS|5.0|Woody Allen sees a city like no one else. He uncovers its mysteries & illusions, and the dreams we bring to them -- and maybe, if we're lucky, those we take away.  After many years of shunning his works, I have rediscovered Allen. His perception and heart are still in the right place, and despite his messy personal life, he captures the transience of life, love & beauty impeccably.  If you love the writers of the Lost Generation -- Hemingway, Fitzgerald, Stein -- and the artists Dali, Man Ray & Brunel, then queue this one up, definitely.
B003K1EYM6|4.0|You stick your SD card into the slot and plug the widget into your iPad. It automatically starts on the Photo app and lets you pick which photos to move to the iPad. Works exactly as advertised. I only wish the iPad had more memory as you will have to be selective of which photos to import in order to preserve space. I didn't give it 5 stars because, $30, really Apple? It should be $19.99 as the Taiwanese knock-offs are under $10. But as I have an iPad, clearly I drink the iKool Aid happily pay the iTax.
B004132HZS|5.0|My husband and I have always been a Holmes fan, but this is just great! Cannot wait for the second season! Fantastic series!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is so cool cuz u can choose the game u want to play.you should get the app!!! Hope you get the app and agree.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|Super CD!!  Love THE BAND PERRY!  Each song on this CD is well-worth listening to over and over!  Great purchase.
B004UJTG6Q|5.0|I grew up in a small town on the Mississippi River somewhat south of Hannibal where Mark Twain came from, so I really enjoy this story. It was fun to revisit after so many years. One thing I found interesting, because I remember when boys were supposed to ignore girls because they didn't like frogs, is Tom has a full-blown crush on Becky Thatcher that's not like a shy little boy's at all, except he can only express it by showing off around her, and of course it's G rated, even when they're alone together exploring the cave.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|Well worth the purchase price.  I didn't buy this early on although we are fans, but I am so glad that I finally made the purchase as we are enjoying all the songs on the CD.
B000FBJHZS|2.0|This and Brown's other pre-DaVinci novel are similar to the books he's famous far, except art history and religious speculation have been substituted for science speculation (or combined as in Angels and Demons).<br /><br />Given that readers more knowledgeable than I have dismissed the science in this book, I have to wonder whether he switched tracks because art is easier than science.<br /><br />Or perhaps it's more popular, because I doubt many people at this stage are as emotional about NASA as this book assumes.<br /><br />This is a wild ride that's barely credible, but of course exciting.<br /><br />And if you've read other Brown books, you'll easily guess who the ultimate villain is -- it follows the same formula of his other books.<br /><br />It read easily and was worthwhile. I would have given it 3 stars except he made Special Forces soldiers out to be bad guys, and I can't accept that.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|before I spend my money on this I want to know if its temple run and if it is, is it good? worth the money or is it a cheapsteak?
B006UG90RM|4.0|This album is more than what I was expecting, DLR sounds good with some studio treatment (saw them on recent youtube concert videos and he wasn't at his best).  VH sounds pretty close to their early 80's style on this album.  I think the catchiest song is \\"She's A Woman\\" (pretty short though).  \\"Blood and Fire\\" sounds alot like some licks from the 1984 movie \\"The Wild Life\\", which EVH did the soundtrack for.  I've only listened through this album a couple of times so far, but it's been growing on me.  I give 4 stars because I think the production could have been better (the older original line up albums have better stereo separation, dynamics), and I wish VH could have the full original line up with Michael Anthony.  But if Michael can't be there, Wolfgang is the next best.  Wish they would have included the \\"Tattoo\\" video on the deluxe edition DVD.  Looking forward to more VH in the future!
B005HSG3TC|5.0|All my friends have much more expensive tablets. I do the exact same things with my Kindle Fire... It doesn't get any better
B005DOL0R0|5.0|I receieved my Kindle for Christmas from my wife. She also purchased this sleeve to go with it. I am very happy with this sleeve. It is very protective within its' limitations(not a hard case). I was originally considering purchasing another case, but having this for two months now, I don't see any reason for another. I also am very curious about the reviews mentioning a bad odour. I am extremely sensitive to smells and I detected no discernible odour. Maybe two different batches or manufacturers....? I would definitely recommend this sleeve. It probably should be priced a little less, but other than that...
B0078JPVGY|5.0|Season One was the \\"Back Story\\" - giving the background, so to speak. Now? We enter into the real deal - the current events in Season Two, the characters having been \\"fleshed out,\\" and the good stuff coming to fore. This stands to be another version of the \\"X Files\\" as far as longevity...and most definitely, quality Television Series.
0446693804|5.0|In 2 words \\"Unbelievable reading\\", this book had me in laughter, and tears. It was an absolutely touching story, that i will always remember. Well written and just gorgeous. It made me think about those with this horrid cancer, how many of them had never been able to fulfil their dreams and wishes, and how this man loved her no matter what and made her dreams come true. This story was true love to me.
B002AS463W|1.0|I was unable to play this DVD as it was not playable in Australia. They knew they were posting to Australia and should have let me know
B002GJT4YQ|4.0|Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets<br />Ultimate Edition Blu-Ray<br /><br />Year:  2002<br />Rating:  PG<br />Runtime:  2 HRS 41 MIN (Theatrical), 2 HRS, 54 MIN (Extended)<br /><br />Directed:  Chris Columbus<br />Starring:  Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, Rupert Grint, Robbie Coltrane, Richard Harris, Maggie Smith, Alan Rickman, and Kenneth Branagh<br /><br />Film Rating:  3 out of 5 stars<br />Video Rating:  4 out of 5 stars<br />Audio Rating:  4 out of 5 stars<br />Extras:  4 out of 5 stars<br />Overall Rating:  4 out of 5 stars<br /><br />The Film<br /><br />As much as I hated Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone upon my first viewing I hated it's follow-up even more.  In the year following my first viewing of Sorcerer's Stone I hadn't bothered to re-watch the film so I went into the sequel with very little recollection of the events of that film.  To say I felt lost was an understatement, I didn't understand how the events in the Sorcerer's Stone tied to the Chamber of Secrets and by the end of this film I swore to never watch another Harry Potter film again.<br /><br />Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets picks up during Harry's summer holiday from Hogwarts.  His neglectful Aunt and Uncle are continuing their quest to try to stifle Harry's magical ability and force him to live a normal life.  Then one night Harry is visited by a strange creature named Dobby (who is a House Elf) who informs Harry he must not return to school or terrible things will happen at Hogwarts.  Harry of course disregards this warning from Doobie (I find it a lot more fun to call him Doobie rather than Dobby, I'm not sure why) and heads back to school anyways.  Of course, terrible things do begin happen at Hogwarts, most of which have something to do with the \\"Chamber of Secrets\\". Shockingly enough, our hero and his faithful friends must solve the mystery and of course, save the day.  There's also more Quiddich, a new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, and a few new characters are introduced that will play more integral parts in the series later on.<br /><br />In my review of Harry Potter and Sorcerer's Stone I went into detail about several issues that I thought hindered the film from being great.  Those issues included the film's director Chris Columbus, the child acting being less than amazing, and some shoddy CGI work by 2001 standards.  Chamber of Secrets improves on two out of three of those issues.  Chris Columbus is still in the director's chair for this installment and unfortunately not much has changed concerning his handling of the film.  Chamber of Secrets is bland and lacks the visual flare you'd expect to see from a film on this scale.  Far too often dramatic scenes are followed up with scenes that are filled with juvenile humor that robs the film of any real sense of danger or foreboding.  CGI work is improved on and doesn't show it's age quite as much as Sorcerer's Stone.  If you watch Sorcerer's Stone and Chamber of Secrets back-to-back you'll see a clear difference in the quality of the CGI, a great example comes in the form of the Quiddich match.  The first film's match looked pretty damn lousy whereas Chamber of Secrets looks somewhat decent by comparison. Where the film does clearly outclass its predecessor is in the children's performances.  While they're are still some issues with some of the youth cast, most make at least moderate improvements.  Emma Watson finally learned that she didn't have to over enunciate every other word in the script which made her less annoying over the course of a 2 1/2+ hour runtime.  Overall, most of the kids seem to feel a lot more comfortable in this film and that's important when they're the focus of the film.<br /><br />The \\"big\\" name addition to the cast is Kenneth Branagh (who recently directed Thor) as the new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Gilderoy Lockhart.  He replaced Hugh Grant who dropped out due to scheduling conflicts and I'm glad he did because Branagh's performance is often scene stealing and is one of highlights of the film.  Chamber of Secrets also introduces us to a few new adult characters that we'll see a lot more of in future films.  Mark Williams plays the Weasely's muggle obsessed father Arthur and Jason Isaacs plays Lucius Malfoy, the smarmy father of Harry Potter's school rival Draco Malfoy.  Throughout the books and to a lesser extent the films, fatherhood is an important underlying issue and these two characters represent the polar opposites on how to be a dad.  I'd be remiss not to mention the character of Doobie (I know it's Dobby but again, I like Doobie better) who I absolutely despised during my initial viewing of Chamber of Secrets.  After reading the books my feeling changed a bit for the character so if you're anything like me you might find yourself saying \\"@#$% this movie, Doobie pisses me off.\\"  Go ahead and take a deep breath and say to yourself, \\"I won't see this character again for quite a few movies\\" and move on.  He can be a bit much to handle but if you read the books your feeling for Doobie might change some and you might even find yourself liking the little bastard.<br /><br />Overall, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a better film than Sorcerer's Stone.  It's not leaps and bounds better but I think to those that are still Potter novices this film will be more accessible to them since they've already been exposed to the world of Harry Potter.  As with the first film, Chamber of Secrets stumbles some thanks mostly to it's director Chris Columbus and his wishy-washy direction and pacing.  Hardcore fans will argue that this is the purest film in the franchise due to how closely it follows the novel but what works on the page doesn't always translate well to the screen, so I wish the film would have deviated slightly from the book to make a involving film.<br /><br />The Blu-Ray<br /><br />Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secret's Ultimate Edition Blu-ray comes in an almost identical case as Sorcerer's Stone.  The main difference between to two aside from the artwork is the color of the cases and the numbering.  Sorcerer's Stone is blue and is labeled Year One and Chamber of Secrets is red and is labeled Year Two.  Inside our sturdy cardboard slipcover you'll find both the theatrical and extended cuts of the film, a second Blu-ray loaded with special features, a standard-def (SD) DVD of special features, a digital copy of the film (theatrical cut only), a collectible book, and two character cards (Rubeus Hagrid & Severus Snape)<br /><br />Just as in the case of Sorcerer's Stone, Chamber of Secrets features both the theatrical and extended cut of the film.  The extended cut is approximately 13 minutes longer than its theatrical counterpart bringing the film dangerously close to three hours long.  Most of the added footage isn't that exciting and amount to a few small moments of interest or are just extensions of existing scenes.  Book purists will be pleased that these moments have been added back in but if you decide to watch the theatrical cut you won't be missing much.<br /><br />Chamber of Secrets features the same Hi-Def transfer used for the previous Blu-ray and HD-DVD.  Only a year separates the first and second films but Chamber of Secrets has a better looking transfer than the first film.  Colors pop more, black levels are inkier, and detail is improved and more consistent.  Grain level is always appropriate and thankfully I didn't notice any use of DNR (Digital Noise Reduction) which if applied heavily can make people look like plastic or appear waxy.<br /><br />Featuring a DTS-HD Master Audio 6.1 track for the theatrical cut of the film and a DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 track for the extended cut Harry Potter sounds great no matter what version you watch. Dialogue is always crystal clear even when the score or on-screen action picks up.  Large chunks of this film are dialogue driven but when the action kicks into gear you'll notice impressive bass and good activity from the surround speakers.  One scene features hundreds of spiders crawling down from the surrounding trees to attack Harry and Ron and it's an extremely well done moment that made me check over my shoulder to make sure that no creepy-crawlers weren't about to pounce on me either.<br /><br />Disc one only offers up one special feature which is the PiP (Picture in Picture) commentary track with director Chris Columbus.  Some of what he has to say is interesting and the visual aids are mildly entertaining but there are long gaps in between segments and when the movie is almost three hours long that gets a little tiresome especially if you just watched the film all the way through.<br /><br />As with the previous Potter Ultimate Edition, the Creating the World of Harry Potter documentary is the premiere special feature in this set.  Part II:  Characters is an 80 minute long installment covering every character of mention in the Harry Potter series, not just those in Chamber of Secrets.  There's a good mix of interviews both new and old that delivers some great insight into not only how the characters have grown but how the actors have as well.  The documentary is filled with lots of behind the scenes footage and candid interviews from both the youth and adult cast.  This documentary series should be reason enough for some die hard fans invest in Ultimate Edition sets, they are right up there with the best documentaries I've seen offered on any Blu-ray or DVD set.  Next up is 12 minutes worth of screen tests of Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint which are presented in HD.  I'm surprised these were not included on the Sorcerer's Stone set but because of the \\"Characters\\" documentary, they thought the screen tests were a good companion piece.  Also included in HD are a selection of deleted scenes, most of which are included in the Extended Cut, total runtime of the deleted scenes is 17 minutes.  The last special features on the disc is the teaser (SD), trailer (HD), and 17 TV spots all presented in (SD)... as usual, if it's not in HD I hardly considerate worth watching which brings me to disc three.  The third disc in our set is full of non-HD extras that have been ported over from the old DVD releases and therefore I have once again avoided filling my Blu-ray player with such filth.<br /><br />Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a stronger entry than the Sorcerer's Stone but the franchise still hasn't hit its stride yet.  The kid actors have improved and the CGI is holds up a lot better but the film still suffers from Chris Columbus' overly family friendly style of film making.  If you made it through Sorcerer's Stone and are still interested in knowing what happens next to Harry and his friends then I think you'll enjoy Chamber of Secrets.  If you find yourself struggling through keep in mind that Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is coming up next and that's where the film series takes huge leaps forward.<br /><br />Conclusion<br /><br />I highly recommend Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets especially if you're a Potter fanatic.  If you're not interested in the wonderful Creating the World of Harry Potter documentaries or are a little more price consensus you can always pick up the single disc Blu-ray for about $10 and still get great video and audio minus the extended cut and documentary.  Either way you've got less than six weeks till Deathly Hallows Part 2 is released to get up to speed... Get to watching!one is blue and is labeled Year One and Chamber of Secrets is red and is labeled Year Two.  Inside our sturdy cardboard slipcover you'll find both the theatrical and extended cuts of the film, a second Blu-ray loaded with special features, a standard-def (SD) DVD of special features, a digital copy of the film (theatrical cut only), a collectible book, and two character cards (Rubeus Hagrid & Severus Snape)  Just as in the case of Sorcerer's Stone, Chamber of Secrets features both the theatrical and extended cut of the film.  The extended cut is approximately 13 minutes longer than its theatrical counterpart bringing the film dangerously close to three hours long.  Most of the added footage isn't that exciting and amount to a few small moments of interest or are just extensions of existing scenes.  Book purists will be pleased that these moments have been added back in but if you decide to watch the theatrical cut you won't be missing much.  Chamber of Secrets features the same Hi-Def transfer used for the previous Blu-ray and HD-DVD.  Only a year separates the first and second films but Chamber of Secrets has a better looking transfer than the first film.  Colors pop more, black levels are inkier, and detail is improved and more consistent.  Grain level is always appropriate and thankfully I didn't notice any use of DNR (Digital Noise Reduction) which if applied heavily can make people look like plastic or appear waxy.  Featuring a DTS-HD Master Audio 6.1 track for the theatrical cut of the film and a DTS-HD Master Audio 5.1 track for the extended cut Harry Potter sounds great no matter what version you watch. Dialogue is always crystal clear even when the score or on-screen action picks up.  Large chunks of this film are dialogue driven but when the action kicks into gear you'll notice impressive bass and good activity from the surround speakers.  One scene features hundreds of spiders crawling down from the surrounding trees to attack Harry and Ron and it's an extremely well done moment that made me check over my shoulder to make sure that no creepy-crawlers weren't about to pounce on me either.  Disc one only offers up one special feature which is the PiP (Picture in Picture) commentary track with director Chris Columbus.  Some of what he has to say is interesting and the visual aids are mildly entertaining but there are long gaps in between segments and when the movie is almost three hours long that gets a little tiresome especially if you just watched the film all the way through.  As with the previous Potter Ultimate Edition, the Creating the World of Harry Potter documentary is the premiere special feature in this set.  Part II:  Characters is an 80 minute long installment covering every character of mention in the Harry Potter series, not just those in Chamber of Secrets.  There's a good mix of interviews both new and old that delivers some great insight into not only how the characters have grown but how the actors have as well.  The documentary is filled with lots of behind the scenes footage and candid interviews from both the youth and adult cast.  This documentary series should be reason enough for some die hard fans invest in Ultimate Edition sets, they are right up there with the best documentaries I've seen offered on any Blu-ray or DVD set.  Next up is 12 minutes worth of screen tests of Daniel Radcliffe, Emma Watson, and Rupert Grint which are presented in HD.  I'm surprised these were not included on the Sorcerer's Stone set but because of the \\"Characters\\" documentary, they thought the screen tests were a good companion piece.  Also included in HD are a selection of deleted scenes, most of which are included in the Extended Cut, total runtime of the deleted scenes is 17 minutes.  The last special features on the disc is the teaser (SD), trailer (HD), and 17 TV spots all presented in (SD)... as usual, if it's not in HD I hardly considerate worth watching which brings me to disc three.  The third disc in ourset is full of non-HD extras that have been ported over from the old DVD releases and therefore I have once again avoided filling my Blu-ray player with such filth.  Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is a stronger entry than the Sorcerer's Stone but the franchise still hasn't hit its stride yet.  The kid actors have improved and the CGI is holds up a lot better but the film still suffers from Chris Columbus' overly family friendly style of film making.  If you made it through Sorcerer's Stone and are still interested in knowing what happens next to Harry and his friends then I think you'll enjoy Chamber of Secrets.  If you find yourself struggling through keep in mind that Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is coming up next and that's where the film series takes huge leaps forward.  Conclusion  I highly recommend Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets especially if you're a Potter fanatic.  If you're not interested in the wonderful Creating the World of Harry Potter documentaries or are a little more price consensus you can always pick up the single disc Blu-ray for about $10 and still get great video and audio minus the extended cut and documentary.  Either way you've got less than six weeks till Deathly Hallows Part 2 is released to get up to speed... Get to watching!
B0018LX9T4|1.0|I was unable to play this DVD as it was not playable in Australia. They knew they were posting to Australia and should have let me know
B0073LWEXK|4.0|is this like temple run? I want to know before I buy it. this would be brest if someone comments so I see it. yeah, so thanks...
0439023521|3.0|As a 31 year old man I was looking for something stupid to read after finishing some serious books on science and history. I wanted something fun. And this was it. The hunger games is about a self absorbed teenage girl, who mopes around thinking that she is sacrificing everything for everyone else while her actions speak to a stronger and braver soul.  I really dislike the writing at times, it's so frustrating when the internal dialog says things like, \\"This must be how birds feel, except birds are free and I'm the opposite.\\" I'm paraphrasing from memory but still, seriously? That is not writing it's clichd and unnecessary, so is a lot of the writing in the book.  If you get over the terrible writing style you will find a highly entertaining, fast paced adventure. That is why I'll give it 3 stars (If \\"Ender's Game\\" is 5stars) for a scifi novel. What makes good story telling is the ability to make the reader want to continue, I mean every chapter ends with a \\"cliff hanger\\" I think one chapter literally ended with the protagonist hanging on a tree branch for her very life. Good story telling bad writing, enjoy it.
0385342063|5.0|I love Sophia Kinsella and I loved this book!  I found myself laughing out loud a few times (got a few strange looks in DMV) and liked the way she twisted through the story.  Predictable, kind of.  But really, it's a romance/humor novel.  If she didn't end up with who you thought she should, you would be mad!
1599218011|5.0|Kris Carr's Crazy Sexy Diet is more a way of life than a diet.  Carr is an inspiration: many people who've gotten her diagnosis, or something similar, are all too willing to take meds and give up.  I very much appreciate the lesson she teaches, that you can fix yourself from the inside out.  A lot of the things that we've been taught about food are myths and products of subsidies and other deals.  Eating right and being healthy is not hard if you want it.  If you can get over your addictions to sugar and the like, you can change your life.  She makes sense.  As for me, I can tell you that while I was eating healthfully as Carr teaches, I felt great.  Just being and eating clean opened up sources of energy I never knew I had.  Even my attitude was better.  I have since relapsed with my addiction to sugar, and I have to reread this book and snap out of that.  These kinds of books are what you make them.  It is important to note here that not all of the dietary restrictions that Carr prescribes will work for everyone, and she advocates doing what works for you.  The juicing portion of the book is invaluable.  The vitamins and minerals in fresh vegetables and fruits are what moves your system.  I was a little disappointed that there were not more recipes, but Carr has just come out with a new book devoted specifically to juicing and blending.  An alkaline diet is also important.  Think about it: if you can feel the acidity in your body in your chest every night after dinner, say, best to avoid those foods, isn't it?  Germs and viruses thrive in alkaline conditions.  If you could change just a few things in your diet and rid yourself of the flu, bronchitis, yeast infections, bacterial infections, etc., wouldn't you?  I've eliminated certain things in my diet and I've stuck with it, but I'm not going to tell you I don;'t still crave them.  Take soda, for example.  I was a big diet soda drinker, since childhood all the way up until a year or so ago.  Every once in a while,I crave a Coke like you wouldn't believe, but any carbonated drink wreaks havoc on your gastrointestinal system.  Soda is a rare treat rather than the norm in my life.  I'm also starting to reconsider milk.  As I get older, i find my system doesn't tolerate what it used to, and milk falls into this category.  The challenge is that I've grown up, and am still told by my mother, that milk and dairy is the way to get your calcium.  That's not necessarily so.  Why is it more expensive to eat healthy and so much cheaper to hit McDonald's every night?  Because of government subsidies.  I see that a lot of people here are hung up on the language Carr uses.  Way to miss the point.  But I realize her tone doesn't work for everyone.  Personally, I thought the conversational tone, and yes, her use of curse words, is just right for a book that is really geared toward people who have partied too much and made themselves sick.  The language is a masterful move.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|is is slop great I love it so much I really regimens it even though some games are hard but it id still great
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This is an awesome app to capture thoughts and ideas and organize them for your use. Highly recommended for those who don't want to loose important ideas. It really helps me by being easy and pleasant to use. I keep coming back writing and capturing my ideas.  Additional feature that I would appreciate is multilevel bullet points. It'll be nice to have to capture nested ideas...
0345529057|5.0|I started reading after seeing the HBO show's first season. It is a spectacular series and I am not normally a fantasy reader. The first 3 books are somewhat stronger than the fourth which according to the author is because the fourth and fifth were split into two. There are fantasy elements, and a rather complex world, but the primary elements are good characters, both likeable and hate-able and a lot of political intrigue.
B0040318QS|2.0|I just got in Deguello on Vinyl and many of the tracks skip while theres not a sratch on it. My needle is fine and other recordsplay perfectly. Side A, 3 tracks skip, side B, 1 does. Although on the packaging it say \\"pressed with more care than ever\\", I'm wonderring if I recieved a defective copy from manufacturing. This is a great album and unfortunately I'm liking my copy.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|game is good. recommend for kids. having to play games to unlock games makes you strategize and replay games to get them to the top score
B004H1V5RU|3.0|I got this for a Christmas exchange for a 12 year old who's pretty handy. She had a hard time and we passed it around the room of twenty people. Everyone young and old had a bit of an issue. It takes patience and several tries but it is fun. I suggest the easier model, which my nephew got.
B0029F21BA|5.0|I'm not a big fan of this movie.  Nonetheless, as someone who was born and raised in the Boston area, I can attest to the accurate rendering of personalities by the actors.  In my experience, many people in that area are walled-off (emotionally), defensive, aggressive, and cynical.  Further, the actors accurately rendered speech, mannerisms, and the (noteworthy) Boston accent of the area.  It is a tragic and sad story, which is why I didn't enjoy it.  Nonetheless, I recommend it (highly) for its excellent production, direction, cinematography, script, and acting.  It is an excellent movie and deserves all the awards it has received.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|This is super fun though a little frustrating at times!!!!!!!!! I loved it before I got my kindle I would beg my brother and dad to play. But when I get it I play it all the time!!!!!!
B00637HXNG|5.0|I went to see the Scorpions live with The Michael Schenker Group in Chicago - 2010. After watching this concert in Blu-ray.... i was Blown Away!! I was Back at the concert!!!  Rudolf Schenker and Matthias Jabs Kickin your Teeth in with their guitar...Klaus Meine sounds Outstanding!!! Kottak Attack!! from the Drub Solo!! This Disc Exceeded my Expectation from the Picture to the Sound!! In addition, this will play in your standard Blu-Ray Player! If your a Die Hard Scorpions Fan...like me....This is a must have!! Scorpions Rock On! \m/
1594203334|4.0|Having actually READ this book, I saw it not as a treatise on French parenting, but rather the author's investigation of French cultural traditions underlying their parenting style. As an American, Druckerman contrasts the foibles of raising her own rapidly growing family in Paris against her observations of the calm and disciplined French approach. Her approach is witty, engaging and funny! She's not overly academic, more self-deprecating in fact, as she investigates how French families make raising children look so effortless. So armed with a degree in International Affairs from Columbia University and sound journalistic credentials (Wall Street Journal, New York Times) Druckerman begins her inquiry deep into French culture to discover the basis of their methods. Her investigation forms the crux of the book recounted in an amusing narrative style.  If you're interested in cultural studies, I recommend the book for this alone; because as an experienced journalist, Druckerman carefully unpeels the layers of the French cultural \\"mystique\\" through interviews with noted experts and by exploring documented research. She also conducts candid discussions with friends and associates to uncover how cultural traditions are applied in their own families. She distills her findings into several maxims on French parenting, culture and life...and they're good!  While she's not too in your face with her new found wisdom (as some reviewers have implied), she does poke fun at the laissez-faire American parenting style beset by screaming, unruly toddlers; and that may offend some! In all fairness to Americans though, our culture is predicated on the self-made individualist who triumphs over adversity. And while American's overindulgent parenting has gone TOO far in some respects, cultivating a certain degree of competitiveness is imperative for survival here; Druckerman criticizes Americans without underscoring that cultural difference. But in the end, her story should cause some parents to check their own ideas with a French \\"le pause\\" and attempt to raise children that are independent and cultivated too. As a parent myself, I couldn't agree with her more!
0525478817|5.0|I have to admit that I had ridiculously high expectations for this novel: I've known and loved John Green's other works for quite some time- the mere idea that this one might be anything less than John's usual standard wasn't something I was willing to entertain. Then there was the fact that I had pre-ordered my copy about six months before it was released, meaning that by the time the shiny blue cover dropped through the letterbox I was just about ready to explode from suppressed excitement and nervous butterflies. Of course, I needn't have worried that I'd be disappointed.  The Fault in Our Stars didn't just live up to my expectations, but blew them all into microscopic pieces and set a whole new, glittering bar for Young Adult fiction in the future.  I'll spare you the plot details, save to say that TFiOS is simply about being young; about falling in love for the first time; about facing mortality and illness and deciding how you reconcile with the fact that nothing, not you or the greatest novels or the best people, can exist forever. Simply put, TFiOS is beautiful and whilst the story is tinged with plenty of sadness, you can't help but feel uplifted by the warmth and humour that permeates every chapter in the form of Hazel and Augustus.  Read it. Love it. Devote your attention to it wholeheartedly. And most importantly give yourself plenty of time, because the moment you finish you'll want to turn back to the first page and start all over again.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I really like this app. The games are engaging enough to keep my interest, and keep me playing to unlock more games. as far as the updating issues I am reading about, I just won't do the updates.
0316098515|5.0|This book tells the story of their journey to transform an already special place into one of the most innovative dining experiences available today. The story is wrapped around their amazing recipes, categorized by season, and includes stunning photographs of their creations that are an experience in themselves. The story includes insights into their menu, service and management philosophies that are integral to the overall success of Eleven Madison Park.  The Cookbook is beautifully executed in high quality paper and workmanship and is reflective of the experience one would have going to their establishment. And, the recipes are there for the trying. A truly amazing experience and a great value!
0307591549|5.0|This book could put the dope man out of business in your life. Happiness is a choice and this book shows you how to make the right choices and get your head where it needs to be and you will be happy without dope, alcohol, over eating,or hanging out with a bunch of negative losers. Do yourself a big favor; read this book and apply its teaching to your life. You will be happy.
B0067LY4WG|1.0|For fans of Cohen which I am one,you are going to be sooo disappointed .. If you were hoping for something as good or better than 'I'm Your Man' or 'Ten New Songs' you are wasting your money !!!! 'Old & Tired' would have been a better title..The album sounds like it was recorded after one of Cohen's 'too long' concerts,tired chant with a little uninteresting music and very average backing vocals ...I really wish before he or I kick of that he can come up with another 'epic'
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|Finally, someone who is bringing sensibility back to music!  What a talented man, and his music makes is so positive & uplifting!  Makes me dance in my chair.  Love this album, love him, and hope he doesn't fall victim to \\"celebrity\\" and remains true to his music.  I love all the 60's influences in it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I would have given this app 5 stars but I can't do to the video adds that ONLY show up LATE at NIGHT. They have sound that plays out LOUD even if your phone is on SILENT! Please fix this and I will rate this with 5 stars! :)
B001FB5634|3.0|When I read the book I couldn't wait to see the movie.  It is good but I was disappointed that it was not as bleak as the book described -there was more color and less inclement weather than the book.  Where was the ash?  I was also disappointed that the boat scene was so short and the boat so different from the novel which described a pleasure craft.  Viggo was very good. The boy was too whiny and too healthy for having been through what his 'papa' had been through too.  Will
0792839749|5.0|This was one of my favorite movie when I was a child and now I have the pleasure of sharing it with m, y son.  He loves this movie and it places value of \\"Family\\" to it's viewer.  The DVD came is great condition and I am very pleased.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Very addictive game get it while you can. Game features and keeps you interested. Great game for keeping smaller children entertained. Just awesome in the very least.
B006UG90RM|5.0|Been listening to the album since it came out.  Man, I love it.  Fav tracks: She's the Woman, Big River (one of Eddie's best face melting guitar solos ever at 1:46, no kidding), Beat's Workin' and You and Your Blues...ah heck, I'll throw Stay Frosty in there cause it's a lot of fun (Dave's a riot).  Truly has the classic VH sound.  A final comparison appropriate for many in the VH generation (certainly for me anyway):  The Star Wars prequals - I wanted to love them.  I had a sinking and hollow feeling after I watched them, but wanted to believe they were great (I even fooled myself for a while).  I read reviews that said they were great movies.  I wanted the greatness of the series from the glory days of my childhood to return.  With each re-viewing, I saw even more clearly what genuine steaming piles of crap these movies were.  They were so bad, they actually tarnished the greatness of the originals for me.  The new VH album - I wanted to love it.  I had a sinking and hollow feeling after I heard \\"Tattoo\\", but wanted to believe the album could still be good.  I wanted the greatness of this iconic band from my childhood to return.  With each re-listening of the entire album, I heard even more clearly that this is truly great classic Van-Halen...that Eddie has reverted back to his 70s/early 80s electrifying self...that flamboyant Dave, while range-challanged, can still rock the mic in his inimitable, hilariously cool way...that they can make songs that amp me up in my car, put a smile on my face, and make me want to grab a babe and party.  I haven't heard any song that made me feel like taking on the world with a stick shift and a six pack in a loooonnnnnggggg time (no I don't drink and drive, buy ya know what I mean!).  No cool-aide drinking here guys.  I've had time to reflect and compare this album to their first six AND the bootlegs from the 76 demo and house parties: this album is the real deal.  They are back.  And after almost 30 years of waiting, for this tohappen, it's nothing short of a miracle from the rock gods!!!!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I got this as a FAOTD, but it'd be worth the cost :)<br /><br />Haven't encountered any negatives about this game. It's very fun and a great way to pass the time!<br /><br />Keeps you going by unlocking new stuff and giving you little \\"side missions\\" within a bag of groceries (for example, don't crush any of the eggs, but all watermelons!).<br /><br />I only dislike that if you go back to a level that \\"taught\\" you something at the beginning, you have to wait until it's down giving you the rundown.
B001R3YRG2|4.0|10 stars for every scene with Michael Douglas. I was less blown away by the supporting case: police captain; actually, all the other cops; Prendergrast's wife (yikes); even Barbara Hershey. These characters were, on the whole, shallow, stereotyped, and not believable. No matter. Each and every scene with Michael Douglas is riveting. Witness his character's not-so-slow descent through a modern Los Angeles version of Dante's Inferno. There's black comedy here, but not the laugh-out-loud variety. More like wincing inwardly, because you know it's true: every man has a breaking point.<br /><br />Falling Down is a sort of anti-[[ASIN:B0000541AN Death Wish]]. Foster's rampage here is selfish. While his angst is both real and pitiable, his killing spree furthers only his own short-term interests. Even [[ASIN:B000R8YC18 Taxi Driver]]'s Travis Bickle acted for others, even if he did so impetuously.<br /><br />When I watch this next, I'll just skip to all the good scenes. Korean grocery. The gang-bangers. Whammy Burger (an homage to the infamous diner scene from [[ASIN:B00002VWE0 Five Easy Pieces]]). Army-Navy store. Golf course. The film's climax was, for me, anticlimactic.<br /><br />So anyway, how did Michael Douglas not even score an Oscar nomination? Well, like he says on the bonus featurette, the film is far from uplifting, and indeed, was difficult to find a studio to make it. This Deluxe Edition includes a commentary track (Michael Douglas with director Joel Schumacher).
B0063IH60K|4.0|nice boards solid game play. How can you mess up Solitaire? Wait I take that back, maybe someone will figure out a way to mess it up!
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|It really does what it says it can do.  It is like having Microsoft Office in your pocket.  I love it.
B006M4F67A|3.0|On the first puzzle I had 2 stars ( beating my best time) Then I beat both of these & it  won't give me the star. It's frustrating me. Other then that it seems to be a pretty good game. I just loaded Random Mahjong based on the reviews, hopefully  I'll like it.
B00395ZYVS|5.0|Thank u for writing this book! You have really made a positive impression on the Global Indian adoptee community! You accurately capture Asha's adoptive experience and many of us forget it is a work of fiction! This is in my top 3 favorite books! THANK U AGAIN.I have recommended it to many of my fellow Indian adoptees. :)
1439170916|5.0|As a nurse, I've seen many cancer patients (most from a distance because I'm not working with them). This book gives incredible background and history to Cancer. It's amazing and sad to think of the examples, like the egyptian mummies that have signs of having had breast cancer. When we think about this disease, it's important to have the perspective that this book provides.
B005SFR7YE|5.0|Yesterday I got my POTO 25th anniversary Albert Hall and I just love the show. I have seen the show 6 times. There were parts of the show that were tweeked and surprises. Spectacular. Ramin K,Sierra B and Wendy Ferguson were outstanding. I am so happy I purchased the dvd.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Does (almost) everything that I need for a Bible app to do and a great deal more than I expected. Nice interface, good usability, decent tool bag. Need a tool or two more to meet the needs of an in-depth studier/teacher, but still totally useful. Great app!
0307237699|1.0|I can't believe I read the whole thing.  I guess because it was there.  I think the only reason anyone gives this five stars is because they voted for him and like him.  Its junk.
0061743526|5.0|I highly recommend this book to all people. Even though it is a book that it is required in most school district curriculums, To Kill a Mockingbird is very entertaining, and also has many benefits to society. Instead of getting the indecent values that the regular media tends to give on the radio, television, and the internet, this book will inspire people to be virtuous. Atticus Finch is the hero that children need. The youth of America will learn about being courageous, considerate, and most importantly candor. This will be a refreshing change when compared to Tiger Woods, and the members of Jersey Shore. Not only will this increase responsibility and virtue, but by reading a book instead of watching television, attention spans can be lengthened. This novel will entertain, it will inspire many, and it will provide a change. I thoroughly enjoyed reading To Kill a Mockingbird and would urge many of you to read it.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Super fun tetris-like game. The story and trailer behind this game is cute. I would put the fun level and story in the category of Cut the Rope and Angry Birds. It also has a fun game type of crushing all the groceries you can, really taking the stress out of you.  Definitely try out this game if you can, worth it.
0307888908|1.0|First, I totally disagree with this book.  Reid, himself, did build a successful \\"Linkedin\\" startup.  but that is only the beginning of the IPO.  How can he sustain in the long term of IPO is the key of the real success.  Like Apple, has been around for many many years.  time will tell.  In addition,  the comment he have with his book were all his buddies.  why can he have some third party(outsider) to comment his book.  And, the way he analyzed the competition with China and USA, it is just hitting the tipping point of it.  Not in the detail.  Personally, from what I see his activities, all of his action is himself.  not really doing something that is really contributing to the community.  BAD
B000NSJ4Q0|5.0|I purchased the [[ASIN:B0049JO71G Pixel TD-381 battery Power Pack for for Canon Speedlites 580EX II, EX580, EX550, MR-14EX,MT-24EX, extremely stable fast recycle time 1.24S]] first to save some money. Unfortunately I received a dead unit, which seems to be a recurring theme  with that product.<br /><br />I spent the extra cash to purchase the Canon name brand version and it works perfectly! The refresh rate is exactly as advertised, the form factor is good, the instructions were written by someone fluent in English and were informative while also pleasantly concise. This is the product I need to get the job done.
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|I read that book many times I just can't get over it!!!  I love it, first I was afraid because of the negatives reviews, but seriously do not let those reviews change your opinion about buying this book cause you'll miss something!  Enjoy every single lines of this book, I know I did & I know you will!
B002N1AEN2|5.0|Totally amazing. Nothing beats the voice of Oliver Sim. Over the top, oozing with sensuality! Can't wait for the next album!
B005PTYOTE|5.0|Great seller, great bundle! Package was received unharmed and on time! I would by from this provider hands down again. Same movies at target are worth twice as much!
B001LF347E|5.0|I greatly enjoy this series and enjoy their take on the Arthurian legend. I appreciate getting to know Morgana before she becomes evil, it really makes me wish she will stay good (also nice to see a woman best a man every now and again).
1451627289|5.0|\\"This fifty-years-gone world smelled worse than I ever would have expected but it tasted a whole hell of a lot better.\\"<br /><br />In this day and age of hyper internet activity where getting together for a family cooked meal daily perhaps added to this better tasting `food world'.<br /><br />Jake Epping is a teacher, living in Maine, recently divorced from his alcoholic though AA attending wife. He teaches school, and also a class of Adult Education English students.<br /><br />The past will start in Maine, where Jake will become George Amberson going back to late summer 1958. Jake will make it to Derry, Maine a place that George will associate with what is not right about society.<br /><br />Derry, Maine in 1958 is a precursor to the way life is in 50 years ago America, Stephen says. For instance Pay Day a popular shopping day Friday, but you won't find men grocery shopping, just women!<br /><br />What is keen about Stephen King (and this is the first book I have read of his - what took me so long?) is his insight into people's personalities. Frank Dunning is the father of Harry Dunning, a former Adult Education student of present day Jake. In 1958 Derry, Maine Harry is a young boy whose father is about to kill and maim Harry's siblings and mom. Harry is harmed and in present day 2011 walks with a limp, as the high school janitor at Jake's school. Harry received an A+ in Jake's English class for his paper describing this 1958 incident. We all know people can charm, George says in the book, \\"it doesn't matter if you're talking 1958, 1985, or 2011, in America, where surface has always passed for substance, people always believe guys like Frank Dunning.\\" They are able to charm their way into others hearts.<br /><br />George learns to act and dress like you belong in 1958 Maine, and by God people think you do!<br /><br />Jake (George) likes 1958. He says it is noticeably stinkier, the air quality, but the food tastes good and milk is delivered to your door. He realizes how addicted he was to his computer and answering emails.<br /><br />Since Dallas, Texas will be the theme location of the book George will have to move there. He buys a red convertible while in Maine and thus with old money, (you wouldn't want to be caught with currency that has the year 2011 on it would you?) is able to get around and pay rent, wherever he decides to live, or should I say Lee Harvey Oswald decides to live.<br /><br />Now as an 11 year old (Stephen King was 16 so his memories will be more mature than mine) I deeply recall where I was when Kennedy was assassinated. I was in school, and the school still stands as a historical museum, so of course I am now history and ancient! But I didn't know much about Oswald and his family; except that I thought he was a creepy guy, and a dangerous one at that. Stephen King has done much research into this troubled man, who lived in America, went to Russia, married had a child June, brought his wife, child and himself back to America from Minsk, Russia in the early 1960s.<br /><br />George is going to live in Fort Worth and Dallas as Lee moves around, which he does often before that fateful November 1963 Friday afternoon. George also settles in the rural town of Jodi, Texas near Dallas. Jake is able to hire in as a substitute at the local high school, he's 35 years old and becomes well liked by the faculty and staff. Though since his past will go back to Florida where he was before Texas and then back up through Massachusetts and starting in Maine, he then vanishes from having an earlier Past! That will bring some problems, but because it is obvious that Jake (George) is a great teacher and has superb experience it will not be a problem, at least at first.<br /><br />George becomes the theatrical teacher for a couple of plays at the school and will influence the life of students, such as Mike and Bobbie Jill. George will meet a young school teacher transferring to the high school named Sadie. She is 28 years oldand if she is still alive today she would be about 80 years old.<br /><br />The subtle mistakes Jake says as George such as `Don't ask, Don't tell' bring a \\"huh\\" from Sadie when he says a phrase used in 21st century America. Stephen is good at relating things that we as people do.<br /><br />Lee Harvey Oswald believed that big business exploited the common man; it might explain his life in Russia and coming back to the United States. He would, as Stephen King points out in the book be seen distributing leaflets, at docks, promoting the common man, Marxist type of propaganda. Castro removed the wealthy from their plantations, and is a Communist. Oswald supported Castro. President Kennedy was definitely anti-Castro. He ordered the Bay of Pigs. I don't remember this being about 9 years old. But I do remember the tension of the Cuban Missile Crisis, months later. George Amberson is surprised to see people tense, since he was taught this part of history but without the emotional impact it had on people alive at the time. I was extremely proud of my president telling Russia to remove any missiles and told the Russians that the United States military would stop any ships containing missiles or their parts to Cuba.<br /><br />This Cuban Bay of Pigs episode could have been the spark that egged Lee Oswald on to do that deadly deed of killing our President. The question the book points out, did he do this alone? Much of the book goes into this. I won't discuss this anymore as you will read that for yourself.<br /><br />George describes the dancing Mike and Bobbie Jill, two of his former students who have graduated from Jodi. These students today would be around 70 years old. They are dancing to the music of Glen Miller's \\"In the Mood\\" and George says, \\"Mike and Bobbie Jill danced in their time, and their time was 1963, that era of crew cuts, console televisions and homemade garage rock.\\" They dance on a day when President Kennedy promised to sign a nuclear test ban treaty and told reporters he had no intention of allowing our military forces to be mired in arcane politics and ancient grudges of Southeast Asia.<br /><br />To one who knows Jake is from the future, that person asks, \\"tell me one good thing about the future.\\" Jake thinks about cell phones, suicide bombers, melting ice caps, maybe another time! But then Jake grins and says, \\"I'll give you two for the price of one. The Cold War is over and the President is a Black Man!<br /><br />So if John Fitzgerald Kennedy survived an attack on his life on November 22, 1963 what happened next? Does Kennedy get re-elected? Do we avoid going to War in Vietnam? What happens to Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King beyond 1968? What is life like in this `new revised 2011'?<br /><br />Read the book - It's a Good One!h as `Don't ask, Don't tell' bring a \\"huh\\" from Sadie when he says a phrase used in 21st century America. Stephen is good at relating things that we as people do.  Lee Harvey Oswald believed that big business exploited the common man; it might explain his life in Russia and coming back to the United States. He would, as Stephen King points out in the book be seen distributing leaflets, at docks, promoting the common man, Marxist type of propaganda. Castro removed the wealthy from their plantations, and is a Communist. Oswald supported Castro. President Kennedy was definitely anti-Castro. He ordered the Bay of Pigs. I don't remember this being about 9 years old. But I do remember the tension of the Cuban Missile Crisis, months later. George Amberson is surprised to see people tense, since he was taught this part of history but without the emotional impact it had on people alive at the time. I was extremely proud of my president telling Russia to remove any missiles and told the Russians that the United States military would stop any ships containing missiles or their parts to Cuba.  This Cuban Bay of Pigs episode could have been the spark that egged Lee Oswald on to do that deadly deed of killing our President. The question the book points out, did he do this alone? Much of the book goes into this. I won't discuss this anymore as you will read that for yourself.  George describes the dancing Mike and Bobbie Jill, two of his former students who have graduated from Jodi. These students today would be around 70 years old. They are dancing to the music of Glen Miller's \\"In the Mood\\" and George says, \\"Mike and Bobbie Jill danced in their time, and their time was 1963, that era of crew cuts, console televisions and homemade garage rock.\\" They dance on a day when President Kennedy promised to sign a nuclear test ban treaty and told reporters he had no intention of allowing our military forces to be mired in arcane politics and ancient grudges of Southeast Asia.  To one whoknows Jake is from the future, that person asks, \\"tell me one good thing about the future.\\" Jake thinks about cell phones, suicide bombers, melting ice caps, maybe another time! But then Jake grins and says, \\"I'll give you two for the price of one. The Cold War is over and the President is a Black Man!  So if John Fitzgerald Kennedy survived an attack on his life on November 22, 1963 what happened next? Does Kennedy get re-elected? Do we avoid going to War in Vietnam? What happens to Robert Kennedy and Martin Luther King beyond 1968? What is life like in this `new revised 2011'?  Read the book - It's a Good One!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is a very fun and challenging game. Layout wise, reminds me of Angry Birds, just as addictive too. Get this game for sure!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|i had a lot of fun with this game. my daughter really liked it, needed help with a few games.
B004OCCKX0|5.0|I only wish the 13th floor elevators had the chance to record something other than lo-fi but it is what it is.  Great songs, for sure.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|love the first page so far but I haven't reached the second or higher. its a great app for long car rides
B005I6EVUG|5.0|Daddy picked this case out for me, with the Kindle Fire, as a present. It was such a pleasant surprise to see that he recognizes my taste! I love the color, the script and feel of this cover. It reminds me of the beauty of real books and journals, which could play a part in how I am adjusting so well to this whole e-book thing.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good fun for nothing my little brother like it very much and he say it good and I like if is a lot of fun for nothing.
B00632HWOG|4.0|I don't know what everyone is complaining about. This app works great on my Kindle Fire and downloaded in less than 2 minutes...Love it!
1935670913|5.0|Wow. I finished this book in a day, and am now completely changing my marketing strategy. I'm a published author, but publishing marketing budgets are tight these days and anyway, I like taking responsibility for my own career and sales. This book genuinely has some genius insights from an extremely clever person, who is also a very nice, decent man who cares about his fans. This is important because to buy something, you have to like who you're buying from, and John Locke cares about the people who might buy from him, which of course is a very good reason to like him.<br />I will be trying all his techniques with my book [...], so if you see it in the bestsellers you'll know why!
B0063IH60K|3.0|It's pretty cool.  Though, adds pop up after every deal.  I wouldn't mind it as much if the adds were occasional.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|my daughter loves this game. she cant wait to unlock more games. definitely worth four stars. good luck to everyone.
B000066NW0|5.0|I just love Avril Lavigne's first album Let Go. I did hear her on the radio all the time when I was in middle school. I did hear her first song \\"Complicated\\" when it came out in 2002. My favorite songs are on this album is Losing Grip, Complicated, Sk8er Boi, I'm With You, Mobile, Unwanted, Anything But Ordinary, Things I'll Never Say, My World, and Nobody's Fool. This album is enjoyable to listen to.
B00004R7TP|5.0|Hounds of Love is a haunting experience.  You see I was 4 years old when this album was released in 1985.  The music within perfectly captures the vibes and memories of the mid 80's.  It takes me back to those golden preschool years and, even though I've never actually heard Hounds of Love back then, the atmosphere is so spiritual that it's like the music was there with me the whole time.<br /><br />\\"Hello Earth\\" is a back and forth exchange between two different types of religious chants.  You have Kate Bush singing the female chants, and the male voices providing the role of those particular chants.  The results are that the atmosphere is extraordinarily impactful and definitely an example of art-rock utilized to its full potential.  \\"Running Up That Hill (A Deal with God)\\" continues with the hazy, memorable vibes of the mid 80's with vocals tucked comfortably in the background while a dance beat keeps the rhythm flowing.  It's oddly spiritual and I honestly don't even *want* the song to speed up.  It would totally ruin the atmosphere.  The way it is, is just fine.  Madonna tried to write a song this good back in the day but... to tell you the truth, I really don't wanna bash Madonna or compare her magnificent work to Kate Bush.  Two different artists.<br /><br />\\"Cloudbusting\\" has string arrangements that are totally fitting.  The entire song is pleasantly repetitive, and that's how it SHOULD be.  Kate's vocals grow on you dramatically too- they seem forgettable at first and then, BAM, suddenly you're falling in love with them.  There's definitely a religious vibe running through this entire album and it's not necessarily Kate's voice *alone* giving it such an overwhelming effect- it's actually the repetitive nature of the material.  It's hard to explain but it works.  This album was released at just the right time in history.  Man, this album just gets better.  I swear it does!!  \\"The Big Sky\\" is based around an irresistible beat.  I refuse to resist!  I must dance the night away!  Dance the night away... creatively and spiritually.  Hmmm, yes.<br /><br />\\"Watching You Without Me\\" is like a look back at my childhood.  The atmosphere makes childhood memories come to life again.  \\"Waking the Witch\\" takes a while to get going but once it does... well truth be told, this particular tune is fairly forgettable or perhaps it's not and just the lengthy talkative intro is turning me off and preventing me from opening up to the rest of the tune.  I really don't know.  \\"Pinks and Posies, red red roses, GO DOWN!\\"  Alright I like that line quite a bit!  \\"Jig of Life\\" is some kind of... hoedown ritual?  Wow is THIS strange, haha.  Wonderful violin solo too... even though that's basically all there is to the second half of the tune.<br /><br />This album is just plain different.  People can analyze it any way they choose- I just know it's good because it sounds like nothing else, so yeah, go ahead and buy it from amazon.<br /><br />Update- March 14, 2012.  Well this album is going to haunt me for another reason after being hit with some terrible news tonight.  My basset hound of 14 years might be put to sleep tomorrow because his health has fallen apart suddenly.  You see what I DIDN'T mention when I said this album is \\"haunting\\" is that in 1986 my mom developed cancer and that completely changed my life.  Despite not being familiar with this album back in 1986, the atmosphere contains every unusual, and yes, *haunting* nook and cranny that takes me back to those dreaded days.  There's just something about Kate's heavenly voice, the eerie and \\"fluffy\\" arrangements, and the time period that makes it hard for me to replay it.  With this tragic news of my dog... and considering the album is called Hounds of Love... yikes!  I might never play the album again.  Still, don't let me personal situation interfere with the enjoyment *you* will probably get out of the album.  I'd never expect my personal life to change somebody elses point of view.It would be selfish on my part to expect that.  You have your own memories and your own life, so I'd never want to lay my set of horrendous circumstances on another person.  None of this changes the 5-star excellent rating this album most certainly deserves, of course.  It's just unfortunate this album has that \\"bad news\\" vibe that's impossible for me to shake off, and now the bad news relates to TWO personal circumstances, ugh.<br /><br />Update- March 15, 2012.  Well he was just put to sleep and I've been spending the last couple hours crying.  What a crappy day.  Again though, don't let my personal feelings affect how you perceive Hounds of Love.  It's a fantastic album that I'm apparently destined to never listen to given the two horrible events I mention above.
886293713X|4.0|What the title says. I've used this planner's big brother for the past two years and loved it. This one is just as great, but the size cramps my handwriting a bit.
B000VMFDW2|4.0|What a great book into the life of our grandfathers who served the U.S. on the front lines of WWII.  I'm honored to know servicemen today, who carry on the tradition, and fight for our country. This is a great book, and shows the sacrifice our country and individuals have made for us.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|It's a good book and I can't wait for the movie  to come out and it is a very good read.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|I love this. I liked her first album, but I actually love this because it's darker and just has a bigger sound. She made a complete album. Not a collection of singles. You have to listen to the whole thing.  I am becoming a huge fan. No Light, No Light and Shake it Up are two of my favorite songs of the last 10 years.
0307959856|2.0|A beloved author, P.D. James tries a 'gimmick' that fails miserably.  If you love her previous mysteries you cannot possibly love this 'wordy, descriptive yet uninformative, tale.'
B004XE0P5E|4.0|I bought this album because he won best new artist at the grammys. I didn't know who he was and didn't know what to expect. I really like this. I find this album is perfect for winter. He really paints a picture with the instruments. This album is about the music, not the lyrics. The reason why I didn't give this 5 stars is because it's not exciting. It's very good, but has only one speed. Still, I find this very artistic and have played it alot in my ipod.
1250006341|5.0|Beautiful book with lovely pictures and text describing the era during which Downton Abbey takes place. I was looking more for a novel that I could read though, and didn't find that at all. I haven't been able to find the novel anywhere, so think this must be a \\"for TV\\" production only. I didn't know that before getting the book. The book price was reasonable considering what you are getting.
B006PHD0RW|4.0|So much fun and addicting because you always try to bag better and get all stars.  It is definitely not as easy as you might think! Glad I never worked at a grocery store.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|love this game on my kindle fire.  it's fun yet challenging too.  glad I took a chance and downloaded this one!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|when i saw this game I though that it was a game for losers than I dowloded the game and is was the beast game I every palyed so get it now
B006PHD0RW|4.0|This quickly became one of my favorite games. It is easy enough to learn, but it becomes challenging quickly. I like the variety of levels and the different strategies required. My favorite are the endless mode levels.
B0000W5J0E|5.0|I bought this for my 14 year old daughter, not knowing that it was a vampire movie. She was so excited as she had wanted it for a long time. She loves it!
B0052VUNHC|4.0|This book was sort of hard to get into. Then when I did i was also sucked into it. In real life it would had a much different ending. Guys like that in real life are violent, scary and always abusive. I was afraid for the ending,it could have gone either way. Only in fiction would this dude wear a white hat.  That being said I sat up all night reading. Enjoy
B0000VCZK2|3.0|Is the Alien Quadrilogy and the Alien Anthology the same thing?  I know they have Anthology on blu ray but I always heard something about Quadrilogy was better.  Anyone know?  Thanks a lot.  Chuck
B005T87QCI|4.0|this game has quities for the kindle fire. but some problems atom not in this game or twin city's and zues were is he they have him to buy on the ipod so I was dissapionted with that but the he is only for the character now the background is dull in some ways but the moves are super great
B0054JZC6E|4.0|great when ur bored out of your mind personally I think it needs improvement and I am just trying to finish this to get points.
B004GUSG4M|5.0|I read this book within a couple of days - it is one of those books you do not want to put down!! I felt for Chrissy and there are some real twists and turns in the book. At the end I was literally so excited to finish and see what happened. I plan on re-reading it again because I was so anxious to find out what was going on, I read it too fast!!<br /><br />Great book, highly recommend.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is fun little game. It has cute graphics and so far no glitches of any kind. It has many different game variations you can unlock as you go forward. One of the better free apps Amazon has provided lately.
B005CMSDKA|4.0|Wow, what to say after reading some of the Hanna critics...  Not unlike what Directors of many other movies in it's genre attempt to do (a good example would be Bruce Willis's character in \\"Live Free or Die Hard\\") the \\"Hanna\\" audience is asked to accept the unlikely. Comparable to what the Director of \\"Live Free or Die Hard\\" did when Bruce Willis launched a Police Car into a Hovering Helicopter, the Director of Hanna asks the viewers to allow him to bend our perception of realism so we can experience what this isolated young girl is living through. Viewer's should simply enjoy the concept and the \\"fictional story\\" it portrays to the screen purely for it's entertainment value. Certainly a young girl in her \\"Mid Teens\\" wouldn't be able to do the things this movie suggests.  Any viewer with the inability to accept the level of fiction this movie has worked into it probably should just avoid watching it altogether. If movies that challenge your perception of character realism turn you off, just save yourself the time and money and skip watching \\"Hanna\\". You'll be doing yourself a favor by not having to be discontent about a \\"fictional 15 year old female assassin\\" that doesn't fit into your strict view of fiction vs realism. lol  If you haven't seen this movie yet and you possess even the slightest sense of imagination, you should really enjoy watching it.  \\"Hanna\\" is for the most part, a well acted and entertaining viewing experience... only if you allow it to be though.
B001P5HI4A|5.0|I have always been a Streisand fan, much to my hubby's chagrin.  I think this is one of the best of her movies.  I have watched it time and again.  Such a great storyline.
0896760839|5.0|As someone who participates in the SCA, this book is fantastic if you want a resource for information on late-period garb. A laurel recommended the book to me, so I found a .pdf copy to look over. After seeing how valuable the contents would be for me, I HAD to have a copy! I fight rapier, so this is going to be a great help in making garb appropriate to that period. The book focuses primarily on outerwear like doublets and jerkins (when it comes to clothing for men), so if you're needing something for shirts, hats, etc, check out Patterns of Fashion 4.  Note: The book shipped to me is printed as \\"Patterns of Fashion 3\\"... after a LARGE amount of initial distress that I had been shipped the wrong book, I noticed that the contents are all the same as \\"Patterns of Fashion\\" (but COMPLETELY DIFFERENT than \\"Patterns of Fashion 1\\") and the ISBN number matches as well. I still wish I had been shipped the original \\"Patterns of Fashion\\", but I suppose there's not much that can be done about that, especially since the ISBN is the same.
045122499X|5.0|I loved this book!  Excellent story with wonderful indepth characters.  I think I may have even enjoyed this book more than Pillars of the Earth.  I didn't want the story to end!
B0067R0APK|3.0|Predicts the same 7.4 inches of snow a week out... never happens.  Force closes at least twice everytime it's opened or when changing locations.  Definitely needs some work.
B004X80QNG|1.0|I like to use this app on my Android phone but since it doesn't work on the Kindle Fire, it only gets one star.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|398 people can't be wrong. This game is fun for me &amp; my kids. It's easy enough for my daughter to pass levels &amp; the medals make each level challenging enough to keep me engaged. Great job!!
0679411585|5.0|I saw that Lt. Gen. (ret.) Hal Moore just turned 90 two days ago, so this is a good time to review this incredible book.<br /><br />At the time of the battle of Ia Drang, which is the focus of \\"We Were Soldiers Once... And Young\\", the airborne cavalry was an unproven experiment in a new kind of warfare. Where helicopters would take the place of horses to quickly deploy the soldiers of the 7th Calvary. Hal Moore (then Lt. Col.), a devout Christian, a father and a loving husband found himself at the tip of the spear, as his battalion (450 men) was surrounded by upwards of 2000 North Vietnamese soldiers. So he was both greatly outnumbered and without his biggest advantage, which was the ability to move faster then the enemy.<br /><br />All of which makes this book less about the fighting and tactics of the battle, although that's here too in heart-wrenching detail, and more about the leadership, courage, and humility of Moore. Ultimately, the is a story about strength found through faith, sacrifice and love for one's brothers in arms. A real life example of a universal theme (to be sure).<br /><br />Joseph Galloway, like the old-school journalist he is, loves to avoid the limelight. It's a shame, because his accomplishments and experiences are no less impressive then Moore's. This book would not be anywhere near as powerful if Galloway had not been there with the men of the 1st Battalion during this battle.<br /><br />This book will leave you crying and thankful for your blessings. If not, see a doctor (or perhaps a priest) as quickly as possible.
B0063IH60K|5.0|easy fun way to kill time. love love it. thanks for having it and allowing me to play. solitaire is the best.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Little games have a smooth mix of different tasks to keep anyone distracted. The games are short but not so sweet, but it's a free application so cant loose.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|this app is very fun. even though it gets very challenging around the later puzzles its still an amazing game.
B0054JZC6E|1.0|the app was very boring and STUPID on SO many levels. I downloaded it but just didn't like it. don't get it!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|...great way to waste an hour (or 3)! Love the mayhem mode. SMASH THOSE SCALLYWAGS! Well worth the $$. You'll be hooked in no time.
B005T87QCI|4.0|fun game. gdhdjwndbfhrhd. controls on kindle fire is kinda hard but still pretty fun. P.S. hfhrjdi hdbfjfjfrj hfhdhrue hdhdhdhe hdh
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I liked this game. It was really good with the way you have to use points to unlock more games. And the best part was that, it kind of psyched me out
0553801473|5.0|I will not sit here and pretend to be some literary genius. Nor will I pretend to be an all knowing literary critic. What I can tell you about this book is that it is great. I love the book. I read the first four novels immediately after watching the HBO Game of Thrones series. I love the genre and I love the story. The book continue's on where the last one left off. It is a great book and a great read. If you enjoyed the first 4 books you should enjoy this one.
0062014102|5.0|I have loaned this book to someone who was ready for some transformative thought and it changed her life! It's one of those books that always haunts and intrigues me. I read it in a college Metaphysics class, own two copies and am about to buy the reprint. Seriously, take into account the pain/sensory experiments, they will blow your mind away.
1439192812|4.0|After finishing this book, I told my wife we're finally ready to have kids, now that this book is around.  Written at a junior high level, this was Richard Dawkins' attempt to write a book of general science that answers a lot of common questions from kids. Questions like \\"How do we know how far away things are in space?\\" or \\"Where did the dinosaurs go?\\"  Love him or hate him, there's no denying that Professor Dawkins is a master of explaining difficult-to-grasp scientific concepts. Though I felt like I understood everything in the book pretty well before going through it, his explanations were all very easy to understand and well-argued.  Each chapter of this book begins with some sort of mythology story, from all over the world. Dawkins focuses on how different peoples and different religions answer questions in various supernatural ways, and how now science can give us the answers that people have been searching for all this time.  This book is not an attack on religion, like his most famous work: The God Delusion. Rather, it's like his less famous, but overall much better The Selfish Gene, or The Greatest Show on Earth.  I recommend this book to everyone over the age of 10. At the VERY LEAST, it will make you think. And you will likely end up with a deeper understanding of fundamental scientific concepts.
B004HV54TU|5.0|I was having hand pain and weakness, so along with dropping my keyboard lower, my honey bought me this mouse.  My hand feels tons better and the strength is coming back.  Now for some features - the buttons are easy to figure out, there is a middle button you tap once and it acts like a double click, saving your hand the stress of always double clicking to open files and folders, and the top thumb button acts as a back button when you're in a folder or on a web site so you don't have to move the arrow up to the back buttons at the top of the screen, again saving stress and wear on the wrist and hand.  This is so worth the price!
0393325172|5.0|Any book that features a physician dissecting a dolphin and then immediately using the same knife to cut a slab of roast beef for lunch is going to immediately be on my \\"liked\\" list. But this one...is something special.  I'm certainly not the first to discover this. Master and Commander, the first of 20 books (or 21, depending on how you look at it) in the Aubrey/Maturin series, was first published in 1969. Millions of people the world over have joined the adventures of Captain Jack Aubrey and Dr. Stephen Maturin, and I am only one of the most recent. And I consider myself INCREDIBLY lucky to join those ranks.  This series, I have been told, is primarily character driven. The amazing and natural relationship between the two leads is one that kept me coming back to the book when I, by all rights, should have been doing something else. I just wanted to hang out with them.  And when I wasn't desperate to get back to the conversations between the two friends, I couldn't wait to read about the amazing naval battles. I never in a million years thought I would be so intrigued by ships duking it out on the high seas, but the amount of research that went into this series really shines during the fights.  And speaking of research, the series' author, Patrick O'Brian, wields the English language as deftly as Stephen does his scalpel. There is a lot of jargon, and I recommend an outside reference (I used Dean King's A Sea of Words - Third Edition and recommend that one.) It's also not for lazy readers, and what may appear to be throwaway lines actually have a lot of hidden meaning. And while the book is hilarious as well, sometimes the jokes are hidden. Deeply hidden.  As an overall review of Master and Commander I will say this: it is one of the finest books I have ever read and one of my favorite books of all time. I already can't wait to reread it, and the thought of having over 7000 more pages of adventures with Jack Aubrey and Stephen Maturin is enough to bring a smile tomy face.  Recommended for:  *People who like FRIENDSHIP!  *People who like ADVENTURE!  *People who have had, or want to have, an adventure  *People who have friends  *Everyone
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I sit and play on this app for hours! great way to kkeep someone entertained. my whole issue is trying to earn points to unclock new games!
0756405890|5.0|OK. This is how you write your first novel.  This book was recommended to me as a stop-gap while I wait for A Dream of Spring to be released (2014? Please?) in the vein of GRRM. I knew a lot of people enjoyed it, but for some reason I was hesitant and it took me 3 years to finally get around to reading it.  Boy, am I glad I did. In one fell swoop Patrick Rothfuss has become one of my favorite fantasy authors. Which is saying something. Because I KNOW. Because I read a lot of fantasy novels.  Because I am a nerd.  ...Anyway, I'm of the opinion that a good book is like an old-fashioned water pump. You can't expect to get something for nothing, you have to prime the pump before anything comes out. Good books take a little effort on the part of the reader to get going, and The Name of the Wind is no exception. We are thrown into a new world with a group of friends and an innkeeper who isn't an innkeeper and it's not easy to follow at first. It's no Malazan: Book of the Fallen (still can't make it through the first book in that series), but it had me going over passages more than once.  BOY AM I GLAD I DID, he reiterated. The Name of the Wind (Kingkiller Chronicle #1), which I will call TNOTW(KC#1) for short, tells the beginning of the tale of Kvothe - the coolest guy in the world. Or is he?  TNOTW(KC#1) is told in a combination of first person narrative, as told by Kvothe to his biographer, with third person chapters bookending those. I'm more than a little inclined to believe that we may be hearing this tale from a less than reliable narrator, which is one of my favorite literary conceits (SEE: Lolita.)  I won't spoil anything about this book, except that Kvothe is awesome at everything, his version of Hogwarts is extremely intriguing, and the ending actually gave me chills. Seriously. LITERALLY.  I have no idea if the momentum will continue in the books that follow this one (TNOTW(KC#2, etc.)) but I am damn sure going to find out.  Highly recommended.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Got this a while back for my Kindle Fire. Comparable to solitaire that comes with PC's. Ads each time you start a new game are slightly annoying, but not too bad. Great game to play when you have some time to kill.
055357342X|5.0|If you've read the first two books in this series, you know what you're getting. Some of the most intriguing characters in literature, a plot that will have you up reading hundreds of pages more than you should each night, and twists that will leave your jaw hanging open in public.  And Storm of Swords is the best book in the series so far. Everyone knows that the characters are why these books are so well loved, and this third book in the Song of Ice and Fire cycle is author George R. R. Martin's best exploration of them and their motivations.  I VERY rarely read a book more than once. In fact, I can only think of 4 books in my entire life that I've gone through multiple times. When re-reading this, I couldn't believe how emotionally connected I was. Though I read it just a few years ago and still remembered almost all of the major plot points, there were still several major sequences after which I actually had to stop reading. This book GETS you, if you let it.  People give GRRM a hard time because they want \\"their\\" books faster. I understand that. I can't wait to finish this series and see it reach its conclusion. In the meantime, though, sit back and enjoy how Martin writes his books so organically that they can be read 10 times without losing any of the wonder and awe that they will inevitably leave you with after your first reading.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love having this app downloaded on my phone and on the Kindle. Fire. My whole family uses this app.
B004LWZW7Y|5.0|For the first 10 -15 minutes, it was all fighting, and I thought - you've got to be kidding!  Is there no escape?  Then it picked up, and it was great!  I'm no cartoon buff, no expert, but I thought the animation was great (and get the endless credits - ran about as long as the flick - 1000s of animators worked on this!).  I was especially impressed by the voices.  The jokes and humor were really funny, the characterization was there - to the point that I felt as though I were watching people, and felt tense, anxious, scared, happy, sad, excited.  Okay.  I'm simple.  But I did.  And the details.  Big to small, they all added up.  The trip to and escape from the giant's castle was beautiful. The crucifixion of familiar fairy tales was delightful.  I loved it.  Enough said.  I thought it was more than \\"just a cartoon\\".
B005K17RU0|4.0|only wish there wouldn't be a notification everytime the weather changes. very accurate and helps me prepare  for rainy  campus days .
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the game was fun something for every one took a while to unlock different games but overall it is a very fun game
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I absolutely love this app for jotting down the things I need to remember before I inevitably forget. What's even better, is the fact that I jot them down on my Kindle Fire during the evening when they come to mind and they're automatically synced to my work computer when I sit down in the morning. A must-have app!
0670022411|3.0|I really, really wanted to love this book. I am a big Ann Rice fan. I was hoping for something suspensful and exciting. Unfortunately, this book uses every cliche found in every recently written novel.  It is nothing like Ann Rice.  It was more like Being Human (a fun TV show) but not as cool.  And sadly it's not really very good writing.  The main character--Diana Bishop seems to spend most of her time sleeping and eating. Matthew is a typical vampire---tall dark handsome, strong, fast, angry yada yada yada.  BORING! He is more like the main character in a romance novel. And of course he loves Diana more than any woman he's met in 1500 years. OMG Who hasn't heard that before.  I don't know why I gave it three stars but some of the ancillary characters are interesting, and there is some mystery in it. I keep hoping something is going to happen to redeem this book, but I am nearly done with it and it doesn't look good.
0307477479|2.0|As a reader with an advanced degree in literature, I have to say that I read this book because it won the Pulitzer Prize and because one of the chapters looks like a Power Point presentation. So I was intrigued.  To be honest, I don't think it's a great story and  more than that, I didn't care about the characters at all. I suppose \\"Time\\" is the goon and we all get caught in its clutches eventually.  In the end, the book seemed merely gimicky, and I was happy to move on to a more rewarding read.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Variety of game modes, high production value, unique and fun game play.  My only wish is that you could turn off the music but leave sound on.
B0066W1AZK|3.0|Its a pretty good app it doesn't have too much of a reconizable level difference and the level it has is kinds hard or maybe I just suck
B004MC8CA2|4.0|I really enjoy this Bible app. I work very early mornings and use the app for my daily Bible reading. I perticularly like the audio reading feature of the app, which allows me to eat breakfast and make my lunch before heading out the door for work. The different translations are great too, I listen to the King James translation and like the english  narrator.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I am completely addicted to this game and it drives me nuts trying to find all the hidden items. Completely addicting!
B004DMNT2W|4.0|This case is a snug fit on the Panasonic HDC-TM900, but it does offer great protection.  Works great for throwing it in my wife's purse or diaper bag when out.  The construction is high quality and delivers as advertised.  The interior dimensions listed of 3.1W X 3.3D X 5.9H are right on with the 5.9H closer to 5.7H.  With the exception of the memory card pouches this case is not designed to carry anything other than the camera itself.  This is ideal for day trips.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|an easy, not to mention free, way to bring the Word with you always. I was skeptical at first; I'm old fashioned and prefer to carry and read from an actual book...but God's Word, is God's Word, is God's Word, and I'm thrilled to have it on both my phone and Kindle.
B004I744AS|5.0|Great app, has an interesting and stimulating variety of mind teasers and triva to get the brain blood moving. Excellent way to take a mental break while keeping the mind exercised. Good dictionary app as a bonus! can't beat the price!! I use it often! Too good to pass up!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Best game since Where's My Water. Challenging if you attempt medals. Nice graphics and interface, very polished. Several different game modes, so it doesn't get boring. One of the few games I'll finish.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|this is a fun app.  all the games I enjoy.  cant wait to play all the games.  hope I enjoy them all.
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|I give it 4 and not 5 stars because the game runs supper smooth like astroglide but I cant beat the second stage.  So that's my reason.
B006PHD0RW|4.0|This game is amazing. A total way to stay un-bored. It is really hard to put down. I love this game!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I loved the audio function.  now I can fall asleep to the with thoughts of the Bible every night!!  I don't need the ligths on at bed time anymore!
B003NX6ZDC|4.0|First, yes, I'm a little biased because I love the Killers and Flowers' voice. I found this album very similar to Sawdust and Day and Age in sound but also a step forward for Flowers. It's layered with a hint of arrogance, but that's ok because Flowers should be. He is one of the more unique and interesting (and successful) artists around. Great songs but with only 10 tracks, 2 of which are meh (tracks 5 and 10 although both do pick up), is what leaves me to only give this album 4. Those 8 tracks are great, fun, moody, and stick in your head. My wife was singing along within a few listens. Pick up if you enjoy the Killers newer stuff and you won't be dissappointed, but it's also enough deviation to enjoy it as something new.  I don't think it will convert anyone though.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Very good playing experience. Creative design and theme. One of the best free game on the Android market today. Highly recommended!
B001N1DPDE|5.0|I ordered this knife on amazon and It came very quickly with no issues at all. I wasn't sure as I ordered but the version that arrived is different than the main picture on amazon- it is the second generation BK2 that features an exposed pommel.  There are definitely better knives out there but I don't think you can beat this one for the price. It will chop, baton, drill, and carve well for any needs you'd have in camp. The scales are the one area where they clearly cut a corner to make this knife more affordable. The scales are comfortable and I haven't had trouble with hot spots when using the knife but they get a bit slippery when wet. This hasn't been a real problem for me because the shape of the handle prevents the knife from slipping out of my hand but if it were a problem there are micarta scales for sale.  I know a lot of people have had issues with the sheath- mainly the retention strap. Mine arrived intact and the sheath holds the knife very tightly.
B004JZBGWI|4.0|I use the calendar feature more than anything else. Of course, you can also use it as a task scheduler or note taker as well.
B0068MNO4S|4.0|It's not a documentary - it's a docudrama, thus license is to be expected. Well acted, scripted and props/sets, CGI were exceptional.  I was kind of partial to Jonson, Marlowe or Bacon (they collaborated - it was a conspiracy), haha. Anyway, I didn't realize that Edward de Vere (17th Earl of Oxford) was such a strong candidate, 'cause the actual author probably was a lawyer, nobleman, had visited Italy, spoken Greek, Latin and French which he did. Also, not one document/manuscript has been found written in W.S. hand. W.S. had only a grammar school education (equivalent middle school but more rigorous, admittedly); he, his wife and his daughters were probably somewhat illiterate as they all signed documents with a X at times; in his will all he leaves his wife his second best bed and made no mention of books or manuscripts. Analysis of de Vere's Bible shows underlined/marked passages critical to W.S. writings. Then there's word selection and frequency analysis which suggests authorship as not W.S. Yet, there are good arguments to be made that W.S. was the author and the most interesting of which are the errors in his writings which would have more likely come from a less literate person. Was there any reason for deception? Well, there is some reason to believe that stage writing was beneath a nobleman so anonymity was desirable.  And the point of all this you ask? It's going to be easier to to determine cosmic origins than W.S. authorship.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|Very good playing experience. Creative design and theme. One of the best free game on the Android market today. Highly recommended!
0062060554|5.0|I really enjoy books with unreliable narrators...and who could be more unreliable than someone with amnesia.  Christine wakes up every morning with no memory of her life past when she was in her 20's, and even that is sketchy.  She wakes next to someone she doesn't know, in a room she is unfamiliar with, at an age that she dosen't remember living to.  When she goes into the bathroom, she finds pictures of herself and the man plastered over  the walls.  Her face, when she looks in the mirror, is 20 years older than she thinks it should be.  Every morning her husband has to tell her who she is, who he is, and why she doesn't remember.  On the day that the book opens she has received a call from someone who says he is her doctor.  He picks her up and takes her to a cafe, and gives her back her journal.  For the past few weeks, apparently, she has been writing down what she has learned each day.  The doctor had called her each day to tell her where the journal was hidden.  Yes, she had been hiding it from her husband!  Through her journal she learns quite a bit about her life.  And all is not as it appears.  I thoroughly enjoyed the pscyhological thriller elements of this story, and how the bits and pieces were revealed. What is a life if you can't remember yesterday, last week, last month?  Who are you if you have no past?  I rarely stay up late to finish a book, but I couldn't put this one down.
B006PHD0RW|3.0|It provides good and fun playing experience for time killing. Creative design and theme. It is worth the money! Recommended!
B006ON41FC|5.0|awesome cant put it down so much fun cool highly addictive I'm going nuts over going nuts so much fun
B005SFR7YE|4.0|Having seen both primary actors on stage in London, I could not wait for this video to come out. I loved the costumes, staging, and over-all presentation. But it bothered me throughout that Sierra Boggess was pitchy and sharp on important notes and that Ramin Karimloo was wooden in his performance. There was a constant sense that they were having to rush through their parts. Both actors have impressive voices most of the time. This time, however, they were just \\"off.\\" Nevertheless, it is a video worth having to share with those who will never make it to a live performance or to watch on a rainy night.
B005T87QCI|1.0|I installed the game then waited for it to install extra files and it does.not work. It played the opening video and then the screen went black.  Its a ripoff......
B005H29GSI|4.0|I am going to take a different stance on this review. My son loves this set. The thing is, he doesn't play it by the rules so I can't describe how it is. Under normal circumstances, this game is not easy as aiming the birds in a 3-D world is a lot different than on a 2-D phone screen. My boy doesn't use it as a game though. He uses it as a toy. He does make-believe like you would any other toy set. In that regard, he has a lot of fun with it. He creates his own set-ups and takes his other toys to add some flare to his \\"levels\\" and proceeds to do his own thing. He also combines this with the other boxed game to create bigger levels with more pigs and birds. So basically, used as a toy, it's really cool. Used as a game, I don't know, I haven't really tried it other than to try to aim with the catapult (and I did it poorly).
B005ZUR724|1.0|tiered of trying to play a game that wont work and gameloft is full of games that don't work. I want my money back for all the games I bought. this game would be amazing if It actually worked ! don't buy this game! gameloft is worthless and should at least fix one game and stop making more. I don't want to pay $7 for a game that don't work!  actually make a game that works! I want my money back! I waisted over $25
B006TLFPKO|3.0|I rented this movie last night. This movie should have had more action and fight scenes in it. The movie portrayed Bella as this innocent victim in the marriage. When she knew what she was marrying into. Oh I am pregnant, and the baby is killing me and breaking my bones. Well thugh. I know, it's just a movie.  So many young women think marriage is apples and icecream. That is how this movie portrayed Bella. What I didn't like about this movie was about the talking. The honeymoon scenes were romantic. But, certain parts of the movie were just boring. Up until the end. When Bella dies and turns into a vampire. Lets hope the next Twilghlight movie. That she isn't so victim like anymore. Her little girl victim character started to get on my nerves.
B006LQQ1GE|1.0|I don't understand the hype. This album isn't that good at all. Most songs do sound the same. No versatibility at all. Next please......
B002MQYOFW|5.0|If you are the owner of a Kindle, stop reading the reviews and go buy The Hunger Games on your Kindle right now! Start reading it, but prepare to nothing else the rest of the day/night. This book will suck you in really fast and you will not be able to put it down. If you had bought it a week ago, you would have saved $4, but it is definitely still worth the $7 it is now! I can't even explain exactly what it is that makes this book (and the rest of the trilogy) so compelling, but I promise you will not be disappointed. It is incredible and just so fascinating. I had to practically pry my Kindle out of my hands while I was reading it so I could get other stuff done (like eat and take a shower). You have until March 23, 2012 to read this book before the movie comes out! I can't wait for it! Read the book first!!!! If you don't have a Kindle order the book and the minute it arrives in the mail start reading it. :) Hope everyone enjoys it as much as I do. May the odds ever be in your favor as you read it. Then go see the movie on March 23. The world will be watching.
630463949X|1.0|I didn't realize when I purchased this item that it was being shipped from the United Kingdom.  They must have different formats over there because when I tried to play it I got blank screen saying it couldn't be played in my region.  I would think they would know this if they're shipping to the U.S.  They did offer to take it back, but by the time I paid international shipping it was hardly worth it.
B000MXMS4G|3.0|Claimed the cover was in good shape, but the laminate is pealed and there is a STICKER on the front of the album!!! NOT COOL
B006UG90RM|5.0|Finally a Great Rock And Roll Album from Van Halen!!!!!!!  This Album Rocks From Beginning To End! The band sounds Amazing! Best album since 1984! Classic Van Halen Sound Is Back! Buy This Album Everyone!!!!!!  Van Halen Rules!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Rock Album Of The Year!!!!!!!!!!! Buy It!!!!
B004G6009K|5.0|Okay, I remember watching Disney movies when I was a kid and aside from maybe Aladdin and the Lion King, they were all pretty much awful. I just never liked them. Of course, I was never the target market for most of them, as I am not a little girl with aspirations of becoming a princess and being wooed by prince charming. I realize this, and have conceded that most of the stuff my girls are going to watch is going to be really sappy and painful for me to endure. However, I have to say I was really surprised by how entertaining Tangled was. From start to finish the Animation and voice acting is exciting and funny. The delivery of the lines is witty, and all of the characters are really well developed. The plot is entertaining and there is some action but it's pretty mild for the most part. There is one scene at the end that I won't mention here but I had some issues with my girls seeing it and had to do a lot of explaining over it, but other than that it seemed suitable for small children. Really though the most exciting part for me is the fact that I actually enjoyed watching it. I get the songs stuck in my head which is amazing because usually the songs are the worst part for me to watch. Overall I am happy to have something my girls and I can both watch and enjoy. My oldest daughter wants to watch this movie every day and if we didn't limit her TV I'm certain she would just have it playing all the time. She likes other princess movies, but none of them as much as this one, although that could just be because Daddy actually enjoys watching it with her. I would recommend this for anyone with little girls who want to be princesses and if you're lucky, they'll like this more than most of the other ones that make me want to vomit.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|Perfect game for a smartphone. Beautiful, entertaining with great music and fantastic puzzles. I just hope they keep making more of these!
B006PHD0RW|4.0|This game is worth the money just for the sheer fun it give you. The negative is that the controls are touchy and when u have to turn an item it does not like to always work.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I downloaded this app for my kindle fire and it works great! I thought this game might be a little kids' game but figured I'd give it a try anyways (good reviews) and found it has a bit of challenge to it and is really quite fun. Now I have to keep playing it, its addicting!
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This is great. Before all I had was a cheap sharpening stone that took forever to get the job done. Even with really dull knives, just about ten or so quick swipes and its pretty sharp again. I have a lot of knives, some of which get pretty abused, but now I can keep using my favorites instead of switching them out or taking half an hour to sharpen them. There might be better sharpeners out there, but this one is cheap and does a great job.
0439023491|4.0|After reading the Hunger Games, I wanted to move onto Catching Fire immediately. I made myself wait a little while, though, and as soon as I got it, I devoured it. I finished it in a single day. I did not have very high expectations, as I'd heard it wasn't as good as the first or last books in the trilogy. So I was happily surprised when I enjoyed it thoroughly. Yes, the plot is pretty predictable in parts. Yes, it can seem like the Hunger Games redux in parts. But overall, it was an engrossing and fun read! Can't wait to read the last book.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Best show EVER the dvd's come in a nice book style holder. It arrived to me in a few days and i couldn't stop watching it. RIP Andy
B002PMV9FG|5.0|Ok it came seriously fast, and it worked like new. i was really impressed with them. i will use them again.
B005HSG3TC|4.0|I really like this cover. It is a hard cover so I am not so worried if I happen to drop it. Fast shipping as always.
B006O5Y75Y|4.0|This movie was better than I expected.  I don't remember much about the original movie, but this one was realistic enough that I was impressed with the story line and the imagery.  My sons and their friend reluctantly watched with me.  Once they got seated and the action started they were glued to the screen; couldn't stop talking about it afterwards!
B000O8OTNC|5.0|This is a very cool little sharpener.  It is great for the tool box, tackle box or workbench.  It is small enough and light enough to fit in you pocket and it is about the size of the palm of your hand.  It does the job with either a ceramic or carbide \\"V\\" shape sharpener recessed in the notches of the body.  The extension tool is covered in diamond dust/chips and is for sharpening the recesses of a serrated knife.  It works well on all types of blades.  I might just pick up a spare so I don't have to worry about where I left it last.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|it is just like the regular game of angry birds except better.instead of the mighty eagle it is the mighty dragon. so cool!!!!!!!
0385342063|5.0|Sophie Kinsella has done it again. She has created a creative plot with lovable characters and dialogues that will have you laughing nonstop throughout the story! I adored the characters Sophie Kinsella created for us. Our main protagonist, Poppy is the best friend I always wished for. Her personality had me laughing, the situations she gets into got me embarrassed for her, and the ways she gets herself out of these situations had me yelling \\"GENIUS\\" and \\"If only i had the guts to do that!\\". Poppy reminded me so much of Emma from her novel \\"Can You Keep A Secret?\\" and these two protagonists are high on my \\"potential best friends\\" list!<br />At the beginning of the story, I hoped the whole book wouldn't be spent on Poppy trying to find her engagement ring, because 1. That frustrated the hell out of me, and 2. The ring is ugly and 3. I did not like Magnus, her fianc&eacute; at all, first of all, what kind of name is that? and he was too much full of himself for my taste. Thankfully this was just a setup to the meeting of Poppy and Sam. Sam was definitely man material, he was a major figure in a consulting company. They meet because Poppy picks up his ex-PA's phone from the garbage after hers was mugged and the hilarious dialogues begin. You get a glimpse of Sam's life through the emails and text messages being sent to him (oh you know Poppy is too curious to pass up this opportunity of snooping!) and also through their interactions through text messages and phone calls. All I can say is that They.Are.Adorable!!! Yes it is capitalized. Sam wants the phone back, Poppy, through her absurd logic and persuasion skills, somehow keeps it. Their back and forth banter just did it for me. This book was, in my opinion, the best book that Sophie Kinsella has written ever since Can You Keep A Secret?<br />We get the whole works in this book, family opposing marriage because they're all brainiacs while Poppy is not. Insecurities of not being good enough, a jealous 'best friend',  a whiny wedding planner, a persistent girlfriend (?) that won't stop sending the weirdest and most wacky emails to Sam through the PA's phone, and a work scandal ready to explode in White Global Consulting. In other words, a book full of laughs, crazy characters, and an experience you'll never forget!planner, a persistent girlfriend (?) that won't stop sending the weirdest and most wacky emails to Sam through the PA's phone, and a work scandal ready to explode in White Global Consulting. In other words, a book full of laughs, crazy characters, and an experience you'll never forget!
B004J4WLPU|5.0|The descriptions of this novel do not do it justice; it is so much more.  Not only is it a mystery-thriller, it is a testament to the deep love between sisters.  The writing is absolutely fantastic, descriptive and luscious.  The fact that this is a debut novel makes it even more exciting.  I look forward to the author's next book in April 2012.  Beatrice returns home to London from New York City after receiving a telephone call from her Mum that her younger sister, Tess, has gone missing.  Not long after, Tess's body is discovered in a dark, dank toilet house in a park.  The coroner and police rule her death a suicide, but Beatrice knows that her life-loving sister would never ever have committed suicide, and she sets out to prove it.  The story is a first-person narrative told by Beatrice in the form of a letter to Tess.  It was an effective way of telling the story, and there is also a nice little twist at the end.  I highly recommend this novel.  It really knocked my socks off!
0545265355|5.0|Along with SO many other people right now, I got sucked in and couldn't put these down. There's nothing I can say that others haven't already mentioned, so I won't bother. However, I get the impression there's not much of a grey area with these -- you either LOOOOOVE them or just aren't interested at all.
B000QCS8TW|5.0|This was my first George R.R. Martin book, and I am very glad I spent the $9 for the book. It's very fun to read and I'm flying through it!
B001CEE1YE|3.0|The Matrix (1999) 3/5<br /><br />I've always called the first Matrix film a rip-off. It's a mix of many different films put together with component parts stolen from the Terminator (robots rule the future and have enslaved the remainder of humanity), Total Recall (futuristic 'Is it a dream or reality' sci-fi) and even Johnny Mnemonic (futuristic cyberpunk trash starring Keanu Reeves as a guy who can plug computers into his head and 'go into them'), plus various other works by William Gibson and a lot of Anime.<br /><br />Thomas 'Neo' Anderson, is a computer programmer/hacker who meets with the mythical cyber-terrorist Morpheous, who asks Neo if he wishes to know the truth about the world or live a lie forever. Neo chooses truth and soon wakes in a gel-filled pod in a techno-hell future. His body, and billions of others, is nothing more than a battery to power the machines that rule the future (exactly what they do with this world that they now rule is not explored).<br /><br />Convinced that Neo is 'The One', Morpheous trains him to be deadly digital warrior, but this set-up doesn't go beyond fighting a sentient program called Agent Smith. The war against the machines comes later.<br /><br />There's no denying that the film, unfortunately, was massively influential for virtually every action film that followed. Gone was the 'Die Hard' formula where action was gritty, somewhat realistic, and with practical stunt-work. In it's place they all went for excessive CGI, green-tinted photography, impossible cameras, and impossible physics. The Matrix is semi-stylish with it, but it doesn't ever entertain or excite me.<br /><br />It's the style of the Matrix that's more fondly cherished than the story. It won 4 technical Academy Awards, proving that all the Matrix is is eye-candy. Call that narrow-minded if you want but I believe this movie is no more than a very, very popular cult movie. A contradiction in terms yes, but still the most appropriate way of describing it.<br /><br />The Matrix Reloaded (2003) 2.5/5<br /><br />Arriving four years after the original, The Matrix Revolutions should have delivered action from start-to-finish since we've already had over 2 hours of set-up. Doesn't happen. Instead we get many, many scenes of long, rhetorical dialogue that wants to be deep and meaningful but instead comes across as pompous and boring. This is what happens when filmmakers are given free reign without studio interference. Damned if you do and damned if you don't, I guess.<br /><br />With the machines digging their way down to Zion, Neo, Trinity and Morpheus clash with the Council and various superiors on how to deal with the oncoming assault. You'd think the last thing they have time for is lots of pretentious talking.<br /><br />None of the many, superfluous fight scenes are exciting. They are virtually all about blocking. There is no real impact. Watching people twirl five times sideways after a soft kick to the chest doesn't make up for it. I can't understand how anybody has ever been impressed or entertained by these stupid, impossible physics.<br /><br />Keanu Reeves ain't no actor, but I can deal with it most of the time. However, Carrie-Anne Moss is very easy to look at, and Agent Smith owns every scene he's in. I do appreciate Monica Belluci's translucent dress too.<br /><br />It's an effort to get through this film. I've only watched it twice since it came out in 2003. There's just no reason to go back to it. There are films half the length, with a tenth of the budget, that have more action, and coherence.<br /><br />The Matrix Revolutions (2003) 1.5/5<br /><br />With five hours of set-up established in the two previous movies you'd expect The Matrix Revolutions to be action from start to finish. Wrong! It's the same long bore as with Reloaded. After about forty scenes with long, pretentious dialogue the film then delivers...more scenes of gibberish exposition. The Wachowskis probably think/wish that it has some deep meaning, but it really is just mumbo-jumbo.<br /><br />Neo now has the ability to use some of his Matrix powers in the real world, while a copy of Agent Smith has 'possessed' one of the humans. Hundreds of thousands of Sentinels are just feet away from breaking into Zion, and the digital Agent Smith takes over the entire Matrix after overwriting the Oracle.<br /><br />The Zion battle with the Mechs and Sentinels is kind of exciting, but it's the only part of this 129-minute movie that will quicken your pulse. The rest threatens to stop it permanently. There's plenty of CGI, some it good (the Sentinels) some it horrible (anything with Neo and Smith). The fight scenes are now just a bore. Watching people walk on the ceiling while firing guns doesn't excite me. Watching people slam into wall and making a big hole got old the first hundred times it happened too.<br /><br />You've never seen a film with such unjustifiable delusions of grandeur. The Matrix universe had so much potential, but the Wachowskis squandered it. I will never watch this film again. Twice (with a nine-year gap between those viewings) was more than enough.<br /><br />The Blu Rays are presented in 2.40: 1080p with great picture quality, but it often highlights the bad CGI and makes it look even more fake. All have Dolby TrueHD sound with lots of old, recycled extras.of Agent Smith has 'possessed' one of the humans. Hundreds of thousands of Sentinels are just feet away from breaking into Zion, and the digital Agent Smith takes over the entire Matrix after overwriting the Oracle.  The Zion battle with the Mechs and Sentinels is kind of exciting, but it's the only part of this 129-minute movie that will quicken your pulse. The rest threatens to stop it permanently. There's plenty of CGI, some it good (the Sentinels) some it horrible (anything with Neo and Smith). The fight scenes are now just a bore. Watching people walk on the ceiling while firing guns doesn't excite me. Watching people slam into wall and making a big hole got old the first hundred times it happened too.  You've never seen a film with such unjustifiable delusions of grandeur. The Matrix universe had so much potential, but the Wachowskis squandered it. I will never watch this film again. Twice (with a nine-year gap between those viewings) was more than enough.  The Blu Rays are presented in 2.40: 1080p with great picture quality, but it often highlights the bad CGI and makes it look even more fake. All have Dolby TrueHD sound with lots of old, recycled extras.
B003DKJ5ZU|5.0|Disney does it again.  Tink and her friends are back for another cute and funny visit to Neverland.  While this story is not one of Disney's best it is still a great film for the younger set.
B0043XX7VE|5.0|I'm in my 60s and this is one of my favorite movies.  I love it!!!  Love the animation and the snappy wit.
B004J4WV2I|5.0|My Adrenaline GTS X (2010 version of the Adrenaline) shoes finally wore out on me and needed to be replaced.  I, unfortunately, need support shoes for running, and went out on a limb and purchased the GTS 11 without trying them on, on the Internet.  I'm impressed.  They feel just as good as my GTS X shoes felt when they were knew, and confirmed my suspicions that they were, indeed, worn out.  I'm staying a year behind to save $40/pair, and it's working well for me so far!
0070511136|5.0|I've read many books on selling. Some good and some not so much. Most of the books are the same content with a slightly different twist. Spin Selling, however, is the first book I've come across with very detailed research behind it to support the theories.<br /><br />The author spent years testing different, common sales strategies and tactics. Each of theories were tested and backed up with data to come up with the \\"Spin\\" formula to selling. Some of the results break common sales strategy myths.<br /><br />This is an easy read that anyone selling at any level should read. It is particularly applicable to high-ticket sales.
0307277887|5.0|I've been watching the TV show for several years and finally got around to reading the book.  Definitely worth the read even if you have seen the show. What I love about this book is that the focus is mostly on Dexter's thoughts and perspectives as he tries to navigate through everyday life. Harry's Code is the set of rules by which Dexter lives and it helps him to fit in and appear normal.  Watching Dexter live by his code (which some people would find horrifying) and also watching apparently \\"normal\\" people who follow the letter of the law but intentionally damage other people for personal gain is good food for thought over what makes anyone a \\"good person.\\"  Overall, this is great writing that is often witty and never dull.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app really is terrific. its like a game inside a game! I haven't updated it, so I don't know about its downside but so far, its the best!
B005SFS4ZU|3.0|At long last, The Phantom of the Opera musical available on dvd...<br /><br />PROS:<br /><br />Phantom of the Opera for the first time on blu-ray ever!<br />The vocals are great<br />The acting is excellent and I felt it brought out the emotion of the production.<br />The close ups allow you to see details on the props and costumes that you normally could not see otherwise.  The costumes look amazing in high definition and you can see the gemstones sparkling in the light<br />The cinematography is good with multiple (including overhead) camera angles.<br /><br />CONS:<br /><br />The Royal Albert Hall was not the best place for this.  After seeing this, I think they should have chose Las Vegas (which has a theatre custom-built specifically for POTO and a breathtaking chandelier) instead.<br />During the opening you do not see dramatic curtains pulling up and sliding away to reveal the d&eacute;cor and statues.<br />The rise of the chandelier during the overture does not happen.  The chandelier is fixed to the ceiling.<br />There is no elephant during Hannibal<br />The scene where Christine sees a mannequin in a wedding dress and faints was altered.  Instead, she faints while \\"under the spell\\" of Phantom.<br />The \\"bringing down\\" of the chandelier doesn't happen, again because it's fixed to the ceiling.<br />When the Phantom appears during Masquerade, he does not walk menacingly down the stairs in time to the music.  He appears standing still in a doorway.  It just doesn't have the same impact.<br />When Christine sees Phantom in the graveyard, he does not have the cane that shoots fire down upon Raul.  Instead, he waves his hands as flames pop up from the stage.<br />Many backdrops and props were replaced with digital screens which may have looked alright if you were in the audience but unfortunately look terrible shot in HD.  During the close ups, the actors look as if they are performing in a \\"digitized world\\" with large round pixels (like you see on digital billboards) behind them.  This clash of Paris Opera House with 2012 digital screens is very distracting.<br /><br />Final verdict:<br /><br />This is as good as you're going to get for now and definitely worth owning for any POTO fan or for anyone that is not able to buy a ticket to see it live.  However, with everything that's lacking, I'm hoping another performance more true to the original staging gets released sometime in the future.ing.  Final verdict:  This is as good as you're going to get for now and definitely worth owning for any POTO fan or for anyone that is not able to buy a ticket to see it live.  However, with everything that's lacking, I'm hoping another performance more true to the original staging gets released sometime in the future.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game seems so derivative at first glance:  Oh, yay, fit shapes in a column.  What will they think of next?  &hellip; but it's not.  By tapping into that classic mundane form of employment, bagging groceries, and employing good, old-fashioned physics (a topic in which all baggers should receive a fifteen-minute education), Hidden Variable Studios have generated a delightful puzzle game.
B005OCFGTO|4.0|Glad I got this but I was expecting the BOX set and all the DVD's are in one case... Bummer I wanted it for our collection.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I needed something to do cud I had beaten other games and I saw this as the free app of th my e day and got it for my kindle... love it but its difficult sometimes.. strongly advise to 12-30 years
1849514003|5.0|The examples within this book were incredibly useful and instructive. I know that when I try to learn a new language/engine, its much easier for me to learn by example, and being able to dissect and modify the sample code proved to be very helpful. If you plan on using Cocos2d, get this book.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it is a good game. something to pass the time. blah blah blab blab blab to to to to to
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is the most amazing game EVER! Very addicting. It is not as easy as you think. I would.definately recommend this game. Love playing it on my kindle.
B0050SYS5A|3.0|I also purchased this to try to cut down on furniature moving.  While the idea is sound and my wife who is an optical engineer agrees, it just doesnt seem to cut it.  In our case it may be due to the lighting in the room as in we dont have enough.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I LOVE THIS GAME!!! Thanks so much for whoever made this game!!! It is really fun and I am addicted to it!!!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I downloaded it just because it was the free app. of the day but it would have been worth the price if I would have had to pay for it. REALLY REALLY FUN!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is wondrrful it is easy to use. it comes in handy when looking for a particular scripture. I recommend it to others.
B0064X7FVE|3.0|This app is great until it displays weather that is a day old! Not very useful then. It really needs a refresh button! I would think that's a given, but I haven't found it yet...
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is amazing. everybody should get it, the games on it are awesome. my favorite game is the hammer throw it is awesome. this the best app I had I enjoyed it every minute I played. get it.
B0071XO8RA|5.0|I read this omnibus edition in two days and I loved it! The characters were well developed and the story was original and had a lot of twists. I would really like to see more of this series.
0780626966|5.0|This set comes in a awesome box and each dvd line up to make freddy and claw. Each dvd come in its on box with very nice art work on them. each dvd has a few extras but you get a nightmare encyclopedia dvd also full of extras. for the price it is unbeatable. The quality of all dvds are wonderful i play them on my ps3 and they look great. Dont hesitate to buy this boxset .
0307454541|1.0|It's not often that I don't finish a book. I'm a pretty fast reader, and sure, most books have one problem or another, but I'm pretty good at slogging through them.<br /><br />This book? Joins the very short list of books I have not finished. That list is now four books long.<br /><br />I tried to read it. I really did. It's super-popular, it's now a movie, everyone has been talking about it.<br /><br />It's also desperately boring, poorly written, and filled to the brim with misogyny and hatred. I cannot even fathom what people see in it, and why it has garnered such glowing reviews, unless the main criterion is \\"more words = better book\\". The pacing is plodding at best, the mystery is unengaging, the subject matter is horrifying, and if you can tell within five pages that the author despises their characters, and quite possibly everyone, something is very, very wrong.
B006OAB3ME|4.0|I wonder how much pre-rock and roll music Paul McCartney listened to in his mums polar as a little kid, radio tuned to the beeb. Certainly before Buddy Holly and Elvis were known in the colonies, never mind England, this was the pop music people listened to.<br /><br />You could even tell in the 1960's. Even when the fabs were going all Helter Skelter with long hair and LSD and politics and Apples, Paul was writing songs like \\"Honey Pie\\" and \\"When I'm Sixty Four.\\" Dancehall ditties that had nothing to do with rock--UNTIL THE BEATLES MADE IT SO! AND SO IT HAS BEEN SINCE.  The Walrus was also listening to Stockhausen and Biero at the same time, and if this does not prove how all-encompassing the fabs were, nothing does. You can even hear the Beatles on demo tapes of Sgt. Pepper, jamming old little pre-rock tunes between takes of rock revolution. All music was at their command.<br /><br />So does it surprise me that McCartney has recorded this album. No. Only that it took him so long. He probably had this in his head his whole life, working with the Beatles, Wings, Firemen. or just fooling with a ukalalie on the Beatles Anthology tapes. It is all music to be owned by the master.<br /><br />Kisses From The Bottom has Paul working with Tommy Lapuma, who was a staff producer way back in the 1960s at A&M, working with, for instance, the Sandpipers, and later, Barbra Streisand and Diane Kroll. He and McCartney here take standards  like \\"It's Only A Paper Moon,\\" and \\"My Valentine,\\" and treat them with bass, brushed drums, and piano. You can walk down Bleaker St. in New York and hear standards getting the same treatment. They even do \\"The Story Of Love,\\"--that pop from way back in '67 when Paul and John and George Martin were trying to find that 80,000 kilocycle highnote to end the \\"A Day In The Life.\\" .He probably heard the song at a friend's flat between Hendrix and John Cage and loved it<br /><br />McCartney and Lapuma are smart to give this track, and all the others, the stripped down treatment that they do on Kisses from The Bottom. Paul was always asking George Martin to give him clean sounds, and the result was making all music rock, and rock able to hold all other music. His voice here is outstanding, as Paul stays in that wonderful low register he does so well, singing to the classy instrumentation with the intimacy of a lover's speech, His voice here is totally unaffected. Why would the master need to do anything else.<br /><br />This is no black bow tie and tails affair. No digital ticket crossover coffee house puddle.  This is a man who can make any music he wants making the kind of music he wants.<br /><br />I am sure right now, Paul is planning a rock album, more electronic projects--maybe getting his fire hat ready-and has fingers in a million more of Admiral Halsey's butter pies. But for now, there is this, and if you are surprised by Kisses At The Bottom, think of Paul's history more, and you won't be. You'll love it, yeah, yeah, yeah, YEAHHHHHHHH!Kisses from The Bottom. Paul was always asking George Martin to give him clean sounds, and the result was making all music rock, and rock able to hold all other music. His voice here is outstanding, as Paul stays in that wonderful low register he does so well, singing to the classy instrumentation with the intimacy of a lover's speech, His voice here is totally unaffected. Why would the master need to do anything else.  This is no black bow tie and tails affair. No digital ticket crossover coffee house puddle.  This is a man who can make any music he wants making the kind of music he wants.  I am sure right now, Paul is planning a rock album, more electronic projects--maybe getting his fire hat ready-and has fingers in a million more of Admiral Halsey's butter pies. But for now, there is this, and if you are surprised by Kisses At The Bottom, think of Paul's history more, and you won't be. You'll love it, yeah, yeah, yeah, YEAHHHHHHHH!
0307593312|5.0|Haruki Murakami wrote another terrific, engaging book.  I always enjoy reading his adventurous and creative works.  I can't wait for his next one.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is really fun, and addicting. I can sit and play this game for hours without getting bored!  I love it, and the graphics are fantastic! It shows so brilliantly on my Kindle Fire, I absolutely love it!
B004SJ3BCI|2.0|its boring all you do is fling birds for like 150 Levels and the adds are irrigating this game is a ware of time
B004R13U6Y|5.0|This is by far the best PDF reader for the Kindle. It has lots of the fancier features like annotation, animated page turning, and file organization. It works perfectly for all of my PDF books/docs.
B0055SWM08|5.0|The game involves moving a water drop in a straight line. There are various obstacles thrown in for variety. It's basic and stimulating at the same time. It's beautiful; but I don't understand the division of the game board into years beginning in the late 20's.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I find this game to be very happy fun time I play many time on game to have happy good fun time. you should play many time for happy fun time too.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|This is a really great game!!! I like to use it when im sitting at the airport waiting for my flight or when I have a little down time!!! it can be very addicting though!!!
B00007KLJJ|1.0|This product is defective and will not play in my DVD player. So my review would be that this was not such a great movie or purchase.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is the best app ever there's a whole bunch of games its got like thousands of games and the more they cost the more cooler they are
B00007BKVC|4.0|In many way, this is a dream like movie which doesn't follow standard procedure of real life logic. I mean, if everything followed real life situations accordingly, Dorothy would have never been whisked away to the wonderful land of oz. This movie follows two unfortunate gals who happen upon an unfortunate event such as a possible murder charge that was brought upon by unfortunate circumstance, of which neither of them wish to face the ultimate consequence.  In many ways, this movie is not about murder, but rather the crimes we sometimes all commit in our own secret lives, and the desperate measures which manufacture our escape from them, even if the escape route eventually leads into more trouble than it's worth.<br />It's about knowing what we did, keeping the secrets from the ones we love, and having to deal with problems in a manner of unlikely escape than simply confront, explain, and resolve the situation no matter how dire it may seem. In the end, it seems the only solution is to simply shoot ourselves into space, and hope for the best. Great drama, many funny parts, and wonderful acting by the two top female leads that keep this movie from being ordinary.
0307887960|5.0|I have a history of being fat. For years, the past 20 or so, I have tired to ignore it. I wouldn't look at myself in the mirror. I would avoid having my photo taken.  All the usual side effects of being fat were starting to take place in my life. High blood pressure, medications, knee problems. I was on the wrong slide of a slope that was slowly taking me towards heart disease and eventual death.  About a year ago, I saw an episode of Dr. Oz where he talked about the Ducan Diet. As a person who loves to eat and eat a lot, this diet literally saved my life.  Almost a year later and I have lost about 90 pounds. I eat all I want and never watch calories. Sure, I stray from the diet from time to time and I call those my bad days. But I weight myself everyday and when I want the scale to go down, I make sure to have a good day.  I also have advanced in my walking from 20 minutes a day to an hour. It has become a ritual in my daily life that I never plan to stop.  There are plenty of alternatives and always make sure to have meat cooked or defrosted so you can cook it. Yogurt can also be a savior in that you need something sweet to eat while watching movies or for a snack.  This diet isn't for everyone. But if you have tired everything and you can't loose weight, this may be your last chance to loose the weight. Buy this book and start to understand why some people need a high protein diet like this to have a healthy weight.  The book takes you through all the phases and once you understand how the diet works, you can use all the tools to help yourself down the road to better health.  It comes off a pound at a time. It takes a long time to achieve success, but this is last chance diet for people who seem to gain weight just by looking at chocolate cake.  Like I said, buy the book and start your life down the road to weight recovery.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|This is a fantastic adaption of the original story. I was skeptical about the choice of Chris Evans as Captain America but was pleasantly surprised.
B001NEK2GE|5.0|Really pleased with this little guy. Good solid design and construction. Looooong cord! Just can't recommend this more highly. :D
B004132HZS|5.0|This is a great series, and I highly recommend that everyone should watch these episodes... These stories are patterned after the original Sherlock Holmes stories, but Sherlock is set in 21st century London.  Outstanding stories, great acting, and these will definitely get you thinking.  I don't want to describe too much, since spoilers can be found everywhere.  This boxed set is 3 episodes, with each episode lasting 90 minutes.  The three episodes are the full season, and as I'm writing this, the second season (of 3 more episodes) is not available yet.  If you only buy one DVD this year, this is the one to get.  Buy it now!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|The cover is strong, molded to fit well. It is thin but the materiel it is made of appears to be strong and will hep protect the Fire. I like that it can stand on its side so that watching video is easier. I use a cove to keep from having the item form slipping and this flees good and my hold feels secure.
B000NY17J6|5.0|I'm so happy to have gotten Linda Ronstadt's Greatest Hit c.d. I've dug her from long ago. In fact, a girl I was dating in college and I saw her in concert. I believe it was back in the early seventies. Of course, the concerts was far out. We both dug her songs and show. I wish I could afford to see her again, but this c.d. is close.
B006UG90RM|5.0|I feel like I'm 23 again (over half a lifetime ago), and cruising in SoCal.  Each song was great, I kept waiting for a clunker, and it didn't happen.  I've listened to it twice on the Ipod working out, and had to stop every now and then to do some air guitar with Eddie.  If you love the real Van Halen, buy it, you won't be sorry.  Bottom's Up!
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|Works great and does the job of protecting my kindl's screen when I'm not using it. Light weight and it doesn't add unnecessary bulk.
B006YXTRHY|1.0|I enjoyed the book and I really tried to like this film, but I really think this was the worst movie I've ever seen.  It was slow and choppy. The director for this installment is not a great storyteller. The low point was the talking wolves, and the high point was when the credits rolled because the film was done.
B0052U59F4|5.0|I love love love these books.  I saw this book on a website and someone was saying that Christian Grey was her book boyfriend.  Well he is now my book boyfriend.  This book was super good and romantic.
B002PMPTIO|1.0|I own all of ST:TOS, ST:TNG and DS9 along with most of the movies, all of which I've watched many, many times.  I managed to watch half of this before I gave up and deleted the remainder from my Tivo.  So happy I didn't throw any money away on this, the waste of time was bad enough.
B004XNGKBS|5.0|this is exactly what I was looking for well worth the money, no more paper works great with a stylus purchased from staples
B000000XB9|5.0|Amazing how far music has come from the 60's and 70's.  When I got this CD I couldn't wait to get it out of the package to listen to it, I do remember every song and what I was doing when I first heard them when growing up.
B005HSL626|4.0|I was up till about like 2 in the morning the this game. Then I got tied then I fell asleep
B004R13U6Y|5.0|I have all of my text books for school in PDF files. I bought a Kindle Fire for the sole purpose of viewing them. Unfortunately the native viewed is garbage.  I decided to give ezPDF a try and it's fantastic.  It has a drop down directory for the chapters and sections in my books, it allows me to bookmark pages so I can jump back and forth between pages quickly and easily, and it gives you the option to allow page movement while pinch zooming so its easy to zoom in and read smaller text. If you need a good feature rich PDF viewed, ezPDF is worth dropping 3 bucks on.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I just finished \\"Mockingjay\\". What an amazing book. I truly enjoyed the pace of the three books. Very hard to put down. The authors ability to place you in that bleak and frightening future is amazing. I found myself lost in these books for hours. That said I read these books very quickly. Anyhow this is a trilogy not to be missed. BUY IT!!!!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Great game, awesome way to pass the time.. Would recommend this to anyone that likes games that make you think.
B005OK725M|5.0|This is a movie for any who enjoys action.The acting is not over shadowed by the action in the movie, as is the case in some.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Great way to unwind after a long day at work! Adore the graphics and the music is so unexpected and relaxing!  Highly recommend!
B001B6PBBK|4.0|A simple and touching story of a handful of people getting it all wrong and  all right.  This is definitely one for the love sick queue.
0330244078|5.0|This is the first book in the Karla series and for my series review please see the final of the trilogy, Smiley's People.<br /><br />I recall being very reluctant to watch the BBC Television series when it was first broadcast in England - I have always disliked TV or Movies - because it was based on one of my favorite books and by an author who wrote fiction that I would actually read. But of course, like the whole of the British viewing public it eventually seems, I was hooked, from the opening credits with the mysteriously beautiful plainsong to the photography and, of course again, Sir Alec Guinness' perfect portrayal of George Smiley. My sons devoured the series too, and own them all, along with the BBC series - as do I, and they both re-read them - as do I.<br /><br />I can add no more other than to repeat, from a review I found in the New Yorker by Anthony Lane (Dec 14, 2011) who said \\"The television series of \\"Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy\\" has lost none of its grip, and the new film will recruit new friends to the cause; but if we seek George Smiley and his people, with their full complement of terrors, illusions, and shames, we should follow the example of the ever-retiring Smiley, and go back to our books. That's the truth.\\"
B004UID2LC|5.0|I love it I can find all my fav songs and like videos from youtubers. I very much do recomend this app.
0307276902|4.0|A lot of readers do not like or recommend this book due to the drama behind the story, but it's a good story. Sure, the story isn't based off of his life as he once said, but it still gives you the raw, emotional feel of being a recovering addict in rehab. I've read this book many times and still enjoy it each time.
0553381709|4.0|I may have said this in my review of the last book in the series, A Clash of Kings, but it bears repeating: this series is amazing!  What more can be said about it?  Action, intrigue, ambition, sex, it's all in here and more in a story that masterfully combines the real with the supernatural in an all-to believable fantasy world.  This book, the third entry in the series, is longer than the first two by about 200 pages, but, for the most part, doesn't lose a step.  Mr. Martin is still able to keep all the balls in the air without dropping them.  And his vast array of characters and deeply developed and intertwined history are unmatched in nearly any other fantasy series.  Not only that, but this book also illuminated some characters that you thought you had pegged, but now aren't quite sure about.  Could you come to understand and care for characters that seem monstrous, but may be more honorable than any other character in the series?  Mr. Martin proves in this book that you can.  I will say, though, that some things seemed to drag out.  There were certain events that I knew were coming (I can't help it; I like to know what's coming up), but Mr. Martin took his sweet time getting too.  Also, with so many characters gone or on to certain other adventures, I became concerned in the middle of the book that Mr. Martin may not know where exactly he is going with this series.  Most of those fears had been allayed by the end of the book, but it's still in the back of my head.  Still, I'm eager to get to the next book and I can't wait for the second series of the HBO TV series based on this series.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game is really fun. Very addicting. I just wish there we're in game help screens, instead of just while playing. If you finish the round before the hints are done, you miss important directions.
1400049628|5.0|This book was very interesting to read. It will make you assess your chances of survival wherever you go and make you want to glance at it to make sure you are doing everything right. There is even a section to record your own zombie sightings and a few chapters from World War Z.
0061251305|1.0|It is a good book in analyzing the organization using leadership level indexes.  However, it's suggestions and recommendations are far below than I expected. Just one of usual Business Management Books.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I loved the ending.....I fell in love with these characters and just couldn't put these books down. I've read all three in the last couple of weeks. They truly are addicting and wish there were more!
B0071QIN00|5.0|trial 2 adds another level of difficulty over trial 1, which keeps the game fun and hard to put down.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is a fun game.  My kids really enjoy it was well.  Good graphics and cute characters. I would purchase this app again.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I enjoy playing solitary especially winning play! I do not worry about getting the winning time. My elderly mom enjoys the colorful visuals. WE both use the hints if needed.,
B004FOA84A|1.0|I cannot get this app to work on my Android.  It won't even open.  I have uninstalled it, re-downloaded and re-installed 3 times to no avail.<br /><br />Very unhappy.
B0059XTTW8|5.0|Guaranteed you won't have any idea what is going on in this fabulous movie until about 45 minutes in. The film - a Cold War thriller between British and Soviet intelligence - is told in straight narrative dotted with flashbacks and memories. Only after the film is well underway do the pieces start to fall into place. A thrilling intellectual exercise!<br /><br />Gary Oldman really is the standout actor in the film. He plays George Smiley, a high-level yet seemingly innocuous intelligence operative. Along with \\"Control,\\" his crotchety head of intelligence played by John Hurt, Smiley finds himself shunted aside by a new cabal of agents. Yet a credible threat has taken shape, in the form of a possible mole at the higest levels of the agency. Smiley, though on the outs but extremely loyal to his country, plots to find the traitor, all without raising suspicions within the organization.<br /><br />Oldman is wonderful in the role. With his thick eyeglasses and benign personality, his Smiley is the perfect corporate man - unthreatened on the outside, but seething with multi-layered plans on the inside. Rarely is so much acting done with so little apparent exertion. The cast and plot are exciting and flawless. Given the genre, there is little sex or gunplay to derail the story - just enough, mind you, but not too much. TTSS -- a movie that you will haunt your thoughts for days after viewing.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I have been working on the game in little bits of time, fun to work on and there are challenging levels, but not to frustration! Thanks for a fun challenge!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|Before I read MockingJay I read the review to kind of get an idea what the final book would be like. After finishing this book I don't understand why so many people dislike the ending. This is not your normal fairytale, which is why I think the book is amazing. From The Hunger Games Katniss hasn't been one set on finding love, she had always been portrayed as \\"helping the hurt\\". I'm glad this book didn't focus on the love triangle.  This is a great ending to a great story. I do wish it could still go on.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Cannot stop trying to beat my personal best. Play for hrs w/o realizing the time that's gone by. Easy touch n handling of cards.
B005K2Z2O2|1.0|I JUST got this sleeve in the gunmetal/black/red color which has the red Tricot lining, and the lining is staining my grey Kindle reddish pink! And it's only been in the sleeve for about 2 hours. UGH! The pink color can't possibly be from the previous jacket, as the jacket I had it in before was black. I can't get it off either! If anyone has any suggestions on how get the pink off or prevent the red lining from staining the Kindle, please reply!  Also, the XXS Jacket is too big for the Kindle 4. It'll probably be too big for the touch.  Don't get this sleeve if you don't want a reddish pink Kindle!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I enjoy the ability to customize the cards and table. If you need a fun game this is it. Look no further.
B000FVQLRA|5.0|Such a deeply moving film, I can barely find words to capture the intensity.  As a lover of classical piano, I always considered Chopin to be for the ear, not the heart, very flowery, exhibitionist type expression.  The tortureous plot of human and art are so majestically entertwined and elevated to beyond heavenly by films end. This tour de force is one of the most intimate in my experience. More than HIGHLY recommend!
B004W4N55C|5.0|Works flawlessly on my evo 4g and having all my practicing tabs at my fingertips with favorites is a life saver.  Wish could be on my kindle fire as well!
0061715050|4.0|&#34;The Lion, The Witch and the Wardrobe is a magical adventure about four children who go into a wardrobe and come out into the land of Narnia.  In Narnia it is always snowing and never Christmas!  The children meet many creatures.  They meet the evil White Witch who can turn creatures into stone, a faun, and Aslan, a lion who may save Narnia.  We liked the story because the characters had incredible adventures.  We loved that idea of getting to a magical land by going through a piece of furniture.  We especially liked that most of the animals could talk.  We also liked that ordinary children became kings and queens in Narnia.  Furthermore, the professor believes the children when they tell him that they have been to Narnia.  We thought most adults would not believe the children in this situation.  We thought the book had a great ending with the furious final battle.  In conclusion, we feel that children of all ages as well as adults will love this book!  If you have not read this book then we think you should buy it today!  Sincerely, Mr. S's Second Grade Class
0670022705|5.0|[ASIN:0670022705 A History of the World in 100 Objects] is a fascinating look at what objects can tell us about history and culture.  The author is undoubtedly learned and, although the information he provides is anglo-centered, his stories are compelling.  You probably won't want to read this book from cover to cover; that would be a lot of information to digest.  The book's appeal is that it includes a variety of objects representing a variety of time periods.  This is the perfect book to have around when you crave a shot of serious history and art.
B006PHD0RW|4.0|This is a great puzzle game. Even better, for your stress relief pleasure, a later mode lets...no Demands that you Smash the groceries! Fun for everyone!
B005NC81JW|5.0|I am a veteran WW member.  Didn't want to continue to pay anymore so tried this app on my Fire.  It is as good as the WW site and its one time price!  The WW site has more brandname food values but I find that I can look those up on the actual sites.  The more you do, and save them in favorites, the greater personal list you build so that seems to be sufficient without the need to invest in so much at the WW site.  Also, I like to use the old points system so the choices of program are great.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I had downloaded this and the weatherchannel.com app unsure of which I would like better.  this one is far more user friendly and I really like the &quot;real feel&quot; feature it has, giving you the actual temperature and what it really feels like outside.  I would definatly recommend this app!
B003291CBW|5.0|NPR aired an interview with Christopher Hitchens (not sure of date) where he discussed the writings of George Orwell. I think most people were expecting maybe a short discourse on Orwells most famous work '1984' but Hitchens instead gave props to 'Homage To Catalonia'. And after reading this 'one mans viewpoint' on the Spanish Civil War I find myself in agreement with Hitchens that this book is underrated and unfortunately overshadowed by '1984'. Although It originally did not sell well in England and even today is still rather obscure, the book should be standard reading in Highschool and College; especially in Political Science classes.  Orwells non-fiction 'Homage to Catalonia' should be a standard text for war reporting to any aspiring journalist. In a modest, sometimes witty, and almost modern travel blogger style, Orwell lays out his experience as a foreign soldier fighting with the P.O.U.M against the Franco Fascists and then later his further involvement with the internal political battles between the Communists and Anarchists in Barcelona. The following passage on pages 130-131 is a good example of Orwells style and the strength of this book,  \\"I used to sit on the roof marveling at the folly of it all. From the little windows in the observatory you could see for miles around- vista after vista of tall slender buildings, glass domes and fantastic curly roofs with brilliant green and copper tiles; over to eastward the glittering pale blue sea - the first glimpse of the sea that I had coming to Spain. And the whole huge town of a million people(Barcelona) was locked in a sort of violent inertia, a nightmare of noise without movement. The sunlit streets were quite empty. Nothing was happening except the streaming of bullets from barricades and sand bagged windows.  Not a vehicle was stirring in the streets; here and there along the Ramblas the trams stood motionless where their drivers had jumped out of them when the fighting started. And all the while the devilish noise, echoing from thousands of stone buildings, went on and on, like a tropical rainstorm. Crack, crack, rattle-rattle, roar - sometimes it died away to a few shots, sometimes it quickened to a deafening fusillade, but it never stopped while daylight lasted, and punctually next dawn it started again.\\"  Much of the book is written like the above quoted passage. Orwells clear and descriptive observations make for great reading without the need for the more modern exaggerated styles of writing that try to make every moment a life and death situation as if war is something 24/7 and 365 days a year. Orwell understands that people are human. And even the enemy must sleep, eat, and defecate at some point. The book is without flaw but you might find the constant political party references and alphabet soup of acronyms overwhelming if you don't take notes. P.O.U.M, P.S.U.C., C.N.T., and F.A.I. are just some of the abbreviated party names you will need to remember especially for Chapter 11 when Orwell attempts to sort out for the reader exactly what happened during the fighting in Spain.  This edition had a good introduction by Lionel Trilling which I recommend reading after the book as a supplement to further understanding Orwell and the politics of the Spanish Civil War.
0694016756|5.0|\\"Goodnight Moon\\" is a classic and a \\"must\\" for new parents to read to their newborn immediately upon their arrival home from the hospital.  After our evening ritual of reading to our children before bed, this book  was used in our house as a signal to our children that the day was  drawing to a close and that it was time for bed. As we strongly believe in the value of reading to young children, we now give this book as a  gift to anyone whom we know who is becoming a parent or grandparent. \\"Goodnight Moon\\" belongs in your children's library, and to be saved  by them to read to their children!
B003L77GGK|5.0|Hope this series continues. I've followed it from the start and it has been an incredible show. Seaon 6 continues the saga after Lucifer is defeated.
B005VT42BS|5.0|fing network tools unleashes the power of your Android to assist you with simple network diagnostics. Though most of these can be done in the terminal emulator this simple and powerful app brings them all together. While in the network discovery you can select an IP from the list, and utilize all the tools from there. No memorizing IP addresses! You can also see the manufacturer of the NIC and add a name and notes so that later on you can come back and see your notes. For example I can enter the host name and a brief description of the hardware so that later on in the day I don't have to flip through my notes to get that information. From one IT pro to another, GET THIS APP!
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|I loved the first two books and was so excited to complete the trilogy. I found this book to be depressing, senseless and contrived. Very disappointed. Wish I had stopped at book two.
0756655730|5.0|To be totally honest- I've had this book since August (6 months) and I've only read bits and pieces of it.  Someday I'll get around to it, really.  But even if I don't, I have to give it 5 stars based on the pictures alone.  And the page layouts. I'm a designer, and I'm jealous of whoever got to work on this project- it's amazing.  A great resource, especially for the price it's offered at.  I noticed there's no \\"Look Inside\\" on the amazon page- but trust the good reviews, you won't be disappointed when you see it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|as a mid witch I am I love this game it is grate for Ashe kids that filly git in to all games
B006MHWXMS|5.0|Easy to use. Syncs with my Gmail tasks list effortlessly. Customisable notification. Make new lists for specific tasks. It has really helped me keep my tasks organized.
1594203334|5.0|I pre-ordered this book in hardback for our daughter who is expecting our first grandchild in July.  I quickly found that I was halfway through the book and now must order another copy for us.  Besides the witty and humorous style that makes this an easy read, this book contains very useful information for all parents.  I am a psychologist and had the good fortune to be raised in the 40s/50s timeframe in a stable family environment.  I believe that many (not all) of the parenting insights in this book were in use by thoughtful parents of that period and were attributed to 'common sense' or some such.  Who at that time could have predicted that today most children and their parents no longer eat together during well-established mealtimes, that months and months of baby sleep problems are expected and considered normal, that an entire industry has sprung up to help today's parents push their children faster and faster, that many children eat only what they want to eat, and that today's children seem to need constant stimulation, instant gratification, and are becoming increasingly obese?  Of course, parents will choose their own parenting strategies, and this book will contribute in different ways to each of us.  I believe that if you read this book and pick out some of the \\"universal truths\\" regarding children and their development, you will improve your parenting ability.  One of these truths is to carefully observe and become attuned to the baby and his/her \\"rhythms\\" rather than focusing on your own fears and needs and letting them drive your reactions to the baby.  This is also where 'the pause' comes in - you need to read the book to get what you need on this subject.  Another truth is to teach your child to handle frustration and not always get his/her own way - again you need to read the book about this and apply your own common sense and life circumstances to this area.  The author's approach is to present real-life examples of what we have today versus a better outcome we might desire, and then talk about real parental actions and research that supports achieving those better results.  You are free to take what you wish from this book.  I strongly recommend it to all parents and GRANDPARENTS, because we as grandparents must not undermine the positive parenting of our daughter and son-in-law.
B005LAIGRS|4.0|\\"Remember rule number one: you are responsible for your house guest. I'm your house guest.\\" Matt Weston (Reynolds) works for the CIA watching a safe house in South Africa. His life is boring and routine until they bring in Tobin Frost (Washington) to interrogate. When the house is broken into and people start to die it is up to Weston to keep Frost alive and move him to a safe location. This is a movie I went to see with high expectations. The first 10-15 minutes is a little slow but when it picks up it really picks up. The rest of the movie you are on the edge of your seat. I love movies that keep you guessing and this is that kind of movie, you know there is a traitor and there are three obvious choices but you are still left wondering who it is. That to me adds to the enjoyment of the watching. I do have to say that my expectations may have been a little high and I didn't like it as much as I though I would, but this is still a must see movie. Overall, a very tense and exciting thriller that won't disappoint. I give it a B+.
B004V7XWEE|4.0|This Super Deluxe version includes a bonus CD of largely instrumental songs and outtakes recorded after the What's Going On sessions, a vinyl LP of the Detroit mixes, additional single mixes and demos added onto disc 1, a unique double gatefold LP-size jacket and a 12\\" x 12\\" booklet with two, large-print essays, liner notes and pictures.  Missing are: the 1972 live concert and detroit mixes from the previous deluxe edition. Maybe they should have released a 3 CD + 2 LP (original & Detroit mix) super-duper deluxe boxed set that included all this stuff.  -DW
B004LWZW7E|4.0|If you don't at least take a look at this one, especially the Sci-Fi buffs, then you're missing a good one.  It may resemble others in the premise, but it totally has it's own internal feel.  It lightens the messages which are many, with little quips on 'time references' which we all use, but now take on new meanings when used in this hectic time-oriented futuristic setting.  It's not as lush as Gattica, but moves along faster -- you tend to miss the subtle messages on the first watch that the writer/director wants to realte to us. Justin Timberlake has made a few films now and he is a really good actor. In each one, he gets a bit better.  The reviews are mixed, but don't be put-off by the comments, give this one a shot. It tends to stay with you for a while after you've seen it and it is one of those movies that you will watch again, especially if you like to imagine what the future holds for us as a race of humans.  If you have 'a few minutes to spare', give this one a chance.  Rich Holst, Phila, Pa.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|Works VERY well and is just the right amount of challenging. Great graphics, no lag. Definitely worth the $2 I paid for it. Motorola RAZR.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Easy to read. Great app for on the go. This is the best version I have found on any online bookstore.
B004Z4LYU2|1.0|People should be able to research what they want and not be ridiculed just because they have some clever ideas. My professor is from Harvard and paid more attention than this author and he is a string theorist, and should not be ridiculed. From my personal research on the subject I feel that the aspects string theory I have focused on are very likely because they explain alot. Does that mean I should be ridiculed? If you don't like something, forget about it and write about something you understand.
B000MV90IU|4.0|Enjoyable cop movie. Classic chase scene through San Francisco. I hadn't seen the movie before I bought it. Part way through the movie I was thinking, 'This is quiet.' I then realized that there was no blaring sound track trying to eek out every little bit of emotion. It was very refreshing.  The aspect is 16:9 for full HD viewing.  Sound is great.  The video suffers a bit as the contrast is weak in shadows and a bit grainy over all. It is from 1968.  For the price it is worth putting in your collection though.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I got it when it was free but I would easily pay $0.99 for it. by far one of my favorite games.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|soliloquy much fun. better than angry birds and probably tied with fruit ninja. it neeevvveerr freezes or crashes and has great picture. its worth the money and it has SOOOOO many levels. I love it:)
042524489X|5.0|If you are a Nalini Singh Fan - you will love this too - don't forget to get on her FB page so you can interact w/ her.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I can use my kindle to stay close to God..I love it!I don't need yo carry my Bible, its all on my kindle.
0439023513|3.0|(Minor Spoilers!)  As an extreme fan of the first two books, I was extremely excited for the closure in Collins' final installment in the series. Unfortunately, this book seems to have little relation in style when compared to Catching Fire and the Hunger Games. I enjoyed the book as a whole, but I was somehow extremely disappointed with the way the story unfolded.  The closure in this book is great. The way that Collins weaved Katniss's realization of who she really was in the world of two extremes really created a sense of fulfillment while I was reading. Collins also goes on to discuss the endings and legacies of most if not all past characters of significance. However, the sudden change within Katniss in both personality and character is not only annoying, but it can be EXTREMELY frustrating. At times, the character that Collins creates within Mockingjay resembles little of the Katniss within the first two books. Furthermore, despite the closure of characters, some significant heroes just seemingly drop off the face of the Panem. Collins seems to just disregard their importance in the storyline, at times, and the reader is left empty and confused on \\"what just happened?\\" Not only is the story extremely dark (even for HG standards), but the story is also very poorly paced. It seems as if the majority of the actual plot happens within the last 150 pages of the book. This leads to a horribly rushed conclusion, which amazing, still remains very satisfying if a reader can accept the sudden disappearances of favorite characters.  Overall, Mockingjay is not a bad book. It, however, does not even come close to comparing to the first two books in the trilogy. A reader will either be completely pissed off at the end or satisfied with the conclusiveness of the actual plot. I most definitely recommend this book to those who are fans of the trilogy, but I would like to warn fans of the series that this is NOT like the other two books by any stretch of the imagination. The characters return, but the writing style has changed and the signature pacing that the books are famous for is just non-existent. Just be prepared to be assaulted with a nonstop barrage of emotional turmoil that WILL move you as a reader.
B005TPCQ5I|2.0|I like a good romantic movie, and I thought this would fit the bill.  There is some romance, but you have to go through an awful lot of crap before you actually get to the good part, which is roughly in the last 20 minutes of the movie.  And then, the good part is extremely abrupt! Suddenly, I was shocked to learn that there is a twist that turns this film into a tearjerker! I don't really want to sit there on a plane, crying over some sad movie.  It had some good points, but I think they should put a warning on it that it's not all sunshine and roses.  I might have still watched it at another time, but it would have been nice to know what I was in for because I'm not one to purposefully watch a sad movie.  So my advice: watch at your own emotional risk!
1401923127|5.0|Read this a few years ago and could not put it down - it was nice for someone else to publish things I had always thought.
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|Did not see the movie but loved the authentic songs that are on this disc.  No Don Ho here!  This is the real thing!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun little games. can't seem to finish a few. perhaps my screen isn't sensitive enough, overall very enjoyable way to kill time and beat your high scores
B004U52VPS|5.0|My son loves this toy. He enjoys creating his own structures and knocking them down. It keeps his interest and challenges him to come up with more complicated structures. We even added the jenga blocks to add more fun.
B003QJME5G|5.0|This FC does exactly what it's supposed to and looks good doing it. The LCD has 7 different colors to choose from, so it will go with just about any color scheme. All 4 of my fans are reading the right RPM's, and the temp sensors seem to be right on as well. This was the most reliable FC I could find judging by reviews. Any reviews I read about touch screens, seemed to have more problems than they were worth.
B004ZJZPWA|5.0|After it's original Theatrical release & per it's availablity for a long time now on DVD & BD ...most everyone knows the story line of Van Helsing, so I won't go into that here. What really matters is how can anyone give this movie a negative review.  Unless you don't like this Movie genre in the first place ..\\"Van Helsing\\" is a absolute must buy/have movie in your collection. This is a \\"BIG' budget action/horror flick with comic overtones Extravaganza. The special effects are really amazing ...plus the BlueRay PQ & Audio are exceptional !
B005T87QCI|1.0|Won't download additional files so it basically does not work! It loads the main screen and then it says that additional files need to be downloaded but then the download fails so the proper game never launches. Would like a refund!
B004DLPXAO|2.0|I loved this app...until the last update. When opened, the home screen is visable, but frozen. Its completely unresponsive. I will try erasing the app and downloading it again, but I won't allow the update this time. This app quite large, which is rate annoying and seems unnecessary but, in my opinion, worth it if you can get it to work correctly. Using a Samsung Epic Galaxy.
B005T87QCI|4.0|I think this is a great game best game ever I bought it for my kindle fire and my friend has this game for his ipad and he can buy characters and he said you have to do a lot of tournaments and I did but I couldn't buy any characters please let us buy all the characters and I will give this 5 stars
B006PHD0RW|3.0|I think the game would have been fun, but it froze the touch screen on my phone every time I played. I tried uninstalling/reinstalling and the same thing happened. Really glad I didn't pay for this app!
B0062NAX1U|5.0|Awesome movie.  The message in this movie was so powerful.  I have suggested it to everyone that will listen, and I purchased it for my step father.  I wish I could give it more than 5 stars.  I am planning a family night and inviting my extended family over so we can all watch it together.  Initially, I rented it through Amazon Instant Movies, but I liked it so much I bought it.
B004VMUS9G|1.0|I was outraged when I found out that I have to keep my kindle on for it to work,so if you are thinking of getting this for your kindle have your charger at the ready.
B004JZBGWI|1.0|I thought I would ne able to write notes and stories on this but all this is is a calendar.would not reccomend this if you don't want a calendar
B005LA3Z9M|5.0|This beautifully written book is a joy to read.  The relationship between Victoria and Elizabeth is so special, hurtful and loving all at the same time.  As are Victoria's relationships to all the other characters.  The flower meanings are extremely powerful and thought provoking.  I thought this book is the best I have read for quite a while and I look forward to more work from Vanessa Diffenbaugh.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Excellent game, been using Mobilityware Solitaire on my iPhone &amp; iPad for over a year &amp; was pleased to see their version available for Kindle Fire. Very pleased, lots of fun!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Like the app a lot. Plays well and have played for hours. Like the single touch playing and placement of the cards unlike the computer versions.
B002NPCSJG|1.0|I read Forever War and was aching for more of the same. This is badly written garbage, that could be included in the ranks of Pulp Sci-Fi, but bad pulp. I don't understand the glowing reviews unless the author has a lot of friends.
B000BJS4TO|5.0|I bought this CD as a Christmas present for my daughter. She has the front cover art set as wallpaper on her new iPhone 4s. And I must say that the cover is an elegant piece of photo art. I am playing the CD as I write this review. Yo-Yo Ma describes John Williams' score as \\"poetic and mysterious\\". Poetic indeed! It is she who expresses these elements through her cello while Violinist Itzhak Perlman provides strategic moments of enchantment. I highly recommend this soundtrack.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|kinda reminds me of games from bad in the day and they aren't super easy either keeps me enterained. good graphics too
1427215006|5.0|When the wonderful folks at MacMillon Audio asked if I wanted to review one of their audiobooks, I jumped on the chance. I commute to work and find that I get bored pretty easily without something auditory to enjoy. After being allowed to look at several options, I gleefully selected Cinder, by Marissa Meyer, as I had been eyeballing the book for some time now on a few early reader sites. When it came in the mail, I immediately popped it into my car cd player and settled in for some lovely commutes.<br />Cinder doesn't disappoint on any level. The narrator has a solid, pleasant voice and does a stellar job of distinguishing different characters and accents. With an intriguing plot (Cinderella meets Black plague meets desperate future world), I was captivated from start to finish. I frequently found myself sitting in my car after arriving home for \\"just 3 more minutes.\\" When the ten hours of audio finished, I was blown away by the ending. Cinder is the first book of a set and it left me craving more. Throughout the book I kept asking myself the following questions: Would Cinder find happiness? Would Kai figure out what happened in time? What was the cure for the disease? Is the doctor good or bad? Will Cinder save her sister? There are plenty of questions in this book to keep you jumping from start to finish, but the book is so well written that I stayed on the edge of my steering wheel for the entire ride.<br /><br />Marissa Meyer noted on her twitter feed that the next book is not due out until next January and, frankly, I don't know if I can wait that long. Cinder has brought me into this future world and the audiobook held me in it like a child being read a fairytale at night before bed. I found myself thinking about the book during the day and it allowed that escape that few novels do anymore. Cinder is an excellent young adult novel with no foul language, that I heard, and no real adult themes unless you count a cyborg almost short circuiting when in close contact with a handsome prince or an android giggling about picture a human prince in the nude as a real adult theme. I found them charming and like the things that young teenagers giggle about at slumber parties.<br /><br />Cinder is a beautiful, sweet-natured, refreshing change of pace and I appreciate MacMillon Audio for allowing me a free copy to review. If you don't believe me, have a listen for yourself to a short clip from Cinder by Marissa Meyer.<br /><br />Edit: I received the audiobook for free to review, but all opinions are honest and my own.dsome prince or an android giggling about picture a human prince in the nude as a real adult theme. I found them charming and like the things that young teenagers giggle about at slumber parties.  Cinder is a beautiful, sweet-natured, refreshing change of pace and I appreciate MacMillon Audio for allowing me a free copy to review. If you don't believe me, have a listen for yourself to a short clip from Cinder by Marissa Meyer.  Edit: I received the audiobook for free to review, but all opinions are honest and my own.
B0011B5QY2|5.0|This is a classic plot.  I enjoyed the way tension was built between the allies and the mystery was ENTHRALLING!!!  Not bad.
B005T87QCI|4.0|this game is way to easy to beat but its a fun game so id get it, its totally worth 99 cent
B0069GRIHW|5.0|Haven't listened to this album for quite a few years so to hear it remastered is great, I played it over  and over for a whole week, disc 2 doesnt add that much but still a nice curio
B005M2A4D4|5.0|Matt Smith just keeps getting better. In this season you really start to settle down from the jarring change between David Tennant and Matt Smith, and even look forward to some of the Eleventh Doctor's more endearing quirks. Stephen Moffat orchestrates an emotional roller coaster that leaves tantalizing hints and peaks at the overall arc that he began in episode 1 of the previous series, and has finally revealed who the Silence is. The satisfyingly complex reveal of who River Song really is makes us all the more eager to see more of her relationship with the Doctor, while the end leaves us wondering what will become of Rory and Amy and if they'll resume their travels with the Doctor. Or perhaps we'll have a new companion to look forward to next series.  The DVD is packed with the usual bonus material that makes Doctor Who such a delight, including not only the fourteen segment Doctor Who Confidential, but also the five minute interim episodes entitled Night and The Doctor as well as behind the scenes for those. The only thing missing from the DVD package is the out-takes reel, but I suppose we can't have everything in life. Between the Monster Files and the half-dozen audio commentaries, including commentary by Neil Gaiman on \\"The Doctor's Wife\\", there are hours of in-depth behind-the-scenes goodness that is essential for fans of the Doctor.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101 games is awesome because there is 121 games and the best part is that every game is really fun.
B005HSL626|5.0|hi I thought this was a amazing game that you can share with anyone and a lot of finger exercise but it makes me hungry and I am finally good at cutting fruit maybe it could giive me lessons
B00005JL0I|3.0|I like some of the scenes from this film.  Many are well written and you can tell that most of the actors are having a rather good time chewing the scenery and overacting to extreme levels.  Of course, that also means that like other reviewers have noted, there are a few scenes that just fall flat.  It's hard to describe this movie and in many ways harder to rate it.  Even in the extra about the movie the one director admits that four different men directed different segments, there were rewrites up to the last minute and Peter Sellers walked off the set and did not return, forcing major rewrites of the ending.  So the story ends up being a bit of an incoherent mess.  There are themes that run through the movie, and the actors do a superb job holding scenes together, but there is no real solid thread in the end.  But oh is it a fun ride.  The fight at the ending has to be one of the most outlandish brawls ever filmed, and yet its still entertaining.  This movie is not for everyone, but if you like the older comedy that can be funny without descending into profanity and potty jokes every 5 minutes, and you enjoy the Bond films, this will probably be an enjoyable way to spend a couple of hours.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|its fun, gives me something to do but I couldn't play it very often. not bad overall though. better instructions for tthe game would be preferred.
B004LWZW7O|3.0|First thing first:  Seyfried is an empty husk of an actress when it comes to this movie, and that empty husk wig did her no favors whatsoever.  Wilde should have switched places with her.  We already know she can pull off that look.  The entire \\"high concept\\" part of the movie is quite impressive and very elegantly crafted.  The method of intra-personal time transfers is inspired.  However, and I'm not sure if it's a stylistic decision to go with the concept, but certain endings, including the movie itself, are quite abrupt.  There is a shadow of a climactic ending, but instead it's left so limply open ended and non-confrontational it becomes anti-climactic as everyone shys away from the protagonist as he deux-ex-es his way through the powers that be.  Cillian Murphy did the best he could, but the none-too-subtle shift of the antagonist from Weis to Leon in the death-sprialing denouement left him the target of the writer's desperate resolution instead of the recipient of a beautiful Inspector Javert-style redemption.  It's like Kartheiser stopped showing up to work in light of all the talent around him, and Murphy was written back into the story to pick up the slack.  But the concept is enough to be thought provoking, and certainly worth seeing just for Murphy, Timberlake, Wilde and a few heart stopping moments.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I had no clue what to expect from this book... it was recommended to me by a colleague and darn near everyone at work had read it and reported about it glowingly.  After the first 1/3rd of the book I could see why -- wonderfully crafted!<br /><br />The beauty here is not in the dystopia or the work Collins creates.  Those are nice and at best, as good as anyone else can do... the beauty and power is in Katniss Everdeen.  Suzanne Collins writes her with such depth and detail that you cannot help but feel like you are her best friend.  Like you are going through it all with her... from the drama at the reaping to the power of the hunger games to the tearing apart of her relationships... Katniss is your friend.<br /><br />As an author myself who works hard at creating characters for readers to identify with and feel for... Ms. Collins has done it.  And I learned a thing or two while reading The Hunger Games!
B006W0QOF2|2.0|Obviously there are many people that disagree with me on this but I found this movie to be very slow and very boreing.  I kept expecting something exciting to happen but it didn't.  I thouhgt the plot was really bad and the sensless gory killing had no real purpose.  This movie could have been about 30 minutes long and it may have been better. When I review a movie I always look for the good in it but I just couldn't find anything good about this one other than I rented it instead of going to a theater to see it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Works well on optimus v phone and kindle fire. Only annoyance is ads that pop up after each completed game. App works well though, so I say it's worth the time it takes to click 'skip' on each ad.
0307593312|1.0|Former Murakami fan here. I just finished this book (though I have to admit I skimmed some chapters). What a waste of time. The women are objectified, the men are beasts, the sex scenes cringeworthy, the writing repetitive. I'm not a picky reader--give me good characters and little plot, or a great plot and thin characters, I'm happy. Or first-rate prose with thin story and plot, whatever! But this book gave me NOTHING except a headache.
B000FC1KBG|2.0|Bought this book like a lot of new moms, hoping for some help with sleep issues in my 4 month old. While a lot of what she said was helpful and interesting, there were no actual tips or methods for helping your child learn to sleep better. So frustrating to me as all I wanted was some help, not just talk. Seems the Baby Whisperer forgot to actually include any secrets in her book.
B00009VQK5|5.0|Fujifilm FP-3000B works great with packfilm cameras. The images came out clear and developed super fast! From my experience, this film comes out a slight bit clearer than the color version (FP-100C).
B0002VFXFE|5.0|Another advantage: it's easy to apply. Some thermal compounds are thick and really hard to apply. Grrr. AS-5 spreads easily.
B002C6A6N6|1.0|I wanted to submit this as more of a warning. The show is great... however the discs I got were faulty. The audio does not match up with the video. Please check your discs to make sure that they are correct.
B003TT2X72|4.0|A must have item for any Lord of The Rings fan.  Makes a great gift anytime of the year. I great movie a person must own. I purchase lots of items from amazon because it is a great sit ewith low prices.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app use in our Bible study all the time<br />love the highlighting feature use it frequently<br />also use the mobile app as well
B006PHD0RW|5.0|...this is a great game. It is fun, challenging and very well paced. I like that it doesn't constantly bug you with ads, etc.
B004QSQML8|1.0|The quality of the picture is actually worse than the original film. Very grainy, I have other movies from the 80's that have been transferred to Blu-ray and don't look as bad as this. Total disappointment, I love Legend.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|This app works great on my kindle fire. The excel file looks just like it should, and I can make quick, easy updates to files anytime. It's super easy to navigate through and I like the interface. Also, using a printer app, it's simple enough to print from, although a Print Preview option would be ideal.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Good game. I like a game that I can pick up and play for a few minutes or play for thirty minutes.  The game is easy to play and runs well on my evo.
B004LWZW24|4.0|This film looks amazing and is beautifully shot.  It also has some really great scares and an eerie ambiance.  More than a few movies released over the last year have employed a haunted house theme and the use of ghostly old women with evil intentions.  The Inn Keepers failed miserably, and The Woman in Black was decent, but Insidious did it flawlessly.  See all of my horror movie reviews at my page Scream Kabob.
B000TSUCAQ|5.0|The recipes in Wookiee Cookies: A Star Wars Cookbook are just run-of-the-mill simple recipes one could get from any general cookbook. That part made me a little sad, but in a way I feel it adds something to the nostalgia; like maybe they are Grandma's home-recipes from Alderaan.  The accompanying pictures of figures fighting on baked terrain are hilarious, and the clever titles of each recipe make the book complete.  ALSO THERE ARE STICKERS!!!!!!!!!! :D :D :D  If you love references to Star Wars, action figures, AND STICKERS, this book is for you! :D  If you're looking for spectacular never-been-done-before recipes, this is not the cookbook you were looking for. **waves hand in front of your face**
B00280LYIC|5.0|First of all, I am not ten years old. But my son is (and I sort of remember when I was). Having said that, this is a great book for the tween and teen reader, especially boys that have no particular attraction vampire lit. There is great action, the character development is solid, and the central idea--that mythology is real--is a fascinating premise with which to begin an adventure story for kids.
B001UV4XIS|4.0|great dvd ,worth waiting for,, sorry to see the end of harry potter. it was nice to watch the actors grow up on the screen,,
B006PHD0RW|5.0|My daughter and I absolutely love this game, it is so much fun.... thank you free app of the day!
0545425115|5.0|If you've ever seen the movie, or read the book: Battle Royale the premise of this story will seem familiar:  In the distant future after a major war, North America split into 12 Districts which are run by The Capitol.  Every year, as a reminder of the District's failure, the Capitol draws two children from each of the 12 Districts - one boy, and one girl - to compete in a live televised event known as the Hunger Games.  The goal of the Hunger Games: Survive to feed the starving people within your District with your winnings.  However, winning is not so simple.  Only ONE contestant - one child - can be the winner.  I read all 3 of these books back-to-back in a total of less-than 6 days. Thats how much I was drawn in, and the story made me feel feverishly-compelled to know what was happening RIGHT NOW.  No.waiting.allowed. >.<  It's been awhile since I read a book that I became so emotionally involved in, I wanted to throw it when things got too tense or scary, and I cried when I became overwhelmed. I also had a lot of LOL moments. **laughs in empty room** **looks around awkwardly**  I'm interested to see how this will turn out as a movie with so many kids bloodied and fighting for survival. I know they did it with Lord of the Flies (which scared the crap out of me as a kid), but I'm sure Thr Hunger Games will be targeted to the YA audience, which means a PG-13 rating, as opposed to the R-rating of LOTF.  Still excited though.  TL;DR -  I really loved this series.  - May the odds be ever in your favor.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I enjoy this app. All the different Bible versions to break down the awesome Word. It helps me fulfilled my hunger to want to be closer to the Most High. I can seek His face no matter where I am. Thank You YouVersion
B0066WJLU6|5.0|Both the LED &amp; Screen lights work well. I especially like the screen light for use with my telescope as by using the red color it avoids &quot;light blindness&quot;.  Great all around light app!
B0054R6BFM|5.0|book was something i could image being there and doing the stuff with the main character.maybe it is something on a personal level but i thought the tape idea was awesome.
B0067LY4WG|4.0|Short and sweet---I love this man.  His voice has grown so deep and rich; even in the songs that aren't my favorites, his voice mesmerizes me.  This is a quieter album than some that came before it, but Lullaby and Amen are every bit as good as A Thousand Kisses Deep, Dance Me to the End of Love, The Future, Anthem, and other's that I've listened to countless times.  I can't grow tired of these songs or of his voice---he's a gift to my ears and mind.  I'm grateful for his earlier financial fall because it pushed him to keep performing.  The silver lining in a dark cloud...
B0000645ID|2.0|The reason for my disappointment is that I thought I was buying the video of the last waltz and not just a CD with pictures.  It is way to pricey for just a CD.  The music is great though.<br />However, the product was delivered before the due date and was in great condition.  I would buy again from Amazon but this time I will know what it means when they say DVD - Audio
B006YXTRHY|5.0|The movie was very close to the book, in the sense that the wedding, honeymoon, and birth were captured with a variety of emotions that the people watching the movie could feel those emotions. Also, the soundtrack was spectacular, in the honeymoon they used Turning Page by Sleeping At Last that if you read the lyrics you will be captivated even if you don't believe in true love.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Thls is one of the best games I've played.  I have it on my iPod Touch as well as my Kindle Fire and they both work great.  The game play is perfect.  I recommend. it for everyone,
B004UID2LC|5.0|just get its the best app you'll get at the amazon store free song playlist it cant get better then that
B004132HZS|5.0|I've been a fan of Sherlock Holmes since high school days in the 60's. I've read all of the Conan Doyle novels and short stories at least five times, maybe more. To be honest, I didn't believe this modern day Sherlock would work but it does - better than I ever could have hoped. The characters, and the stories paralel the originals with just enough twist to make for great entertainment. Better still, there is an element of humor that is missing in the original stories that makes watching all the more fun. I would recommend the videos to anyone who enjoys a good mystery. Can't wait for season two!
B0066W1AZK|2.0|this game is good unroll your about yo win and it says: &quot;DRAW&quot; its so stupid and it makeweight me mad everytime...please fix that!!!
158270208X|5.0|Thank you Rhonda. It is a very clever idea. Just so you know the book is blank, but gives a lot of ideas for gratitude in every language in the world. First I was a bit confused, but I understood the point very quickly. It is the book that you supposed to write by your self. Very pretty design, definitely a great gift. Thank you!!!
0525478817|5.0|I purchased the book on kindle, and got a signed physical copy. I am now purchasing a third copy so that I have one to share with people. So yeah, you can say this book is kinda sorta very brilliant and awesome. Laugh to Cry ratio 1:1. Don't read in public places and keep a tissue handy!  DFTBA
B0073PZIYI|1.0|\\"In Time\\" had a fun concept for a movie...Hot Chicks, Cool Guys, balanced between slick and raw cinematography with virtually no CGI (don't know if that was a plus or minus, unfortunately the movie had a lot of religious storytelling (some hypocritical) but/and especially the wrong `time' period. It's a B Teen move which doesn't get too heavy, even in the passionate moment in the movie, or in the atmospherics of the environment. Time in this movie kept starting and stopping...or starting when it was stopping...and you know where this is going...or end.    I laughed at the guys comment; \\"I want my `time' back for watching this movie.\\" Another timely comment to him from me would be who gives a TIMEX about the 1% in the movie. In time planet Earth will explode and nobody lives forever.
B0070YDOT8|5.0|This game is a lot of fun. I can play for hours because of the variety of games and all the people you can talk to. Daily lotteries, multiple games and tables, tons of gifts, a level-up system... they all tie in together nicely for a unique casino experience unlike any I've ever seen in an app. Get it!
0743297334|5.0|This is a legendary story written by a legendary American author.  I will continue to read Hemingway.  The Sun Also Rises is a fantastic literary ride.  If you haven't read this book, you should.
B00656C6KK|5.0|How wonderful that after all these years we can still enjoy the wonderful voice of Doris Day.  Anyone who has been a fan of hers or music from the 40's & 50's will want to have this in their collection.
B000L53D4O|4.0|I bought this for my son and he is turning 8 months old. the toys on the front really get his attention and I loke the way this walker doubles as an activity toy and a walker. You have to be with your child while they use this because it will just keep rolling, no way to brake the toy. The walker looks much more sturdy and well made on the box. When you take it out you are expecting to get hard plastic or such, but the handle and the wheels are very cheap. For the price that I payed for this item on sale and with a coupon it is a great toy that will do the job just fine!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game it is so much fun!!!! It would be a great thing to do when you were bored.
B003AQBYUG|5.0|Ok first i want to start by saying that this is the region free version of the Alien Anthology on blu ray, this is also the U.K. release and is absolutely identical to the U.S. version. they both came from the same transfer both audio/video and special features are the same. the only difference between the two versions is that the U.S. version comes in a book form like Star Wars Saga did the. the U.K. version comes in the standard clear blue plastic case. and the U.K. version is Region free.<br /><br />So YES it will play in American blu ray players and PS3's. No problems at all with playback in my ps3. so now for my review of the tranfser to blu ray and the movie ratings.<br /><br />I was a little worried that the moives might not transfer so well or should i say look good because alien and aliens are old movies. being 1979 for alien and 1986 for aliens. but my fears were unfounded. all of the transfers turned out great better then what i expected for the first 2 movies. i could see no flawless, damage, pictures noise or any other issues with the 1080p transfer. After all they came from a 4K Master so they look outstanding. The blacks are black even inky. motion was smooth and the colors were accurate and natural. im very happy with the overall Video quality. The sound of course is almost perfect. The DTS-HD Master audio 5.1 track was superb. i couldn't hear anything wrong with it.<br /><br />Alien movie  8-10  Audio  Video<br />Aliens movie  10-10  Audio  Video<br />Alien3 movie  6-10  Audio  Video<br />Alien Res movie<br />Extras<br /><br />at the time of this review i havent yet watched Resurrection or any special features yet. so i will update this review.
B0036T31YY|5.0|I liked it, very intriguing. Would definitely recommend. A real bargain with Prime membership. Good actors even though I've never seen them before in any  other movie.
0439023513|4.0|This was a great book, but to me, the writing style was too dry, compared to the first two books. I realize that Collins probably intended to write that way, to reflect the setting, and thus this is my personal preference, not really a criticism of the book.    It was interesting to realize how the Capitol and District 13 are both oppressive to their citizens in opposite ways, but pretty much of equal magnitude. To make an analogy to reality tv, the Capitol is  like \\"Toddlers and Tiaras\\"- forcing its young citizens to dress up and compete for the country's entertainment, often against the will of the participants, while District 13 is like the Duggar family- strict rules, and the citizens don't seem to have much freedom to choose what they want to do.  SPOILER ALERT:    When Prim died, I thought, \\"Bitter irony.\\" After all, Katniss had volunteered to take Prim's place in the Games, precisely to save her life, but it ended up she couldn't do that. That's why when she shot and killed President Coin instead of President Snow, at first I gasped, but then realized, \\"Of course. President Snow and she did agree 'not to lie to each other', so  if Coin had ordered the death of the Capitol children, eventually leading to Prim's death, of course Katniss will take revenge on her. After all, in \\"Hunger Games\\", Katniss said she thinks Prim is the only person she 'truly loves'.\\"    I was surprised that Katniss ended up with Peeta instead of Gale, only because I thought she felt her engagement to Peeta was just an act, and that her heart favored Gale. Unlike other reviewers, however, I am neither disappointed or happy with her decision, simply because I don't think who Katniss ended up with was all that important to her. She is first and foremost a fighter, and an independent person.
B0000A5BTV|1.0|i purchesed this movie from movie mars, the movie will not work! i e-mailed movie mars---no responce! we have a new dvd player, therefore i do not think it is a problem with the player. will someone help me resolve this problem?
B005YVTHT0|3.0|There are many different types of simulation devices out there for driving games. This Simraceway steering wheel is very good in many ways. It's sturdy, and is easy to hold on to. For me, the complexity of the buttons is a downfall because while it may be perfect for the very experienced gamer because it allows them to do so many things while driving, for me (a very average gamer with limited skills), it's overwhelming and too complicated. If your goal is to master the complexities of driving simulation, then this may be the perfect device. For me, with my humble goal to just having fun, this device is overboard.
B005I4JG80|5.0|I have read several reviews after reading this book and I'm quite pissed that people can write reviews for things they haven't even read. While the author clearly favors the French way of raising kids to the American way her points are certainly valid and can be used in any household. If nothing else, it's a reminder of age old principles that we should all be incorporating into our parenting methods. I have been to France several times, even having lived there for a while and I concur that French children, in general are better behaved at restaurants and in public. While there are exceptions to every rule, French children seem to mind faster when told no and most American children can learn a thing or two from their example. This book was most helpful in the diets they eat, yes thanks to the school system, and in the reminder that the world is to be explored and not feared. Our kids need more yes and less no in their lives. It was a great reminder for me to make sure to tell my child yes more so no will mean something and it doesn't just become a meaningless sound I say too much. I will definitely read this again and recommend it to all parents.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|Just got this sharpener in today's mail. Arrived 2 days earlier than estimated. I can not believe how quick and easy it is to put a high quality edge on a knife with this sharpener. I have a high-end Smith Precision Diamond Sharpening Set ($80.00+) that I may never use again. This thing is absolutely phenomenol. I plan to buy more of them to give to friends and family members as gifts. If they cost twice as much I would still gladly buy them.
0240815807|5.0|I recently checked this book out from the Library and read it cover to cover.  I've been recording and mixing at home for 20+ years but still found a wealth of information in this book.  It's the perfect mix of highly informative but also entertaining to read text.  It's not at all dry, but is careful to not carry on with tangents Slipperman style (no offense to Slipperman of course!).  My only complaint is that the author occasionally ducks out of technical explanations claiming that \\"you don't need to know how this works\\".  On the other hand, super in-depth technical writing is distracting if you want to actually be a musician, vs an auditory science academic, so he gets off the hook on that one.  My years of reading recording and mixing forums were basically summarized and condensed in this book.  I'd buy it but I took really good notes!
B005NS0VNU|5.0|I LOVE R.E.M. AND THIS COMPILATION ARE TEH BEST.[[ASIN:B005NS0VNU Part Lies, Part Heart, Part Truth, Part Garbage: 1982 - 2011]]
B000O5B4C4|5.0|I am so impressed with this movie. For one thing it kept me on the edge of my seat trying to figure out what was really going on. And it wasn't stupid but well written. A nice thing about it was that there was no clear cut black and white for good guys and bad guys, or girls. As in true life some times we aren't as nice as we'd like other people to believe. The shots were fantastic. The directing and acting superb. Sharon Stone was fantastic. It was just a movie that was so well done, which is a real rarity. It is for adults with adult themes: Murder, sex, naked bodies, bi-sexuality, and adult language. It was done with class and was impressive as well. It is very much worth watching.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|play it. I get money for this review still good game. blab blab blab blab blab blab blab blab blab
B0000062FL|5.0|Although I have this record album, bought when it first was released ... I wanted to share some of the original Santana music with my students & the classrooms don't have facilities to play record albums!!!  I am totally pleased with the quality of the music.  Almost every song is foot-tapping ... making you want to get up & start dancing ... for me this is the most compelling Santana quality ... then of course, there's Carlos' totally incredible guitar playing.  He has a way of putting emotion into his playing that comes through all the recordings I've heard.  You just have to hear it to really appreciate it.  I can always recognize a Santana song whether I've heard it or not because of this unique guitar style.  If you've never heard Carlos Santana play, it's an experience you should give yourself ... especially if you love guitar music.  I have seen many great guitar players live, but as much as I've loved Clapton's skill, Harrison's playfulness, Stevie Ray's blues & Hendrix's outrageousness ... Carlos Santana's expressions of emotion through his music has no competition.
B0012GMVVW|3.0|I've been a Bowie fan since the mid-nineties, when I purchased a two-disc greatest hits album.  It took a few years for him to grow on me, but by the year 2000, I felt I'd gained an appreciation for his innovative songwriting and performances.  Fast forward to last summer, when I read David Buckley's biography on Bowie: Strange Fascination.  Reading that book made me aware of the extent of Bowie's talents, and got me to delve further into his studio albums.  After purchasing the bulk of the classics, Young Americans, Ziggy Stardust, Let's Dance, and Scary Monsters stood out to me as some of his finest works.  Checking out those albums increased my curiosity about his later releases.  Based on other customers' reviews, Reality and Heathen seemed like the most promising.  Between the two, I'd say Reality wins hands down.  That album sounded like it could have come out in his late-seventies/ early eighties phase with more modern production.  Every song is extremely original and clever.  Since I heard Reality first, it got my expectations up for Heathen, which perhaps set me up for greater disappointment.  It's not that Heathen is a bad album, it's just not on the level of some of Bowie's classics as these reviews would lead one to believe.  None of the songs really stood out to me, and after a few listens, I decided to remove the entire album from my ipod.
B0000062FJ|5.0|Although I have this record album ... bought it when Santana first released it ... I wanted to share some of the original Santana music with my students & the classrooms don't have facilities to play record albums!!!  I am totally pleased with the quality of the music ... it's just like the first time I actually heard this music.  For those who don't know about Santana ... this was their first album.  Most of the songs are instrumental ... but every song is foot-tapping ... making you want to get up & start moving ... for me this is the most compelling Santana quality ... then of course, there's Carlos' totally incredible guitar playing.  He has a way of putting emotion into his playing that comes through all the recordings I've heard.  You just have to hear it to really appreciate it.  On later album releases, I couldn't believe that he actually kept improving this emotional expression through his guitar, but he did.  I can always recognize a Santana song whether I've heard it or not because of this unique type of playing.  If you've never heard Carlos Santana play, it's an experience you should give yourself ... especially if you love guitar music.  I have seen many great guitar players live, but as much as I've loved Clapton's skill, Harrison's playfulness, Stevie Ray's blues & Hendrix's outrageousness ... Carlos Santana's expressions of emotion through his music has no competition.
B004RFYEEC|3.0|I've been a Beach Boys fan since the early 1980's, and I wanted to share my opinion of the SMiLE Sessions box set.  For the last 30 years or so I've been collecting SMiLE bootlegs: on album, cassette, and compact disc. When I heard that The Beach Boys were finally going to release this material I thought, \\"Yeah, I gotta see this to believe it!\\" So when it finally was released, I was shocked to say the least.  Being unemployed at the moment, I saved my pennies and I saved my dimes and bought a copy as a Christmas present to myself. Mostly because I didn't want someone spending that kind of money on me. Luckily, I found a copy on sale. It was a bargain, but not the best I ever had.  There's a lot of cool stuff inside the box! I really like the 60 page case bound book, the two 7\\" singles w/picture sleeves, and the huge poster of the album artwork. I especially like the reproduction of the original SMiLE booklet! I've never seen an original, so I never knew what it looked like.  I was really disappointed when I found out that SMiLE was issued in a mono mix, with stereo session highlights. I mean come on, it's a 5 CD box set! You'd think they'd make room for a good wide-channel stereo mix. And by good stereo, I mean someone other than Mark Linett mixing it. As I'm sure anyone that's listened to the last couple of Beach Boys' compilation CDs will agree: his \\"stereo\\" mixes leave a lot to be desired! He mixes good mono, but his stereo mixes have that \\"might-as-well-be-mono\\" feel to them.  I'm sure Mr. Linett is a nice guy, he just mixes lousy stereo.  'Wonderful' is the only SMiLE song that I don't have in stereo. I really dig the original version from 1993 Good Vibrations box set and wanted to hear that song in a good stereo mix more than anything. The only one I've heard in stereo is that stupid \\"Rock with me Henry\\" version. And wouldn't you know The Beach Boys would put THAT version on the box set!  After hearing 'Cabin Essence' in stereo for decades, a mono mix will take some getting used to. I do however, like the mono mix of 'Surf's Up,' it's very interesting. I especially like the \\"Are you sleeping?\\" vocal blend.  I was also bummed that no stereo mix of 'Good Vibrations' was included. Dick Bartley plays one on his Saturday night oldies show. I got that on cassette, it sounds incredible! Too bad one wasn't included here.  Some things should have been left off: Brian falls into a piano, the talking horns, Brian falls into a microphone. Yeah, especially the talking horns! I heard that on a bootleg LP in 1982. I didn't like it then and I still don't like it now! But, I really dig 'Teeter Totter Love'! I've palyed that more times than anything else on the box set!  Here's how it should have been released: CD 1- SMiLE in mono with bonus tracks of alternate mono mixes. CD 2- SMiLE in wide-channel stereo with bonus tracks of alternate stereo mixes. CD 3- highlights of various 'G.V.' and 'Heroes And Villains' sessions instead of taking up two CDs! CDs 4 and 5- the remainder of the SMiLE songs. Had they done that, in my opinion, it would have been a far better box set and well worth the money.  Like I wrote earlier: there's a lot of cool things in the box set. But music wise, I can't help but feel I was ripped off.
0385512104|3.0|Consider what you know about the life of Christopher, a protagonist of the Curious Incident of the dog in the Night. How might a helper with a humanistic approach think about and attempt to assist Christopher? Would this approach be effective?
B004MC8CA2|5.0|great app that combines multiple versions that you can access offline as well as reading plans to help you stay on top of your daily reading.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love it. comprehensive and well designed interface! My church uses this app. I have it installed on every electronic device I own. The website and Ipad app is great too!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I like this awesome app. it is full of cool and interesting games. I would recommend it to anyone with a kindle fire
B006PHD0RW|5.0|You wont realize it at first, but this game is huge!  Difficult but fun!  Overall a great puzzle game.  I was very pleased!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I got this app on a recommendation from an article I read out of curiosity. I never thought I would use it as much as I do, but I don't do much of anything without noting it in Evernote, and I have only skimmed the surface of what it can do. Lists, voice recordings, photos, and sharing notes with friends...it does it all. One of my favorite apps.
B006PHD0RW|4.0|Good game.  Easy at first,  but gets very challenging as the levels get higher.  Plus there are different ways to play so you don't get too bored.
B001DDBCUA|5.0|Love This movie! Came quick in the mail. Can not beat the price anywhere else. Target and best buy was asking for too much.
0060873027|3.0|As I was reading this I was thought I saw where this was going but didn't want to believe it until I got there.  But then; OMIGOD!  He tried to write a thrilling, tension filled version of Honey I Shrunk the Kids!  To be fair Michael Crichton unfortunately died while writing this, and Richard Preston had the task of picking up the pieces and finishing it - without having the ability to discuss the author's intent.<br /><br />So the book tried to be scary or at least thrilling but unfortunately the water had already been muddied by Rick Moranis and company.  That would have been a huge task to overcome to begin with, let alone with the loss of Crichton during the process.<br /><br />So we end up with a book that is a little to cartoonishly funny that I was never able to take as seriously as I imagine it was meant to be.  I think he wanted to do for bugs what he did for dinosaurs with Jurassic Park.  I did come away with a new respect for our insect friends and that on a level playing field they would kick our butts all over the place.  This would be an excellent book for the younger crowd, especially those budding entomologists.
B002ZG98Z0|5.0|Love This movie! Came quick in the mail. Can not beat the price anywhere else. Target and best buy was asking for too much.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I absolutely love this Bible app!  I don't have the space to tell you all that the paid for one includes. It is definitely worth getting the upgraded one it has more reading plans than you will even know what to do with. Love love love it!
B003ELOQD4|5.0|Portugues - Show imperdivel, sensacional, mesmo para quem ja assistiu ao Vivo, merece ter este classico, gravao de excelente qualidade de som e imagem ! vou comprar outro para presentear!!  Ingles - Show unmissable, sensational, even if you've watched the live, deserve to have this classic, high quality recording and sound! I will buy another as a gift
B004MC8CA2|5.0|ive never read the Bible before. I seen this app and thought it would be the perfect chance. its easier, and I get a huge selection of different bibles to choose from. all for free.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Have been playing this for a couple weeks now. Really passes the time while on the train. Reckoned to anyone to pass the time away.
B004MNO0BQ|5.0|Great game. Should really get. Good graphics and controls. Awesome level is super high! If you're thinking about it buy. Worth 99 cents.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|I'm a Christian & always looking for something great & entertaining. This movie is a great!!! It has everything, action, humor, love, compasion, sadness, etc., etc. Well done & you can share with your whole family. You don't have to cover your little ones ears or eyes. [[ASIN:B0062NAX1U Courageous]]I highly recommend it.
B0068TL23G|5.0|This game is very fun and very addictive. It would be nice to know what the green stars mean and wish it would let you look at your last solution when you want to do one over again. This is the first game I have ever played all the way to the end. I think it will appeal to people who enjoy problem solving. I enjoyed it very much.
B0000JCFPE|4.0|Basic Instinct is a story of a killing that leads police to a collage of unsolved deaths.<br /><br />Detective Nick Curran (Michael Douglas) is called in to investigate the opening murder scene, only to find the girl friend, Catherine Tramell (Sharon Stone), playful and very indiscreet about prior sexual activities with the dead man. Catherine is a murder/mystery novelist, and quickly becomes the prime suspect when Curran learns the crime has been described in the latest book. Upon further reading he discovers more deaths.<br /><br />The mystery is not without many twists and partly set in some of San Fransisco's forbidden underground locales.<br /><br />This is good entertainment for adult audiences.
B0067LY4WG|5.0|Leonard Cohen is not known to spoil his large audience with many new songs / albums. So naturally there are always high hopes and expectations for his rare new releases. After the album \\"Dear Heather\\" from 2004, one might fear that the old voice and perhaps the inspiration was close to exhaustion. There are obviously fine songs on \\"Dear Heather\\", but they are fewer than you are accustomed to from Cohen, and his voice appear worn and slightly weak on several tracks.<br /><br />I was fortunate to experience him live on his recent European tour, so I knew that he in many ways is still an entertainer at the highest level and that his voice if it just presented right is at least as expressive as when he was younger. Over the years he is also known for being very adept at finding the right musicians, and especially the right singers to back him up.<br /><br />On this new album the list of people who have vcontributed is very long - both concerning producers, arrangers, singers and musicians. However, fortunately, they have managed to create a beautiful album that serves as a beautiful whole, and you donever notice that the whole team may be changed from one song to the next.<br /><br />Like all Cohen's later albums it is beautifully produced: Very pleasant sound - never get boring nor irrelevant, however. Cohen's songwriting is still fine, though there hardly many new great classics to find. On several of the songs he has had help on melody side from producer Patrick Leonard and on one from Anjani Thomas.<br /><br />There are no weak tracks - they all appear finished, even though the lyrics on a couple of tracks may seem a little sparse. The theme of the songs is for the most part getting old - looking back at a long life and to embrace death.<br /><br />Of personal favorites, I will mention \\"Going Home\\" - a quiet melodic song with very nice vocal backing by Dana Glover.<br /><br />On the gospel-like and melancholy \\"Show Me\\" Cohen is supported on vocals by his old friend Jennifer Warnes. Perhaps the finest number on the album.<br /><br />On the melodic \\"Come Healing\\" it is again Dana Glover who is responsible for the great harmony vocals.<br /><br />A small handful of songs draw well on the blues. \\"Darkness\\" with his latest tour band in the backing is a fine and tight recording, and it's always nice to listen to Sharon Robinson and the Webb Sisters. Robinson is also present on the less significant \\"Banjo\\". On \\"Lullaby\\" you notice a nice melodic guitar line.<br /><br />The final track \\"Different Sides\\" is a worthy conclusion to a great album from one of music's great veterans. The song has some of the grandeur that characterized Cohen's music on \\"I'm Your Man\\" and \\"The Future\\".<br /><br />\\"Amen\\" has by many been brought forward as the key track. I don't necessarily agree. For me, \\"Amen\\" is just one good number among many others.the melodic \\"Come Healing\\" it is again Dana Glover who is responsible for the great harmony vocals.  A small handful of songs draw well on the blues. \\"Darkness\\" with his latest tour band in the backing is a fine and tight recording, and it's always nice to listen to Sharon Robinson and the Webb Sisters. Robinson is also present on the less significant \\"Banjo\\". On \\"Lullaby\\" you notice a nice melodic guitar line.  The final track \\"Different Sides\\" is a worthy conclusion to a great album from one of music's great veterans. The song has some of the grandeur that characterized Cohen's music on \\"I'm Your Man\\" and \\"The Future\\".  \\"Amen\\" has by many been brought forward as the key track. I don't necessarily agree. For me, \\"Amen\\" is just one good number among many others.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|Not stuck, YET. The difficulty is ramping up nicely. worth the price of admission, for sure. I'm thinking of buying on iOS a second time if avail for the iPad.
B00003CX8Y|1.0|While excited about purchasing the product I received the wrong item. One disc was the 2nd disc of the set and the other was a game. I'm disappointed that I wasted my time in purchasing as well as having to send it back for a refund. I probably will think twice about purchasing a dvd online again.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Angry Birds is a super fun game that I would recomend to anyone. also,I was really numbed out when I completed everything free.......I give this game a 5 ot of 5 stars!!!!!
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|this game was nothing like it was supposed to be it also takes up to much space on my tablet
B004MC8CA2|5.0|love it! very easy to use and i love having any version of the Bible at my fingertips. the.live option is great too!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it's fun, some of the games are a bit irritating and hard to complete, but it is still very addictive.
B003F3NEBG|5.0|If you like the book Pride and Prejudice, and you own a Blu-ray player, you simply must buy blu-ray dvd of the A&E adaptation.  The picture is amazing and the sound is great.  I was completely lost watching it and that too, when I have watched it many times on the regular dvd.  It was like watching it for the first time.  You will love it.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Some games are impossible to beat on a touch screen. also takes a long time to get points once you get to the higher levels
B000P0J09C|5.0|Got this in only a few days.  Very satisfied with product.  Was everything it said it would be.  5 stars.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|it is so nice having this app the Bible app.  I use it on my kindle fire and it fits right in my purse and I am able to take it everywhere.  The things I like best is all the different translations and all the plans at my fingertips! Its free what more can a person ask for.
B0001ARCFA|5.0|I just bought this headphones and i feel like I'm listening to two monitor speakers, they're awesome.<br />You won't regret
B0063IH60K|5.0|Love it.  Used to play years ago. and have'nt played in forever.  As good as it ever was.  For young and old alike.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this apply is great. the games are fun, some easy and some hard. I use it as a pass time and a break when studying. I would recommend it to  one.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I absolutely love this app. I got it about a week before it was a free app for my kindle fire. This is the most used app on my fire.
B003Y5H53S|5.0|Don't want to be a spoiler, but i'm a super Johnny Depp fan, and a Jorge Louis Borges fan. This movie combines their style together. My favorite one.
B005ZUR724|3.0|The Arcadian server is sending me back to the app screen on my kindle fire. The other servers like Tear Coast and whispering winds work fine. Can u please fix they Arcadian  server?
B004HO6I4M|5.0|Beautiful birds, beautiful tango. vivid Rio urbanscape. But the ending seems not that satisfying... seems the director forgot to solve some problem shown up at the first of the film... who knows. just a fun story for kids.
B004SD5GZ4|1.0|I find EZ-PDF much better on the K.F.  Viewing docs on both apps is comparable, but it is much faster &amp; easier to maneuver around EZ-PDF. And, most importantly, you can delete PDFs you no longer want on your SD card with a simple long press with EZ-PDF! Not so with Adobe...
B005I6EU48|5.0|Just received this item today and couldn't be more pleased. The spine is beautiful and I love how I can set it on my bookshelf and it fits right in. Shook it around and there was no movement. Tight fit, but that's good. Someone said it doesn't lay flat at first, but as another reviewer pointed out just work the spine a bit then it does.<br /><br />UPDATE: Still working great, date is May 3, 2012. Holds tight still, spine is loosened up and the cover closes just fine. :) Great product!<br /><br />UPDATE: Feb.21,2013 - Still in excellent condition. Spine has faded just a bit on color, but it's still solid and holds my Kindle with no problems since the day I put it in. Definitely worth the investment. :)
B005EHNMWM|2.0|Like to think I can appreciate music that is both good and \\"important\\" (e.g., OK Computer was genius as well as enjoyable), but music should be first and foremost an affair of the heart. If it's not evocative, then all the experimentation and innovation in the world won't make it a staple of listening pleasure.  This record has its moments but overall I don't \\"feel\\" it (or any other Wilco album I've listened to). And the thing is, I don't quite know why... thought it might be the lo fi dissonance they're known for, but if jarring sonics were a turnoff, certainly Beck wouldn't be on my ipod (Sea Change had me in a cathartic cocoon of grief for weeks).  Might be the Dylan/Petty-like, albeit range-less, voice of the singer but in the end I'm just not sure... guess I'll chalk it up to age, the inevitable shedding of \\"hipster\\" skin, and the middle-aged move into irony-less happiness.  One reviewer contrasted Wilco (who they love) with other music of the past couple decades they don't love (like Pearl Jam). Each to his own I guess, but for me if I want to \\"feel like I have a soul that has been saved\\" I'll take Pearl Jam's latest (Backspacer) over anything I've heard by Wilco.  [One Sunday Morning is a nice little ditty though...]
B005ZUR724|1.0|the game as a whole is good but ever since the update it will not work on my fire or any android device I own. way to go gameloft, your update destroyed your game.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Wow I can't stop playing this! So addicting! My 5 yr old loves it too. So many different challenges that keep your attention.
1594744769|5.0|The twists and turns and conflicts this book creates only adds to the appeal of unusual orphans and a teenage boy with a tragic past discovering who they are. This book isn't just about peculiar children living in a time loop, it's about love and self-discovery. It's so fascinating to watch a teen boy try to learn about his grandfather's past, only to learn about himself. I know it sounds cheesy, but the way the book is narrated by the protagonist, it really pulls you into the story. This is a great book for anyone who wants danger and a little bit of fantasy mixed in for good measure with a taste for the peculiar.
0307957934|1.0|This is a terrible book.  I picked this up because I am a hedge fund manager and I know of Robert Harris' reputation, but this one is just an extraordinarily improbable, infuriating piece of crap.  A Reuters review says that Harris gets the finance right.  Well, that isn't remotely so, but that's not the real problem.  The basic issue is that you have unbelievable characters that you don't care about and a plot that is as out of control as a driver on LSD.  I stayed with the book only because I was perversely fascinated by what possessed Harris to write it.  Perhaps the ending would provide a clue.  It didn't.
B002SSUQFG|5.0|This is a high quality automatic watch that is very accurate, easy to read and easy to set. For the price, this is a fantastic deal.
B005K17RU0|5.0|It gave complete, but brief weather conditions in the drop down window. If you wanted more more detailed information, you can just click on the briefing in the window. I think it is very well set up and quite useful.
0694013013|5.0|My 8 month old daughter is mesmerized by the pictures in this book.  At her age she tends to get bored with books very quickly but she will sit through this whole book and squeals each time I turn the page.  The pictures are so large and vivid.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Great app, not only is it free to download but you can access multiple versions of the Bible in almost any language for free also.  You can even download some versions for offline access to the Bible.  I would highly recommend this app to anyone.
B000641Z90|5.0|All I can say is DVD WOW! I can not wait for uncompressed Blu-ray sound please be 7.1!! DVD sound is amazing Blu-ray would be reference
B003Y5HWJU|5.0|I am waiting for Season Two like a child waits for Christmas! Steve Buscemi is mezmerizing to watch. He plays it both ways, ruthless and vulnerable, good and evil. I hated to see Season One end. Bravo!
B005ZUR724|3.0|i have a question if you pay the 7$ that is required is it free for life, and if not is it really 7$ for 3 months?
B003MYYJD0|5.0|Item received brand new and very well packed. the watch came with plastic protector around the watch! excellent packaging by invicta. that should be the way how new watch should be packed. Will let it run for some time in the box before I can tell if the item is good. This gold tone is really stunning and irresistable.
0316017930|5.0|Well, you certainly can't say that you get short-changed by this author!!  Some books, you are lucky to get 2 pounds of matter to think about.  This author gives you 20 pounds in each book.  You are extremely lucky  if, , ,you get it all!!!  What a great, great book.  I highly reccomend it!!!
B0000C9JFO|5.0|I was a foreign student in France for a year so this film brought back some warm memories...the hardships in the beginning...finding a decent place to live....struggles with the language.  Then the joys of bonding with students from all over Europe.  My years abroad was life-changing and so I really identified with the adventure of the French student in Barcelona, whose story is so charmingly told here.  This is a small story, but it's told with such attention to detail and so realistically, that it's very satisfying.  The events of the student's life...his affair with the wife of the man who took him in, his lessons in love from the lesbian, his own disappointment in love, as well as his discovery of the joys of the city, are so real that one has to be charmed by them.  There are some terrific scenes--I particularly enjoyed two with the obnoxious William, the English fellow visiting his sister, Wendy.  He manages to insult everyone within minutes of his arrival, but there's something about him that is wonderful inspite of his limitations.  This is a very well written character!  His fruit-fly imitation was hilarious and his willingness to embarass himself to protect his sister really endeared him to the group and to the audience.  Audry Tatou plays only a small, rather unsympathetic role, so the advertising on the DVD cover is misleading.  Not to worry, though, the rest of the cast is so good that she will not be missed.  An added delight is the city of Barcelona, both its beautiful and grittier parts, lovingly photographed.  The theme of European unity is not to be missed but this is basically a personal and human film.  It deals with profound subjects but in a refreshing, lighthearted way.
0307888908|5.0|This book offers great tips on how to have a successful career based on entrepreneurial principles. It covers the theory that we have multiple experiences that make up our career and that not everything works out immediately. You have to constantly shift, go with the flow, reinvent yourself and develop a strong network. I'm confident that people will be talking about this book for the next decade because the economy will never go back to what it was a decade ago. No longer can you work for a company for two decades!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|addifting :) solo fun :) yeaaaaa u should try playing itttt o o o o o o o o bs s s e e e e e. e
B0071QIN00|1.0|why do they make you tilt your device it hard to do it if you're shaking this is wack stupid
B004VMVTNU|1.0|Suddenly stopped working this morning. No sound. Its critical I get this working because I'm a medical student who relies on this app to wake up at 4 am every morning. wtf?!?!?!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|very fun and well worth the zero dollars you pay. . .actually. its probably worth more than that...excellent games with a varieety of difficulty
B002T9H2LA|5.0|This movie is pure awesomeness.... Who cares if it's not \\"historically accurate.\\" Great story, great cast, great everything. Even the main villain, as friggin' evil as he was, I couldn't help but like! My only beef is that all my favorite characters died.... Oh, well.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|does anyone know how to get past The Big Cheese? I think it's  level 4. I love love love this game and want to continue! thanks! :)
B003Y5H4YI|4.0|If you are expecting a spy movie or even a shoot-em-up. You will be disappointed. It is a low-key physiological thriller about lying and its consequences.<br /><br />The story for the most part is mediocre and contrived. There are the standard plots and twists and turns almost on queue. You usually have to see something the second time to see however they set you up for what is coming. Not this film as they are right up front. Great visuals. Not too much overwhelming background music. The Music do a little too much thumping during the \\"prepare you for the surprise scenes\\".  The acting was up to par with all the actors even if Helen took center stage.
0446585025|5.0|Me and my sister kept reading the book. I couldn't stop laughing for some parts in the book. I would recomend any Ellen fan to get her book
B0068FYZH0|5.0|John Forbes Nash has the ability to see patterns in math and nature that are ordinarily overlooked. He presumably is pressed into using his ability for the government.  Alicia comes into his world and as with many great loves; she sees what others call weird, as a cute uniqueness.  We follow their courtship and then life together.<br /><br />It is the little things and the interaction among friends that make the movie.  This movie captures your attention from the beginning. You may be able to anticipate what is happening however it is not meant to be a dark secret with a twist ending as much as letting you in on what he is going through to survive.  All the characters are fleshed out and you feel that you are there.  This movie leaves a good after taste.<br /><br />[[ASIN:B00006BSGJ John Nash: A Beautiful Genius]]
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this app is.great. wonderful for daily readings and quick references. I love that it reminds me everyday and I really enjoy the audio option.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Downloaded it for my kindle fire. Love the graphics and everything about it! It is definitely a must have for those few quick spare moments we mommies rarely get.
0156027321|5.0|Some areas of the book seem long and drawn out but it is definitely worth reading--the ending is thought provoking and makes it worth while.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|awesome I loved it. the only thing is that is difficult to get points you should get this app if you are in to mini games
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I love this game drop down awesome the thing i like about it is that its free and has more games then all the apps
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This cover was just what I needed for my Kindle Fire. Easy to place the Kindle inside & it holds it real tight...no worries about it falling out. I carry it in my purse every day & it stays well protected. And it's so easy to use...just prop it up & watch your video..no worries there either. Great product & well priced.
1451627289|4.0|I gave this book four stars because I could not put it down. I like to read, but there are a lot of distractions that keep me from reading as much as I used to. I was a big King fan through the 80's and 90's, but have not really read anything new of his in almost 12 years because my tastes have changed.    I read this based on the premise and the recommendation of a friend and I was totally hooked from the beginning.  I actually read the 849 pages in about a week - averaging 100 pages a day once I got into it.    I'm almost 64 years old, so I remember the Kennedy assassination when I was fifteen in my sophomore year of high school. I think I'm familiar with most of the conspiracy theories and they've made for some entertaining movies and documentaries over the last 40+ years.    Stephen King can still tell a story with the best of them. The whole premise of the time portal at the back of the diner that takes you back to a specific date and returns you to the present two minutes after you leave is genius. How did he think that up? It's vintage King. And say what you will about King, he does know how to end a story - at least to my satisfaction. It seems like he's painting himself into a corner but he gets out of it without relying on some supernatural assistance.    And here's where 11/22/63 loses that fifth star. [I hope this isn't a SPOILER.]  I wish there had been a little more of the end.  Maybe take 100 or so pages from the Texas part of the book and expand on the consequences that Jake's actions in the past have on the future [present?]. That part felt kind of hurried.  I didn't notice it while I was reading, but when I got to the end it was kind of a big HUH???    All-in-all I recommend this book as a real page-turner. Put on some music, have a hot or cold beverage, turn out all the lights except the reading lamp and jump in.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I thought this game was clever, fun, and awesome. It is challenging and a perfect family game. It is good for trips and waiting for something. I have two words.  BAG IT !!!!!!!!!!!! So get bag it the game, I mean you know what they say.  BAG IT ,  BIG TIME.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Fun and cute game. Works great on my kindle fire. Would reccomend this app to. Others. Bag groceries and try not to break any. Other levels where the goal is to squish at many items in a given time.fun.
B005FISC52|5.0|The Final Season of One Tree Hill is the best....this season is alot darker then what you may see in tree hill but the show has ended its 9 year run on top...i will cry when the series finale airs but i know i can relieve all 9 seasons on dvd over and over...no matter what anyone says but in my heart no show can beat the heart and music and love of ONE TREE HILL....get this season and get all the drama and surprises and the return of LUCAS(chad michael murray) and more...this season has drama,laughs and TYLER HILTON...need we ask for more....GOODBYE TREE HILL  2003 - 2012
B005WFPAU8|3.0|All of the \\"Final Destination\\" movies pretty much blend into one big blob of killing beautiful young people in creative ways.  I would offer that FD 5 sticks to the same formula and does it well.  Twenty or so office workers are headed to an off-site retreat when they become stuck on a large bridge under repair.  Suddenly high winds cause a series of events (always fun to watch) that begin to destroy the bridge.<br /><br />Minutes earlier one of the young workers (Nicholas D'Agosto) has a vision of what will happen.  Like the previous movies, he's not sure what he's seeing but he knows that he must get others off the bus and the bridge.  Six or seven do (sorry I lost count) and manage to reach safety.  As in earlier episodes \\"Death\\" is not happy so begins to pick the survivors off one by one.  There really is no other plot.  There is some young romantic angst between Sam (D'Agosto) and his girlfriend Molly (Emma Bell, \\"Frozen\\", & TV's \\"The Walking Dead\\") but it isn't important.  For those who like this franchise in general, you shouldn't be disappointed.<br /><br />Director Steven Quayle and his writing and visual effects team are highly creative in coming up with unusual ways to die.  FD 5 isn't really scary but there is no question tension is built as we try to guess things like when the gymnast is going to step on the metal screw on the balance beam.  I'm not sure when this series will end but the surprise at the end suggests this isn't the last of the films and not in the way you might think.<br /><br />The Blu ray transfer is crisp and clear in a 2.40:1 aspect ratio.  The DTS HD Master Audio has plenty of action in all the speakers.  Snapping bridge cables will have you ducking.  Extras include alternate death scenes and a reconstruction of the plane crash and bridge collapse.
B005HSL626|1.0|I used to ALWAYS play this game, like every day! but now... when I launch the app, it boots me out of it.....what's up??? it used to work fine but now its not even letting me play:( sad face
B006PHD0RW|4.0|Runs well on bionic. Game play smooth and graphics done well. Good clean challenging way to kill some time. f
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is a unique game that is  challenging and fun to play! I find myself replaying levels to beat my high score.
B005HSG3TC|3.0|This cover is great and I really loved it until I discovered that my dog hair sticks to the felt and it is impossible to remove. I am sad to have to buy a different cover so soon but I cannot take it to work looking this way. If you have no pets or do not need to take it in public it is a great case.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I can clearly see why this Album walked away with so many Grammys.  Being past the age of 50 in 2012 I was completely blown away when I got to track 10 (Lovesong), being one of the best cover songs out there.  If you've not purchased the entire album you're missing out.  Thank you Adele for making me feel young again.
0810988232|2.0|I agree with the other reviewers, these cards are cheaply made, thin and flimsy, light, \\"sticky\\" - they don't mix or fan well at all.  The images are hap hazard, some as good as the Faerie's Oracle deck, but these are few. I felt no connection to any of the faeries, and worse, I felt that some of the images included were inconsistent and out of place. If you know any of the movies based on or worked on by Froud, you'll recognize some of the characters and artwork. If I had wanted a deck based on a movie, I would have bought one. As it is, I wanted faeries, not fantastical, cheesy 80's movie art. One of the cards was cartoony, and several were silly Peter Pan references. Many of the cards were just head shots with names and in depth meanings attributed to them without any sense of connection to the actual faces portrayed.  And that leads me to the book and the definitions themselves. I felt in most cases, the meanings and interpretations were way off and just plain wrong. I felt no connection between the names, the definitions and the cards themselves. None at all. In the Faerie's Oracle, each faerie felt real, alive, with personal names and personalities and stories. In this book, I often felt that the artwork was forcibly matched to a definition, as if there was a list of definitions they wanted to include in a deck, a very specific deck, and if no faeries fit, one was just picked and shoved into place - here, this one will go here, since we don't have one that really fits, this one will have to do . . . Where with the Faerie's Oracle, it seemed that each image was contemplated and divined so to speak as to its message, this deck felt like the reverse, as I said, that images were forcibly combined with a predetermined definition.  I have to say, I was disappointed, quite disappointed, even with lowered expectations based on the reviews here. Even at half off the original price, I won't be keeping this deck. There is nothing here I connect with or care to try to getto know. The whole thing felt like a miss-matched mess. The two stars are for the few cards, very few, that spoke to me, that seemed to have energy, that seemed, whether by intention or sheer mistake, actually seemed to match up with the assigned names and definitions. Too bad there weren't enough of these to make the deck worth keeping.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have played this game often, and I like it very much.  And not alot of ads in it, so its not annoying, just mentally fun!
B004EPYZPS|3.0|Good as advertised.  Arrived promptly and in the specified condition. I was not sure at first but I had previously viewed this movie at some time earlier.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I love this app it's so much fun and I can't get enough of it and it's all I play!!
B0019N8P2W|3.0|This show is entertaining but seem a little dry without the music.  The music really makes a big different. Finally seen the episodes with and without the music, its like watching Beavis and Butthead without the music videos.
160024842X|1.0|Let me start by saying I got the audiobook version of The Lovely Bones which is foolishly read by Sebold. Why novelists continue to succumb to the compulsion to read their own work, I cannot fathom. Sebold is a monotone, one-note wonder in her vocalization of this book, and while it would have still been terrible, I might have pushed it to 2 stars with a better narrarator. The content of this book is bleak and depressing, but that isn't why I loathed it. It was dreadful because the characters were poorly drawn, shallow and forgettable. I don't even know where to start. Susie isn't particularly likeable or interesting. The mish-mash of friends and family feel cliched and predictable. Because there are plot holes bigger than the sink pit in the novel. I'm still curious how a mass murderer dug a cellar in a corn field near public roads that kids traversed daily without drawing any attention. What did he excavate with? Where did the dirt go? How did no one notice? How did he fill it in so quickly? Because the conclusion is contrived, manipulative and unsatisfying. All I have to say without ruining it for unfortunate future readers is possession and icicle. Really? Because the version of \\"heaven\\" in this novel is pointless and portrayed as just an ethereal version of earth. In this heaven, the inhabitants can partake through various mediums in a smorgasbord of wildly unheavenly things such as profanity, pre-marital sex, extra-marital affairs, home invasion, theft and potentially even murder. The grievances that I have could go on and on, but I think you get my point. I would like to note that the writing is serviceable, but far from parallel to genre peers, however, the metaphors in this book are among the worst I've ever read. This is one bestseller that I recommend staying far away from, or if you're truly sadistic, you can buy the audio version and give it to a fellow bibliophile that you don't like.
1400052181|5.0|I absolutely loved this book! I had no idea about the HeLa cells at all (and i have a degree in Sociology!) This book was a nice read, the story was well told...the author did her research and wrote Henrietta's story beautifully. I would definitely recommend to a friend (i let my friend borrow this and never got it back )
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this is the one of the best apps becase it is a good time consuming games were ever you go becase you do not wifi
B0063IH60K|5.0|love that you can pick winning hands. hate spinning wheels and never knowing if the hand was not winnable or if I just messed up!
B0067TQQI8|5.0|I purchased the Anker Astro 8400mAh and am very happy with it! I am an excessive user of gadgets, smartphones, ipad 2, ipod, laptop, just to mention a few and this allows me while traveling to have only one charger instead than 4 different chargers and charge 2 devices simultaneusly. But its is a big plus for my htc amaze 4g whose battery won't last me 3 hrs during the day, love the phone but the battery is a bummer, and i was thinking of purchasing 3 addtl batteries to use them throughout the day, however this have been absolutely amazing because i only have to carry this charger and my amaze lasts an entire day. Yet have the option of charging other devices at the same time. Its heavier than my phone, but I still carry it on my purse, but mostly leave it in the car since i dont need it at home. Most definitely amazing that I can recharge my phone several times. Also I attach it to the car to use as a charger, since my car charger takes forever to charge my phone, this charges it faster. Highly recommend it!
B005UT29Z0|3.0|I really like this movie, thought the subject timely, the acting superb and even liked cinematography.  I personally think everyone should watch this movie if for no other reason than to understand just how fragile our economy really is.  Having said that I have to say the use of a certain expletive ad nauseum was really in very bad taste.  My 18 year old son said that he thought the writer really couldn't have been that good if that was all he could come up with.  I have to agree to some degree.  It really was unnecessary.  Having worked around and for and with professional people most of my adult life I have never heard people speak like this, using the F-bomb as one reviewer put it, nearly two to three times a sentence most of the film.  I am not squeamish about swearing but this was gratuitous in the extreme.  Other than that I thought it was a very well done film.
0439023521|5.0|I could not put this book down! Not that I can say I wanted to anyways. This was one of the most entrapping, visual books that I have ever read!
B004WE01YA|5.0|I would recomend this movie to everyone who has a 3D TV. We had a party and invited a mother and daughter over to watch it. They had never seen a 3D movie and the girl had never seen Beauty and the Beast. Well, It was a smashing success. I would recomend this movie to all familys, especially ones with little girls. P.S. The daughter is fourteen.
B003P9VZ0W|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my grand-daughter.  The colors were very bright and the images clear.  They came off the backing easily and are sticking to the walls great.  A great way to re-decorate a child's room without re-painting or changing wallpaper as they grow up.
B005OYKIJ0|5.0|This was complete and utter escapist fantasy!  It didn't matter that parts of the plot were completely unbelievable.  It didn't even matter that there were no captions.  The parts of the scenery that featured the ocean and the countryside surrounding Rio were breathtaking!  Made me totally want to visit and see the ocean.  Guess that's going on my bucket list.  lol  I admit being shallow enough to *totally* enjoy the fight between Johnson and Diesel.  I'm sure it was choreographed all to hell, and yet it looked like they were having so much fun with each other.  Yes, I finished high school.  Yes, I'm older than twelve.  Yes, I'm even a girl.  Yes, I just adored this movie.  Not everything has to be a high-brow cinematic masterpiece.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun game......with lots of small games you never get bored! recommend this for anyone who gets sick of s game quickly. download it and see for yourself.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|The app works great. The controls take a minute to get used to, but once you do they're very intuitive. It is very secure and overall works great; well worth $5.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I just got the app, so far, its okay. I like it because of the differant games of it. I don't like it because of the stupid update. ;(
B004LOMB2Q|3.0|good unifomity across devices but could interface with comlementary programs better, a liitlle more time to grow up and collaborate across platforms and it could replace the family white board on the fridge.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I love this game! It is really addicting and I just got hooked on it. I don't know why people are saying that you need wi-fi for this because you don't. Also, people.are saying that it is really slow, but mine is really fast.
1451648537|5.0|I fell in love with the iPhone and became an early evangelist(unpaid) for the game changing product, but that's not what prompted me to purchase this biography on Steve Jobs. I was keen to know what happened behind the scenes, the not so hunky dory situations that preluded the fantastic products he so lovingly created and launched. There were many queries in my mind how his \\"insanely great\\" achievements, being sure that it was not as straight forward as it was made to be when Steve climbed onstage to standing ovations (usually reserved for Diva's and celebrities) and the attending crowds lapped up every word of his like it was Gospel to a hungry soul. Walter Isaacson has captured many of those stories you want to know but nobody (at apple) wants to share in this epic that bring Steve down to earth showing the not so nice side of his personality that we never could tell from what we saw and heard of him. It makes intriguing reading and i strongly recommend this book to all people who hold extreme feelings towards apple products (lovers and haters alike). Personally my admiration for Steve as a man of complicated contradictions has only grown after reading this book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|it is really great and fun. there is varieties of.games.to choose from and u it gives u a good challenge
0307266303|5.0|I initially thought it was going to be a \\"learn how to run barefoot\\" manual, and in a way it sort of is - but it's also so much more than that.  The collection of stories that the author presents are so inspirational, there were several times when I found myself moved to tears.  And the parts where the author deviates from the main story and talks about the rise of the sports shoe industry, and the prescribed training methods of top level olympic coaches made me feel angry but also empowered with new knowledge.  More importantly, this book has inspired me to face my own fears and to run - and the first time I did it, I felt so amazing, I've done it almost every day since then, with a big smile on my face.  Somehow, I feel more human.  I thank the author for this wonderful book.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|I love angry birds,,,!!!! Enough Said ....!!!! I play it a lot when I'm just setting in Dr. OFFICES,  Which I have to do quite often ... Love It, it passes the time by faster. !!!
B0063GORYU|5.0|This app rocks. Hours of down time enjoyed (wasted) playing it, enjoying every minute. Choice of playing with 1,2,3, or 4 suits. Couldn't ask for more. The only thing that I would like to see, in statistics, there is a list of the top GAMES and not just the top one.
B002ZG9846|5.0|Kick-Ass is an adaptation from a comic book like Sin City,Watchmen.  At first before watching this movie,I did not take it seriously at all and the trailer wasnt very revealing as well. Looked more like a spoof of a superhero movie with two kids and Nicolas Cage as a middleaged man, looking like a very washed up superhero.Boy was I wrong.Also the \\"R\\" rating was a hint that this movie was gonna be explicit,and it sure was.This movie has everything,good story,comedy,action from hand to hand  to weapons.The villian in the movie is British actor Mark Strong, who has been in many movies like Revolver,RocknRolla,Green Lantern,John Carter.He plays an Italian New York mobster Frank D'Amico and his son Christopher-Mintz(Mclovin)looks up to him and one day wants to take over the bussiness.    Then main two characters in the story are Aaron Johnson who plays the title character Kick-Ass and Chloe Grace-Moretz who plays Hit Girl.Chloe has got the be the best performer in the movie and the scene stealer as well.She shows energy,dedication and some good martial arts moves to the table.Nicolas Cage plays the father of Hit-Girl and is also a superhero known as Big Daddy.Big Daddy has been framed by Frank D'Amico and is put in jail for many years and is the cause of death of his wife.    The movie itself is very realistic and the superheroes have  no superpowers like the Xmen or the Hulk.They use their intelligence to solve crimes.There hasnt been an \\"R\\" rated superhero movie like this since Watchmen,Sin City and the first two Blade movies.I havent seen such a great supporting actor performance from Nic Cage in a long time.With this movie it put him back on the spot.  After the succes of Kick-Ass.Director Matthew Vaughn was chosen to direct X-Men First Class and that was another success from him.
B005ZUR724|5.0|After I down loaded the server update last night, every time I try to play, it puts me back to the app store right after I chose the character I want to play. I go through the process of loving in, but when I click on my player,  I automaticly get sent back to the kindle app store. I am getting very frustrated to say the least. do I have toDL it all over again?
B0073LWEXK|5.0|Fun game,  challenging but I could not find where to go even with the map. Other than that so fun!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|It is a great book. If you enjoy suspense and action, this is the book for you although it left the end open. I do not regret reading this book. Overall it's a great book.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|I will always be a fan of Sherlock Holmes and his friend Watson. Fantastic read, and my children are becoming fans as well.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|For whatever reason SwiftKey does not work with Google docs app... Please work on a fix for this. Thank you!
B005PTYOTE|5.0|aaaHHH AAAAAAHh, boom , ratatatataaaattta, falling, and blowing up of stuff, and nudity (partial) !!!sorry guys!!!, big and little guns shooting, and more blowing up of things...........................and all with a super cool musical intro.<br /><br />Men; must have them all !!!!!!!!!
031603441X|5.0|Life, in broad application, is always full of surprises. LIFE, Keith Richards' autobiography, is no less laden with the unexpected: First, that the book is even readable, and it is--eminently so; second, that the type story that has been told numerous times by countless other survivors of hedonistic excess would hold any interest at all, and it did--well past the halfway point when interest only wavered under the burden of sheer repetition. Another surprise: The glimpse into the true musicality of Richards as demonstrated by his extensive knowledge of musical structure, technique, and style, however unorthodox the learning process may have been. And another: That the creation of some of the Stones greatest hits is either glossed over or completely ignored. And yet another that's maybe not such a big surprise: Richards' determination to set the record straight regarding \\"rejuvenating\\" blood exchanges, heroin use, and the relationship with Mick.<br /><br />The \\"civilian\\" facet of the book is plodding at times, just as is most civilian life, but that only adds to the legitimacy--the truth-telling theme of the memoir.<br /><br />James Fox, as co-writer, has done a stellar job of organizing what had to be an absolute glut of material in a way that respects and maintains Richards' voice. A must-read for Stones fans, LIFE deserves a special place on the shelf holding the most definitive documentations of rock 'n' roll as a lifestyle.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Wow!Wow...I've done a lot of workouts, a lot of videos, sports, I live in Rockies so I've done a ton of skiing and snowboarding...  Now, this is a period for me where I'm getting back into working out after a completely pointles and really, inexcuseable hiatus.  I don't know if I'm more out of shape than I thought (I'm 5'9\\" and 125-130lbs so its not that bad a place to be--scrawny yes, overweight no.  But I do understand that thin doesn't equal fit.)  Anyway, this workout kicked my you know what!  Its great, its intense, its a killer and its gotta get some wicked results!  I've not done it long enough to enjoy the spoils of killin myself yet but I'm looking forward to it.  I've always had a tought time creating nice (visible) muscle tone so if this accomplishes that I'll be doubly happy!  p.s.  Its worth noting I'm integrating several Jillian workouts in conjunction to this one.  I started with my old favorite (don't ask why, but its Cindy Crawford's original workout video w/ Radu) and now that I've got Jillian, ol Cindy and Radu just don't cut it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game gets me through lots of down time. Very relaxing after a hard day @ work. 5stars in my book.
B0071T5PN0|5.0|OK.  First off, to clear the air, I totally admit I miss Michael Anthony not being on the bass and not hearing his awesome harmonies....If Amazon have half star ratings, I would have taken a half off for Mike not being on the CD.  Now before telling you how much I LOVE the CD (life long fan, I own everything they have EVER done, including Dave and Sammy's solo efforts), I would like to take time to scrutinize the one start reviews.  Guys, guys, guys...YES, Dave can't quite hit the same high notes anymore....you know why?  People ACTUALLY age!!!  Imagine that?  Not to many people slam Tyler from Aerosmith for not being able to hit the notes he used to, let's take Dream On for example...if anything, their LATER CDs seem to get better ratings.  Two, the bass lines and harmonies don't sound the same because they ARENT!!!  Mike is gone, and we need to get over it....I also miss his style of play and awesome background vocals, but Van Halen if you hadn't noticed kinda does the nepotism thing.  Minus Mike missing, there are songs here that sound like they came right off Van Halen II, Fair Warning and 1984.  To me, the weakest link on the CD was the single, tattoo, which I actually did hate, I just didn't love it.  The mix all you one start peeps are complaining about?  Not the best I have ever heard, but one star?  Have we also been considering all the other \\"rock\\" cds that have been released lately?  The only stuff out there that has captivated me lately in the \\"old school\\" rock department is Black County Communion, and naturally, Chicken Foot.  :)  Anyways, lighten up with the one star reviews and deal with the departure of MA and also consider the competition lately.....you are all entitled to your opinions, as I am entitled to mine.  Just give another listen maybe and you will see where I am coming from.  4.5 stars from me!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Awesome fun app. Really addictive. Recommend to anybody with a higher end phone or tablet. Rotating can be a bit tricky til you get the hang of it. DHC
B000K7VHQE|5.0|The movie was great; I had to watch it in order to write a paper on it for school and so I have viewed it about 6-7 times.  The movie was in wonderful condition and I received it quickly.  Thanks so much!!!!
0425221806|5.0|This is one of my favorite Koontz novels and I've read about 25. It's classic Dean Koontz. Erie, suspenseful and not too weird. Almost could happen in real life.....but not quite. I highly recommend this enjoyable tale.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this game was easy to download and very easy to play. the instructions are well written and easily understood. it is a fun game.
B006PHD0RW|4.0|This was a free app for my Kindle fire.  It could be as addicting as angry birds!!!!  Simple to do and a fun game
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|I have this app and I must say, best app ever made! There are some artist tools missing but is still the best. I haven't gotten a new drawing app for a while now because.  If you only use your fingers than it is best for simple creations and fun tor the kids. I have drawn many &quot;Magic Bannanas&quot; in my time with this app for my little brother. Defiantly recamend this app.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|entertaining but some games are difficult to complete because the touch screen isn't accurate enough for some games. overall its worth playing, especially for free. quite a lot of ads.
B002YMWPUA|1.0|I think that would have liked this film, but the language was not understandable.  Tried to get through it but couldn't understand anything.  I sent it back to Amazon, and they were good enough to send me another. However, the one they sent me was one that I got from Europe - that one was for a different region and my dve wouldn't play it.  That one was sent back, and that is the same oned that they replaced with the one above.  So it was useless.  Ended up dnot seeing the film.  Didn't want to return the film for and second time.  So, that't how it ended, sorry to say.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|The progression of these films, and the Harry Potter story, is fascinating as the directors change and the actors age. Best gift available for a Harry Potter fan, updating the movies to BlueRay definitely worthwhile!
1594744769|4.0|Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children was peculiar... to say the least.<br /><br />Young Jacob knows there is some truth to his grandfather's tales of growing up in an orphanage where children with certain abilities could grow up safe from harm - when on the day of his grandfather's murder Jacob sees a monster standing over his grandfather's lifeless body.  Could the stories of these children with certain pecularities be real?  Jacob never thought so.  He was always thrilled to hear his grandfather's tales but never thought they were anything other than stories told with plenty of exageration and enough flare to peek the interest of a child. Obviously no one believes, his version of his grandfather's death but with the help of his therapist, he is able to convince his parents that a trip to the island that housed his grandfather's orphanage, the infamous Miss Peregrine and children with super powers might be the only way to preserve his sanity.<br /><br />Jacob was a wonderful protagonist.  He was such an insightful and depth-full young man.  The mystery surrounding his grandfather's death, the orphanage and its inhabitants really made for a fascinating, odd, and sometimes creepy story.  My only concern was that Jacob had the voice of an adult and not so much that of a teenager.  I also felt that the author was a bit wordy in his descriptions.<br /><br />But I must confess, my favorite part of all were the creepy, vintage photographs scattered throughout the story.<br /><br />From what I read, these are authentic and unaltered photographs that blend seamlessly with the narrative to create an exciting and refreshingly unique fantasy.<br /><br />All in all, I was captivated by the first chapters of this story.  It had a very strong start, a not-so-great middle, and then the storyline grabs hold of you and spits you out at the end looking forward to more.  So beware the slow start, but try to persevere, as I promise the climax will be an explosive one.  Eerily fantastic!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I like the game. some of the games are hard. and some are easy but overall its a great and entertaining game.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have been playing solitaire for 50 years and this game is the classic!  there is a reason it used to be called &quot;patience&quot;.
B0002TJGQS|5.0|Actually, the only thing I can say is that RS sells these for an insane $ amount compared to these.<br /><br />I have installed one of these batteries in my garage door opener and it works fine.<br /><br />Got the batteries extremely fast; maybe less than 3 or 4 days.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|Good app to have when you have 5 minutes to kill or an hour to kill. Each game is easy to learn.
B0020BUWX2|5.0|If I Stay is one of those books that grabs you on page one, on the first sentences and keeps you hooked the whole way through. (Everyone thinks it was because of the snow. And in a way, I suppose that's true.) Even better? It's a relatively short book - my copy is 234 pages - but it's a little book with a big punch.<br /><br />We have Mia, a seventeen year old girl who loves her parents, who loves her brother and who loves spending time with them. She's just auditioned for Julliard, she has a hot boyfriend who is an up-and-coming band and a fabulous best friend. Everything is going her way. And it all changes in a matter of seconds, in one moment it's all taken from her. And she's left with the option - does she stay? Or does she go.<br /><br />I started this book at 9:30, I took an hour break to watch a guilty pleasure on tv (No, I will not admit what that was - but it was Wednesday night at 10pm.) I finished the book right about midnight - I could not put it down. Although I have a small confession - I didn't cry like a baby. I teared up once early on, but that was it. (I think I need to check and see if I can still cry? *lol* QUICK! Someone bring me a copy of P.S. I Love you!)<br /><br />If I Stay is one of those books that has a huge impact on you, it makes you want to go hug everyone. (I called my Dad immediately upon finishing - yes, at 12:05am!) It makes you want to curl up with your kid/husband/boyfriend/cat/whatever and just let them know that you love them.<br /><br />One thing that I really loved? (Aside from Mia's relationship with her family, her boyfriend and her best friend?? Which - let me tell you! I loved all of those things.) I loved that I felt for Mia. I really felt for her. And Gayle Forman wrote this book so perfectly, that I found myself wondering - would I stay? Given all that Mia went through, what would I choose? (Yes, I ultimately would stay - I hope. But you can't help but wonder, especially at her age.)<br /><br />In the end? I loved this book. I devoured it, I adore it. And I will most definitely recommend it to just about anyone! (Although, I may not follow the blurb on the front of the paperback - which confuses the heck otu of me! Yes, I am a fan of Twilight. Yes, this book appealed to me. But in no way are those two emotions connected.)t definitely recommend it to just about anyone! (Although, I may not follow the blurb on the front of the paperback - which confuses the heck otu of me! Yes, I am a fan of Twilight. Yes, this book appealed to me. But in no way are those two emotions connected.)
B004O3YGMC|5.0|works great for when i have to take a poop, but dont want to quit working. I am a fan.
B002H3F7F6|5.0|Wow. I just finished listening to this album, and had to start it again. I've been a fan of Sting's work for a long time, and also enjoy classical, renaissance, and medieval song. I would never have imagined this thematic fusion of genres could work as well as it does, but it does. Sting gives new life to ancient songs, and brings a touch of the ancient to the new. It all works together, and alternately warms with inspiration and chills to the core.
B0050AV5MW|5.0|A great fantasy story that takes you to another world without it being too strange and 'out there'.  Medieval times with a bit of myth and legends come to life story. Hard to put down. Some unexpected twists keep you wanting to read more.
B006G2ZEV6|5.0|This game is one of the best on market because of both its gameplay and its graphics. There isn't anything more I would ask for with this game.
0812992792|5.0|Jun Do  is the Orphan Master's Son, growing up without an identity with a martyr's name.  He is trained as a tunnel soldier, experiences life as a kidnapper and hero.  The central figure in this astounding book represents a everyman citizen of the shadowy totalitarian state of North Korea.  I was prepared by the reactions of others that this would be a page turner, but had no idea just how compelling a read it would turn out to be.  Identities are discarded and assumed with no attempt at connection to the truth.  The structure when deciphered makes perfect sense, even if odd juxtapositioning of times and events seems arbitrary.  As Jun Do's story unfolds, the timeline shifts, narrators take turns.  Several chapters are narrated in agitprop by omnipresent loud speakers.  `In this book Adam Johnson demonstrates how it is possible for entire populations accept live in unspeakable conditions seemingly willingly and without question. Wielding incessant control the government hammers home the benign character of the North Korean society, claiming that capitalism forces its citizens to live lives of horror and deprivation.  There are sections that are difficult to process, but they are necessary to the story's advancement and to put in for shock value.  Highly recommended.
B0071XO8RA|5.0|This book took hold of me and wouldn't let go. I finished the whole 5 part series in under a week. The characters are all very real and fascinating while the writing is 1st class. I'm immediately going to purchase the rest of his works. Thank you and keep writing!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|well I don't exactly love the game but it is fun! I only am wrighting this because if you give it five stars u get 250,000 coins but it is really fun
0439023491|5.0|BEWARE: THIS TRILOGY IS HIGHLY ADDICTIVE, you may walk into on coming traffic and/or a wall when reading and walking! two words READ IT!
B0010SKUYM|5.0|As far as I'm concerned, there are three mystical places in the world:  the desert outside Santa Fe; the tree of life in the Arab emirates of Bahrain; and the restaurant at Sunset and Crescent, because that's where I first met her and touched her. ~ Steve Martin, L.A. Story  It's a funny quote for a book review such as this, but for me it's oddly appropriate.  I was living in Los Angeles at the time that I discovered The Name of the Wind.  I picked it up off of a table at the Borders on Sunset and Vine.  The thing is, I had never read a fantasy novel before.  I was convinced that I didn't like big long fantasy novels (though I do love big long other types of books).  Yet for reasons still not entirely clear to myself, I bought it without reading a single page (another rarity).  Then it sat on my bookshelf for over a year until I moved back to Chicago.  Then one cold and windy night I picked it up for no particular reason, intent on reading a few pages so that at the very least I could declare my purchase a waste and justify putting it in the donation box.  Obviously that never happened.  I TORE through this book.  (Okay, actually by then I had a Kindle so after getting hooked in about three chapters I bought the eBook and tore through that).  I devoured it, loving it more than anything I had read in at least a year.  I dreaded the ending because I knew that in addition to being the first in a series, this was a book that would leave a hole in me, the kind of emptiness that comes when you know that no matter what you read next, you're not going to enjoy it as much as what you're reading now-- and that even if you reread what you're currently reading, you'll never fully experience the joy of discover that comes with the first time through.  Hyperbole aside, it really is that good.  Pat Rothfuss is my new hero, but he's also a bastard because his writing is elegant and effortless and so damn good that casts a shadow over my own writing because I know I'll never be thisgood.  I strongly recommend buying at least one additional copy, preferably a few, to distribute to friends after you start reading.  That way you won't have to wait as long for them to finish so you have someone to talk to about it.  But enough gushing from me.  Order this now and enjoy your first read of one of your new favorite books, you lucky bastard.  I'm jealous just thinking about it.
B002UM5BXW|2.0|After reading Bourdain's \\"Memoir\\" I can't even force myself to watch No Reservations anymore, and I used to enjoy the show. I always knew he was full of himself and that was half the fun of watching him on the telly. But reading this left a bad taste in my mouth (pun intended). The book is disjointed and you can only read so many hijinx before they all start sounding the same. Oh yeah, they are all pretty much the same.  Face it Tony, you go around eating everyone elses food and enjoying different cultures at the expense of cable TV but you're a has-been, wantta-be in this day and age of true \\"Top Chef Masters.\\" Maybe once he is asked to join those elite, he'd regain my respect. But I don't see that happening.
0345457692|3.0|Summary:  In the the 26th century, the human race has expanded beyond planet Earth.  We are now populating planets all over the universe, and the U.N. has become the governing body for law enforcement and conflict resolution.  As part of this program, they developed a group of enforcers, known as envoys, who are programmed for violence and war.  Takeshi Kovaks is a former U.N. envoy.  As such, he was trained to kill ruthlessly and without hesitation.  The most notable scientific advancement in this new world is the development of a program that allows people to download their minds and souls into a device called a cortical stack.  This stack can be stored indefinitely and then implanted in any available human or synthetic body (or sleeve.)  This process allows people to live forever, as long as they continue to download themselves into new sleeves when needed.  However, the process if very expensive, so it is really only the wealthy who can afford this process multiple times.  After being killed on his home planet of Harlan's Way, Kovaks' stack is placed in storage to serve a criminal sentence.  Surprisingly, he finds himself released early and implanted in a male body on Old Earth - a planet he has never visited before.  He has been brought to this planet by a wealthy man who needs his help to solve his own murder.  The task seems simple enough - prove that the man did not commit suicide.  But Kovaks is only on the planet for a few hours before someone is already holding a gun to his head, and he soon discovers that the layers of evil run very deep on this planet.  His nature won't allow him to quit his assignment, but he could lose his last life in the process.  Review:  I really liked the structure of this new futuristic world.  The concept of the stacks was intriguing.  I especially liked how the author described what happens to people when they have lived hundreds of years.  Their humanity, in many ways, is lost over time.  They may stick to their customs and activities, but they can no longer feel a connection or identify with people who are living their first lives.  The result is an enormous separation between the upper and lower classes, not only because of money, but because of centuries of time and experience.  I wasn't quite as interested in the mystery as I wish I had been.  As much as I enjoyed Kovaks, I didn't really care for any of the other characters in the book.  They were all morally depraved to some extent, with some being far worse than others.  I kept wishing that Kovaks would just give up this investigation.  Who cares if this filthy old rich man died of suicide or murder?  He had a new body waiting for him and came right back to life.  A good portion of the other characters were either trying to kill Kovaks or manipulate him, so there was no need to stick around for them either.  Although I hate to admit this, I had a challenge keeping all of the characters straight after a while.  With people changing sleeves and coming back to life, I confused a couple of the characters with each other.  Every once in a while, I'd have to backtrack to figure out where a character was originally introduced, and this was definitely a little frustrating.  I am newly experimenting with Science Fiction, so I am by no means an expert in this genre, nor do I have a lot to compare this book to.  For that reason, I'm focusing my review only on the basic elements of the book:  Great world building with many creative features.  The mystery plotline was extremely complicated, but not all that interesting to me due to the unlikable characters involved.  Overall, this was just an OK read for me.
B005K17RU0|2.0|I'm suddenly experiencing very high data use for this app for my UK Galaxy S. I've been using this app for a year without noticing a problem. It's used 9.2MB of 3G, and 10.9MB of WiFi in the last 24hours, I've hardly gone into it, just the widget running same as always.  Uninstalling I think.
B0073LWEXK|3.0|I have a feeling that this game would be pretty fun if I could get the journal to open. I must be doing something wrong because I have downloaded it three times and it wont work. I'm not sure if this is a bug but I'm pretty sure that I wasted a couple of dollars. if anyone can help it would be appreciated.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is one of the best solitaire games that I have come across in the 30+ years that I have been working with computers.  I highly recommend this game.
B003KUSUG8|2.0|In one of his songs he says that people only like his older stuff.  I have liked all of his albums even the first time listening but this one sounds like it's a Backstreet Boys cover.  Or, if you will, \\"I want my money back money back money back.\\"  Maybe he should have taken his Jergens and moved to the nursing home when he said he would.  Or he could buy the house Vanilla Ice is remodeling and get back to his roots.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|Beautiful game with all four seasons in it... once I started playing I wanted to keep playing until I was all done. It got a little tricky at times but in fun ways and if I did get stuck there was helpful hints along the way.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love this game, it keeps me busy for hours when were not doing anything interesting in school. my friends and I play all the time.
B002KQ6BT6|3.0|The Lost Symbol was a decent read, but not nearly as good as The Divinci Code. This book was too long. Could have easily been cut down in length by about 30%. The climax of the story wasn't all the exciting. In this book Robert Langdon wasn't nearly as deep of a character as in The Davinci Code. For how long the book was I would have expected better depth, which there just wasn't much of. Still a decent read though.
B0068DZSTG|5.0|Not going to comment on the music itself, suffice to say the \\"stripped down\\" songs are very pleasing! No Casio keyboards on this album. It's like the best of \\"old\\" and \\"new\\" Leonard. His deep voice gently carries you through well arranged, and decidedly sparse arrangements.  Well, I guess I did comment on the music, 'nuff said.  The sound of Vinyl is pleasing and well-mixed. It doesn't say 180 gram, but the record feels like it.  The bass response is pleasing, and the warmth of vinyl really carries this collection of music nicely.  If you have a good needle, this is definitely an album you want.  Digital Download: A CD is also included in the vinyl album. (Moby did this with \\"Wait For Me\\".)  Easy ripping to iTunes.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|101games is one of the best downloads. available you can play all day and still Have more games to play.  fun to have as many games as there are.
B00479SVBU|4.0|I have used the player using a SD Card and the FM transmitter now for around a month.  It has performed great, with clear sound playing through my radio.  I have had other FM transmitter devices that have worked much worse and one that came close to this one.  I have only one complaint and it is not a real big one, the volume that is generated at the radio is about half the volume you get with the regular radio, so you have to adjust the volume when switching between the two.
B005IY3DP2|5.0|This album is a cross between Empire and West Ryder, but without the latter albums uneveness. The lads experiment enough to be interesting, but not enough to break up the flow of the album and detract from the listening experience. I was surprised by this, in a good way, and am sure like Empire, I will continue to discover more as I listen to it more. They are still obviously mental though, in a rather charming and old school way, and in these days of Pop Idol and the vast army of reality show rejects parading all over the music biz, bands like Kasabian are needed more than ever. Recommended.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|If you want a series about Roman history, one can watch HBO's Rome (a very fine TV show). If you want to see a trashy and outrageously entertaining TV show with nonstop gore and nudity (both male and female) as well as graphic sex, Spartacus (very loosely based on the history of Ancient Rome's slave gladiator turned rebel leader) should be the choice.  Supposedly, TV shows are by necessity tamer than movies, yet I haven't seen any movie as consistently graphic about sex and violence as Spartacus. Suffice to say that almost everybody in the large cast of mostly muscular men and gorgeous women, gets naked in the series at some point. Episode 9 in particular - subtly called \\"Whore\\" - is a highlight in that regard.  A bit slow to start (I struggled with episode 1, but get hooked after episode 2), this admittedly not for all tastes series, was filmed in New Zealand with a mostly Australian and Kiwi cast. Its striking visual style can be compared with 300 (the gladiator's trainer, the great Peter Mensah, had a small role in that movie). The show is finely led in the titular role by Andy Whitfield (unfortunately he died of cancer after the first season, and was replaced by another actor in the following season). Yet, even if most of the cast is great, the best performance to me is by John Hannah as the devious Batiatus, the owner of the Gladiator's school. Hannah, whose background has been mostly on British comedies, excels here. While he initially seems to lack the toughness one supposes a master of a gladiator's school should have, he is eventually seen as a charming yet also very cruel and cunning man. Also remarkable are the performances of Manu Bennett as the knucklehead (but eventually noble) gladiator Crixus, Viva Bianca as the gorgeous but scheming Ilythia, and Nick Tarabay as Batiatus slimy aide, Ashur.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|The final book will really knock you out and ruin the whole series. I've finished the two books about three days ago and I'm a fan of this mockingbird thing until I read this finale. Long and dull battle things, forever narrations without taking too much actions. You don't feel much emotions behind this finale but boredom and plainness.
0525478817|5.0|For me the book was a powerful, moving wake up call. There is something so real, so raw and powerful, so moving in this book.  In the end what matters, is the experience of reading a book, and reading this one was special and moving in many significant ways. If you want a wake up call, if you want a look at reality - read this book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is very cool I love it my favorite game is the bird bomber its the best you should make updates for this game for new and more new games
B004LV2868|1.0|I ordered this from an Amazon seller, and despite all of the reviews on this page referencing a DVD, it turns out it's only a CD with no DVD content whatsoever.<br /><br />I would never spend so much on a single CD intentionally, but I'm going to keep it because of the expense of sending it back.<br /><br />What a disappointment! Buyer beware!
B000002VRZ|5.0|purchased this after hearing green grass and high tides on the radio i had forgotten how good they were brings back old memories of green grass and high tides.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This Game Is So Super Fun And Additing I LoVe it You Should Get it You Would Be Ashamed Not To! !!!!!!!!!!!!!
0152465073|5.0|This is a great book for all ages. Definately get a copy. People say that the new translation is crappy compared to this old edition, so i'd recommend to get a copy of this one.
0061969656|5.0|did not get a refund or the book. There should be links to refunds for this type of problem.  ..............
B000002VCQ|5.0|Whitney Houston\\" released her very first studio album, aptly titled \\"Whitney Houston\\", in February, 1985. The album was an immediate hit spending 14 weeks at #1 on the Billboard Pop Charts and spanning three consequetive #1 songs: \\"Saving All MY Love\\", \\"How Will I Know?\\" and \\"The Greatest Love of All\\". \\"Saving All MY Love\\" would garner Whitney her first Grammy for Best Pop Vocal Performace. This record was a sure sign of things to come in Whitney's remarkable career as it showed not only American audiences what kind of voice she had, but the talent behind the voice. Indeed, a superstar was in the making.<br /><br /> Another song from this record, my favorite, is \\"All At Once\\", one of Whitney's most beautiful power ballads that should have been released as a single. This song would define Whitney as a ballad singer and thankfully more and more of the songs she released were in this mold.<br /><br /> Other greats include her duet with Jermaine Jackson called \\"Nobody Loves Me Like You Do\\", \\"You Give Good Love\\" (the album's first single) and \\"Hold Me\\" her duet with Teddy Pendergrass.<br /><br /> In 2010 \\"Whitney Houston\\" was rereleased for its 25th Anniversary with 5 bonus tracks and a DVD.<br /><br /> The album went 13X Platinum in the United States alone and has sold over 25 million copies worldwide.
B0073LWEXK|5.0|SUPPER CALA FRAGALISTIC ESPE ALLA DOSHOSAS this game is fun it is not like temple run. but is a awesome game if you are adventures. you will like it
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it was pretty good game. try this app you will have fun but when you play for time it became boring
B0054JZC6E|4.0|hours of fun for me and my family. we have not played everything yet but are looking forward to seeing what next level brings.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|I ordered this as a present as a last minute Christmas gift for my son and was overjoyed to see that it arrived in time. Thank you so much.
B006TUUN1G|5.0|I am not disappointed at all.  Metallica works well with Rick Rubin.  These recordings are excellent.  I love listening.  It's just a great continuance of the Death Magnetic work.  I hear parts that certainly have a 'classic' Metallica vibe.  These guys are still as cool as they ever were.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|This is a great book about the struggle and ability to overcome abduction in its worst form.  The story is told from a 5 year old's view point which is difficult to understand at first because of their limited vocabulary and understanding of the world but then you realize without it being told in that manner the book wouldn't have been that intriguing.  Its a story that leaves you wondering for the first half how they got abducted, who is the abductor, etc. I could barely put the middle part down without hearing the details of \\"The Great Escape\\" and found myself sobbing and cheering for their success.  I found this book very enlightening and interesting to read and definitely recommend it to others!    Check out my other book reviews:  [...]
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Really great game. My 6 year old loves it and I cant stop playing it. It is quite addictive. I stumbled upon it by chance when I dwnlded free app of the day.
B0058VW36U|5.0|it is one of my favorite apps. but it was a little hard to download this app but it is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun
B005HSL626|5.0|so what its ads play on ur xbox then smh!!! this game is totally awesome on my kindle no crashing just slicing! !!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this. Bible app is a great tool for all. people that want to learn God's word keep on improving this app and give h's more bibleversions that we can Download a.read
B001AW156U|5.0|I absolutely love this item. I have not had experience with other attachments of this kind, so I can't compare myself, but having had this product now for over a year, I can say that I prefer to have any PS3 controller I play on to have these. The triggers on the PS3 as is have only maybe once have given me issue as far as having my index finger slipping off the front, but they were never an issue to begin with. So when I got these triggers, I fell in love simply because it enhanced something that I was already perfectly fine with. Your fingers can easily rest on the triggers and feel comfortable without the worry of actually pressing the button. The triggers snap on (the back of them hooks on the bottom of the PS3's trigger and then you push the top of the attachment toward the controller until it snaps on) and feel secure, all the while not feeling cheap and feeling almost as if they are supposed to be there. It is a nice product and you never have to worry about them falling off in the middle of gameplay as they hold on tight and don't let go.  And personally to me, they just make the controller look better. I use these with FPS Freeks and both of them combined make the controller fell bigger, better, and look cooler than the standard controller, as it is.
B004SIIBGU|5.0|This is an excellent app.  It's a great way to keep track of your bids.  I probably in pay for this app.  If you use ebay you should get it.
1593083564|5.0|I am a big fan of Jane Austen, this was her only book I haven't read so I went ahead and got it, I had read that it's different from her other works so I was skeptical. It was different in that the heroine wasn't the animated, lively, spirited girl like in Pride and Prejudice, Sense and Sensibility, and Emma. There is a character who is like that but who lacks integrity, thus sealing her character as no good. But though this book was different I think it was my favorite of hers. It seemed to have more developed characters, with more realistic personalities. I couldn't put it down. If you like Austen, invest in this read as well, you won't be disappointed.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I've always enjoyed this game on my home Pc whenever I didn't have anything else to do and now I can enjoy it while I am waiting in a waiting room.
B005G4TJUC|4.0|The dvd i recieved was on time and played very well, i like the franchise and im glad i added it to my lib.
B0062NAVXA|5.0|This movie is aweinspired, real-life, daily life. We all have trials and temptations, good days and bad days. The movie is awesome!
B006YXTRHY|4.0|I haven't read the books so I guess I have a different perspective than most fans of the series. I saw the first three movies which I borrowed from my local library and really enjoyed them so I decided to fork over the rental fee so as not to have to wait in the library queue for this one.<br /><br />The synopsis and many other reviews here do a great job of explaining the plot in detail so I won't repeat what's already been said and said well by others. I'll just add a little perspective on this movie from someone that is fairly unfamiliar with the story on the whole -<br /><br />This movie had a very different pace than the others; it moves along a little more slowly to let parts of the story develop that I'm sure will be critical to the final installment. I liked the wedding scene where Bella clings on to her dad's arm for dear life until she locks eyes with Edward. That and her teetering on the high heels, asking can't she just go barefoot. The other movies seem to be built more around the ensemble but his movie definitely takes a deeper look at Bella's character, reminding us that this is actually *her* story - she narrates it from the beginning of each movie which is something as a Twilight novice I'd almost forgotten.<br /><br />It will be interesting for me to see how this all plays out. This installment definitely has me looking forward to Part II
B0073PZIYI|5.0|great sci fi flick, good acting. action packed. hot chicks. what more could you ask for? not much id say. I also dicovered some pop stars can act. :)
B004FOA84A|1.0|I am stuck I cant find the fuse I cant do anything. I hate it very much it SUCKS!!! don't buy it now I wish that I had not
B0055SWM08|5.0|this is such a wonderful game.  I can play for quite a while before I realize it.  good purchase.  you will like it.
B005LY4B0A|1.0|was a good game now never upgraded. waste of money as Android market has more updated version. this is sad
B004V5QWU2|4.0|I love that you can set a time for this app to turn off. however it would be awesome if you could set a time for it to turn on as well. I struggle with increasing traffic noise in the mornings so I would nice to set it to come on around 6am without it being on all night.
B005HSL626|3.0|after I used ut I almost got 2 the last knife and it just quit on me and now I cant use it but it was fun while I had it
B006UG90RM|5.0|Classic Van Halen reripped!!!!.....these guys have never sounded better.......the hell with the rumours of Eddie's substance abuse problems, this guy plays on this album like it all might end tomorrow!....Dave is great as usual, Alex of course and and Wolf has found a place within this band.   Extremely impressive \\"comeback\\" album, every song's a hoot.....great to hear them playing so hard too, what a kick in the ass!!!!!!!!!
1580084621|5.0|I absolutely love this book, my sole regret is that I didn't buy it sooner. If catchphrases like '30 minute meals' and 'semi-homemade' appeal to you, then this book will not. If you are like me, and enjoy hunting down/discovering/growing unfamiliar ingredients, are a relatively experienced cook, and don't mind planning ahead and spending a few hours on a meal, then you will cherish this book as much as I do.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|fun mini games.  unlock cost a bit high or rewards too low.  as is, it would require to much play time to accumulate those cost.
B0071DJZZA|5.0|If you haven't read The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins yet, buy it! Devour it! Enjoy it!<br /><br />Enough said!!<br /><br />Thank you for writing this fantastic book!
B0068RGVMK|4.0|It sounds like what you might hear from a movie soundtrack, initially. I am now listening to it for the 4th time and am starting to enjoy most songs. Nonetheless, I can't decide if this is the music of a movie of if there will be a movie of the music. When the movie comes out I hope to find it's both.
B004TSXUWY|4.0|Before I go to sleep was an amazing and surprising read. At the beginning I only downloaded a sample on my phone and while buying it I expected a completely different book-slow and overflowing with drama. Instead I could not stop reading! I was reading it while working night shift and it definitely kept me awake!
B005LFA1DK|4.0|The year is 2030, and you are listening to you father tell you the story of how he met your mother. Over a span of seven seasons with an average of 22 episodes a season, your father retells stories of sitting around the bar with his best friends, describes his various relationships with what seems like hundreds of girls who rarely stick around for long. As soon as you think he's finally at the end of his story, it turns out it's just \\"some girl\\" and not the conclusion of the TV series. But viewers are content with that. The longer it takes Josh Radnor to find his character's wife in How I Met Your Mother, the more television fans get to watch.  What began as a show loosely based off of the producers' experiences in New York City (Carter Bays and Craig Thomas originally wanted to write a sitcom about \\"our friends and the stupid stuff we did in New York\\") quickly became a successful show receiving high ratings and winning five Emmy awards and a nomination for \\"Outstanding Comedy Series\\" in 2009. Along with quite a few other awards and nominations, CBS' How I Met Your Mother was rated the top fifth TV series of the last decade (2002-2012).  The show stars Radnor, as Ted Mosby, and his four best friends Marshall Eriksen (Jason Segel), Marshall's wife, Lily Aldrin (Alyson Hannigan), Robin Scherbatsky (Cobie Smulders), and Barney Stinson (Neil Patrick Harris). Other friends come and go through the seasons but none stay as long as those listed above. Even those characters disappear from time to time, but (SPOILER ALERT!) they always find a way to make it back to MacLaren's, the bar where much of the show is set. As the relationships between the main cast members develop, fans can see the strength of the actors who play them.  The diversity of the characters portrayed in the show allows people with varying views on relationships have an interest. Ted, on one hand, has been looking for his soul mate ever since he realized his two best friends found theirs (with each other),Marshall and Lily found true love while dating for ten years, and Robin, while not against dating, is fully convinced she will never get married or have children. Barney is the man-whore of the group. By making up far-fetched stories about his life, he manages to sleep with a new woman each night. Together, the group collaborates to create a nice blend of different views.  Each character has a strong hold on the group dynamic; without him or her, the group could easily fall apart. This is mostly thanks to the strength of the actors themselves (and of course to the writers, producers, directors etc.). Each actor is able to portray their character in the most humourous way. While still carrying some essence of serenity and seriousness, Radnor, Segel, Hannigan, Smulders, and Harris work together to make an award winning show, loved throughout the country.  While all of the main cast is best known for this hilarious show, Radnor is also well-known for his work as producer, director, and writer of various other productions. His movie HappyThankYouMorePlease (which he wrote, directed, and starred in) won \\"Audience Award\\" before being nominated for \\"Grand Jury Prize\\" at the 26th Sundance Film Festival in 2010. Within the first five minutes of HappyThankYouMorePlease, Radnor, who sports a scruffy beard, untucked button-up shirt and acts as Sam Wexler, shows similar characteristics to his character on How I Met Your Mother: Stopping mid-stride to gawk at a pretty girl, most likely thinking she's \\"the one.\\" Unfortunately, she probably isn't. Even just having a simple \\"Hello, I'm Sam\\" conversation is awkward, as are many of the encounters between Ted Mosby and other women on the show. Whether a secret or not, both Wexler and Mosby are looking for true love and the beauty that tags along for the ride.  The movie made a mere $0.2 million in the box office and the reviews seem to reflect the total revenue. The plot is choppy and unorganized, jumping between what seem like three somehow related characters, much like Valentine's Day and Love Actually. However, instead of bringing everyone together in the end to connect all the strings, the stories were left severed and the audience confused. Radnor's writing was poor and his ideas weren't portrayed well through the characters, unlike How I Met Your Mother where his acting, while often juvenile and sarcastic, is effective in creating a character worth listening to.  After about half of HappyThankYouMorePlease, I found myself wondering how I was going to get through the remainder of the movie. In comparison to my beloved TV show, this movie was below my standards. I found myself hoping that I wouldn't find that Radnor is type-casted, something that seems to happen all too often in cultural media. I wanted Radnor to show his versatility through HappyThankYouMorePlease and How I Met Your Mother. No such luck. I was stuck with the horny man searching the streets of New York for love. Radnor may complete the five-way friendship in How I Met Your Mother with his hunky cuteness, but his performance in HappyThankYouMorePlease is inadequate and doesn't show the strength I had hoped to find. Even in the soon-to-be-released Liberal Arts (also written and directed by and starring Radnor) is clearly of the same origin. Lonely, scruffy, 30-something year old  man lives life by finding love. In this case, it's in a 19 year old college student.  How I Met Your Mother is an entirely entertaining show about drunken escapades around New York City, and if you're looking for that, great. If you're looking for Radnor's breakthrough, hoping to find him taking on a new and refreshing role, you won't find it. However, if you're satisfied with the \\"mega good-looking,\\" sweet, sentimental dude that every girl hopes to marry, you're set for a night in with some chocolate ice cream and a cozy fire.
B003B5M0PO|5.0|I really enjoyed this book and it was the first I have read that was written from the horse point of view. And the author di an amazing job! Whether you like horses or not, you will like that book!
B005PZ87WI|5.0|Serial killers, rapists, psychopaths, and kidnappers are no match for the FBI's Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU). CBS captivates viewers of Criminal Minds by putting an original spin on the generic police procedural television program. Criminal Minds premiered September of 2005 and is now on its seventh season. The series follows a team of FBI profilers from the Behavioral Analysis Unit (BAU) based in Quantico, Virginia. Criminal Minds differs from other procedural drams by focusing on the criminal versus the crime itself.  Jason Gideon (Mandy Patinkin) and Aaron Hotchner (Thomas Gibson) initially lead the Behavioral Analysis Unit. In the first season the team is composed of Elle Greenaway (Lola Glaudini), Derek Morgan (Shermar Moore), Dr. Spencer Reid (Matthew Gray Gubler), Jennifer \\"JJ\\" Jareau (AJ Cook), and Penelope Garcia (Kirsten Vagsness). During the second season, Greenaway left and was replaced by Emily Prentiss  (Paget Brewster). At the start of the third season, Gideon departs and is later replaces by David Rossi (Joe Mantegna). While the main team sees several personnel changes, their success isn't affected.  Each character brings something original and vital to the BAU team.  The team leaders Hotchner and Rossi bring experience and assertive attitudes to run the team. Aaron \\"Hotch\\" Hotchner, formerly a prosecutor, leads the team with confidence and experience. Hotch struggles to balance the demands of the FBI with his personal life, son Jack and wife Hayley.  David Rossi is a Senior Supervisory Special Agent who worked in the BAU during its early years.  Rossi is a highly experienced special agent that brings the old-school vibe to the group.  Derek Morgan is confident, assertive, and often a hot head.  Morgan was a troubled child during his youth and was molested by his childhood mentor.  Penelope Garcia is the team's technical analyst.  She joined the BAU after bringing attention upon he self by illegally accessing their equipment.  She took the job in lieu of jail.  Morgan and Garcia engage in highly-sexual banter and add humor to the team's strenuous job. Emily Prentiss is the daughter of an Ambassador.  Prentiss is fluent in several languages and has lived all over the world.  Dr. Spencer Reid is the youngest member of the BAU team.  He graduated from high school at age 12 and holds PhDs in Mathematics, Chemistry, and Engineering as wells as Bas in Psychology and Sociology.  He continues to work on a BA in Philosophy.  Reid has an IQ of 187, can read 20,000 words per minute, and has an eidetic memory.  Most of the team is intimidates by his profound knowledge and he is always read to offer some statistic.  Reid's mother suffers from schizophrenia and is currently in a mental institution.  Reid has mild Asperger's Syndrome.  Jennifer \\"JJ\\" Jareau is the maternal figure of the team.  She acts as the Media Liaison for the team and selects the cases for the team to work. As Hotchner once said, \\"No one on the team is replaceable.\\"  The BAU is so successful because of the perfect balance of the team members.  Jeff Davis created the characters to ensure the variety of personality types and life experience.  Each episode begins and concludes with a quote by an influential figure.  The quotes establish a little context for what will be happening and also summarize the episode. From a viewer's standpoint, the quotes not only apply to the episodes but are usually applicable to daily life. This connection between viewer and television help establish a personal viewing experience. By doing this, the audience feels more emotionally connected to the victims and the members of the BAU.  Serial rapists and pedophiles pull on the heart strings of the audience by pinpointing several emotions: empathy, anticipation, and pure fear. Jeff Davis, creator and producer of season one, is in the early stage of his career. Besides creating Criminal Minds, Davis has created, directed, and produced the new MTV show, Teen Wolf, a teen romance about werewolves.  The sappy show is very similar to the hit movie series Twilight: poor writing and even worse acting.  After seeing his work with Criminal Minds, Teen Wolf is a downgrade.   The dark and disturbing content might be a little discomforting for certain audiences.  The graphic content and scenes seem a little over the top but it's scary to think that these ideas had to evolve from something.  Watching an episode of Criminal Minds is both exciting and annoying.  The thrill from watching the BAU kick ass can be over-ridden by the disturbing crimes.  However, this is what keeps viewers coming back for more.  There isn't any criminal the BAU can't take down, so far...
B006R8GK2Q|5.0|Enjoy hidden object games and this one ranks high with me...great story with great scenes. Hope there will be more like it in the near future.
0380973839|2.0|In spite of Bradbury's prose, which is lyrical and incredibly enthusiastic, I really didn't care for most of these tales. The book feels very dated, especially with it's cold-war fears of blase censorship and social propriety. Although the story about blacks in the south going to Mars to escape Jim Crow is interesting from an anthropological point of view. (Apparently a sci-fi writer in the 1950's could more easily conceive of interstellar travel than imagine a civil rights movement). But a lot of these feel like unfinished fragments, and even the ones that stand well on their own get sort of muddled and lost amidst the more outlandish ones. A genuinely sorrowful tale about a family abandoning a war-torn earth for a lonely, red planet just doesn't mesh into the same universe as someone who builds robots to stage an elaborate, Edgar Allen Poe styled revenge fantasy. It's a mixed bag of poignancy and kitsch
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I thought this whole trilogy was so amazing. I read all of the books in around a week because they were just so addicting. I know this will not apply to everyone, but I also liked Harry Potter and Twilight. So if you are interested in either of those series, this might be the book for you!
0812550706|2.0|This book is the ultimate juvenile wish-fulfillment. It's about a ten year old messianic super-genius who plays a computer game that saves mankind from alien destruction. What precocious, dorky twelve year old hasn't wished something like that would happen to them? Unfortunately, I'm more than twice as old as any of the major characters in this book, and even though it's sci-fi, I just can't suspend my disbelief enough to really buy in to any universe where adults are smart enough to manipulate a kid into winning wars for them but not smart enough to win those wars themselves. And I've got to say, the kid himself is pretty bland. From the get go Card leaves little to no doubt that Ender is the inevitable savior of humanity. At no point did I ever doubt that he would, one way or another, steam roll any plot point or conflict that got in his way, whether internal or external. I sort of wish the book had focused more on his kooky, Machiavellian older siblings, who effectively troll the internet into world domination (a brilliant, creepily prescient idea for a book published in 1985, but one which Card treats as little more than a sideshow). I read Ender's Shadow a while back, and now it strikes me as the better book, in large part because it's focused on an actual person (poor little Bean) instead of just a generic chosen-one. Messiah's just aren't as interesting as people who actually have to muck around with being human on a day to day basis
B004EPYZOO|5.0|I received the move as new in the package. As stated in the details of the selling page. I was happy with the price. The price was very reasonable. I was very satisfied. Thank You
0385333846|2.0|I'm a bit embarrassed to admit it, but I've never read this before. The only other Vonnegut I've read is Breakfast of Champions, which struck me as a self-serving pity-fest. Slaughterhouse-Five seems no less bleak, but at least it's bleakness is tempered with a nastily acerbic sense of humor which made me occasionally snort at the wretchedness of life, the universe, and everything. I think I'd have to be a bitchy, nihilistic teenager again to really love it though. And I have to say, this book has an incredibly strong reservoir of bitterness, defeatism and hatred which seems to be hovering just below its surface and which even the satire can't make entirely palatable. I wonder if one reason Kurt Vonnegut is so good at writing about what miserable wretches human beings can be is that maybe he was something of a miserable wretch himself. I get that living through the fire bombing of Dresden would probably fundamentally alter how anyone looked at their fellow man for the worse but man, Vonnegut seems like an incredibly rare, insufferable breed of jerk at times.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a really fun game for the kids and myself.its really addicting when you get started.love it. need more games like this.
1400079276|3.0|Murakami is great at crafting this puzzling little spiritual world. His light touch works marvelously. The various planes of reality here brush up against each other so delicately instead of just trampling through each other. Best of all, he's able to use this whole spirit aspect to enhance the human characters, to show the small tragedies and sense of incompleteness which animate so much of what they do, instead of just having them trumped by it. Personally, I think I prefer Murakami's kooky urban spirits ala After Dark to the more woodsy incarnations here. But if you've ever walked through a forest somewhere and been entranced by the sound of the wind whipping through the leaves, well, this book evokes that same feeling.
B005R4255C|1.0|This was the absolute worst album of his I have ever heard.  It was so bad, I don't even think there was even one single song that was any good.  What a waste of money.  I'm just sick.
0743297334|3.0|I thought the first 100 or so pages of this was incredibly tedious and flat, but it really opened up for me when they got to Spain. The descriptions of the severe, castillian country side are really lovely, and I could almost see Jake and co., hiking through the land, sipping wine, and just enjoying their drunken, gnomic conversations as they stumble and collide through their little expatriate lives. I don't really like Hemmingway or the way he writes, but I found this enjoyable. Not earth shattering, not revelatory, just enjoyable. I'd still rather work through a baroque 19th century novel, or some fractured, schizophrenic postmodern nightmare than sit down and read a chapter of his prose. If that makes me a snob, so be it.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have been using the YouVersion bible app on my Android tablet for about 18 months. I also access it via Android phone &amp; PC. I have a daily reading plan (there are many available), as well as numerous notes &amp; bookmarks. There are many translations available, so it is easy to find one you are comfortable with. The user interface is easy &amp; well designed. Many customized options for font, size &amp; display are also available. I will be using this app for daily reading &amp; study for the foreseeable future!
B003TJR2HS|5.0|We love this adapter. Husband has an Otter-box on his Iphone. Couldn't use speakers or such without taking off Otter-box. Stretches out every time you have to take it off. This product solved that problem. Have passed the word on to others that have the same problem.
0307454541|4.0|\\"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\\" started out realllllllly slow for the first 100 pages but it steadily got better and better. It was intensely graphic in the descriptions of rape and violence but I didn't find them distasteful or unnecessary. I learned after reading the book that the author had actually witnessed a girl being raped when he was 13, and I found that personal connection made the story all the better. Personally, I thought the book was better than the movie, although they followed the book fairly closely. Overall, a great read!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Your game is so fun and so fun I love. 101+20 is awesome Iplay it when I get home from school.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Omg i bought this thinking its gonna suck but i stay up til midnight every night because of it! Well done.
B005J4VV28|5.0|I received my copy of THE BEATLES CARTOONS, Vol 1 the other day. The packaging was very good. I wasn't sure what to expect. I was very happy with this collection. It is stated that there are \\"some imperfections\\". I found those to be very minor. The overall quality was very good. I was glad I bought this collection as it is a bit of cartoon history for us that grew up watching these cartoons when we were growing up. I hope the quality for the other volumes are just as good. I recommend this collection to other Beatles fans.
B005T87QCI|5.0|I love this game well i love it people u need to play this game .I really hope most of u get this game because it is beast
B0000C9ZBW|1.0|Was not happy that the face cracked one week after wearing it.  I don't recommend buying it.  Almost wonder if this was a fake!
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This app is great. The Bible every where I go.... what could be better?!  God bless the creators of this app.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game is a great way to unwind. It's challenging enough to keep my interest, but not so difficult that I get frustrated and give up. Nice design-very intuitive. I like it.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is perfect. It does everything you think and do much more. In addition to that it's free. I love the different versions and the plans.
B0064TVQ5E|2.0|please fix the frequent crashing.  otherwise I liked the music and the auto shuffle feature.  I am a partial fan - will be a great fan if it stays operational!
0062082353|5.0|This is the guy that young people interested in the military should aspire to be.  Down to earth.  True patriot.  Pure bad-ass.  Best Seal book yet.
0131177052|4.0|This is a great book.  It is the book Kent Beck should have written.  I've taken away many great techniques for breaking dependencies and getting code under test. Thanks Michael Feathers!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Most useful app I have!  It is on all of my Android devices.  My wife uses it on her 'droid devices also. Very helpful in my daily walk. Sincere thanks to the developers.
B004UNX1LS|5.0|I love this on my kindle fire because I hate that youtube mobile doesn't support VEVO but this app...I love it!
B002WIDRM6|5.0|Are you like me? If you are, you can't stand the sound of Garth Brooks or Keith Urban (sorry, boys). But that doesn't matter here- you'll love Lady Antebellum. They have the country sound that truly defines the genre and makes it worthwhile. I can hear the instrumentation, songwriting, and talent when I hear this album and it has great replay value. Check it out! You won't need to worry about twang overload.
0553801473|4.0|Feast of Crows was a painful experience. That book was a boring trip to a sea of hopeless words. Many fans buried the history and give up to read the other boos. Hopeless? I started to read A Dance with Dragons and didn't stop til the end. This is a great book! Forget Feast of Crows and give a chance to this book, almost better than Storm of Swords and Clash of Kings. The bad thing will be waiting for the next book Winds of Winter that maybe will be in stores only in 2015/2016.
B0063GORYU|4.0|great classic spider game. easy to use and no observed bugs. the interface is user friendly. good for hours of enjoyment for any card game lover.
B006FTC6ZC|5.0|Watched this with my hubby and 16 yo son on Super Bowl Sunday. WAAAYYY better than the game... Not for the squeamish, though. Lots and lots of blood flying everywhere. We all flinched several times - but the heroes are so sweet that they make an interesting counterpoint to the grossness. The trailer gives you a good idea of what to expect, but doesn't spoil the charming plot twists that make this much better than almost any horror spoof movie you've ever seen. Highly recommend for anyone with a dark sense of humor who really wants to laugh out loud!
0316056863|3.0|The book is great and there are parts in the book that made me laugh out loud. The book is hilarious although there are parts in the book that got boring and the the reason why I gave it 3 stars.  Some of the things that she writes about - is her experience working at SNL which is great to shuffling between motherhood and work to keeping your skin flawless (which was pretty boring).  I like Tina Fey a whole lot more after reading her book!
B005HSG3VK|3.0|The folio cover is okay. Not really what I expected but it will work for now until I find what I want. It does not stand up properly so I just don't use that feature.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Easy to learn, easy to play, but challenging enough to be addictive because of the different goals you have to try to meet. Works great on my Fire! Love it!
B004J1DBJI|4.0|I love the alpha web site. This app just makes it easier to use the site on my Kindle Fire by giving me a keyboard that works much better with Alpha then does the Kindle keyboard.
0765365278|5.0|The Way of Kings is the first book in a projected ten-part epic fantasy series (The Stormlight Archive) by Brandon Sanderson. After reading other Sanderson books (the Mistborn series, Wheel of Time), I was almost certain that I would fall in love with this book, and so I didn't really want to start it, because I liked being able to look forward to reading it. Unfortunately, that plan didn't work, and now I have to wait a year or more for the next book to be released.  So yeah, I thought The Way of Kings was a fantastic book. I'm always at a loss to describe what I like about good books because I get so immersed in the world and characters that it's hard to pick out things as being outstanding. The world was richly drawn, with detailed mythologies, history, countries, peoples, etc. The main characters were all fascinating, three-dimensional people with compelling stories. I liked the description of the Vorin society - it's interesting that women have their own specialties and talents, as opposed to a lot of traditional fantasy. After reading Mistborn, with its clear descriptions of the (really cool) magic systems, I expected something similar, but magic is very much shrouded in mystery, and that's pretty well portrayed. I love the amount of scholarship depicted in this book.  I found that the middle dragged a tiny bit as Kaladin sorted out his emotions and accepted being a leader, but I think that's a curse of first books in series' - the hero has to go on a believable journey. It also seemed like a whole bunch of plot twists came at the very end; I would have appreciated it if there were a couple of those to liven up the middle of the book. However, it did succeed in making me really impatient for the next installment of the story.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|The only player I use for the gym,at home, etc. I can access my music library from anywhere. HTC sensation.
B000RK3JOC|5.0|in a sentence or so: Colin is a recent high school graduate, former child prodigy, and freshly dumped by his 19th Katherine.  there was never a better time for a road trip with his best friend to try and work on the theory of relationships, to get over his latest Katherine, and move on.<br /><br />being a prodigy has led to certain quirks in Colin.  for one, he loves creating anagrams out of words.  he reads constantly, deals with a good bit of social awkwardness, and is desperately wanting his very own 'eureka' moment.  when he is dumped by the 19th Katherine he's dated (he only dates Katherine's, actually), the opportunity for his eureka moment arrives - The Theorem of Underlying Katherine Predictability. the theorem will predict the future of any relationship, including who is the dumper and the dumpee.<br /><br />deciding a road trip is the best way to recover from a bad breakup, and a way to avoid registering for college classes, Colin's best friend Hassan gets them on the road.  along their path they discover a small town named Gutshot which promises the grave of Archduke Ferdinand (which seems odd, considering it's in Tennessee).  while the grave is kind of a bust, they do meet Lindsey Lee Wells and become quickly absorbed in the Gutshot way of life. settling down sooner than they expected, Hassan and Colin are in the process of exploring the unknown, and discovering who they are and what they want from life.<br /><br />i absolutely adored Looking for Alaska, and i had super high hopes for my second John Green novel. i was not let down.  i really dig having a male main character as the person to relate to in the plot, and the humor and wit in the teenage dialog was both fun and genuine.<br /><br />i appreciated journeying with Colin through his heartbreak, his history with the Katherines, and slowly uncovering who he is and what he wants.  it was an intimate, and always hilarious, novel of self discovery and friendship. this is a read that comes off as light, but is deceivingly thoughtful and creative. it had the feel of meeting a new friend who recalls their crazy summer to you - personal, conversational, hilarious, and meaningful.<br /><br />fave quote: \\"The act of leaning in to kiss someone, or asking to kiss them, is fraught with the possibility of rejection, so the person least likely to get rejected should do the leaning or the asking.  And that person, at least in high-school heterosexual relationships, is definitely the girl.  Think about it: boys, basically, want to kiss girls. Guys want to make out. Always. Hassan aside, there's rarely a time when a boy is thinking, 'Eh, I think I'd rather not kiss a girl today.' Maybe if a guy is actually, literally on fire, he won't be thinking about hooking up. But that's about it.  Whereas girls are very fickle about the business of kissing. Sometimes they want to make out; sometimes they don't. They're an impenetrable fortress of unknowability, really.\\" (76)<br /><br />fix er up: the theorem, while super cool, resolved itself in a very odd way.  and i don't mean plotwise, i mean that the theorem's actual (avoiding spoilers here) resolution was unsatisfactory for me.ive. it had the feel of meeting a new friend who recalls their crazy summer to you - personal, conversational, hilarious, and meaningful.  fave quote: \\"The act of leaning in to kiss someone, or asking to kiss them, is fraught with the possibility of rejection, so the person least likely to get rejected should do the leaning or the asking.  And that person, at least in high-school heterosexual relationships, is definitely the girl.  Think about it: boys, basically, want to kiss girls. Guys want to make out. Always. Hassan aside, there's rarely a time when a boy is thinking, 'Eh, I think I'd rather not kiss a girl today.' Maybe if a guy is actually, literally on fire, he won't be thinking about hooking up. But that's about it.  Whereas girls are very fickle about the business of kissing. Sometimes they want to make out; sometimes they don't. They're an impenetrable fortress of unknowability, really.\\" (76)  fix er up: the theorem, while super cool, resolved itself in a very odd way.  and i don't mean plotwise, i mean that the theorem's actual (avoiding spoilers here) resolution was unsatisfactory for me.
B001DWNUCO|2.0|To be brief, Caligula is a 5 star film for it's realistic portrayal of decadent Rome. Maybe a little over the top with the sex scenes though. The standard dvd version is visually superior to this BD version. The Blu Ray version needs to be re-processed to facilitate a clearer picture. This product gives Blu Ray a bad name. Two stars for Blu Ray version.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the games are pretty easy. you have to earn coins in order to unlock most of the games witch makes it kinda interesting.
B0063IH60K|5.0|awesome game.always so very relaxed when I play. One can never say how time flies by when you play this.
0525478817|5.0|Everybody IS a person. It's true! Even if you're a kid, even if you have cancer, and even if you're a dolphin (that has nothing to do with the book... but its true! Dolphins are people too).
B003VWU2WA|4.0|Just got this mainly for volume control and it works well for that so I'm happy. I use mechanical keyboards with no volume or media control so this makes it much easier than using the mouse to control volume especially when gaming where I usually have to tab out to go to the main volume controls. I do use it with Win7 and use the 2.0.1 driver so maybe one of the other reviewers just have an old powermate that doesn't work with Win7. Driver does need work so you can use it more efficiently with other programs but that's not what I bought this thing for so just having it working with other programs is icing on the cake. I would have given it a 5 but the win driver doesn't have the pulsating or dimmable light controls that's on the 3.0 mac driver.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|the game is awsome! even though I didn't play much. people will love it! please download it on your device - just to tell.
B005W0OK3G|5.0|this has to be one of the greatest movie soundtracks ever. the hawaiian music is some of the best on any single cd.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great brain exercise, fun and free. love. playing the game! This app is great to pass the time,  or to relax and unwind.
B000A2RRF4|4.0|I Must Say This Performance Was Electrifying. BUT one problem i hate the most. he perform's so awesome BUT THE FOOTAGE AUDIO SLOPPY. BECAUSE MJ IS SINGIGN AND THEY DID NOT EDIT TO MAKE THE AUIDIENCE MORE QUIET. BUT THEY DID IN HISTORY TOUR DVD. AND THIS WAS RELEASED IN 2005 A BETTER DIGITAL AGE. HISTORY WAS OLDEN I DONT GET IT. but overall beside's the loud crowd it is a great performance. although he lipsyncs a bit. he lip's jam smooth criminal thriller will you be there and black or white. the track list is  1. Intro (Michael's Long Statue Stand)  2.Jam  3.Wanna Be Startin Somethin  4.Human Nature (He Sings It Verry Tired Like WBSS Was A Hard Performance)  5.Smooth Criminal (Lipsynch)  6.I Just Can't Stop Loving You (Duet)  7.She's Out Of My Life  8.I Want You Back  9.Stop The Love You Save  10.I'll Be There  11.Thriler (Lipsynch)  12.Billie Jean (Best Performance)  13.Working Day And Night (Awesome Performance About 8 Minutes Long)  14.Will You Be There (Lipsynch)  15.Black Or White (Lipsynch)  16.Heal The World (Great Performance)  17.Man In The Mirror (Spectacular Perfomance At The End Mike Flies Out As A Spaceman In A Space Suit While Singing Man In The Mirror)
B004GCKRWY|5.0|We loove this movie! It's intense and sad at the same time. Very well made film! I definately recommend this one to anybody who just loves a great movie!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|So far so good on my kindle fire.  Fun for the whole family.  My 5 and 8 year old daughters like this a lot.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this is an awesome app. it is easy to use and its free it really comes in handy I think everyone should get it
B004JN1D2I|1.0|Why on this god earth would paper back collection be more than the electronic version? (George R. R. Martin's A Game of Thrones 4-Book Bundle: A Song of Ice and Fire Series: A Game of Thrones, A Clash of Kings, A Storm of Swords, and A Feast for Crows (Song of Ice & Fire)
B004UID2LC|5.0|I CANNOT LIVE WITHOUT THIS APP ANYMORE! IT ROCKS AND IS SO FAST AND EASY TO USE.. btw kindle users, the videos save into your gallery.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Not too difficult but not too easy to play. Some objects are nothing more then a shadow on a wall, like the gun, why collect a shadow of a gun? makes no sence when a hat is a real hat?
B000SUKPKM|5.0|I just love this cd - these guys really rock my world. They are really talented and awesome to see in concert.
B0045HCJKS|5.0|Imagine Bonanza with robots!  Yul Bryner always brings something special to the big screen as well. Great fake computers, those were reminiscent of the old Star Trek.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Who knew bagging groceries could be so fun? I thought this would be one of the games my seven year old would play, but I'm the one that's hooked!
B001E45XT4|2.0|When I received this headset I was immediately excited. It is aesthetically pleasing and sports plenty of padding. Additionally, the hiding microphone is a great idea and helps prevent damage to the microphone boom.  Unfortunately, one of the points of over-the-ear headsets is to not press down on the user's ears in the way on-ear headsets do. But the ear cups are only 1.6cm deep, and as a result it was hard plastic speaker grilles squashing my ears against my head, instead of the padding that would be doing the same with an on-ear headset. I had to return these as they caused a lot of discomfort, my ears had turned bright red after only a couple of hours of use.  If you have small ears flat against your head this may work, and work well. But average users will find the cups aren't deep enough.
0439023483|5.0|This is by far the best book I have ever read!! very excited for the MOVIE!!! If you want to read an exciting thriller and romance with twists and turns it is amazing, but it's not that romantic but passionate!!!
B0073LWEXK|5.0|A must have for point and click veterans or newbies. The story is a little weak, but the puzzles are solid.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This puzzle game is seriously fun and totally unlike all the other games available. Kids can have fun playing this but the challenges are...well, challenging and require some more thought.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Easy to use and keeps all my notes in one place. Love the notebooks and ability to add photos. I like that I can access my notes from all my devices.
B001992NUQ|4.0|To make myself clear, i love this movie, saw it in theaters, owned it on dvd, lost it and have seen it more times than i can remember;<br /><br />i just recently got a Blu-ray player and fight club was one of the first ones i bought; they only problem i have with it is, when you turn off the player it does not remember where you last left off; maybe its just me and my player, although this doesn't happen with other Blu-ray disks;<br />\<br />not really a complaint, more of an annoyance since i listen to all commentaries but have seen the movie so many times that i dont need to watch the entire movie in one sitting.<br /><br />thanks for reading.
0307946711|5.0|I really thought this was a fantastic book. The idea of telling the story in installments of \\"one day\\" was brilliant and I thought the author did a fantastic job of piecing the past and present together.  The more I read, the more I enjoyed. I loved it!  The story was very easily readable and you can fully believe the journey Dex and Emma have shared throughout the years.  I liked both characters - because I felt them to be so real. You love them at moments and  hate them at others, depending on their actions and your expectations for their fictional selves.  And the romantic in me (still a little bit of her left) loves the idea of two people meant to come together in life.  Some installments make you laugh, others make you cry, so there is something for everyone. It's a truly complete novel, in such a wonderful way. I look forward to reading more from the author, because I really, truly enjoyed this book.  I have recommended the book to friends and I will probably find myself reading it again at some point. Just wonderfully done.  **Note:  Waited until I had read the book to watch the movie. One does not take away from the other, but I truly think the movie did a great job of telling the story as well.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Yes, there have been changes. Do they destroy the movies? No.  If you're a Star Wars fan you will still love these movies no matter what.  Some of the changes are so subtle that you won't even notice them.  Somebody wrote a review about Vader having a pink lightsaber-they must be colorblind.  The only thing that bothered me a little was Vader yelling no at the end.  I can understand that maybe Lucas thought it would add to the feeling, but yes I do think that a silent Vader was a better Vader.  If you still love these movies you'll get them on blu-ray.  The picture and color is just fantastic if you have an LED tv.  I watch mine all the time.  DVD and VHS players are prehistoric now so you might as well upgrade.  You'll still love them.  I promise.  May the Force be with you, always.
B004ZI0NLO|3.0|An Interesting read in that it awakens a curiosity about Ancient Egypt.  Well researched but a touch too far fetched. Sorely in need of editing. Far too long and drawn-out and possibly the most poorly edited book I have ever read in terms of spelling errors and typos. - this may only apply to the kindle version, but I got the feeling I was reading the draft copy.
B004O86JZ4|5.0|This album has so much honesty and integrity. Most definitely Foo Fighters' best work to date and the fact that it was done completely on analog is just a testament of the greatness of this band.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I believe I've tried all the available weather apps now, and uninstalled all but this one.  Cleanest UI, least obtrusive ads, navigation is most intuitive.  Good product.
B0012E6R3W|5.0|I saw them with Judas Priest, Dio, Motorhead and Testament blew the other bands away. This group plays music that interests me....It's what I like and want to listen to, I support bands that I believe are worthwhile, so I bought their CD!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I love this game!!! My boyfriend and I are totally addicted. He tries to sneak my Kindle away to play it... he's 25 years old! :) it is so much FUN! Best purchase yet!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|As a college student, I haven't read a nontextbook in three years. I missed the days of sprawling out reading a good novel for hours. Unfortunately, I haven't had the patience for MORE reading. Then I picked up The Hunger Games to see what all the fuss was about. Four hours later I was finished the book and had already borrowed the second one on my Kindle. The library says I can't borrow again until March 1.... I'm pretty sure I'll find a way to read the third one by then!
B001B6PBBK|5.0|I thought this movie was one of the best I've seen in its genre.  It had so much character and fun.  I love any movie that leaves me smiling at the end, and this one did.  I will always be a sucker for happy endings, and everyone ended up happy!
B006W0QOF2|5.0|This is probably one of the best films I have ever seen. From the very beginning it was an amazing film. I would recommend this movie to all my friends and anyone who is mature enough to handle it. Some people are having problems with the few scenes of gore and the very brief nudity. To that I say thats why its rated are. My girlfriend nor myself found anything about this movie offensive and both have fallen in love with this movie deff. going into the movie collection. This is an amazing movie I cannot say that enough.
B0062NAX1U|5.0|Keep this movie in mind for the special dad in your life. This movie will touch the heart of anyone who watches it with an open mind. It is funny, sad, uplifting, and straight to the point. What's the point? God matters, our relationships matter, how we do our job as fathers matters. Dads, do not delay in watching this movie. God has very clear directives for fathers and designed the role of a father very carefully. Enjoy!
B005K17RU0|5.0|updates weather every half hourish. sometime itll say temp is over hundred degrees but it usually will be ficed. it can also do multiplr cities. also keeps temp on status bar so you can quickly check to see temp instead of opening app. much much nore reliable then androids weather.
B0064NTZJO|5.0|Everything you would want in a movie.  Ryan Gosling is superb in this movie along with the rest of the cast.  Easily one of Gosling's best performances showing he's much more than a romantic movie actor.  This movie has it all and not just another lame Fast and the Furious movie.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have found this Holy Bible app to be a great way to read God's word wherever I am especially with downloadable versions of various translations.  I now use this app along with Ever Note app to read and take notes at church during service.  It's truly a blessing to see technology at work for God.
0525478817|4.0|~4.5/5<br />So, I'm feeling a little unsure about this book. And so I'm not totally sure what to say about it. I feel like I kind of don't think it was amazing, but it was amazing. And there is no reason for me to not think it was amazing. Maybe it was just so much, and I'm overwhelmed and very unsure or something. Also, I feel a little biased and pressured, and like I should only say amazing things about it. But I also don't feel like there's really anything not amazing about it in the first place. And I don't really know what rating to give it. I feel like, maybe, it doesn't really deserve a 4.5, and yet it also deserves nothing less?<br />I'm just all kinds of conflicted. (But, I swear, I'm going to be honest throughout all of this review.) (Also, I promise, I'm not going to spoil anything big in this besides general plot. So, Spoiler Free!)<br />So I understand what John Green (I kind of want to address him as John and not Green. But that's unprofessional, isn't it? [Not that, you know, I am professional or anything.] And yet, as a Nerdfighter, that's what I always think of him as. Maybe I'll just call him John Green through all of it?) was trying to say with all of it. I get the message. And it was awesome and completely well done. And I might talk more about it later, but I don't think that's what I'm going to focus on in this review.<br />I am going to talk about Hazel, though. Ahh, Hazel Grace. First of all, I want to say how well John did at creating a real girl. Especially because, as a (you know, mostly) normal teenage(-ish) girl, I related to her in a lot of ways. She's a bit cynical, and not all that sure of herself, and she says 'um' quite a bit and ends a lot of what she says in a question. And I love how she thinks about boys, and just living in general. And she's smart, and in college even though she's sixteen (with a completely understandable and logical reason), and she's honest (at least to herself). She's a teenager, even if she does have cancer.<br />And, ohhh, Augustus Waters. (Also, I want to mention that I love the names John Green came up with. They are brilliant.) I don't even... But I do, I do know what to say about him. He is simply amazing. He wants to mean something, and he's fun, and he likes Hazel and doesn't see why she shouldn't know this. He's just... full of swoon. He is all swoon. There is so much swoon with him that I don't even know what to tell you besides that you have to read it to fully understand the amazing-ness that is him and Hazel, when they are together and not. And I like that the drama wasn't pumped up very much or anything. Even when they have problems (that would usually cause a big scene or something), it isn't too tense, it's not dramatic. It just is what it is.<br />And I wasn't expecting what... happened to him, to happen to him. Especially not before her. The situation was different from what I'd expected when I started the book, and I'm glad. It turned out different, in a  very good way. Well, not very, but, you know...<br />Also, you guys. I'd read several reviews and seen lots of people talking about it, and how it was full of all these emotions. And, since I'm not the type of person that cries at things, I was like, 'yea, okay', but my interest was piqued. And you guys, everyone was kind of right. A lot of the book is just fun and more fun, and there are a ton of cute moments between Hazel Grace and Augustus. It's much more funny than I thought it would be, like with moments of the three just joking around, which I really enjoyed. And, yea, there are several moments in the book where Hazel is by herself and thinking about things, and I enjoyed them, but I didn't think they were overwhelmingly upsetting or anything. But then. But then, you guys. A scene came up about Augustus. And I was completely caught off guard.<br />I knew it was coming; it was obvious that it was coming. And even when it started, I was like 'aww, sad', but then, and I think I might have just put myself in Hazel's mind and imagined it for myself, but then I thought 'oh, there are tears in my eyes'. I'm not even kidding. This book brought me so close to crying, closer than anything I've read before. And it was amazing. Sad, but amazing.<br />And then there's Isaac. He's one of their friends, who goes blind. But him and Augustus play violent video games together, and then him and Hazel play vocal video games, and he has a moment of denial and hard realization that's a bit sad (and honest, and I genuinely enjoyed it), and he's just generally awesome.<br />We didn't see too much of anyone else's parents (although what we did see was usually pretty humorous or sad) besides Hazel's, who we saw often. She's close to both of them, and they were pretty awesome. Her dad, in particular, was so sweet, and very sensitive (and cried often). And she jokes around easily with her mom, for instance, when they take a trip with Augustus. Near the end, they got a bit pushy, but otherwise were pretty cool.<br />Also, the subject matter. It made me a little wary, but it didn't put me off from reading it or anything, because I was much too excited for that. And I haven't even read much about people with cancer, or many novels with sick people. But he did it really well. It was (I'm assuming this, because I haven't, nor have I ever been around someone who has, experienced this,) realistic. And I'm pretty sure he knew what he was talking about, as there were several technical words and stuff thrown around, and I know that he did a lot of research (not that that he couldn't have been making it all up, though). He wasn't afraid of showing the ugly parts of it. It seemed very honest, with the way everyone reacted to it, and thought about living and dying, and how they're all treated because they're sick, like with the Perks and Support Group. (And I liked the, \\"depression is a side effect of dying\\" thing, in particular. There were several parts of the book that made me think, \\"That's a nice/interesting way of looking at things\\". There are just so many little things that matter so much in this book.)<br />And whole thing with Van Houten and An Imperial Affliction. That's just... hm. (Kind of messy? And a bit sad?) There's the big similarities. With the endings, for example. And it is a bit frustrating, but I get it. So, fine. Fine.<br />The book has John Green's general way of writing. It's his style. He's a bit subtle and honest and a little dark; just him. This book included text messages and letters and little things like that. They added more character to the story, more personality to the characters. I liked it.<br />It was good. It was amazing. It wasn't amazing. It was all of the things and not, all at the same time. But aside from all that, I really enjoyed it, maybe even loved it, and I would suggest it.<br />[P.S. Thank you, John Green for creating this book with such amazing characters. And, also, for signing so very many of them. I appreciate it. (I appreciate you.) (Best Wishes.)]gined it for myself, but then I thought 'oh, there are tears in my eyes'. I'm not even kidding. This book brought me so close to crying, closer than anything I've read before. And it was amazing. Sad, but amazing.  And then there's Isaac. He's one of their friends, who goes blind. But him and Augustus play violent video games together, and then him and Hazel play vocal video games, and he has a moment of denial and hard realization that's a bit sad (and honest, and I genuinely enjoyed it), and he's just generally awesome.  We didn't see too much of anyone else's parents (although what we did see was usually pretty humorous or sad) besides Hazel's, who we saw often. She's close to both of them, and they were pretty awesome. Her dad, in particular, was so sweet, and very sensitive (and cried often). And she jokes around easily with her mom, for instance, when they take a trip with Augustus. Near the end, they got a bit pushy, but otherwise were pretty cool.  Also, the subject matter. It made me a little wary, but it didn't put me off from reading it or anything, because I was much too excited for that. And I haven't even read much about people with cancer, or many novels with sick people. But he did it really well. It was (I'm assuming this, because I haven't, nor have I ever been around someone who has, experienced this,) realistic. And I'm pretty sure he knew what he was talking about, as there were several technical words and stuff thrown around, and I know that he did a lot of research (not that that he couldn't have been making it all up, though). He wasn't afraid of showing the ugly parts of it. It seemed very honest, with the way everyone reacted to it, and thought about living and dying, and how they're all treated because they're sick, like with the Perks and Support Group. (And I liked the, \\"depression is a side effect of dying\\" thing, in particular. There were several parts of the book that made me think, \\"That's a nice/interesting way of looking at things\\". There are just so many little things that matter so much in this book.)  And whole thing with Van Houten and An Imperial Affliction. That's just... hm. (Kind of messy? And a bit sad?) There's the big similarities. With the endings, for example. And it is a bit frustrating, but I get it. So, fine. Fine.  The book has John Green's general way of writing. It's his style. He's a bit subtle and honest and a little dark; just him. This book included text messages and letters and little things like that. They added more character to the story, more personality to the characters. I liked it.  It was good. It was amazing. It wasn't amazing. It was all of the things and not, all at the same time. But aside from all that, I really enjoyed it, maybe even loved it, and I would suggest it.  [P.S. Thank you, John Green for creating this book with such amazing characters. And, also, for signing so very many of them. I appreciate it. (I appreciate you.) (Best Wishes.)]
B004DK5CW4|5.0|Take this movie for what it is, a tribute to the greatest racehorse that ever lived. What Secretariat did at The Belmont is still beyond belief. Don't get caught up in the human characters, it's a movie and Hollywood seldom, if ever, shows it as it actually was. The accomplishments of Secretariat are legendary and probably will be for a very long time. Sit back and enjoy it.
B005ZUR724|3.0|game was awesome until the Feb. 16th update. now it doesn't work and I'm still paying for the freakin membership!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|First book I read all the way through.  This book is now why I read. I used to hate reading until I finished the Trilogy.  I didn't just like the book I loved it and that says something coming from me!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This game holds it's own! A clever puzzle game that is not hard to figure out.  Many different levels and all are entertaining. Highly recommend. Used on a kindle fire.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|so much fun so addictive i got it like 3 days ago and i was not able to put it down every second i got to play on my kindle fire id be playing this game.
B0014YPEI4|5.0|this Dino is sooooo awesome. His mouth even opens and his inside mouth looks real. They did a very good gob.
B00007E8UG|4.0|This SACD delivers the voice of Diana as I heard it live. One warning: this sacd will not play on regular CD-palyers!
0307888908|4.0|Finally, someone has published a book underscoring the idea that I have held for the last ten years: That ultimately you will always be an independent contractor and working for yourself no matter what corporation or business hires you. Not only are you responsible for your own health care, education and retirement, but you are also responsible for your own advancement and opportunity creation. Reid Hoffman, founder of Linkedin and Ben Casnocha have made this idea completely understandable and ways that workers can network with those who can help them and whom they can help in return.  This sort of repourposing and repositioning of workers is essential, especially in today's current economic climate.<br /><br />The authors do give some initial insights for ways in which someone can network with others, making use of sites such as Linkedin, Facebook, other social media outlets as well as online professional associations. None of what is presented is a new idea, but rather written to change the motivation and mindset of a worker that has always looked to a company to provide a job or a living for them for life to one where they can expect many transitions and working in many areas over the years.  The problems come, however, when it starts to turn into an unabashed self-promotion for Linkedin. This book though full of motivational anecdotes, really does not do much more than that. You can get the general gist of the entire book within the introduction and the first chapter. Much better in these capacities and slightly more motivational and certainly better illustrated and easier to read is Jack Canfield's book, [[ASIN:0060594896 The Success Principles]].<br /><br />We all, whether we realize it or not, interact with many people in various areas of various businesses and at many different level. Nothing is going to take the place of direct, individual experience and contacts, and the best ones still tend to come rather by chance and by genuine and tenacious networking. This, of course, is all up to the individual and books like this one, though good at giving a sort of motivational warm-fuzzy, really don't do much to increase your chances in this competitive job marketplace.all up to the individual and books like this one, though good at giving a sort of motivational warm-fuzzy, really don't do much to increase your chances in this competitive job marketplace.
B003Y5H4Y8|5.0|One of the best movies of 2011.  Great acting by Helen Mirren.  Great plot--keeps you interested all the way thru.  What a movie.  Buy it, rent it--you got to see it.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|other than some of the difficulty of the harder games, which takes longer to unlock, I love this app! you should definitely get it, and its free too!!!! cant get any better.
B005BZQVJ8|5.0|THIS IS A GOOD  MOVIE... I REALLY ENJOYED IT ALOT. CANT SAY TO MUCH MORE . RENT IT AND FIND OUT!!
B00701897I|4.0|wanted to go.  I was really unsure about it, but in the end was very happy with it.  It was like a animated Indiana Jones; lots of action, interesting plots and great characters.  Great family night movie for kids and adults, or even just for adults.
1401937519|5.0|Up and coming author Anita Moorjani's debut book Dying To Be Me is undoubtedly one of the most important books of 2012. It is one of the most inspiring memoirs I have ever read. In these pages Anita shares in the most touching and heart felt of ways her personal history, growing up different, the tension cultural expectations created within her and the events leading up to her getting cancer and experiencing the most magnificent of near death experiences at the time her organs began to shut down in the final hours of advanced stage Hodgkin's Lymphoma.<br /> During her NDE Anita awakened to a heightened state of awareness which allowed her to understand why she had cancer (among many other things) and accessed a state of unconditional loving energy that allowed her to gain full recovery of her health.<br /><br />I need not elaborate on Anita's story any further, as it can be read in her NDE account at the Near Death Experience Research Foundation website, and there are also many different interviews available  online for those who are unfamiliar with her story. However, if you are looking for a clich&eacute; NDE book with tunnels, white lights, angels and God you will be disappointed. This NDE transcends all cultures and all religions.<br /><br />I would like to emphasize that despite being a book about a near death experience, it has a much broader appeal than most other NDE books and is in my opinion multi-disciplinary. It is of huge value to anyone interested in the areas of near death experiences, death, dying and bereavement,  cancer, spontaneous remission, the mind-body relationship, mind-body and energy medicine, reincarnation, or to anyone who simply wishes to examine how the universe and life works in general. It even makes a compelling case for the skeptics of spiritual phenomena, as her spontaneous remission so close to death is one of a kind and medically documented and verified.  In addition to Anita's wonderful message, I would hope that her views on cancer provide food for thought for oncologists around the world, and change the way the world and in particular the medical profession thinks about, views and treats cancer.<br /><br />What impresses me most about this book and about Anita's message is that her NDE pertains much more to life and living than it does to death and what we can expect in the afterlife (although this topic is also covered in the book). It helps us eliminate the clutter in our lives and to focus more on what makes us happy and brings us joy in life, as well as eliminating any existential phobias we may have stemming from the relatively unknown realm of death.<br /><br />Often spiritual books can create more existential fears and tensions rather than alleviate them with mention of concepts of sin, karma, pre-life planning of car accidents and illnesses, \\"soul lessons\\", soul levels, hell, punishment etc. These books usually have some sort of agenda to push, but luckily this is not the case with Anita Moorjani, she is a breath of fresh air, something I am eternally grateful for.<br /><br />Anita doesn't claim to be a spiritual guru, she doesn't peddle any sort of agenda as many other spiritual authors do. She has no dogma to force onto the reader. Instead she has an amazing story to tell (which she does with amazing dexterity in the English language), and shares from her NDE the many insights she gained into her own life, her own cancer and life and living in general, insights that anyone can benefit from.<br /><br />For me Anita's NDE and the insight she gained from it tremendously helped me overcome much cognitive dissonance which came from reading various New Age spiritual, self help type books, and put life into a much  clearer and more logical perspective. At the same time Anita offers an outlook on life that is relatively easy to implement-DO WHAT FEELS RIGHT FOR YOU, DON'T DO WHAT DOESN'T FEEL RIGHT FOR YOU, everything else in life is secondary.<br /><br /> If you are embarking on a quest for spiritual knowledge or if you have been on one for many years, don't buy 30 New Age books on soul mates, twin flames, soul lessons, law of attraction, indigo children, soul progression, karma etc, such books have little to do with the greater cosmic reality and in my opinion, for the most part, the concepts discussed in them are misconceptions at best, in other cases just plain lies. Such books can create quite a destructive and toxic belief system and can make living life more difficult and complicated than it needs to be.<br /><br />Instead, just buy this book. It will help you remove the clutter from your mind, your way of thinking and from your life as well. The biggest myth that Dying To Be Me dismisses is that being spiritual or living life needs to be hard work, that we need to work hard for a favoured position in the afterlife, that we need to suffer and make sacrifices for spiritual advancement, enlightenment and perfection (such beliefs are the foundation of all religions and New Age thought).  In the absence of such ideas Anita provides us with a much lighter and fulfilling perspective on life, allowing us to become more effective at being ourselves.<br /><br />In Anita's own words \\"If you think you need to work hard at being spiritual then you haven't got it yet.\\"<br /><br />Dying To Be Me is undoubtedly a ten star book, a book with universal appeal and with a message that will never lose its relevance to spirituality and to living a happy and fulfilled life.st for spiritual knowledge or if you have been on one for many years, don't buy 30 New Age books on soul mates, twin flames, soul lessons, law of attraction, indigo children, soul progression, karma etc, such books have little to do with the greater cosmic reality and in my opinion, for the most part, the concepts discussed in them are misconceptions at best, in other cases just plain lies. Such books can create quite a destructive and toxic belief system and can make living life more difficult and complicated than it needs to be.<br /><br />Instead, just buy this book. It will help you remove the clutter from your mind, your way of thinking and from your life as well. The biggest myth that Dying To Be Me dismisses is that being spiritual or living life needs to be hard work, that we need to work hard for a favoured position in the afterlife, that we need to suffer and make sacrifices for spiritual advancement, enlightenment and perfection (such beliefs are the foundation of all religions and New Age thought).  In the absence of such ideas Anita provides us with a much lighter and fulfilling perspective on life, allowing us to become more effective at being ourselves.<br /><br />In Anita's own words \\"If you think you need to work hard at being spiritual then you haven't got it yet.\\"<br /><br />Dying To Be Me is undoubtedly a ten star book, a book with universal appeal and with a message that will never lose its relevance to spirituality and to living a happy and fulfilled life.
B005TBWN0K|4.0|very cool, versatile app with a smooth intuitive interface (except for.  erase function -- where is it?). this app is great for those storming the barn with ambitions to create art, change the way we think,  help those in the margins, or otherwise express one's desires in dynamic fashion
B0071XO8RA|5.0|Once every few years I stumble upon Book that renews my excitement for a good story teller. Hugh Howey's Wool series is one of those lucky finds. After a few chapters of Wool 1, I immediately downloaded the Omnibus edition. These are great stories with characters I hope to meet again in the future. I think Hugh has allot to bring to the Sc Fi genera and look forward to more. I encourage everyone to spend a few dollars, less than that Starbucks coffee you purchased this morning. You will be more than satisfied.
B003Y5H5AQ|1.0|Very cheesy movie,so boring i had to turn it off, my son wanted it turned off quickly and said it was stupid and boring....They ruined a classic cartoon, piece of crap movie
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I debated between a 4 star or a 5 star rating. It captured my attention. I looked forward to reading more. I didn't want to stop reading, so I've determined it is worthy of 5 stars.<br /><br />I loved the drama between Abby (Pigeon) and Travis. The love, hate, jealousy, uncertainty, denial, and all those things that acompany a new relationship. The hidden fights were an interresting add, though somewhat brutal, but an unfortunate reality, just as college drinking is. Travis' reasoning was justified, though dangerous. He's the ultimate bad boy you love to hate.<br /><br />'FAVORITE LINES/PARA'S'<br /><br />\\"It's almost four in the morning, Abby. What's going on?\\"<br />\\"I can't see you at all, actually.\\"<br />\\"Abs....\\"<br />\\"I'm...pretty sure I'm in love with Travis,\\" I said, bracing for his reaction. After a few moments of shocked silence, he hung up in my ear. My eyes still focused on the pavement, I handed Travis his phone, and then reluctantly peered up at his expression. A combination of confusion, shock, and adoration scrolled across his face.<br />\\"He hung up,\\" I grimaced.<br /><br />McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (p. 167). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition.<br /><br />''\\"It's dangerous to need someone that much. You're trying to save him and he's hoping you can. You two are a disaster.\\"<br /><br />McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (p. 188). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition.<br /><br />'''It wasn't just me, and it wasn't just him, it was what we were together that was the exception.<br /><br />McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (p. 215). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition.<br /><br />~'~DISLIKES~'~<br /><br />~Pigeon/Pidge. Only because I kept thinking of Lady and the Tramp.<br /><br />~The last fight scene. I think there should have been more emotions, mourning, remorse. There would be serious consequences for what happened. Considering the devastation, there was a lack of emotion with all of the characters. It would have been well to add more empathy and guilt before moving to the Epilogue.<br /><br />'BUT!LOL'S'<br /><br />~(')I just don't like being a foregone conclusion for the sole reason of having a vagina.\\"<br /><br />McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (p. 17). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition.<br /><br />~(')~(')\\"Pigeon?\\" I said with the same amount of disdain. \\"An annoying bird that craps all over the sidewalk?\\"<br /><br />McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (p. 89). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition<br /><br />'''Would I read it again? Hella yeah!<br /><br />FYI: ''''''''' Love the Cover '''''''''regone conclusion for the sole reason of having a vagina.\\"  McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (p. 17). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition.  ~()~()\\"Pigeon?\\" I said with the same amount of disdain. \\"An annoying bird that craps all over the sidewalk?\\"  McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (p. 89). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition  Would I read it again? Hella yeah!  FYI:  Love the Cover 
0307891372|5.0|Awesome help. Very great book, not missing any pages, very good condition. It seems to be describing every little thing possible.
B0071QIN00|5.0|I do not get how this game has inappropriate graphics. I mean the girls are wearing bras! its not like they are running around with no clothes on and having sex!
B002EEP3NO|5.0|Do you like Star Wars?  Do you like LEGO?  If you answered yes to either of those questions, you will love the LEGO Death Star.  If you answered yes to both of those questions, the LEGO Death Star will be the coolest toy you'll ever own.  Some LEGO toys are fun to build, but not that great to play with. The LEGO Death Star is not only a blast to build, but there is so much to play with when you're done. Many scenes from both Episode IV and VI are here with interactive features and minifigs to play with. Both me and my three year old can find something to have fun with. It's also sturdy enough to withstand a three year old playing with it (with limited supervision).  The build is not so much challenging as it is time consuming. Expect to spend days putting this sucker together (if you have a life). But if you don't love building LEGOs, why did you buy this?  Worth every penny in my opinion.
B0009HLDFU|4.0|So first I realize that I am about 7 years late for this review, but for anyone who is looking to buy this CD now. I would like to inform you that it is an awesome CD. Yes the copy protection is stupid, but it is simple to get around. You simply disable auto run/auto play on your PC. Then you rip it to your library. I would suggest to any Foo fan. Don't bother with the one star reviews. The only reason I didn't give it a 5/5 is because the copy protection hinders the experience. Even though it can be worked around. Great buy, great CD, awesome band, etc etc etc.
B000I158GC|5.0|Milton Friedman (1912-2006) was an American economist who taught at the University of Chicago (and was the leader of the \\"Chicago school\\"); he received the Nobel Prize in Economics in 1976, and wrote/cowrote books such as [[ASIN:0691003548 A Monetary History of the United States, 1867-1960]], [[ASIN:015661930X Money Mischief: Episodes in Monetary History]], [[ASIN:B000GRG4J8 Free to Choose]], [[ASIN:0156141612 Bright Promises, Dismal Performance: An Economist's Protest]], [[ASIN:0380698781 Tyranny of the Status Quo]], etc. He wrote in the Preface that this 1962 book was \\"a long-delayed product of a series of lectures that I gave in June, 1956.\\"<br /><br />He said that the basic roles of government in a free society are to serve as \\"rule-maker and umpire\\"; he adds, \\"The need for government in these respects arises because absolute freedom is impossible. However attractive anarchy may be as a philosophy, it is not feasible in a world of imperfect men.\\" (Pg. 25) For example, he admits that monopolies, while \\"more limited than is supposed... unquestionably do arise.\\" (Pg. 28)<br /><br />He argues that an \\"automatic\\" commodity standard (e.g., under a gold-backed system) \\"has historically never proved feasible. It has always tended to develop in the direction of a mixed system...\\" (Pg. 41)<br /><br />He strongly supports the notion of school vouchers, noting that a poor black inner-city family with a gifted child \\"is in a very difficult situation. The 'good' public schools are in the high income neighborhoods. The family might be willing to spend something in addition to what it pays in taxes to get better schooling for its child. But it can hardly afford simultaneously to move to the expensive neighborhood.\\" (Pg. 92)<br /><br />More controversially, he asks, \\"Is there any difference in principle between the taste that leads a householder to prefer an attractive servant to an ugly one and the taste that leads another to prefer an (Africen-American) to a white... except that we sympathize with the one taste and may not with the other?\\" He adds, \\"In a society based on free discussion, the appropriate recourse is for me to seek to persuade them that their tastes are bad and that they should change their views and their behavior, not to use coercive power to enforce my tastes and attitudes on others.\\" (Pg. 110-111)<br /><br />He argues that the effect of unions raising wages in a particular occupation or industry is to \\"make high-paid workers higher paid at the expense of lower-paid workers.\\" (Pg. 124)<br /><br />He says that the acceptance by corporate officials of a \\"social responsibility\\" other than \\"to make as much money for their stockholders as possible\\" is a \\"fundamentally subversive doctrine.\\" (Pg. 133) He also asserts that an incompetent physician who \\"harms only his patient\\" is \\"simply a question of voluntary contract and exchange between the patient and his physician.\\" (Pg. 147)<br /><br />Friedman's blunt and wide-ranging stating of his positions is rather refreshing, and this book will be of considerable interest to student of the free market.may not with the other?\\" He adds, \\"In a society based on free discussion, the appropriate recourse is for me to seek to persuade them that their tastes are bad and that they should change their views and their behavior, not to use coercive power to enforce my tastes and attitudes on others.\\" (Pg. 110-111)  He argues that the effect of unions raising wages in a particular occupation or industry is to \\"make high-paid workers higher paid at the expense of lower-paid workers.\\" (Pg. 124)  He says that the acceptance by corporate officials of a \\"social responsibility\\" other than \\"to make as much money for their stockholders as possible\\" is a \\"fundamentally subversive doctrine.\\" (Pg. 133) He also asserts that an incompetent physician who \\"harms only his patient\\" is \\"simply a question of voluntary contract and exchange between the patient and his physician.\\" (Pg. 147)  Friedman's blunt and wide-ranging stating of his positions is rather refreshing, and this book will be of considerable interest to student of the free market.
B006PHD0RW|1.0|Right off of the bat you will find a plush toy on sale for a mere $9.99.  It can be accessed in the upper LH corner.  The app also contains access to Facebook and twitter.  They openly state, in their privacy policy, that if you go to Facebook they will download your Facebook ID, profile picture, profile name, Facebook friends, your HVS profile while you are playing the app, they reserve the right to use, sell, transfer, share, assign and provide access to your information!<br /><br />The app does play with the internet off using the airplane mode and on my tablet it did not crash.<br /><br />The app itself is fun.  Since so many reviewers gave this app a good score in 2012 some others claimed it contained Open Feint I suspect the app has been reworked and some bugs fixed and some nasty items added.<br /><br />The app is fun to play and it makes you think.  Unfortunately with the IAP, Adware, Flurry Analytics and horrid Privacy policy I rated it at 1 star.<br /><br />Permissions:<br />* Read phone status and identity<br />* Modify or delete the contents of your USB storage<br />* Full network access<br />* View network connections<br />* View WIFI connections<br /><br />This app contains Chartboost and Flurry Ads adware.  In also has InApp Billing.  It contains Flurry Analytics that monitors the app and your behavior within the game.  It can be used to help monetize the app for the developer.  No ads popped up during my game play.<br /><br />The app installed 20.27MB into my device memory and 42.75MB onto my SD card memory. It did this automatically.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this app is really fun. the only issue I have is it.doesn't update on the kindle as fast as other electronics
B002UPA4ZY|5.0|Great Video of a very good concert!  Song selection was very good.  Great selection of guest singers which also included the best choir I have ever heard!  I saw this for the first time on PBS station.  I had to have it and you will love it.  Its great for the Christmas holidays!
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Awesome! My favorite game app! It is extremely addictive and highly enjoyable! You will not be able to put it down!
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|This book draws you in from the fist page.  It is completely crazy because you have no idea why you are so invested in the characters but you are almost immediately.  It is such great pacing and twist and turns.  Totally a great reading for anyone!!!
B005D5EYHW|5.0|This is the first audiobook I have ever heard and I love it.  It is very funny, I listen to it in the car on my way to and from work.  This book has made my commute the last few days wonderful.  Tina Fey is so funny!  I'm going to be sad when the book is over.  This was a great purchase!!!
1400052181|4.0|A very interesting story. This will appeal to many people but especially to those with a scientific background. [[ASIN:1400052181 The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks]]
B003O86FMW|5.0|I loved this book!  I couldn't put it down!  Every spare second I had I was reading this book!  I highly recommend it to everyone.
B000Z27HLS|4.0|If you have read the book, then you will love this adapttion. It brings life to the characters you have read about and helps you to understand them better.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is a fantastic puzzle game. A perfect mix of volume and weight physics. I have spent several minutes redoing the same puzzle and I haven't gotten bored at all.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I am surprised that this app is only $0.99! Normally apps this good are about $1.99 to $2.99 but $0.99!? that's an awesome price for such a fun and what seems like (to me) endless game!! in my opinion this is better than angry birds.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|This version is the best!  the dragon one is my fav!! it works awesome on kindle fire!! get it its soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fun!!!
B006R8GK2Q|5.0|not difficult bought this for my 9year old grand daughter and she cant put it down...  i will look to others...
B0073LWEXK|5.0|Favorite game yet. I loved the concept and execution. Nice graphics, challenging puzzles. Also loves G. Manor by same author. Nexus ICS
B000F2C87Q|5.0|This is my favorite album by my favorite band. I love every song on here! Very soulful. I know it's a tribute album, but if you're a fan of the Black Keys, you NEED this.
B005ZUR724|3.0|how can I update this on my kindle??? because I cant. or I don't know where to look. its a great game but it wont let me log in
B00005QZWI|5.0|Howard Shore has created an enthralling masterpiece that I truly believe will last through the ages. Please do yourself a favor and purchase this work of unmatched art.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is pretty fun. however some games are not that fun. however. a lot of the games are really fun.
B000004286|5.0|Braveheart has one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard. Sometimes fearful, sometimes suspenseful, sometimes inspiring, sometimes haunting, sometimes joyous, but always amazing. Do yourself a big favor and get this soundtrack. It's a masterpiece.
B004SD5GZ4|4.0|Maybe I haven't got it all figured out yet, but I would like to send my downloaded documents on adobe reader over to my documents section on my kindle and can't find a way to do so.  Please, if anyone has a solution please respond to this.
B0000DZEA1|5.0|Howard Shore never fell short of excellence in his compositions for any of the three movies in the Lord of the Rings series. In my opinion, the Lord of the Rings soundtrack is the embodiment of perfection. 5/5
B005NJ2K6U|5.0|This is a pleasing casual game with bright graphics. It's great for killing a little time during the day, for unwinding, or for playing when you're too tired to read. I can't work the puzzles in so many moves, but it lets me progress anyway. I play through each regular level, go back and get perfect scores for most of them, then uninstall, reinstall, and begin again. I play on my Kindle Fire, and I have the original Gem Spinner on my cell phone where GSII is hard to see.
B00007BH5C|5.0|Howard Shore is a god walking amongst mere mortal composers. This work is a work of unrivaled genius. If you buy this soundtrack, I truly believe that you will not be the least bit disappointed.
0783110871|3.0|i like to watch movies with ray liota because so far he has put his best it what he does. my wife also liked the movie good action and a touch of comedy.
0345533054|3.0|Will has always lived with the shadow of his brother's infamy hanging over him.  His first girlfriend was murdered and the latest one has disappeared.  Has Ken been hiding out for all of these years or is he dead?
B002BWP49C|5.0|Do I really need to explain?????ok OK  Love the added fight scene in the end not in the books. Books are a tad anticlimactic at times. If you don't love this you're an idiot
B0063GORYU|5.0|I have always really enjoyed this game on the computer. Now I can take it with me wherever I go!  just like the windows version.
B000001DTM|4.0|Suddenly becoming one of the most universally recognized bands in the world after the release of \\"The Joshua Tree\\", U2 began to use their newly-found widespread fame to focus public attention on a variety of issues centering around universal appeals to fairness, justice, and equality that often descended into politically charged jeremiads which were often polarizing in nature.  The band also began to incorporate distinctive elements associated with traditional American musical genres into the arrangements of their own songs with results that were, at times, decidedly mixed.  After the release of \\"Rattle And Hum\\" a double-length cassette/CD comprised of material especially composed for that recording and live versions of tracks drawn primarily from \\"The Joshua Tree\\", their polemical remarks, coupled with a creeping projection of deadly earnestness, were beginning to erode the newest additions to their fanbase (and trying the patience of longtime supporters), and threatened to jeopardize their position as a band whose growth seemed both organic and an evolving phenomenon. As the band began the recording process for their studio follow-up to \\"The Joshua Tree\\", their challenge in a very real sense was to make a positive adjustment to the manner in which the musical landscape was changing around them, and adapt to it.  \\"Achtung Baby\\", the result of that process, was U2's blatant if creative attempt at remaining relevant and contemporary, a release that, while still qualitatively identifiable as material that had been recorded by U2, radically refined many of the signature elements that had previously been associated with their distinctive sound. And perhaps the feature most radicaly transformed was Edge's guitar work,  previously distinguished by its subtle, atmospheric, textural , heavily-delayed ringing harmonic, and here a sonically assaultive force, heavily phased,flanged, fuzzed-out, and distorted according to the need of each track, or perhaps even within a singletrack. Now the band and its production team also opted to bring Adam Clayton's bassline, and Larry Mullen, Jr.'s percussive work to the front of the mix and syncopate them much more heavily to push many of the tracks forward with a propulsive groove, perhaps drawing inspiration from the resurgence of club music (think the Manchester Scene) and streamlined, newly accessible, third-generation industrial music (cue up Nine Inch Nails). Honestly, there's very little in \\"The Fly\\", the first track the band released as \\"AB\\"'s first single that allowed me to identify it as a U2 song other than Bono's filtered vocals, an elongated guitar line during the breakdown, and the heavy feedback immediately following it punctuated by a burst of arpeggiation.  That's not to say that longtime fans were in completely unfamiliar waters here; \\"One\\" , a mutated ballad and universal constant on their set list over the past 20 years, contains a guitar line in its extended coda that is a partial reversion to Edge's chiming atmospherics, while \\"Trying To Throw Your Arms Around The World\\" even with its offbeat percussive flourishes, could possibly have been culled from \\"The Joshua Tree\\", Edge's guitar lines echoing expansively.  Nevertheless, \\"Achtung Baby\\" is muscular, heavier, and far more densely constructed then any of its predecessors, a sonic collage driven by a massive guitar presence, electronic manipulation, actual, established grooves rather then simple rhythmic insistence, and lyrical content whose subject appears to be love in all of its universal aspects, personal and apolitical. Perhaps not quite as cohesive as \\"The Joshua Tree\\", \\"Achtung Baby\\" is a collection of singles with a looser thematic structure that almost comes across as unified; \\"Until The End Of The World\\", \\"Even Better Than The Real Thing\\", \\"Mysterious Ways\\" all charted here in the United States. \\"Love Is Blindness\\", the closing track, was not released as a single here, but its heavily pulsating bassline, thrumming organ chord, block percussion, and infinite, reverbed guitar line combined with truly poetic lyrics from Bono to make this the most convicting song on the entire recording, and I still remember it as their penultimate number when they performed it as an encore at RFK Stadium during '92's \\"Zoo Station\\" Tour.  I predict that I'll probably take some heat for this, but I consider 'Achtung Baby\\" to be the last internally consistent U2 release, and wish sometimes that the band had made it their last. I rank it just behind \\"The Joshua Tree\\" as their masterwork, though I'll always retain a softer spot for their earlier material. I can strongly recommend this CD, but get their first 5, in order, to get a sense of how their sound evolved.
B0058VW36U|4.0|sometimes on my app it speeds up like its in fast forward. i exit the app, doesn't go back to normal. then i remove it and it still goes rediculously fast. my other friend has this app and i showed it to her and asked her if it was fast and she asked &quot; what did you do to this.&quot; finally when it works out and is back to normal, it wipes all of my progress. awesome app, needs troubleshooting.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I just bought my Kindle Fire last week and wanted a case for it since I will be traveling and didn't want any damage to come to it so I searched and read all the reviews for several cases I was considering.  I saw the video for this case which is what first intrigued me so I started researching a little more on it and in the end bought it.  I have to say that I am VERY pleased with my purchase and with it only having arrived yesterday I have already recommend it to a coworker who is purchasing 2 of them for his Kindle and his wife's! A lot of the reviews said that it didn't stand up properly but that was the first feature I checked out and it worked as it said it would so no complaints from me!  I would recommend this to anyone who has a Kindle Fire, it's thin yet sturdy to add a layer of protection for those of us that may put it in a purse or backpack or plan to travel with it.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|i picked this up due to the summary before i knew of a movie coming out. decided i needed to finish before i saw the film. the read is totally worth it and definently one of my favorite books now. time to pick up book two
B00549I482|5.0|I got this special edition CD of Bruno Mars because of the bonus tracks. I really enjoyed and found it to be very good, he is very good and some great songs and great styles. Great price on Amazon even for an import. Thanks, got very quickly too.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games. I only have 1 word for this book. Amazing. Katniss seems so real, you can't help but like the characters. Peeta, \\"The Boy With The Bread\\", is likable also. Overall, this is definitely worth a read. P. S. Can't wait for the movie on March 23!
B00683JLXA|1.0|Amazon store shows my Viewpad 7x, my Samsung Media Player 5.0, and my Galaxy Tab 7 as supported devices and I used that as a basis for purchasing the HD version. It refuses to install on any of them. Oddly the free Pandas vs Ninjas Zoom works on all of them. Just wasted $1.99 on this paid HD version.
B005RJ6AIK|3.0|Music was familiar to my growing up in Hawaii and brought many memories back to me.  Pleasent listening for any occasion.
B004UID2LC|5.0|This app is undoubtedly the best app you can get. The fact that it's free is awesome and I use this every day. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS APPLICATION.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|Very good  prices and service surfing for accessories  came across these websites interesting,quality products for my apple things looks good good info
B0042U94UQ|5.0|The first week we got this, we watched it at least 3 or 4 times. The movie is GREAT. The DVD came without issue (no damage, etc.). I'd definitely recommend this!
0786955570|4.0|---Introduction---<br />After hearing it plugged on the Wizards of the Coast D&D podcast, I made the Dungeons & Dragons: Castle Ravenloft Board Game a last-minute addition to my Christmas Wishlist this past year despite concerns that the \\"Dungeons & Dragons\\" would scare most of my friends away from giving it a try. To my pleasant surprise, I received it and have already played a number of enjoyable games. Not only has Castle Ravenloft been well-received by my D&D gamer-friends, but even by those who had never seen a d20 before - a huge testament to the accessibility of the game and its ability to rise above and beyond the stigma sometimes associated with Dungeons & Dragons. Originally retailing for $65, the price has since dropped to $45 on Amazon.com. (Check out the fully-formatted review at my website)<br /><br />\\"An exciting D&D boardgame for 1-5 players. The master of Ravenloft is having guests for dinner--and you are invited! Evil lurks in the towers and dungeons of Castle Ravenloft, and only heroes of exceptional bravery can survive the horrors within. Designed for 1-5 players, this boardgame features multiple scenarios, challenging quests, and cooperative game play.\\"<br /><br />Included Components - 8.5<br /><br />* 40 plastic heroes and monsters: color-coded for quick identification(no digging through pieces)<br />* 13 sheets of interlocking cardstock dungeon tiles: thick cardstock will allow for repeated handling<br />* 200 encounter and treasure cards: thick cardstock keeps the cards from easily bending and prevent them from blowing away (you've all had a sneeze like that, admit it)<br />* Rulebook<br />* Scenario book<br />* 20-sided die<br /><br />Though the materials supplied are adequate in terms of quality as well as quantity, there is no explanation as to what some of the elements are used for. Yes, the miniatures are color-coded, but for the rest of the pieces, only by playing the game, do you discover that there are special pieces unique to individual adventures. Not a big deal, but something that could have been addressed to save us some confusion.<br /><br />---Mechanics/Ease of Play - 9.0---<br /><br />\\"It's fun and really easy - there's just 3 things to do on my turn\\" - My wife.<br /><br />That quote from my wife, though an oversimplification, is really a great indicator for the simple, but enjoyable mechanics that drive the gameplay of Castle Ravenloft and drive-home the point that you don't have to know anything about Dungeons & Dragons to have a great time(though you'll certainly be a step ahead if you're already familiar with the d20 system).<br /><br />Setup<br /><br />The included scenario book provides about 20 varied adventures for the players (from 1 to 5 of them) to tackle cooperatively. Each scenario has a set of victory and failure conditions that tie each of the Heroes(as the players are called) together in pursuit of a specific goal. Each scenario has specific directions to facilitate crafting the game board appropriately. In general, the dungeon(game board) is pieced together at the players direction as tiles, monsters, encounters and treasures are drawn randomly from shuffled piles. Not only does this provide for some great replay value, but it also adds an element of suspense as players have no idea what is lurking around the \\"next corner\\".<br /><br />Each player chooses one of the 5 provided heroes to play during the course of the scenario: Cleric, Fighter, Ranger, Rogue or Wizard. Each of the heroes has a corresponding \\"hero tile\\" that contains all of the details specific to that \\"class\\". Of particular note are the values for Armor Class(AC), Speed, Hit Points(HP) and Surge Value(a concept Wizards of the Coast first introduced with D&D 4e). Each player then chooses a set of 4 to 6 \\"powers\\" from a deck of about 10 hero-specific cards. Each deck consists of various at-will, daily and utility powers. At-will powers can be used repeatedly throughout the scenario, whereas daily and utility powers are expended upon use and only brought back into play by certain treasure items. Helpfully, Wizards included a \\"recommended\\" list of power card for each hero that I have found to be very effective, while still providing advanced players with the opportunity to \\"fine tune\\" their powers based on specific scenarios.<br /><br />Your turn<br /><br />Players collectively decide who will go first and play then goes around the table. Each turn consists of three \\"phases\\" that dictate the flow of each turn:<br /><br />The Hero Phase<br /><br />The first part of your turn, the hero phase is just what it sounds like - where the Hero takes the spotlight. During this phase you will be moving your hero miniature around the game board and attacking monsters that you discover. You can use one \\"attack\\" power card per turn, as well as utility powers as indicated by the description. Your movements are nearly as important as your attacks, allowing you to \\"explore\\" new areas of the dungeon in the exploration phase to follow, avoid traps, or flee from monsters. The relatively small number of powers to choose from combined with simple rules for movement makes your choices feel meaningful without getting bogged down in a tedium of rules deliberation. I found the powers very easy to use, while maintaining the elements of choice so important to the RPG genre.<br /><br />Based on the d20 system, each attack involves rolling a twenty-sided die, adding a modifier and comparing the result to the Armor Class(AC) of the target. If the roll plus modified is equal or greater than the AC, your attack hits the target and deals damage; otherwise, your attack misses and usually has no effect.<br /><br />The Exploration Phase<br /><br />The dungeon is built primarily in the exploration phase based on your actions during the Hero phase based on the concept of an \\"unexplored edge\\". Simply put, any dungeon tile edge that is not depicted as a wall, nor already connected to another dungeon tile is considered to be an \\"unexplored edge\\" and thus, ripe for hero exploration. If the hero phase ends with your miniature positions adjacent to an unexplored edge, you draw a new dungeon tile and place it next to your hero. In addition, you draw a card from the \\"Monster\\" deck and place the appropriate miniature on the new tile on top of the pile of skulls that each dungeon tiles has. Each of the Monster cards has all of the stats(AC, HP) and tactics(how it attacks and moves) listed similar to the Hero tiles that you choose from before the game starts. This is important - in Castle Ravenloft YOU will control each of the monsters that you draw from the deck until they are killed by your party of heroes(or less-pleasantly, until you are killed by them).<br /><br />The Villain Phase<br /><br />If you did not draw a new dungeon tile during the exploration phase or if you drew a dungeon tile marked with a black triangle (anecdotally about 50% of the tiles are black and 50% are white, though I haven't actually counted them) you will also draw an \\"Encounter\\" card. These Encounter cards are always negative events, that will impact one or more of the heroes in some way. Most encounters are some type of attack against all heroes in the current heroes dungeon tile; this could be a one-time attack, or it could be a persistent \\"trap\\" device that is activated along with monsters you may also control. In addition to straight-up attacks, you can also find \\"Environment\\" effects that last until another \\"Environment\\" card is drawn - these can do anything from reducing all heroes' speed by 1 to forcing you to roll twice for every attack and use the lower result. These cards can be quite devastating when the heroes are clumped together on the same tile, so they force you to spread out or risk a catastrophic event. During gameplay, the Encounters really increased the pacing and level of urgency.<br /><br />After you determine that an Encounter card should/should not be drawn, you activate all of the monsters and traps under your control in the order they were drawn. Far less arbitrary than it sounds, a player reads the concise \\"tactics\\" for each Monster or Trap<br /><br />The d20<br /><br />Ah, the d20 (20-sided die) - bringer of fortune and failure alike - it is the foundational element in Castle Ravenloft and what really ties the mechanics to Dungeons & Dragons.<br /><br />---Fun Factor - 8.0---<br /><br />Despite a somewhat slow start(due to setup, reading/explaining the \\"adventure\\", etc.), the game quickly picks up the pace into what can only be described as a frantic, entertaining fight to survive that only ends when you've completed the heroic objective or have died trying! Your success (or failure) is based almost entirely on how well (or poorly) you managed the constant barrage of monsters, traps, and events that are thrown at the party. Fail to control the onslaught and you will be quickly overrun as the monsters reach an unstoppable critical mass.<br /><br />The designers have done an excellent job of making every adventure take you to cusp of destruction when you finally reach your objective and (hopefully) emerge from the Castle Ravenloft dungeons as victorious heroes.<br /><br />However, after a few games I did find that my selection of actions(during the Hero phase) seemed to grow less interesting. A larger selection of power cards would be a welcomed addition and would likely remedy this minor drawback.<br /><br />---Craftsmanship/Art - 7.0---<br /><br />The craftsmanship is at a higher level than I expected(due to low expectations), but seems appropriate considering the cost of the game. The game tiles and hero cards, in particular, have a nice weight to them that lends to the impression of high-caliber materials. One notable exception, are the miniatures - outside of the \\"main bad guys\\"(which have decent quality), the miniatures seem cheap and prone to breakage. The hero miniatures in particular, bend easily and one or two of them fall over easily. This is one area for improvement, especially considering the cost of the game.<br /><br />The art direction is consistent with the rest of the Dungeons & Dragons product line. For those not familiar, it is fairly typical fantasy art with an emphasis on \\"realistic portrayal\\", as opposed to the over-exaggerated caricatures found in anime, etc. Suitable for developing the mood of the game, I found it to be quite adequate - nothing more, nothing less.<br /><br />There was a lot of room for Wizards to \\"WOW!\\" me with the craftsmanship and art here - sadly, they didn't take full advantage. It's more of a \\"nitpick\\" for me, but as the only real \\"flaw\\" in the game, I felt it is worth mentioning.<br /><br />---Replay Value - 9.0---<br /><br />The very nature of the game(building the game board as play progresses) results in a new experience every time, even when playing the same \\"adventure\\". Combinations of hero classes and the inclusion of 20 unique adventures provide abundant material for even the most avid gamer. I have owned the game for over a year now and have yet to even play through all of the adventures once, much-less play through them repeatedly.<br /><br />Unlike many board games that fall into predictable patterns of play, the designers of Castle Ravenloft have managed to create a game that feels familiar to those with experience without succumbing to repetition, boredom, and ultimately disinterest.<br /><br />If you and your gaming group are looking for a game to hold your interests through multiple gatherings, Castle Ravenloft is one that I highly recommend!<br /><br />---Conclusion - 8.3 Great! Highly Recommended Purchase.--<br /><br />The mechanics and replay value really set Dungeons & Dragons: Castle Ravenloft apart from other games and serve to polish and balance the \\"meh\\" art and craftsmanship that would have otherwise detracted from the overall appeal. A job well done and an excellent addition to your gaming repertoire that will last through many gatherings. As an added benefit, Ravenloft also serves as a great tool for introducing otherwise hesitant friends to the Dungeons & Dragons RPG - which otherwise has a fairly high learning curve.and failure alike - it is the foundational element in Castle Ravenloft and what really ties the mechanics to Dungeons & Dragons.  ---Fun Factor - 8.0---  Despite a somewhat slow start(due to setup, reading/explaining the \\"adventure\\", etc.), the game quickly picks up the pace into what can only be described as a frantic, entertaining fight to survive that only ends when you've completed the heroic objective or have died trying! Your success (or failure) is based almost entirely on how well (or poorly) you managed the constant barrage of monsters, traps, and events that are thrown at the party. Fail to control the onslaught and you will be quickly overrun as the monsters reach an unstoppable critical mass.  The designers have done an excellent job of making every adventure take you to cusp of destruction when you finally reach your objective and (hopefully) emerge from the Castle Ravenloft dungeons as victorious heroes.  However, after a few games I did find that my selection of actions(during the Hero phase) seemed to grow less interesting. A larger selection of power cards would be a welcomed addition and would likely remedy this minor drawback.  ---Craftsmanship/Art - 7.0---  The craftsmanship is at a higher level than I expected(due to low expectations), but seems appropriate considering the cost of the game. The game tiles and hero cards, in particular, have a nice weight to them that lends to the impression of high-caliber materials. One notable exception, are the miniatures - outside of the \\"main bad guys\\"(which have decent quality), the miniatures seem cheap and prone to breakage. The hero miniatures in particular, bend easily and one or two of them fall over easily. This is one area for improvement, especially considering the cost of the game.  The art direction is consistent with the rest of the Dungeons & Dragons product line. For those not familiar, it is fairly typical fantasy art with an emphasis on \\"realistic portrayal\\", as opposed to the over-exaggerated caricatures found in anime, etc. Suitable for developing the mood of the game, I found it to be quite adequate - nothing more, nothing less.  There was a lot of room for Wizards to \\"WOW!\\" me with the craftsmanship and art here - sadly, they didn't take full advantage. It's more of a \\"nitpick\\" for me, but as the only real \\"flaw\\" in the game, I felt it is worth mentioning.  ---Replay Value - 9.0---  The very nature of the game(building the game board as play progresses) results in a new experience every time, even when playing the same \\"adventure\\". Combinations of hero classes and the inclusion of 20 unique adventures provide abundant material for even the most avid gamer. I have owned the game for over a year now and have yet to even play through all of the adventures once, much-less play through them repeatedly.  Unlike many board games that fall into predictable patterns of play, the designers of Castle Ravenloft have managed to create a game that feels familiar to those with experience without succumbing to repetition, boredom, and ultimately disinterest.  If you and your gaming group are looking for a game to hold your interests through multiple gatherings, Castle Ravenloft is one that I highly recommend!  ---Conclusion - 8.3 Great! Highly Recommended Purchase.--  The mechanics and replay value really set Dungeons & Dragons: Castle Ravenloft apart from other games and serve to polish and balance the \\"meh\\" art and craftsmanship that would have otherwise detracted from the overall appeal. A job well done and an excellent addition to your gaming repertoire that will last through many gatherings. As an added benefit, Ravenloft also serves as a great tool for introducing otherwise hesitant friends to the Dungeons & Dragons RPG - which otherwise has a fairly high learning curve.
B0063IH60K|4.0|a great past time and is a good relaxing no stress game.great free app to download. really enjoy the game options and you don't win all the time.
0385342063|5.0|I thought that this book was very predictable, that you sorta know in the first page of the book that the heroine is going to end up with the hero. It was a nice read, particularly in the part where Sam told Poppy to learn how to stand up for herself and to not put herself second. It's inspiring for me particularly because I can relate to Poppy. I lack confidence and feel inferior to many people around me, too, because for many times I think that I am not as smart as the others around me. The cutest part was the scrabble part. I suck at Words with Friends and always cheat on the game using the same method, LOL. I learnt to love Wanda at the end, but thinks that her gold-band method was very selfish and hated her even more. I already suspected that Lucinda was cheating with Magnus from the beginning when I think she was giving terrible wedding-planning advice to Poppy. (Grey linens for napkins?, painting the church pillars silver??) I think that after reading the book I would pay attention to the bin more often,you never know what you might find in there, isn't it?
B0054JZC6E|3.0|it has a lot of games but at least half are good but its a pretty cool app to get
B006PHD0RW|5.0|Love this game! Some times you bag the food carfully and  other times the idea is to smash as much as possible. Great puzzle game.
B003UYUQZW|4.0|I have seen this movie several times and finally decided to buy my own copy. Not thought provoking or educational, just good fun. I really like it
0060853972|5.0|This hilarious book is what you get when you have an angel and a demon that have lived on Earth so long that they not only like living there, they become friends. So naturally when the Apocalypse approaches, they team up to try and stop it from happening; not so much for the benefit of mankind, but to keep their cushy existence.<br /><br />Omens has all the satirical, slightly offensive humor that I've come to appreciate from Gaiman's work. Though I've never read any work by Pratchett, I would be willing to give his writings a shot.<br /><br />Who would have ever thought that the idea of an 11 year-old boy growing up in middle-class London who is actually the Antichrist would make me laugh until I cried? The humor is reminiscent of the movie Dogma, but has a charm all its own.<br /><br />Those who are devoutly religious should probably stay away from this title. But if you find religious satire amusing, this book is worth checking out.
B003H6KRIE|5.0|This is one of my favorite series. Matt Damon is great as Jason Bourne. Lots of action with a little romance thrown in. I enjoy them even after having watched them numerous times
B006UG90RM|3.0|The vocals are weak and Michael Anthony is sorely missed. I downloaded it for free. I can't believe anyone still pays for music.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|this app is great for keeping in the word of God. no matter where I go, I can read the Bible. The bookmark feature is great for quick references.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Bible Youversion is really cool and so easy to use. I love that it has many versions in one convenient app. strongly recommend it for everyone.
0670022411|3.0|I have to admit I wasn't able to finish this book but I did get about 3/4s of the way through.  To start with the world is really interesting. I enjoyed the main character. She's bookish/scholarly and determined. The author develops her consistently and well. The other characters are also well done if leaning more towards the romance stereotypes.  The world is interesting and the politics are interesting but by the end of the book all of the weird twists I just couldn't take it. It began to be a little ridiculous.  As far as recommendations go - it's a blend of fantasy and romance with a little bit of political intrigue thrown in. If you like these things and are willing to look past the last 1/4 of ridiculousness then go for it. It's decently written for the type of book it is.
B001VLXNLU|5.0|I don't write many reviews but for this series I feel like I must. I bought this book one day because it was on special for .99 and Im glad I did. I read the entire book in one day and immediately purchased the others in this series that were out.  I fell in love instantly with the world that Cast has created and it has me completely spellbound.  I would definitely recommend this series and I already hooked a few of my friends. This is a must read!!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|fun game just to pass the time...controls.are a little iffy but it keeps me entertained for boring days...just one thing they need to do is get rid of all the ads
B0012GMV58|5.0|Carlos Santana has maintained a very adaptable construct within the Santana band,allowing a signature sound to continue but a variety of different musicians to come in and out. So it was all more a musical collective than a band in terms of personnel maintenance. For his part Carlos himself always had a musical kinship with John Coltrane and was during the early 70's looking to develop a guitar personality similar to what Coltrane was seeking to do with his saxophone. And that was to allow the music to come from within his heart and soul as opposed to trying to force the music out. This way he could communicate spiritually to the people of the world without playing over their heads. Santana admired this. And in 1973 he paired up with Mahavishnu Orchestra founder John McLaughlin,formerly of Miles Davis's (and of course Miles had once worked with Coltrane) for the album [[ASIN:B0012GMW34 Love Devotion Surrender]]. After this he put together a new Santana band with McLaughlin along with vocalists Leon Thomas,Flora Purim and keyboardist/percussionist Tom Coster. This band had an even more expansive and jazzier approach than the Woodstock era Santana band had. And it would seem Santana was in the state to pursue the more soul satisfying elements of his music than the commerical ones.<br /><br />  It's important to understand that just because this album isn't overtly commercial in nature doesn't mean it won't catch the listen. Vocally and instrumentally,this album is bursting from front to back with endless layers of rhythm and melody. The musicianship on the songs are...well it goes without saying. And actually it bursts out with the same free-for-all percussive free jazz-funk fusion bag right from the start with \\"Going Home,an firey organ led  musical sermon co-written with Alice Coltrane. Leon Thomas lends his vocals to the slickly grooving \\"Love,Devotion And Surrender\\" as well as \\"When I Look Into Your Eyes\\",which is a swelling soul/funk number with a very dramatic melody and percussion tune.. On \\"Yours Is The Light\\" Flora Purim brings her Brazilian flavored vocal turns to the affair. Leon Thomas is back again on the almost cinematic orchestral groove of \\"Light Of Life\\",again with beautiful swelling melodic chords and a thick rhythm section. The kalimba powered \\"Mother Afria\\",\\"Flame Sky\\" and the title song all all showcase similar types of latin jazz-funk style percussive instrumentals of a more flamboyant variation on the sound the bands [[ASIN:B0000A2I1B Caravanserai]] album achieved. There's also the bonus track \\"Mantra\\",a largely instrumental rhythmic meditation where only words such as joy,love and peace are chanted as vocal elements.<br /><br />  While I must say the recent Woody Allen film [[ASIN:B005MYEQ4U Midnight in Paris]] correctly (and poetically) points out the psychological dangers of living in ones own pastime paradise,there is a part of me that yearns for an environment where meaningful music with meaningful lyrics such as this isn't perceived as \\"old fashioned\\" and even corny by some people. Now doubt that anyone would refer to Santana in his prime as being corny. But I personally always have this feeling I'll wind up playing this album for someone who'll say \\"well that's great but I've got something by a NEWER group that's even better\\",only to listen to it and feel only more drawn toward this. I know,sounds like a value judgement. It's only pointing out how different some of us are in terms of dealing with creativity. Listening to this I have to admit,if Santana's mission of this album was to serve up food for the soul and it's creative energies,mission accomplished. It takes jazz,funk and latin rock to the ends of their creative limits. And does so with the most elegant and enlightening of grooves,melodic chords and harmonies. Highly recommended not only (obviously) to Santana admirers but to anyone whose not devoutly religious who wants to experience something...as close to thoroughly spiritual as popular music can probably get.t.
0307352145|5.0|As an introvert, I definitely feel pressure to be more outgoing, loud, outspoken, etc. While I can appreciate the positive aspects of stepping outside of my comfort zone, sometimes it can get annoying to constantly be told that I should be different. So when I came across this book, which praises introverted qualities for a change, I couldn't wait to read it.<br /><br />It didn't disappoint. I loved Cain's emphasis on the unique character of introverts and how introverts bring balance to a world (or at least a country) that now prides itself on in-your-face, loud personalities. I honestly felt a weight lifted from my shoulders when I read this book. I felt like it was okay to be me and that there were a lot of other people like me out there--maybe just sitting so quietly that I hadn't noticed them.
B001M3LG84|1.0|This DVD will not play on my DVD players. Was sent back and reordered. 2nd one was same as first. If you get some in that will work in American DVD players, let me know as I still want this DVD.
B005K17RU0|1.0|Loved this app at first but all of the sudden I cant access it at all anymore. I get in and soon after the force close message pops up. Too many other weather apps out there to wait for this one to get itself together. I already uninstalled on my droid and I'm uninstalling on my kindle fire right now. Sorry!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this is a wonderful game. 101+ simple click or drag games im glad I got this game. bottom line get it.
B004MC8CA2|3.0|I enjoy using this app. at home.  I can't always pronounce some of the KJV words, so the extra feature they add by auto reading to me is a 5 star plus. However, I can't use this at my church. It requires an Internet source. I hope that they make this feature available for those who do not have Internet.
B0068TL23G|4.0|A very nice game. One small problem: I wish I would be able to redo just the one I want to fix. Here you have to redo almost everything starting from the last one. Make it like Glo flo. Thanks.
B005K17RU0|5.0|this app is awesome. it is very accurate and I like that it shows the temp in my notification box.
B0059XTUMC|5.0|George Valentin is the King Lear of the silent film era.  Majestic and generous, but ultimately proud and vain he is on the top of the world, thinks he'll always be there, and does out favors whimsically.  One of those who enters into his good graces is a up-and-coming actress named Peppy Miller.  Then the world around him shifts, and instead of adapting to him he fights against him.  He refuses to accept the birth of talkies, and bankrupts himself on the last film of the silent era.  Meanwhile, his former protege Peppy Miller has embraced the new era, becoming its most famous as once her mentor was the former face of the silent film era.  From then on, George Valentin's world crumbles, as Peppy watches closely, trying to safeguard and ultimately save her former mentor.  The film reaches a climax with a \\"bang.\\"  Which is more nerve-wracking and explosive -- a Frenchman with wounded pride and a gun or a Frenchwoman in a car?  \\"The Artist\\" is a feel-good film that takes an extinct dinosaur and gives it new life for a new age.
B002TX06RI|5.0|Ok, so I'm a little late discovering this show, but I just finished season 1 and LOVED it. Commercial, but not to the extent that it's cheesy. Great, likeable characters with fresh twists and the scripts are totally engaging. Off to watch season 2!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game goes against the old saying &quot;You get what you pay for&quot;. This rendition of solitaire is fantastic! Many thanks to the programmer.
B0063IH60K|5.0|runs really well on my kindle fire! I definitely recommend if you're looking for a solitaire game. beware because it may suck up all your time!
B005K0HDGE|4.0|Let me begin by saying that I am not a Stephen King fan. I don't do horror--or scary--or really even weird. The title and a recommendation from my sister had me buying this from Amazon at the highest price I have ever paid for an e-book. I guess in King's defense it is also perhaps one of the longest novels I have ever Kindled. (Is that a new verb for you, Webster?)   The title of this book will be a huge clue to the plot for anyone who a) has studied American History; or b) was born prior to November 22, 1963. No one can think of the assassination of President John Kennedy (little John-John saluting the flag on the coffin in the funeral cortege broke just about every heart in America) as anything other than a world-changing event. King has used it as the central point in this book. What if someone could go back and change history? Take out Lee Harvey Oswald before he could make the fatal shot?   High school teacher Jake Epping takes that challenge when he stumbles across a time portal in the back room of a local diner. Sound crazy? Well, if you are reading a novel with a time portal, who's to say what is a little, well maybe more than a little, off. So accept the time portal and settle in for a trip back to the late 50's and early 60's. It will be a bumpy ride and you won't be meeting the rock-around-the-clock gang. King's Dallas is an anti-Kennedy racial hot bed that is a dangerous place for inner-city dwellers.   I found Epping to be a little cold and maybe just a little all-knowing. I would also like to think that King (being from Maine) might have a little anti-south sentiment flowing in his veins. However, It is a very well-researched novel and as the actual facts interplay with King's fictional plot you begin to buy into it and root for Epping.  This is an excellent read--if only for the fact that it makes you think about the \\"what if\\" questions that have haunted us for decades.  You may read this and other reviews at readsquare.com.
1594202842|1.0|Self-serving, with an occasional dash of humor, this book explains Amy Chua's theories on Western vs. Chinese parenting. As another reviewer said, Ms. Chua goes far beyond what most Asian parents require...pulling her daughters out of school for extra music practice, forcing her daughter to practice a piece for hours without food, water or bathroom breaks. Calling her daughter 'garbage' in order to let her know how much Ms. Chua believed in her.  Where was her husband in all this?  This was an excellent book about what NOT to do to your children. While I applaud her high standards, sacrificing her children's mental health so that Mama Chua can pat herself on the back that her daughters performed at Carnegie Hall or were the youngest concertmaster of the Yale orchestra is too much.
0545403359|5.0|I saw the movie and when I learned it was adapted from a young adult book I was curious about the author and how closely the movie followed the story. The author is an award winning English author who has written 100 children's books. The story is written in the POV of Joey, the horse and is an excellent read for children and adults.
B004QPUGRW|5.0|This book is fantastic. First off, it's spiral bound, so you have no problem seeing each page completely and the book can lay flat open while you are practicing. The book contains every pose in ashtanga, so this is your go to book for all things ashtanga. Included with every pose is its sanskrit name, its english name, timing of breath, and verbal cues. I would also recommend it even for yogis of other disciplines. This book can help you add more to your home practice, improve your knowledge as a teacher, and gain a deeper understanding of the practice of yoga. Also included in the end of the book is ready-made sequencing: primary and secondary series, and some sequences that are 15 minutes, 30 minutes, and 45 minutes long, which again is fantastic for any practitioner. The author also includes a few inspirational quotes throughout the book, which I really appreciate. Overall, this is a great book and I would recommend it to all yogis, from beginner to advanced. For more on all things health and yoga, go to nourael.tumblr.com
B006PHD0RW|2.0|the game itself is good and a fun concept. I would love to play it, but it always freezes. it won't allow me to use touch screen and no, its not the phone. fix this issue and you'd have a great game.
0439023513|3.0|Speaking as someone who rather enjoyed this series as a whole, I'll be honest and say that the final book is the lowest in my favorite rankings. In fact, my preference order follows the trilogy's chronological order. Put simply, this one falls a bit below par.  I don't want to give too much away here, so I'll try to be as vague, plot-wise, as possible. This book takes us to a very different place than the previous two, and we see our main characters shift and evolve in all kinds of extreme ways. Some of it, I liked - the dynamic of it all was interesting and kept me engaged. However, much of it was far too extreme for my liking. The polar shift in at least one character was heartbreaking and, to me, didn't serve much of a purpose as an overarching plot function. The various tragedies are too numerous; I hate to say it, but when one of my very favorite secondary characters was killed, I felt a bit numb to it. I attribute that numbness to two factors: first, it was just one of many other deaths in rapid succession, thus leaving a much smaller impact than it could have; and second, it was just done too quickly.  My biggest beef here, however, was the ending itself. To put it simply, what I wanted to happen did, indeed, happen. But Collins managed to write it in a way that was absolutely deflating. There was so much action and movement and progression along a timeline this story that I'm completely mystified by the quick, sloppy conclusion. It's as if Collins was reaching her publisher's upper page number limit, so she chaotically summarized and skipped ahead to the ending of our character's lives. The epilogue is so brief it's almost pointless. I appreciate a book that ends in a complex way, where not all of your questions are answered - but this one answers some questions automatically and others not at all, and the overall impression is negative. Despite the fact that wonderful things happen, we're made to feel like our favorite characters have lost. And what's thatabout?  Honestly, I really did enjoy the series. I finished it all in four days, so I hope you believe me when I say it was fascinating, captivating, and exciting. But we all know that feeling you get when you finish a long book or a strong series - that elation mixed with disappointment and the loss of a new friend. But this ending cut that lovely sensation short for me, and I can't seem to get over that little, hollow feeling it's given me instead.  To conclude: it's a strong series and an action-packed third installment well worth a read - but don't expect to be dazzled by the ending.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|They were kind of confusing at first with no information and all, but when I got into them I loved them._
0439023491|4.0|We all know the first book of a series is almost impossible to beat. I won't lie to you - that's true for the Hunger Games, too. But, all things considered, this is an unusually strong example of a second installment. (To be honest, I still like it much better than the final installment.)<br /><br />The beginning is a bit slow as we're thrown into the slightly distanced aftermath of the 74th Hunger Games. Our main characters are living at home. And...well, for a little while, that's it. They are not engaged in their relationships or their lifestyles. Understandably, they're scarred; annoyingly, especially in Katniss's case, they are too lazy and uncaring to try and rebuild.<br /><br />Nevertheless, it's a realistic start. As the plot progresses, things begin to change and we become increasingly suspicious. Katniss and Peeta should be finished and living easy lives, shouldn't they? But, of course, this is Panem and the Hunger Games, and nothing is quite that simple. Our conspiratorial dystopia can't just let that happen. So things change, deals are struck, threats are made.<br /><br />I don't want to give anything away here, so I'll try to be vague. To put it simply, this book took exactly the turn I dreaded. I feared repetition; I was afraid this plot would become a dull, replicated version of the first. But honestly, just after that twist turned, I was proven wrong. It was dynamic and it was different, and the consequences were new. The secondary characters were wonderful and I adored Katniss's new acquaintances. The suspense wasn't hard to keep an investment in (although it simply couldn't match that of the first book), and the details were all fresh and original. What a relief that was.<br /><br />Now, I do think there was a bit too much \\"middleness\\" happening here. In writing, you want every scene to have its own story arc and fit into the broader arc of the overall tale. The same should go for installments in a series; each, I believe, should have its own unique storyline with its own progression and climax and conclusion, all of which fit smoothly into the overarching story. I wish that was better done here. There are climaxes, but they are smaller than I'd like; the conclusion is a cliffhanger, which we accept as readers of a trilogy, but not a very satisfying one. Our story arc stays too high; it moves right into the next plotline without fully coming down from the one we just endured.<br /><br />That's an exhausting way to read, if you ask me. I appreciate the newness of everything - but I wish it wasn't thrown in there just to confuse us and make us desperate for the next installment. That's great and all, and it needs to happen for a series to be successful, but we can't ignore the needs of each book along the way.<br /><br />To conclude: a steady increase of risk and twist for the overall series plot and a great new approach to our characters' experiences, but a bit too reliant on building the stakes for the future and not reliant enough on the now.e storyline with its own progression and climax and conclusion, all of which fit smoothly into the overarching story. I wish that was better done here. There are climaxes, but they are smaller than I'd like; the conclusion is a cliffhanger, which we accept as readers of a trilogy, but not a very satisfying one. Our story arc stays too high; it moves right into the next plotline without fully coming down from the one we just endured.<br /><br />That's an exhausting way to read, if you ask me. I appreciate the newness of everything - but I wish it wasn't thrown in there just to confuse us and make us desperate for the next installment. That's great and all, and it needs to happen for a series to be successful, but we can't ignore the needs of each book along the way.<br /><br />To conclude: a steady increase of risk and twist for the overall series plot and a great new approach to our characters' experiences, but a bit too reliant on building the stakes for the future and not reliant enough on the now.
031618201X|4.0|I own the entire series of the Parasol Protectorate. I love the books, so when I found out they made it into a manga...my mind was blown! I immediately pre-orderd the book and received it MUCH earlier than I thought and at a MUCH cheaper price. Thank you amazon.<br /><br />But okay, the reason why this is 4stars and not 5stars is because, however great the art is, the story I feel would confuse and speed by way too quickly for readers who have not read the book. The plot of course is the same, but some of my favorite scenes have been taken out to fit it into the lovely book you have just passed by.<br /><br />If you have read the book and love anime/manga, prepare to be excited and maybe slightly disappointed. If you have not read the book, prepare to feel slightly confused in some parts and feel rushed.<br /><br />Overall, I liked it, because I expected it to not be the same, but...that still doesn't mean I wish it were a little better with adding more detail to everything.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Unique, strong, and well-written. So rarely do we find the winning combination of fascinating plot, sustained suspense, and developed characters that this first installment offers!  To begin with, the first few pages of this novel are outstanding. It's a brisk, impactful opening that's individualized enough to inspire my investment, but localized enough to make sure it doesn't answer too many questions too immediately. This is a textbook example of the start-in-the-middle kind of opening I love to find, and it's an excellent way to begin this series. Fantastic.  The premise of this story is both fascinating and tragic, which is an excellent start. But beyond that, it's meaningfully explored and maintains that fascination throughout the novel. Judging from the perspective of a writer myself, this is on my checklist of \\"Things You Must Find in a Good Book.\\" Loved it.  As someone with a general distaste for sci-fi, I've got to say that the elements of scientific unreality are very well injected into this novel. Without pushing too far or diving too deep in specifics we don't really care about, Collins gives us hints of a cruel, futuristic world with horrifying advances but a strong, intact sense of what it means to be human. It is a relatable world of fantasy. Very well done.  It took me less than twenty-four hours to finish this book, and that's for two reasons: the suspense and the emotional investment. Our windows to the brutality of this world are painful; they are spaced well enough to maintain that heightened sense of urgency and have the fullest impact on us as readers. We follow Katniss far beyond the ends of tolerable human ignorance and into undeniable evils as she tries to keep both her survival and her sanity and mind; we follow Peeta as he goes painstakingly about the task of holding on to his identity and preserving the life he loves. The action is quick enough to keep me hooked, but slow enough to hit hard. Scrupulously heartbreaking.  Characters, in anynovel, should be well-rounded and believable enough to capture our hearts. These characters do. I want Peeta to get what he desires so badly; I want Katniss to hold on to what she needs; I want Prim and their mother's suffering to end. Even the secondary characters, like Katniss's Capitol team, are so important to me and stick in my mind so profoundly that I don't want to see them leave the scene. The conflict they instill - should I love them or hate them? and should Katniss appreciate them or resent them? - is very effective. Excellent range of characters.  Really, the only scruple I have with this novel is the grammar. Commas and other punctuation are not always used properly, and I had to reread sentences somewhat frequently to get them to flow through my mind correctly. The imagery and characterization still come across strongly, but had I not faced that distraction, I think it could have been even more intense. We never like to see the voice of the author come through - just that of the characters. So that would be the one thing I'd like to see change.  To conclude: an addictive, powerful opening to a strong series with a few minor technical weaknesses that are almost negligible against a winning big picture.
B004DMIIVO|5.0|I didn't know it was two discs :D !! yay!! I'm just overall happy with this DVD :) I think you'll be too. But hey, if you don't like it you can always sell it to that one kid down the street. lol
B004VD3YIM|5.0|I love it so much! theres just one problem. I was watching one of the cameras in Venezuela,and I saw a girl running from three guys and they all three shot her. so be caution.
B000FCKGPC|4.0|I read a lot of the reviews and criticism of the book.  I agree with many of them but stick with it and trust me it really picks up.  There are always twists and turns and the endings leave you wanting more.  I was not into this book as much as the others until it picked up and then I couldn't put it down.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|This is amazing game for all ages!! Absolutely looove this game!! My 3 year old, my 5 year old and myself play this game for hours!! Itt
0545265355|5.0|Okay, I just finished the Hunger Games Trilogy. If you are looking for happy endings, rainbows and unicorns, you need to look somewhere else. However, if you want to read books that will inspire and challenge you, read The Hunger Games. I loved the entire series. The story line is often unpredictable and a little scary, and I  starting biting my nails again. (oops,got to stop that,sally)  Katniss must be one of the bravest, smartest, kindest heroines I have ever read about. Thank you Suzanne for writing such a compelling story!
0061537969|4.0|Interesting book written from an interesting angle.  Seemed more a young adult read than an adult read. Enjoyable airplane read.
1594744769|4.0|I'm 24 and I loved this book.  It wasn't what I originally expected when I picked it up during my lunch hour. I though it was going to be a horror/suspense from the pictures and the short summary. What I got was an adventure with fantasy and science fiction.  I was very happy since this is more along the lines of what I like.  I would have to say that if you liked ( A series of unfortunate events, peter pan, tuck everlasting, x-men, and/or Percy Jackson) and you like to know the story behind a strange photo then you will love this. As a first novel I think this is spectacular.  And I look forward to what I hope by the somewhat cliffhanger ending will be more to come. It is a little more young adult orientated than adult but can be enjoyed by either.
B006UG90RM|5.0|I was never the biggest Halen fan growing up, but i did like them a lot. I was one of the more heavy abrasive metal fans. I've played in two bands, one that was signed, so heavy music is my forte'. I've always thought Eddie was definitely the catalyst (other than Hendrix) of wild outside the box crazy guitar playing. I'm a big Joe Satriani fan, but i do realize without Eddie there would have probably not been a Joe. At least the one we know today. I've liked both versions of Halen, the Roth days were the heaviest and had some of the best guitar work Eddie has ever put down, my favorite being the first record. Around 86 or so with the release of 5150 we heard a different, more commercial side of Van Halen, which they did touch on, on the album 1984. So one version was just a bit \\"poppier\\" than the other. And the commercial success was a little higher with Hagar on board. Through all the years i never really knew or cared much what happened to Van Halen because frankly i just thought they blew it. I didn't even realize until about 2008 that Van Halen were still around, or that Eddie was even alive. They basically dropped off the face of the world. But now they have returned with one of their best releases to date. Hard to believe after a track like Tattoo. When i heard that i was less than impressed, but after that song, wow, it's just an endless punishment of heavy riffs, great drumming and bass playing (Wolfy is a real beast and IMO puts Michael Anthony to shame). Then again he is the son of Eddie Van Halen. So here are the songs track by track as most of you readers like to see. I will note before that Roth does sound great on most tracks, while struggles a little on others, but hey the guy is 56 years old and still sounds great.  1.Tattoo-No comment, watch the video, or skip it. Not sure why it's even on the album.  2.She's The Woman-One of the many great grooving songs on the album. Great wah wah pedal intro, good lyrics, and a great chorus that definitely soundsjust like the old days. Yes this was an old demo, but it sounds even better than the original. Roth's voice sounds a bit shot, but still good. (Sounds like something off of Van Halen II).  3.China Town-An amazing Steve Vai sounding intro that skews off into a great double bass \\"I'm The One\\" sounding song. Great chops from Alex. Roth's voice sounds a bit better on this track. Great solo from Eddie, just like Van Halen 1. Which this track sounds like it came from. Also the insane bass playing of Wolfgang can be heard greatly here, especially at the end.  4.Blood and Fire-A great radio vibe type song, that reminds you of \\"Dance The Night Away\\". And other parts that have riffs that sound like parts of Panama, after the chorus. So this is a mix of Van Halen II and 1984. Roth's voice sounds great on this track.  5.Bullethead-A total balls out, \\"On Fire\\" type track, minus the crazy Roth screams. Not much else to say, just a straight forward song with great riffs and solos. Decent Chorus.  6.As Is-Great drum and heavy guitar intro. Probably the heaviest on the album. Then the song takes off on a \\"Hot For Teacher\\" meets \\"Source Of Infection\\" speedy direction. Very good chorus, although the production is a little muddy on this one. So it's a bit hard to understand some of the lyrics. Great solos as usual. And the guys all singing together makes you not even really miss, Michael Anthony.  7.Honeybabysweetiedoll-Definitely not the song you would expect. It sounds very much like one of Joe Satriani's middle eastern solo songs. Eddie goes as far to even use the whammy pedal, for the high pitched notes. A tribute to Joe? Or jealousy? Perhaps (wink). Either way it's a good song, except Roth's talking can get a little tedious after a while. This is really a new direction for VH, so it's really hard to compare it to anything of old. Also one of the heaviest riffs on the album.  8.The Trouble With Never-Many are comparing this to an old Extreme song, with Nuno Betencourt. Because ofit's beginning blues riff. It does have it's similarities, but is it's own entity. Very much like a song from \\"Fair Warning\\" or \\"Women and Children First\\". Has a great classic sounding Halen chorus, although again Roth talking really adds nothing to the song.  9.Outta Space-Another straight ahead rocker that sounds like something from Van Halen 1 or II. Roth's voice shines on this track, i really think he's just getting it back into form. Not that he's really lost, he just needs to get back into the groove. Pretty simple song.  10.Stay Frosty-The most talked about song on the album as being Ice Cream Many part II. Which is what it is with much more mature lyrics. Even though i'm not really sure exactly what Dave's talking about. But when you listen to him talk in interviews your not really sure either. Great 50's type dance song, great guitar, and the classic VH old school rock ending.  11.Big River-One of the more radio friendly songs which i like a lot. Starts out with a great clean guitar, then goes off into a Running With The Devil bass groove rhythm. Sounds fresh and new although it could have been on an album from the Hagar years. He actually may have sounded better than Roth on it. Great song. Much more upbeat than the other tracks.  12.Beat's Workin'-Much more of a modern style VH song, with some old elements. And some great drum work from Alex. This is probably a clue to what the next VH album will sound like (if there is one). Roth really does struggle a bit to much on this track. Even though the chorus is catchy.  13.You And Your Blues-Accidently skipped this song, has the old classic VH sound with the usual blues laden licks from Eddie. Nothing really to special, although it is a very catchy tune.  If you have the special edition with the DVD acoustic sessions you'll get to enjoy, Panama, You And Your Blues, and Beautiful Girls, a nice little bonus. Although Roth looks like he's working for the railroad some of the things he does are pretty humorous. Andhe's definitely a show man, even when he's sitting down.  So VH have returned with a treat for the ears after nearly 30 years (without Diamond Dave). Some people like it, some people think it's to old school, which i thought that's what people wanted?? I for one am very happy to see some actual good music come out, where the guys \\"really\\" know how to play their instruments. I may only be 36, but it's time to show these young turds out there how to rock. And to those disrespecting Chickenfoot, oh well, i like them both. Sammy definitely can out sing roth and he's about 8 years older. Joe is a better song writer, and overall technical guitarist than Eddie, but then again, Eddie started it all. So A Different Kind Of Truth is a stellar album, especially in this day and age. So don't expect to get bored, because you definitely won't here. It's rocks, just as good as any of the old stuff. Later.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is nicely put together. Gameplay is smooth, and there's enough thinking to make it a little challenging, but little enough to keep it fun.  The version in the Amazon market contains the new levels. There are hundreds of levels, so you get a lot of entertainment for your dollar. A great buy.
B0071T5PN0|5.0|I'm giving this 5 stars to encourage the band.  The album is not perfect.  It's overly compressed and too 'loud', in that EVERYTHING is up to 11 ALL THE TIME.  There are no dynamics whatsoever on this album, and the players and arrangements themselves don't see to be giving each other much room, which is unfortunate. That sort of production is what the mp3 marketplace dictates these days, though, and it doesn't surprise me that Van Halen played it 'safe' in this regard.  The 'invisible member' Ted Templeman, who gave them their sound in their hey-day, is sorely missed here, by me at least!<br /><br />**Addendum:  After listening to the album again with a good pair of headphones, I would tone down my criticism in this regard a good deal.  The production is growing on me.  The initial was my first impression through car speakers.<br /><br />And yes, I miss Michael Anthony too.  His spirit, playing, vocals and untold other contributions to the making of a Van Halen album are sorely missed.<br /><br />That having been said...<br /><br />This is the FIRST honest-to-goodness Van Halen album I've heard since '1984'.  I'm clearly Roth-biased, but the first Hagar album was inspired and I give him full props for that.  Cherone could have been great, but tried too hard in all the wrong directions, performance-wise, and just didn't have the songwriting chops and schtick that Roth has.  Nonetheless, his was the best and most versatile voice the group ever had, but in pop music, CHARACTER trounces quality every time and rightfully so.  Roth has character in spades, which is why he was always both tremendously successful AND exceedingly hard to work with!<br /><br />THAT having been said...<br /><br />WELCOME BACK VAN HALEN!  Wolfgang's chops on the bass sound truly inspired, and he's locking in with Alex's drumming much as well as his beloved predecessor, so cheers to him.  Eddie has some new sonic surprises on his guitar, even if none of them are likely to cause the sort of curiosity rush as his first forays into volume swelling pinch harmonic dive-bombing tapdom.<br /><br />As I said in the title, Roth's contributions here are very reminiscent of his Eat 'Em And Smile (which I love) album along with some of the darkness of Fair Warning.  There are no back-seat make-out anthems here or ode's to working mothers or whatever else it was that they were going on about all through the 90's.  Roth was as critical a part of the Van Halen sound as Lennon or McCartney was to that of the Beatles, and it is GREAT to have him back!  He's older, though, and not quite as poignant and funny as he used to be, lyric wise, and I could *REALLY* do without any more of the monotone rumbly raps.  SING for f***'s sake!  Find a melody and run with it.  Overall, the frequent torrents of words work in terms of musical alliteration, but could stand a serious paring down for impact and clarity. I say, if the lyric doesn't merit shouting or singing from the roof-tops, then chuck it, but that's me.<br /><br />Alex's drumming is over the top in his usual enjoyable and inimitable style, and he seems to lock in with Wolfgang very nicely.  I hope what I'm hearing there (in terms of their locking in together) is real, and not just something stitched together on the timeline with a mouse in Pro Tools!  A live performance will tell the tale in that regard.<br /><br />I have kids of my own, and while I really think Michael Anthony should be in there instead, I can perfectly respect Eddie's enthusiasm for getting his son involved.  Wolfgang also locks in some very sophisticated bass lines with some of his father's noodling, much as Billy Sheehan did with Steve Vai on Eat 'em And Smile.  It's done to great effect here and shows that these players are looking forward and not just sitting back to re-create a patented or tried-and-true 'sound'.  They're exploring and having some fun, but doing it on their own terms.  This is great and I urge them to keep going!<br /><br />Whether this marks a new era or turns out to be your swan song album, it's a very well done and inspired piece of work indeed.  I'll be the first to admit that a lot of my enthusiasm stems from some very low expectations, but this is a very listenable and entertaining effort.  Welcome back, gentlemen!of work indeed.  I'll be the first to admit that a lot of my enthusiasm stems from some very low expectations, but this is a very listenable and entertaining effort.  Welcome back, gentlemen!
0470449748|4.0|I purchased these as a recommendation from a friend, honestly the book didn't do much for me.  What I really was able to utilize was the CD that comes with the book.  The CD has practice tests and since the tests are computerized it gets you pretty acquainted and lets you know what you need to work on for the exam.  This helped me improve my score from a 550 (first practice test) up to a 630 (actual test score).  Overall I think anybody thinking about taking the GMAT should buy this book just for the CD.
0545425115|1.0|I don't care what anyone says because I am a stubborn SOB when i discover a book i read back in my freshman year is just being released again but with a different title and taking place in thee future. My girlfriend started reading these series a while back and she lend me the first book to my surprise about 50 pages in i started saying to myself \\"Damn this book kinda sounds familar to a story i had read before\\" I couldnt remember then one night when i reached about 175 pages in that this was the exact same story from a book i read back in 2007 called BATTLE ROYALE the book had the same concept besides the fact 21 males and 21 females were taken to compete in a survival game that was televised and that there was love, friendship, hope involved in the story. JEEEEZZZZ even the ending of the HUNGER GAMES involves the 2 kids getting on a trian which is how BATTLE ROYALE ends when two of the kids run away from the authorites on a train. 1 star rating for making money off a book that was already made and a movie that was already made 12 years ago.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app is great for those users that are. picky because there are so many games to choose from. I would really encourage everyone to at least give this app a shot.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I was surprised at how much fun this game really is. It has different modes to suit your tastes. I love them all. I play this game at least three times a day- that's how addicting it is for me.
B004QZ9PLU|5.0|I would have to say that this is one of his best books. I could not put it down and like always cried because of the love described in the story!!
B004Y12S9W|5.0|Looking for ways to extend our viewing pleasure with our new HDTV and our new iPhone4s what could be better than a 1080 direct connection through this Apple Digital AV Adapter.  And at less than 1/2 the cost of going through Apple.
146999769X|5.0|read this book in my youth, and i am so glad to have rediscovered it again in mid-life. if you need to be reminded just what type of knowledge is important? this is the book for you. from prince, to renunciant, to kama sutra student, to accountant, drunkard... river whisperer...i love this book!!! a must read, even for a second or third time.
B006AZZPCM|5.0|Thank you for keeping this app in your store Amazon!  very useful app, works great with soundhound/shazam. The what's that song moment turns into having it saved on my phone as MP3 in minutes! Thanks Tubemate!
B004VD3YIM|5.0|The app works great, I've been using it for awhile now. And it works great with my hootoo camera at home and my cisco camera at work.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Adele's voice is quite simply a gift from God.  Became a fan within seconds of hearing one of her songs for first time - Rolling In The Deep.
B005I6EVUG|5.0|Beautiful color and functional, would like to have a place to store the pen, there is room for a loop inside and a place for owner information.
B006PHD0RW|5.0|I love this game i play it at work and school all the time! Its so addicting Thanks so much
B000KIPT30|5.0|well what can I say.  it takes a signal and splits it 4 ways offering output at HP level. genius.  I bought it for my church since we're going the HP monitoring route and this was my best bet against the super over priced shure/senheiser/audio technica overpriced systems. I paired this up with the MA400 and it works great. hook up an xlr straight from the DI and voila, you got both inputs with separate control. like I said. genius.
B0046HA26K|5.0|I bout these to replace a very old pair of Asics shoes.....I have worn Brooks before and know that they are very high quality shoes.....These shoes are very comfortable and the sizing is exact.....I would recommend these shoes to all!!!!!
B003H6KRIE|5.0|I purchased this as a gift for Christmas.  From what the recipient told me, he is thrilled! He loves all the movies.  Plus all the extras and bonus clips that are included are also a hit.  Plus you can't beat Amazon's price for all three on BluRay :)
B004SD5GZ4|3.0|Not a huge fan of pdf files, but if you need to read em... it works.  Can't wait for html 5 to become the standard so I won't have to deal with flash player.
0812550706|5.0|This book was simply amazing.  It was more than enough to get me to read the entire series despite the fact that none of the others are as brilliant.  I'm not a huge fan of re-reading books, but this is definitely one I will.  Can't recommend this book enough.  AMAZING.
B0061QD82E|5.0|If it weren't an animated feature, and was a contemporary live action romantic comedy/drama, Lady and the Tramp could very well star, for instance, Jake Gyllenhaal or Ryan Reynolds with Reese Witherspoon or Jennifer Aniston.<br /><br />\\"She's a well-bred, meticulous looker but a little naive and a bit of a control freak! He's a sloppy, jaunty hunk who lives on a lots of friends' couches and has trouble committing to one person! Over the course of the movie, she learns to lighten up and he learns the value of a responsible relationship! A popular song plays as they head back to the city from Central Park or hop on the cable car with the Golden Gate bridge in the distance! Or any number of variations on the same story!\\"<br /><br />Even though it was released over 50 years ago and occasionally betrays its era (the baby bottles in the window, stereotyped incidental characters that were \\"safer\\" in their day than now), Lady and the Tramp is, in many ways, more sophisticated, witty and -- dare I say -- sexier than some of today's wafer-thin incarnations.<br /><br />Come on, that spaghetti scene. It predates the eating scene in Tom Jones by several years. Lady and Tramp awake in the morning after a night out, followed by a scene in which her neighbor dogs Jock and Trusty propose marriage to her. Sure, it's so she has a roof over her head (the annoying Aunt Sarah has put her outside) but it suggests they're trying to make her an honest woman.<br /><br />I thought I was really stretching things by suggesting that last assumption, so you can imagine my surprise when several Disney artists and historians say just about the same thing on one of the bonus features! Movies were changing in 1955, and Walt might not have made Lady and the Tramp in quite the same way had the war not prevented it from going into production a decade or so sooner.<br /><br />All underlying meanings aside, Lady and the Tramp is one of Disney's biggest consistent crowd pleasers, as is evidenced by the fact that this supposedly \\"old\\" movie is neck in neck with the latest Twilight movie for the number one sales spot (as if this writing the Blu-ray has edged out its rival). The story is brisk, relatable (the idea of being \\"replaced\\" in someone's heart worked so well for Toy Story, too) and it is visually stunning. Everything has a handsome sheen on it, capturing a Main Street, U.S.A. idyll that Walt was simultaneously creating for his Disneyland Park.<br /><br />On the new diamond edition Blu-ray, this detail and color are nothing short of breathtaking -- even in seemingly simple scenes like one in which Lady walks upstairs and various carpet and wallpaper patterns go off in maddening directions, yet perfectly in perspective. It's the Alice in Wonderland look, but sane.<br /><br />Perhaps no other Disney animated film features a larger cast of iconic voice talents who had shone in radio and were moving into television, including Grammy winning comedy giant Stan Freberg as the Beaver (Freberg shows us how he does the whistle voice in a bonus feature).<br /><br />Alan Reed, soon to become immortalized as the original Fred Flintstone, is Boris the Russian wolfhound. Verna Felton, who would grace many a Disney feature, moving effortlessly from villainy to benevolence, would soon be Fred's mother-in-law. Dal McKennon (Gumby, The Archie Show, Epcot's American Adventure) plays several roles, one that sounds much like his Mr. Weatherbee at Riverdale High.<br /><br />And doing the most voices of all, almost heard in every scene, is the underrated Bill Thompson, whose most famous voice embodied the White Rabbit and Jock for Disney, as well as Droopy for MGM and Touch&eacute; Turtle for Hanna-Barbera.<br /><br />This is also the first Disney animated feature with a starring lead. Before Billy Joel, Elton John or Phil Collins became part of Disney projects, pop goddess Peggy Lee was brought aboard to add a creative imprint unlike anything Walt had ever so graciously welcomed.<br /><br />Even though Lady and the Tramp isn't a musical in the traditional sense, Lee's presence is felt throughout, either through songs she wrote with Sonny Burke or any of her four voices (the breakout being the torchy Peg, who's a cross between Mae West and Jimmy Cagney.<br /><br />As per the usual custom, most of the classic DVD features from the 2006 Platinum Edition DVD have been moved to the Blu-ray. The Blu-ray now has an Audio Commentary (thank you!) and the nifty \\"second screen\\" feature that allows you to gather further behind the scenes treasures from your laptop while the disc plays on your player. There's also a deleted song that Tramp was going to sing called \\"Free as the Breeze.\\"<br /><br />By the way, if you're interested in such wonderful songs that were deleted from Disney classics, you'll want to check out Russell Schroeder's superb, illustrated Disney's Lost Chords, Volume One and Volume Two.ither through songs she wrote with Sonny Burke or any of her four voices (the breakout being the torchy Peg, who's a cross between Mae West and Jimmy Cagney.  As per the usual custom, most of the classic DVD features from the 2006 Platinum Edition DVD have been moved to the Blu-ray. The Blu-ray now has an Audio Commentary (thank you!) and the nifty \\"second screen\\" feature that allows you to gather further behind the scenes treasures from your laptop while the disc plays on your player. There's also a deleted song that Tramp was going to sing called \\"Free as the Breeze.\\"  By the way, if you're interested in such wonderful songs that were deleted from Disney classics, you'll want to check out Russell Schroeder's superb, illustrated Disney's Lost Chords, Volume One and Volume Two.
B000WQW988|5.0|Unplugged was a great series, and Nirvana was particularly good in this format.  When volume is backed off, more sensitivity seems to come through. Just get it.
0399230033|5.0|After reading this book to my granddaughter, who was 23 months old at the time, she entertained a room full of people with her dramatic retelling of this story.  The pictures are so vivid, and she could fully understand what was being read to her.  A WONDERFUL book, and, as a former Reading Specialist and Elementary School Administrator, I can highly recommend this book for all preschool children.
0525423656|1.0|Alright the first book in this trilogy was AWESOME, this second book is AWFUL, so that means I will not be geeked up or in a hurry to read the third when it comes out..<br /><br />The characters, the main characters, Ky, and Cassia, I didn't recognize them at all. The new characters that you will meet here are just as \\"meh\\"<br /><br />The execution of this book, and the events that occured were not interesting, suspensful, nothing.. I mean I did not care about anything that was going on here. The writing was sloppy and choppy. All I cared about was that I reached the end of this book cos I bought it..<br /><br />There are so many angles leaving off from the first book, that Ms Condie could have taken with this one.. But no, she chose to go another way. It almost felt forced. Like she lost sight of the very people she was writing about. And was stumbling in the dark herself, trying to find them again. The only thing worth finding out in this one, was Xander's place in all of this. And the way this was revealed, wasn't even all that either. Reading this book for me, was like watching paint dry.<br /><br />I do not want to give anything away with this book for those who have yet to read it. If you are determined to see this trilogy through, then yes I guess you should read it. But if you are expecting to be reunited with those you fell in love with, and grew to care for in the first book, don't expect that with this one. You will be disappointed.<br /><br />Now because I loved the first book so much I know that I will read the third in this trilogy. But like I said, I just will not be in a hurry to get my hands on it. It will definitely be at the bottom of my \\"to read\\" pile.
B006ON41FC|3.0|This game is a really good one. everyone is saying that the open feint automatically loads scores and stuff but.. it doesn't. you can change that. but I want it to be a 3 1/2  because sometimes it slows down or freezes for like 3-5 seconds and when it plays, you crash into a tree. In the end, its a god game.  I highly recommend it.
B002EWD0I6|5.0|LARK RISE TO CANDLEFORD is The Beeb's answer to such dramas as \\"Little House on the Prairie\\" and \\"Road to Avonlea\\".  Based on several autobiographical volumes from Flora Thompson, the series is a gentle echo of a long-vanished time when community spirit and family values weren't so hard to come by as they seem to be now.<br /><br />Concerned about the future of their eldest daughter Laura (Olivia Hallinan) in their small village of Lark Rise, Robert and Emma Timmins (Brendan Coyle and Claudie Blakley) arrange for the girl to go to work at the post office in the neighbouring market town of Candleford.  The post office and adjoining forge are both run with acute precision by Emma's cousin, Dorcas Lane (Julia Sawalha), one of the town's leading personalities.  As Laura literally steps into an entirely new world, she learns all about the lives of the Candleford residents on her daily mail run.<br /><br />Spinster sisters Pearl and Ruby Pratt (Matilda Ziegler and Victoria Hamilton) run the town's most fashionable shop and are as nosey and snobbish as they are full of long-buried family scandals.  Caroline Arless (Dawn French) from Lark Rise is always getting into trouble with debt-collectors because of her reckless spending habits, whilst Laura's childhood romance with Caroline's son Alf (John Dagleish) soon evaporates because of Laura's busy schedule.  The twin communities of Lark Rise and Candleford are connected not only through the post office, but by local magistrate Sir Timothy Midwinter (Ben Miles) and his wife Lady Adelaide (Olivia Grant).  Their marriage is troubled by Adelaide's feverish quest to have a baby and the unresolved adolescent courtship of Dorcas and Timothy, which Adelaide increasingly regards as a direct threat to her happiness.<br /><br />The performances are perfection.  Her earlier roles in \\"Pride & Prejudice\\" and \\"Cranford\\" notwithstanding, who would have ever pegged Julia Sawalha (\\"clinically-depressed budgerigar\\" Saffy from \\"Absolutely Fabulous\\") as the prim leading lady of a weekly period drama series?  Dorcas Lane is the pivot from which most of the drama unfolds in this series and she more than holds her own as one of the great heroines.  I adore her.  Brendan Coyle's Robert Timmins is the stoic, loving father figure but the writing also explores his faults and shortcomings with great skill.  \\"Vicar of Dibley\\" fans will be pleasantly surprised with the onscreen reunion of Dawn French and Liz Smith - who plays Dorcas' crusty old housekeeper Zillah.  You'll no doubt find your own favourite characters.<br /><br />Four DVD set with 10 episodes plus a 30-minute \\"Making Of\\" featurette.  Sheer bliss for lovers of costume/period drama.us\\") as the prim leading lady of a weekly period drama series?  Dorcas Lane is the pivot from which most of the drama unfolds in this series and she more than holds her own as one of the great heroines.  I adore her.  Brendan Coyle's Robert Timmins is the stoic, loving father figure but the writing also explores his faults and shortcomings with great skill.  \\"Vicar of Dibley\\" fans will be pleasantly surprised with the onscreen reunion of Dawn French and Liz Smith - who plays Dorcas' crusty old housekeeper Zillah.  You'll no doubt find your own favourite characters.<br /><br />Four DVD set with 10 episodes plus a 30-minute \\"Making Of\\" featurette.  Sheer bliss for lovers of costume/period drama.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|Angry Birds Rio is a great game based on the movie Rio. It is very fun and addicting, and just as great as Where's My Water, which is the other review I wrote. Overall, this is an awesome game.:)
B006ON41FC|3.0|agree with the other reviews that the game is entertaining, but would opt to decline open feint connection.  fun graphics, good controls
B006JPS1OM|4.0|I think its a great game you should get it but I need help on that 3rd thing with the book. thanks!
B006ON41FC|3.0|the game itself is very fun but the music that is played is annoying and you cant turn it off unless you turn down your volume.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|def worth the download....I play it all the time...only hint is a lot of the games are similar but they're still fun.
B006ON41FC|5.0|I like this game its fun for kids and family thank you its a lot of fun with mom and dad
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Very fun!!! I like this app a lot, and I have fun compentitions with my family. Happy that they always add new games. Get this app.
B006ON41FC|5.0|addictive great challenges<br />quick play with no learning curve. great for the whole family.<br />I would totally recommend this app.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this is such a fun app! you collect points to buy new games and its just so much fun! I would regimens this app to anyone.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I found the app very easy to use and it works well. I also downloaded this app for friends and my mom and they all like it as well.
0061714402|3.0|I truly looked forward to this memoir when I heard it was coming out & although it took me awhile to get to it, my<br />must read stack is awfully tall these days; once I cracked it open, the pages flew by, in this candid, self revealing & very readable, auto-bio of a gifted, but greatly damaged metal veteran.<br />Alot of the commoningly known history of \\"Damaged Dave\\" made more sense after this read, Interestingly,  his lyrical messages within his/Megadeth's music & his thoughts within the book seemed to contradict one another, time & time again, reinforcing the old adage: \\"don't believe everything you hear\\" (aka: He is as genuine as a show biz act can be!). It's no small wonder he got the boot from the Metallica boys all those years ago, as he truly out classes them in the bottom feeder department. After reading this memoir, I find it a wonder anyone will play with him in any band, or that he could be in a relationship of any kind, having so little respect for himself, let alone a partner. His arrogance is again reflected in his nation damaging, right-winger politics which loom up from page to page. I have already recommended this book to alot of others, especially fellow musicians, after which alot of us seem to be unable to listen to Megadeth anymore. Thankfully, besides creating music ourselves, there are alot other more genuine folks out there, to make up from the loss of Megadeth from our collections...
B004SD5GZ4|5.0|I use it all the time I use it tot school and lots of other stuff this is do worth five stars
3257229534|5.0|I purchased this book for my cousin who read the English version first. Then I sent the German version. German is her first language.  She loved both.  However, she said it had so much more meaning and was so much better in German.
B0064X7FVE|4.0|I don't use   The weather channel a lot but the times I used it is awesome lots of info on it
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I bought it with my Kindle Touch 6\\", I loved it, it looks really nice, and protects it very well. I am more than pleased with it.
B004GJDQT8|3.0|Its pretty good but I don't normally buy stuff over the web its hard to judge it but I order stuff sometimes and its worth three stars
0385344228|4.0|You'll love this book if you want something that is difficult to put down. Landay is an outstanding storyteller with a great story to tell. He had me all the way until the end. I wanted a different ending, but the fact that I've been thinking about the story since I put it down pretty much says it all.
B005R32L66|3.0|I have never really used skype but my family has tired it and they liked it I really don't know what else to say about it
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|This is a good buy for those Megadeth fans and even those that are not.  I have been listening to Dave Mustaine since the early Metallica days.  A lot of people talk a lot of smack about Megadeth but one thing is for certain they still kick a**.  Good ole Dave and the boys show that you don't have to do ballads and sell out like some other metal bands.  Well, overall I think 13 will satisfy it may not be their best but it is worth adding to the metal collection.  So buy it, put it in, turn it up and start shredding.
0062082353|2.0|Chris Kyle is a great sniper but a lousy writer.He starts a paragraph with a great topic and ends it quickly.I have over fifty war books, mostly VietNam, This is the worse written one I have read.It becomes very hard to finish the book.
B006ON41FC|5.0|It's simple, but fun. New goals keep it interesting. The upgrades that you can &quot;buy&quot; with the nuts you're attained are a little pricey, but bonuses for leveling up help with that.
B0061QD82E|3.0|i bought this bluray for my girl friend, both of us hadnt seen this movie in ages, first few minutes all is fine and then the Tramp shows up sporting a new brown coat. this would have been fine,a little off putting but fine had he not changed colors drastically throughout the film the most noticible to me is the first time seing him compaired to him at cristmas where he matches the color of his new born son (a very light grey) at other times such as at night he is a very dark grey or brown, but these arnt the only instances practically the entire movie every time you see the tramp he is a diffrent color
B0063GORYU|5.0|this is a nice simple classic game. no crappy addon things. just a nice classic. i love the game and highly recommend
B005V20JKI|5.0|woo hop foo woo quip. a it an is Pi good Hay 1aa a a a a a a a a a a
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I use it everyday for the read the Bible in 1 year program. I started the program 2 years ago with a hardback book version and only made it through April. I know I will make it through the whole year this time because of how simple inconvenient it is to use. I also like how you can have multiple versions of the Bible download it simultaneously; makes it easier for cross referencing.
