0385338732|4.0|A young woman wakes up in a hospital bed with no memory of the previous 3 years.  The last thing that is fairly clear was getting drunk with friends after a day of disastrous occurences. When she looks in the mirror she wonders how she \\"suddenly\\" has perfect teeth, hair, and body?  She find  discovers thatmarried to a picture perfect husband, living in the perfect loft, with a dream job and a life she could never have done anything but dreamed of.  On top of all that, all her best friends are strangely remote.<br />This is a fun, frivolous tale that is both engaging and  charming!  Sophie Kinsella never disappoints!
B0026NWBY2|1.0|This bulls*** is \\"the collection we deserve\\"?!? Not only does it waste space on THREE inferior live versions of Beatles classics, but also an utterly forgettable (though somehow Grammy-winning)instrumental, and a very minor song somehow getting the TITLE spot... what the f***?!?    I suppose it's par for the course... I mean, look at the other compilation that George himself didn't have a hand in putting together, the abysmal \\"The Best of George Harrison\\" from 1976...    The collection we actually deserve would be a two disc affair with the following tracklist:    Disc One:  01 - What is Life  02 - My Sweet Lord  03 - Art of Dying  04 - Isn't it a Pity  05 - Beware of Darkness  06 - All Things Must Pass  07 - If Not for You  08 - Bangla Desh  09 - Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)  10 - Try Some, Buy Some  11 - Sue Me, Sue You Blues  12 - Living in the Material World  13 - So Sad  14 - Dark Horse  15 - The Answer's at the End  16 - You  17 - This Song  18 - Crackerbox Palace    Disc Two  01 - Love Comes to Everyone  02 - Not Guilty  03 - Blow Away  04 - All Those Years Ago  05 - Dream Away  06 - Gone Troppo  07 - Wake Up My Love  08 - That's the Way it Goes  09 - I Don't Want to Do It  10 - This is Love  11 - When We Was Fab  12 - Cloud 9  13 - Devil's Radio  14 - Got My Mind Set on You  15 - Handle With Care [Traveling Wilburys]  16 - Cheer Down  17 - Any Road  18 - Rising Sun  19 - Stuck Inside a Cloud  20 - Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea    Just download those songs individually and you'll have a collection actually WORTH paying for that is actually representative of George's fantastic solo output.    EDIT: For all the people commenting that I shouldn't give this one star when I list most of the tracklist in my preferred collection, please take a minute to understand that I am commenting on the very odd and somewhat incoherent track order and the fact that for the second time Beatles songs are wasting space on a post-Beatles compilation! I feel thatfrom the tracklist and horrid cover (surely a photo from well AFTER 1964 would be more appropriate, hell, make it after 1970 as well!) shows this obviously to be a cash grab.
0307266303|5.0|I read this book with a healthy degree of skepticism; and, though the interpretation of facts are sometimes disputable, the book was one fantastic and inspiring read. It arrived in the mail yesterday afternoon; I finished it this morning; I could not put it down. When I did finish reading it, I laced up my shoes and ran eight miles, two more than planned for the day. I even counted my steps per minute at one point... (it's in the book).    \\"Born to Run\\" is funny, informative and even spiritual. There is a well balanced blend of humorous, fast-paced storyline and summaries of interesting research. I was most surprised to learn that the characters are real and have done what the author contends that they have done.    I truly hope the book makes the New York Times best seller list; if it does then the author will know that he has inspired many people. Given the pandemic of inactivity that may one day mark an evolutionary transition for our species, it is clear that people around the world need to be inspired to be more active. For my money, no one has provided the needed inspiration better than McDougall as he shows us something very fundamental about our genetic make-up as well as how non-competitive and crazy running can be.    One of the 4 star reviewers makes an excellent point, the book should have a bibliography. I have followed-up on some of the information in McDougall's book through the internet, but a list of primary sources would be helpful.
1439138311|4.0|The writing throughout this novel was beautiful and lyrical as it tells the story of Eilis, a young girl who leaves her home in Ireland, alone, for a life in Brooklyn in the 1950s. Eilis didn't want to leave Ireland; she left because her financially strapped widowed mother and older sister wanted her to go and Eilis wanted to make them happy. She never expressed her own feelings or once told them she wanted to stay.     That set the tone for Eilis's character, a young woman who couldn't say \\"no\\" and would not tell people what she wanted or felt if it might make them unhappy. Her new life was planned for her by her mother, her sister and an Irish priest in Brooklyn, who arranged for her passage to America, a job, a room in a boarding house, and classes at Brooklyn College. It was all a bleak existence to be endured, except for the classes. She enjoyed the classes.     It's unfortunate that Eilis came of age at least a decade before women's assertiveness training became the thing to do, because if anybody ever needed to learn to assert herself, Eilis did. She had every opportunity to mature and develop her independance in America, but Eilis remains weak to the point of martyrdom.      I have to say the ending made me so mad that I wanted to throw the book across the room then walk over and stomp on it. I began to appreciate it only in hind-sight, as I realize the author has kept Eilis true to character to the end.     Even with a protagonist I wouldn't be able to tolerate in real life (unless I could slap some sense into her), I have to highly recommend this book. It's so beautifully written, I had every intention of giving it five stars until its abrupt and unsatisfying final few pages, and the author has done an amazing job of getting inside Eilis's head.
0060825219|4.0|Wonderful transaction. I was very happy with the condition of the book. I would recommend this seller.
1572815612|5.0|I love the idea of tarot(divination) and hated the traditional Rider Waite feeling it was too harsh on the eyes. This deck is softer,easier to look at. The booklet is helpful for additional information for readings. This was my first tarot deck and most used. I recommend this as a first deck for beginners as I feel the images lend themselves to the messages that the cards are intended to portray.
0061767581|5.0|I bought this book yesterday the day it was released and I was so hooked that I have managed to read the entire book in less than 24 hours. It is very well written and easy to read. Can't wait for the 2nd book to come out!
B001R4KQDE|5.0|Awesome picture and sound. Don't hasitate because its a black/white movie, its striking in visuals. If you loved the book, you will love this tranfer. A must buy
0553381687|5.0|I had really questioned whether I wanted to get involved reading another series of epic fantasy fiction, having quit reading in the genre 10 years ago (about the time I decided as far as I was concerned that the late Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time had gone on long enough). Coming back to reading fantasy was made easier by my desire to have something longer and simple enough that if I read it while working out at the gym, that it'd keep me distracted and I'd still be able to follow the action.<br /><br />I was disheartened, at first, thinking that there's simply too much detail, too much dialogue, too much dragging of the heels in the more medieval than fantastic, monster and magic-free world that Martin was creating. The build up in epic fantasy sometimes takes a little while, but here it's ultimately very well rewarded. The hook, for me, came about a third of the way through, when the first \\"mystery/tragedy\\" comes about. From that point on, Martin satisfied me as a reader on a regular basis, creating tension about one happening and then relieving it in another, repeating that action until finally granting a huge shock. Martin is no timid writer. He will not feign away from killing off a major character that he (and me, as a reader) has already invested a fair amount of time and positive feelings in. Tragic flaws will be punished here, for better or for worse, have no doubt.<br /><br />In the end, I ended up using a couple very well spent days of my summer vacation sitting on the porch just immersed in reading this. The second half of the book takes hold of you and it's very hard to put it down. The characters become completely compelling and the reader is propelled through the storytelling, wishfully hoping, sometimes being rewarded for it and sometimes having those hopes dashed to the point of tragedy.<br /><br />I cannot recommend this book enough. It is excellent and the reader who commits to it will not walk away unsatisfied.
0312370849|4.0|There are actually two protagonists in this story. I like the way the main character is researched from the 'modern day' character. I guess the French were 'forced' to do these things, but how could they?!. I guess if they refused, they would be shot or their familes would be shot.<br />This 'roundup' of the jewish people to be sent to the camps happaned in most of the European counties.This story is very sad, [not to give the plot away] but has a bitter-sweet ending. The author did alot of background research for this novel. It is worth a read.
B000002J1U|4.0|Overall, \\"III\\" is an awesome album. \\"Bron-Y-Aur Stomp\\" is probably my fave Zep track of all time. BUt... this album si brought down by a few boring tracks like \\"Tangerine\\" and one or two others.
B002BAWIWU|5.0|We all have our favorite Dark Horse songs.  I love Beware the Darkness. Love that song. If Not For You is a close second for me.  Also love Apple Scruffs.  Fortunately, I have the Remastered version of All Things Must Pass.  Since we are in the digital age, I can basically ignore Let It Roll as a stand alone album and now work on creating my own mix of my favorite Harrison songs with digitally remastered versions.  You have to love the digital age.      But please do not mistake me, DO NOT mess with All Things Must Pass!!!  You must get the remastered version and listen to it in the proper order.  It's incredible.  I have to admit that I am blown away by some of the remastered versions of older music.  I really would love to go back and re-purchase a lot of my music collection but I simply cannot afford to do that and therefore must settle for a few select pieces and then going ape over a \\"greatest hits\\" collection.  Accordingly, if you are like me and you love George Harrison but you already have most of these songs from older CDs, tapes, etc., then this is well worth ten bucks to grab some great sounding Harrison tunes.     Sure it's missing a lot - Poor Little Girl (love that song), That's the Way It Goes (how fitting for today - but I don't want to get political!), Life Itself, Crackerbox Palace (how was this excluded?), Here Comes The Moon, Love Comes to Everyone,Wreck of the Hesperus, That's What It Takes, Fish on The Sand, the aforementioned Beware The Darkness, If Not For You, and Apple Scruffs.  There are dozens more. Of course I'm not including any Wilbury's material which has a heavy Dark House sound to it and is among my most often played music.     My advice basically boils down to the following:  Buy this set.  Buy it. But ignore it as a stand alone CD.  Collect some of your other favorite Harrison songs digitally remastered and make your own mix of your favorite Harrison songs.  That's what the digital age is all about and this is a great way to get agood jump on digitally remastered Harrison material.  Just promise yourself you will sometimes pass over your mix and listen to a studio album as the artist intended!  Don't forget to work on adding All Things Must Pass digitally remastered (sounds incredible) and of course the remastered Traveling Wilburys.      As long as I'm talking about Harrison I also feel the need to mention that one of my very favorite songs ever done is off The Concert For George two disc collection and is \\"The Inner Light\\" performed by Jeff Lynne and Anoushka Shankar.  It's an incredible fusion of Harrison sound with the Shankar sound. It may not be performed by George but I include it in my Harrison playlists because it is distinctly Harrison, it is sung for and in honor of Harrison and when I listen to it I cannot help but ponder George Harrison.  I do immensely enjoy that two cd set but it may only be appropriate for the die hard Harrison fans.
B000002J03|5.0|Not much to add here, everything's already been said. One of the best albums ever made, and a slight leap in quality over the debut.
B002BAWIWU|4.0|I agree with most fans that this compilation could have been much better. The Beatles tunes should have been left off and \\"Crackerbox Palace,\\" \\"If Not For You,\\" and other songs should have been included.  Here's a question to those who've purchased it. Are the liner notes any good? Do they tell who played, where and when the tunes were recorded?
B001GM28HO|5.0|I just got this cd and I absolutely love it!! This is one of the few cds I've got,where I don't skip over half of the songs!!!! My faves include Just Dance, Pokerface, Paparazzi, Disco Heaven, Eh EH nothing else I can say, Love Game, Beautiful Dirty rich!!! Gaga is here to stay if you like really great music you can workout to, or party this is the cd for you.
B001AIRUP4|5.0|This movie is amazing on Blu Ray. I was very impressed with both the quality of the sound and picture. Definitely worth the buy.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|Excellent!<br />This is a fine package of George's songs - one that allows younger people, who weren't around when George wrote these, to appreciate George's music now that he isn't around. Young kids can't generally go out and buy all of Harrison's stuff right away -- so maybe this will give them a taste, and inspire them to look further.<br />There's a brilliance in all he did. Whether you look at his sense of humor, or the deep thinker, or the composer kicking around the minor chords to carve out a unique melody, George was brilliant.<br />It's just dumbfounding that four brilliant minds like John, Paul, George and Ringo would meet up in Liverpool and change the world.<br />Now, as to the \\"Why didn't you include 'XXXX' on this CD?\\" department... I was about to say \\"Why didn't you include 'Blow Away'\\", but it is included. But there's always 'Badge' which he co-wrote with Eric Clapton, and 'Photograph' which he co-wrote with Ringo, and 'See Yourself' which has perhaps the most introspective lyrics of any rock song ever written.  But if you want your own collection, make it. Either that or buy this.  This comes with a 28-page booklet.<br />To sum up, from one who grew up listening to all the Beatles and Harrison albums as they were released, I say this is a nice collection of George's songs, and honors George's humility by not being named \\"George Harrison's Greatest Hits\\".
B001GKJ2DY|3.0|The Bottom Line:    No one is going to mistake Mamma Mia for a terribly good movie, but if you can get past the ridiculously-flimsy excuses for songs and Pierce Brosnan's terrible singing voice, you'll probably have okay time with this well-meaning and inoffensive piece of filmmaking.    2.5/4
0393062430|2.0|Of course. It is an updated version of their best selling book [Thinking Strategically]. I  have taught an introduction to Game Theory course to college undergraduates for years and used their earlier version \\"Thinking strategically\\" as a textbook. Nalebuff and Dixit's effort on updating their classic became less than good news to college students. They put too much materials about their ABC documentary which was taken under Dr. Nalebuff's guidance while trying to put too much materials in otherwise a simple-clear book. I strongly recommend you to go to the bookstore and buy their earlier version \\"thinking strategically\\" rather than this 'confusing/messy\\" version.
B001GZ6QC4|3.0|The Bottom Line:    The Dark Knight, despite being one of the best reviewed films of 2009, does not measure up to the accolades bestowed upon it or to its prequel Batman Begins; it's poorly-plotted (the ending *actually* hinges on a magical technology that allows Batman to see what everyone in the city is doing), severely overlong at 150 minutes, inconsistent with its characters (Harvey Dent is supposed to be enraged at the death of his fiancée, yet he teams up with her murderer) and just not the gem that it is made out to be.    2.5/4
B001FB4W0W|5.0|(This review contains spoilers for several of Charlaine Harris's Southern Vampire Mysteries as a vehicle for comparing the books to the show. You have been warned.)    If you're a fan of Charlaine Harris, Alan Ball says in the commentaries you should stop watching his show and read the books. Admittedly, he does drop a few hints to book fans about what book plots and subplots he intends to explore, but no matter how much of a fan of her books he is, Alan Ball has not created a verbatim recreation of the Southern Vampire Mysteries.    I'm actually rather glad.    Like the BBC Pride & Prejudice with Colin Firth, if I wanted a book-on-tape to be visual, I would have asked for it. I want enough loyalty to the original matter to justify linking them, but I don't want a line for line reading on my television screen. Alan Ball has taken the world that Charlaine Harris created and added several of his own aspects; he's changed a few characters, added a connection here and there, and given us a world that is intended to be visual. Televisions in the background of scenes playing news interviews with Nan Flanagan, spokeswoman of the American Vampire League (vampire-rights organization) as well as ads sponsored by the Fellowship of the Sun (anti-vampire religious group) add to the full experience of a world going through another adjustment and all the prejudices associated with realizing we are not alone.    Fans of the books who want everything to be exactly the same won't find it here. However, fans who are willing to let the reins loose a little bit and see what Alan Ball (you might know the name - he created \\"Six Feet Under\\") has to offer will be pleasantly surprised. For example, Tara Thornton is not the vague entreprenurial best friend - she's a fierce, outspoken woman trying to deal with her own problems and is not just around to buffer Sookie's wardrobe malfunctions. Ball has decided not to tell the story entirely from Sookie's point of view, so we get several other characters flushed out in ways they are limited in the books simply by rote of the singular POV. Yes, this means that we get more visuals on Jason's conquests, which I could have done without, but this is HBO, so I don't dwell. In exchange for giving up all of Sookie's inner thoughts, we get a richer world and I don't think we were cheated at all.    Anna Paquin makes a good Sookie - her discomfort with normal folks, her flash-temper, and her initial fascination with vampires that quickly fades are all spot-on. Stephen Moyer plays Bill, and does a fine antiqued Southern accent (how would any of us really know? I'm making assumptions here), considering I've seen pretty much all of his work over the years and he's very English. Dialogue coaches on this show must be top shelf, as Jason (played by Ryan Kwanten) hails from Down Under and you'd never guess.    Seeing the folks I loved in the books appearing on screen is a treat, despite the sometimes unfortunate hairstyling of my personal favorite, the Viking Sheriff of Area 5, Eric Northman - played by Swede Alexander Skarsgård (I've had a crush on his dad since \\"The Hunt for Red October\\", so this revelation was a little strange for me). Pam (played by Kristin Bauer) does wear one twinset, but hasn't yet mentioned Dear Abby. Sam (Sam Trammell) is pretty much picture-perfect, and Terry Bellefleur (Todd Lowe) gets it just right.  While Ball insists that Bill & Sookie will not dissolve on screen as quickly as in the books, he does set up the competition between Bill & Eric right away, and pulls some lines verbatim, including Sookie backtalking Eric when she meets him for the first time, inspiring his interest in her as more than arm candy.    The show is fast-paced, the first season running only 12 episodes, but the books are no slowpokes either, so this isn't really an issue. One of the major plot arcs is the serial killings that appear in the first book, \\"Dead Until Dark\\", but Ball fills in the gaps with several other stories, including a more in-depth look at what Drainers like the Rattrays are selling on the black market.    Folks who've never read the books (but like a bit of vampires, social commentary, and some cable-sanctioned sexuality) will get enjoyment out of it, and as a big fan of the books, I find I'm enjoying wondering where Alan Ball will take us. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for the pink-and-aqua lycra, we don't get the hair-braiding, and chances are slim we'll get Bubba, but I'm willing to keep watching and see what Ball turns out.
B0019FOC5E|5.0|...then you will love the CD.  I liked all the music in the movie and wanted the CD so I could put the music on my ipod.
B00006690G|5.0|Eminem's The Eminem Show is very personal gives a good laugh, and makes you inspired. I have bought 3 copies of this cd since it was released in 2002. For me this is my favorite cd by Eminem. After listening to all his cd's over and over over the years i knew this was my favorite. The Eminem Show just jumps out at you. Eminem is real with his lyrics and music. This is a must have cd even if your not an Eminem fan. My favorite songs on this cd are:<br />1. White America<br />2. Cleanin Out My Closet<br />3. Without Me<br />4. Sing For The Moment<br />5. Halie's Song<br />6. When The Music Stops<br /><br />I hope everyone like's this cd some what, but it's hard to make everyone happy.
1881273156|5.0|I enjoyed reading \\"The Five Love Languages\\" by Gary Chapman and I highly recommend it as your next \\"self-help\\" style book.  The ideas presented by the book are original and insightful, and have proven to be of great worth to me.  This book is so good, in fact, that it deserves a place in everyone's library.    First some history on why I chose to read this book.  It was given to me probably 6 or 7 years ago by someone I am close to, but after discussing the book with this someone it seemed to me that they wanted me to read this so that I would see a justification for them cheating on their spouse.  I wanted nothing to do with the book from that point on.  It is likely that I still would not have read the book, but the someone passed away this past year, and I was able to finally \\"forgive\\" the book for being (to me) a symbol of their disloyalty to their spouse.  Having read the book I can see that there is certainly no way anyone can justify using the principles of the book as reasons to cheat.    The ideas of this book are probably the only truly original ideas in improving relationships that I've read since reading \\"Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus\\" by John Gray, which is interesting in part because they share the same copyright date (1992).  The ideas presented revolve around the five \\"love languages,\\" which are Acts of Service, Physical Touch, Quality Time, Receiving Gifts and Words of Affirmation.  All five are presented as having some importance, but the author claims that everyone has one of these \\"languages\\" that is their primary need in a relationship.  These languages are prefaced by a description of the \\"falling in love\\" experience and why it seems to go away.  The author argues that \\"falling in love\\" is a wonderful experience that serves to bring people together and cause the propagation of mankind but is mostly accomplished without conscious choices, whereas loving someone beyond the 2 years or so that the \\"in love\\" feeling lasts is a constant choice.  This assessment is very well supported by the author as well as by my own experience in my eleven years of marriage.  Also, the chapter on finding the love languages of your children provides a great framework for seeking to show affection to your kids in ways that they will be most open to accepting.  My wife and I still discuss the ideas in this chapter on children's love languages regularly.    I am very grateful that I was able to read \\"The Five Love Languages\\" right after it was read by my wife.  Being able to discuss this book together has lead to several positive revelations in our marriage.  For example, I enjoy some extravocational activities that take a lot of time away from home to accomplish.  In times that I've participated in these activities my wife has been frustrated and felt that I was choosing these activities because I didn't like her and didn't want to be around her.  From this, we assumed that if I just spent more time at home she would feel better, but even as my time with her increased, she did not feel more loved.  I abandoned the extravocational activities altogether, and even limited my work hours for a time, and it seemed that things were getting worse.  This was extremely frustrating for both of us.  It seemed that when I was away that all she wanted was for me to be home, but when I was home it seemed that all she wanted was for me to leave her alone.  After reading the different descriptions of the love languages, we both have come to the conclusion that what she wants is NOT quality time, but rather acts of service.  She was frustrated when I was trying to spend quality time with her, because what she really wanted was for me to help with the sweeping, the dishes, the laundry, cleaning toilets, vacuuming, yard work, changing diapers, kids' baths - all things I was neglecting so that I could spend more time with her.  I've been focusing on doing service to show my affection since this discovery, and it has made a big difference in both her feelings about my desire to participate in activities outside the home, as well as my own frustrations because now I understand how I can prioritize my time when I'm home to help her feel that I do love her.  I've also finally been able to accept that when she does acts of service for me, it is not because she thinks I am incompetent or unwilling to do the tasks, but rather she is just showing her affection in a way that is natural to her.  These changes in my attitude and perception may seem simple and obvious, but to me they were life changing.    This is a book that should be available to you on a bookshelf in your home.  It is not a thorough psychological explanation of the concepts that are presented, but the book is very well organized for understanding the concepts, and the examples given lend a great deal of support from the author's experiences that are easy to read and digest.  This book can be valuable to everyone regardless of experience, religion or state of relationship if you are willing to contemplate and apply the principles that are given.    \\"The Five Love Languages\\" by Gary Chapman, is a book you should read and own.  The concepts in the book give some of the best advice on showing love that I've ever come across, and it is full of truly original and well supported ideas on how to improve your relationship with your loved ones, be it spouse, children or anyone else.  In my own experience I've found the book to be an extremely valuable resource that I continue to reference for ideas for showing affection to my wife in ways she will most appreciate it, and I've even been adapting the ideas at work to help make the \\"attaboys\\" more personal and enjoyable for my team members.  You should take the opportunity to read this book; it will help you by revealing more choices for how you can show your love more effectively in your relationships.    [...]
B001FB4VZS|1.0|Any of the few and far between episodes that could be considered good in Smallville's Season 8 (like \\"Legion\\" and \\"Beast\\") were undone and became meaningless with the season finale, \\"Doomsday\\". Sam Witwer was wonderful as Doomsday/Davis, and it was heartbreaking to see all the nuances he gave the character wasted (complete character assassination), in the last episode.The fight between Clark and Doomsday should have been epic, but instead lasted 5 seconds and was poorly executed. All of the build up leading to that confrontation throughout the season was squandered. In fact, every story-line was squandered.  Also, Eric Durance's Lois Lane has to be the worse version of Lois Lane I've ever seen. This Lois is annoying, abrasive, idiotic, entitled, insipid, and a drag on the Clark Kent character. She has become the new \\"Lana\\", or Mary Sue, of the show; and it is an insult to Lois Lane fans that the writers of this show depict her in such a badly written way.    If it weren't for Sam Witwer and Allison Mack (who is shamefully barely mentioned in the DVD set/promotion even though she was the female lead and the best actress through out the season), this whole season would have been a wash.     Skip this set, and save yourself the pain.
1582701709|5.0|Recently received The Secret.  Can't put it down.  Excellent book and I have seen the results of the teachings already.  Would recommend it to anyone wanting to change their life in a positive way.
B000FS9MV0|5.0|Renee Olstead is one, if not the best, current Jazz singer, not just because she is only nineteen years old, but irregardless of age. With her magnificent voice, she has the stunning natural ability to connect her music to the audience/listener. Everytime I listen to her CD, I feel that I am part of the music experience and not just listening to it. I hope she makes more CD's, an excellent singer.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|In today's world, I'm ever careful about making big purchases of TV series that I don't know too much about.  Now I don't have HBO anymore for the simple reason: ECONOMICS but I must tell you that TRUE BLOOD would be a selling point to get it back, I read enough positive things about TRUE BLOOD that I decided I would break my cardinal rule and go for the purchase of the DVDs since I DO like anything that has to do with vampires, as long as it has a good storyline and it has a decent amount of blood in it.  Well after the first Episode, I WAS HOOKED and so was my girl, who really wasn't too interested in it when I told her I was getting it but she sorta watched the first episode from a distance across the room and decided she wanted in too so no we watch two episodes a weekend and we're damn near done with Season One so any doubts anyone has about this series, you can put them to rest.<br /><br />Set in The deep south in Louisiana, where humans and vampires co-exist....peacefully.......well sorta and we follow Sookie Stackhouse, who works in a bar,  who has the uncanny ability to read peoples minds, which sometimes comes in handy and sometimes not but unfortunately, this doesn't work on vampires, primarily because they're dead but she hooks up with Vampire Bill Compton and forms more than just an allegiance with him if you know what I mean.  I am not giving any of the storyline away more than this because this thang is just too good to give away.  THIS SERIES IS DEFINITELY NOT FOR YOUNG KIDS, it contains profanity, nudity and sexual situations and other deep south stuff.<br /><br />This is a * * * * * Star rating in my book, Highly Reccomended!
B0017YZIL4|5.0|This is CD is I think, typical of Wes Montgomery, it is very Wes. I like it and whoever like him will like this CD as well.
0060557818|5.0|Well, let's just say that Gaiman writes an interesting story.  A very interesting one.  But, damn, what a show!    Gaiman paints a picture of London that starts off as expected, yet then veers into a hidden underground that is basically invisible to all those above.  Though his characters are the usual archetypes: the protagonist being a man of little consequence yet becoming a hero in this new world, a petite girl whose ballsy as hell, a guide whose sarcastic yet brilliant, and a duo of villains who work off of each other perfectly.  Sure, there are plenty of twists and turns, yet none of it is too shocking, and in truth most feels inevitable.    yet the story comes off kind of as a darker version of Alice in Wonderland.  with alice replaced by a man in his early thirties, with a corporate job, an overbearing girlfriend and little to no social life.  Despite the dreary setting and the protagonist being for the most part an antihero, the tale unravels quickly, leaving the reader in a magical land set right beneath our feet.      definitely worth taking the ride.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|Zach is best friends with Gabe, and they both surf.  Zach is also going on and off with Tori and starts to hang out with Gabe's brother, Shaun.  Shaun came out awhile ago and sparks some sensuality in Zach that confuses him.  The sexualness is all natural and not overly done, and the situations that Zach faces are easily relateable being in a broken family and unsure about his relationship with Tori.  The usual conflicts of being homosexual with prejudices and hesistation come into play, but the story is told so authentically that this movie is a keeper.
B0028T6XXY|3.0|First of all, let me make it clear that this review is for the music only, which I downloaded.  I didn't buy the CD/DVD, so therefore can't comment on the filmed portion.  As a recorded documentation of a live concert, it leaves a little something to be desired.  Don't get me wrong, I'm a true fan.  Buble is the best interpreter of the standard since Harry Connick, and he sounds absolutely terrific here.  Likewise, his rapport with the audience is genuine and unmistakeable.  But there used to be a time when a live album was an event; two discs, two hours, new material.  When did they, like this one, become stopgap measures to placate fans until the next album comes out?  OK, it's enjoyable, the energy is infectious at times; but it's certainly not an indispensable addition to the Buble canon.  Rabid fans will, no doubt, disagree.  I'm getting impatient, however, with Mr. Buble's habit of releasing four songs here, six songs there.  An artist of his caliber and talent (and one who sells as well as he) could and should be releasing a new album every year.  Record companies are hurting, I get it, they need to make money any which way they can; but fans deserve more than the occasional bone, which is what this ultimately feels like.<br /><br />Additionally, I can't remember when I've heard a live album so poorly produced.  The cuts from track to track are at times abrupt and seem to have been made with a meat cleaver.  Perhaps they're where the two additional songs (only available on the DVD) fit in.  (And can someone tell me WHY they're only available on the DVD?)  Also, the balance isn't always right, with Buble sounding sometimes farther away from the microphone than the audience.<br /><br />Of course, if you have to own everything Buble records, you're going to get this album, and you may enjoy it more than I.  But be forwarned that downloading isn't necessarily the way to go.
B001U0HBPG|2.0|I'm dissapointed to see David Fincher wasting his time on this melodramatic rubbish. He used to be a director with a message now he's all style and no substance. The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is oscar baiting at it's worst with a concept that runs out of steam in the first thirty minutes and is told quite possibly the worst way; via the Cate Blanchet characters point of view when Benjamin is narrating his own story when we flash back so whats the point of having her in the hospital having her daughter read her a diary? As always with these characters Benajmin is a passive loser surrounded by quirky characters who all pass along a little bit of knowledge about life. This knowledge never rings true and is as shallow as Benjamin himself. He's never angry that he ages backwards. Hell he's barely interested in his own disease you'd never know that he even KNEW he was aging backwards except everyone keeps telling him about it.     The film's lesson is that aging backwards has about as much meaning as aging forward; no meaning at all. Button is a boring and tired protagonist. He's given no obstacles to over come and a girlfriend who treats him like garbage most of the time but he keeps coming back for more just like Forrest Gump and Jenny. For its three hour running time Button has little to say on life but it has alot to say about trying desperately to win an oscar. Shame on you David Fincher for wasting your talents on this dribble.
B001UREJWM|5.0|It is so nice to hear the sounds of Black Sabbath...err...Heaven and Hell once again.  Tony, Dio, and company sound just as good now as they did in the 1970s and 1980s.  One has to wonder how much longer Dio's voice can hold up this well!
031606792X|1.0|***Contains a spoiler or two, be careful***    J. Martin \\"Librarian\\" already wrote exactly the review I would have written (right down to the \\"little nudger\\" comment), so I have to find different words here.  I flew through those first three books feeling the exact same way.  Loved them, gave up many hours of sleep lost in the story, and craved more.  I was so excited when I sat down to read Breaking Dawn.  I was heartbroken long before the end.  What IS this book?  I checked the author's name on the cover four different times because I just could not believe Ms. Meyer actually wrote it.  I kept wondering if she had stolen some bad fanfic instead, because that is exactly how it reads.  I even Googled \\"breaking dawn hoax\\" just to be sure I hadn't missed something.  I can get past the whole perfect-pretty-ending-where-everyone-gets-what-they-want-and-nothing-bad-happens, I guess.  I can't get past how the whole tone of the story is so completely different, how the excitement and suspense are just gone.  Bella is not Bella anymore.  And I'm talking about the time before her change to immortality, even.  Edward?  Who is he?  This certainly isn't the same Edward from the other three books.  It's as though the author took a couple decades off before writing this one and then couldn't quite remember who her characters were.  The entire pregnancy-birth-delivery thing really pushed me over the edge and took so much away from this series.  I am saddened, confused, and so very disappointed.  I have never felt cheated by a book before reading this cop-out.  When I read this series again (and I will) I will be skipping the 4th book and pretending it doesn't exist.  Sorry, Ms. Meyer.  You did have me wrapped around your little finger after the first three books, and I REALLY hope Midnight Sun comes to fruition. Breaking Dawn, though?  Yikes.
B000002KDI|5.0|Well,You can read my \\"Harvest\\" review.But what is Neil Young's greatest album besides \\"Harvest\\"?,I would have to say \\"Live Rust\\".It is Neil and back-up band, Crazy Horse at their best.To only say that Neil Young is folksy (without his electric side) is a major fault.Neil Young is both.That's what makes him pure genius.He is top at both.With Crazy Horse,he is at his best with improvised solo guitar riffs weaving within the songs.Amazing!!!!You must buy this CD.These songs are sonic wonders.Neil makes his own direction.Do yourself a favor,enjoy this musical feast of a treat.
B0017V7H70|5.0|This CD embodies the 90's, with a mix of songs that will leave any rock music lover in awe of offspring. too bad they couldn't follow up this CD with anything of the same caliber (although some later songs are good, they don't really compare).<br />But this CD is a must-have in any rock collection.
B000089RVX|3.0|Ok, so first off... Evanescence is a wildly popular band (rightfully so.) Their music is edgy, crisp, melodic and downright beautiful. Secondly, Evanescence has painfully predictable lyrics and a very high and mighty self image. As opposed to changing the lyrics up once in a while, they almost all focus on things like \\"Oh, Life is bad, I want to die... Bring me back to life... I'm not happy... Poor me.\\" This thematic material is decent enough for a song or two... but and entire album? Hardcore metalists like \\"As I Lay Dying\\" and \\"Underoath\\" possess such wonderful grips on lyrics content, and I would have liked to have seen more of that on this album.     Besides that, Evanescence certainly hasn't done anything for their fans the past couple of years (stop complaining about your Christian fans! For goodness sake.)    That being said, no gripes about the music here. It's awesome.    BOTTOM LINE:  Buy this if you love the \\"faux-metal/goth\\" genre and/or have exhausted most other albums at your local Wal Mart. : ) Otherwise, definitely pick up the much superior albums of \\"Red\\" or maybe \\"Linkin Park\\"s earlier albums.
031606792X|5.0|I came to the Twilight series later than most, it seems.  I resisted the hype, and really wasn't that interested.  But, finally, I got curious and decided to read, though I had no real expectations.  I was quickly sucked into the story, and read with a myriad of emotions, from crying to laughing to feeling anxious, hopeful, afraid, excited.  I've read all 4 books in 2 weeks, and loved the ending!  Its a happy ending, wherein all characters, in my opinion, have grown into themselves, become adults, and have finally had the opportunity to enjoy the peace they have fought so hard to create for themselves.  Bella and Edward's love has grown from a hot flirtation to a real and lasting love.  They have gone from friends to lovers to family, and the sense of family is strong in this book. I wholeheartedly disagree with the Publisher's Weekly review that this book is about gratification.  I found it entirely the opposite - a book about virtue, compromise, growth, persistence, patience, strength, and faith (not in a religious sense, more about faith in other people and oneself).  The fact that no one had to lose everything, be destroyed, or destroy someone else to find happiness makes it more about hope to me and less about the obsession our society has with destruction.  A sign of what the times should be.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|What a great compilation! One of the best I've heard. \\"Yesterday,\\" \\"Hey Jude\\" and \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" are my definite favs, but the others sound great as well.     On a side note, I think this compilation would have benefited from a few different song choices (the first several can be a bit of a chore to sit through when you know what's coming up.)    Two thumbs up from me!
1433503794|4.0|I had been using the 1977 wide margin NASB from Thomas Nelson for 28 years. I hated to move away from it but it was starting to fall apart. Our church was planning on moving to the ESV and, after much investigation, I decided to move to the ESV rather than go to another NASB (which had been updated about 15+ years ago and the older versions were difficult to find).    The main points I was interested in:  - Font Size for readability; This one has 10 point type - the largest from Crossway except for the Large Print edition (to my knowledge).  - Sewn binding for durability - absolutely critical if you want your Bible to last a long time. The trutone, brown-cordovan portfolio version has a sewn binding as does the calfskin version and the ESV Study Bible.  - Wide margins and `white space' for notes - extremely important for me; This version has 1\\" margins and lots of white space in and around the text - especially in the Old Testament.  - Good Cross-references; Unfortunately this version does not appear to have as many as my old NASB  - Good paper quality for note taking; This specific reference version (trutone, brown-cordovan Portfolio) has thicker paper (24 #; The others have 21# I'm told.)  I'm not an expert on paper, but it doesn't 'feel' as durable as my old NASB.    I like most everything except I wish they would have published one with a genuine leather cover (thus, the reason I gave it 4 stars). Also would have liked a slightly wider margin. But all in all, this is definitely the best ESV Bible for serious Bible students (The ESV Study Bible is exceptional but it has it's own set of issues for someone my age - mainly font size and physical mass!).    Finally, it is an exceptionally accurate translation with good readability - and I would highly recommend the ESV translation to anyone.
B000SCHBGQ|5.0|I think it was a great book and I already able to tell that the entire series is going to be great. I it was so good that I ripped through the book so fast I was sad when it ended. I hope everyone enjoys this book.
0891419195|5.0|Just finished reading and am now circulating to my sympathetic CMP Forum buddies.  A must-read for anyone interested in first-hand history.
B00280LYHS|5.0|It was a great book when I first started it I couldnt put it down at knight when I was reading I whould say ok Ill just read one more chapter. that never worked out and my parents would come and say put it away.But then I never got to a finishing stop until the end it was so fast paced. So in other words I loved the book. Also if you couldnt figure out was going to happen between Anabeth and Percy you need to take social skill classes also thats what happens in all books now boy gets girl.    P.S. I dont think he can be done what about the next great prophace. There is so much more he could go on for anothor adventure.
B001PJRAUS|5.0|I consider myself a lover of all things Jane Austen, and Lost in Austen was no exception. When unlikely heroine Amanda Price switches places with her favorite heroine, Elizabeth Bennett, she falls into the middle of the novel, Pride and Prejudice. She starts at the beginning and does her best to keep the novel-come-to-life true to its form. But despite her best efforts, or maybe because of them, things go terribly, and usually hilariously wrong. I was laughing almost hysterically when her actions accidentally cause Jane to marry Mr.Collins, instead of Bingley.  I loved the fact that it was essentially Pride and Prejudice, yet I had no idea what would happen next or how it was going to end. It was like reading the book for the first time. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would recommend this movie to fans of Jane Austen as well as non-fans. But fans would appreciate the humor better, as having a knowledge of the novel is, in my opinion essential to truly enjoying and appreciating this gem of a movie.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|The actual movie is fantastic, if a bit short (45min), but you take that combined with all of the special features and you've got one smart purchase thats for sure... in the 3 weeks or so that I have owned it I have watched it at least ten times. Yeah, its that good.
1416585710|1.0|I can't believe I almost finished reading this book.  I stopped many times and almost gave up for fear of wasting my time and good sight.  I finally was thirty or so odd pages away from the end when I actually screamed out and shut the book...never to open it again.  I have walked out of a movie only once in my 42years and I this is the first time I have put a book to rest without finishing it.      I am a huge fan of King's writing and have read his books over many years.  Though some were better than others I always finished...to the last page.  This book however drained me.  From the boring and shallow characters to the the made up words that drove me insane for the many times they were written over and over again.  I think Mr. King thought he might be clever enough to add to our ever expanding vocabulary.  However, if I ever hear the words bhool or boo yah or whatever the heck it is, it would be too soon.    The book becomes annoying, to the point where I found I was rolling my eyes to the immature diaglogue that was taking place.  What adults spoke like these characters.  Heck they are in their senior years and calling each other pet names and just saying nonsense.  I still am not sure what ethnic background the characters are.  The characters did not seem to be in love, involved, indepth, inspiring, in any way at all.     I think Mr. King needs to either take a long break, take a vacation in Derry and try to remember how well he writes without trying to be so different.  I hope he realizes that he has a solid following but if he continues with books like this some of us might just be glad to have read a few great works by him and leave it at that.      Stick with what you know Mr. King because the few times you have veered off track it wasn't pretty, and this book was by far your ugliest crash yet.    TANTS
B000JK8OYU|5.0|This is a wonderful remaster of the Beatles recordings.  This is the same soundtrack used at the Cir De Solei Show at the Mirage Hotel in Las Vegas.  We were surprised with a live stage show of Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr.  Great show and great music.
1932100660|5.0|The positive health claims and underlying reasons were of great interest.  So I try the program on myself.  I'm 65, a former engineer, and have noticed the aging effects, so why not.  Changes noted, weight loss, increase energy, great desire to exercise and most important was the greater blood flow and functionality of my male sex organ.  Being an engineer and knowledge of hydraulic fluid flow and that blood carries nutrient to and waste away, I note something had changed.  Thank you T Colin Campbell.
B0000YEEHG|3.0|There is little doubt that Ingmar Bergman's cinematic masterpieces have continually redefined the popular notion of film as art, and Persona takes that influence to the extreme. As the film began, with flickering, disintegrating film reels, a phallus, an eviscerated sheep, and a boy lying limp in a morgue, Persona challenged everything I knew about cinema and left me asking two questions: \\"Is this art?\\" and \\"Is there a purpose?\\" The answer to both is certainly \\"yes,\\" though I am not as pleased with the purpose as with the art.<br /><br />While the film is, on the surface, the story of electively mute actress Elisabet Vogler and her nurse, Alma (\\"soul\\" in Spanish), I choose to see it as a film about two sides of the same person -- two internal voices squabbling over the mess of a complicated life full of dark secrets hidden in shadowy recesses. Additionally, motherhood is an issue raised repeatedly and prominently in the film. Alma still carries the shame of a secret abortion (as well as the pregnancy's genesis) while Elisabet secretly hates her son and wishes he were dead because she is not able to requite his love. It is hard to resist connecting this to the image which frames this film of a young boy yearningly touching a (movie?) screen projecting the intermixing faces of Elisabet and Alma. I choose then to see Bergman as the dichotomous Alma/Elisabet mother, the audience as the yearning children that he alternately rejects (Elisabet) and makes love to (Alma), and film (or perhaps this film) as the insufficient love he attempts to give to his children (and we are reminded by Bergman throughout the film that Persona is a paltry cinematic illusion, not a substantial reality).<br /><br />I write all of this partially to give new viewers to the film a point of reference against which to contrast their own interpretation of this amorphous work, and I also write this to make it clear that I appreciate the artistry and symbolism behind this film even while I do not appreciate the film, itself.<br /><br />Here's my issue: I believe that the purpose of art is to connect while instructing. A great film should win your affection (emotionally and/or intellectually) while subtly changing you in the process. This film challenges, and good art should challenge, but it offers me little more than that. Elisabet and Alma, as the only two fully developed persona in the film's reality (of course, they are one persona and it isn't reality), function as everywomen -- norms in the world as Bergman sees it. While Elisabet's elective silence is abnormal, the internal cause behind it is presented as quite the opposite. Even the doctor, a minor character at the beginning of the film, confesses that she understands the underlying issues that haunt Elisabet. She feels them too.<br /><br />Yet both Alma and Elisabet are monstrous, and I find myself unable and unwilling to connect with them. I don't want to believe that all mothers secretly wish their babies were dead or that all faithful fiances are secretly having wild beach orgies with adolescents while their partners are away. We all hide ugliness within ourselves, but this is more ugliness than I am willing to handle. I am not often bothered by shocking art. Even the sheep having its eye gouged and its intestines ripped out at the beginning didn't disturb me in the slightest, but this misanthropic view of humanity haunts me. Bergman attempts to show us that, beneath the facade, we are all monsters, and then reminds us that he too is a monster hiding behind his art.<br /><br />It is hard to accept that Persona is a product of the same artist who brought us films like \\"[[ASIN:6305174083 The Seventh Seal]]\\" and \\"[[ASIN:B00005UQ7T Wild Strawberries]]\\" which, while asking all the hardest existential questions and challenging our senses of self and purpose in life, ultimately provided opportunities for redemption. There were lessons to be learned, changes that we were inspired to make. Maybe longing for such things sounds contrived and conventional; maybe I sound like the guy who is turned off anytime he doesn't get a happy ending, but all I see beneath Persona's art is the message that we are all truly terrible people deep down inside. I am not able to connect to the protagonists emotionally nor intellectually because of this, and I do not see anything redemptive nor positively transformative about such a conclusion. It leaves its audience on the morgue table, naked and emotionally starved, desperately reaching out to the coldness of the movie screen for a sense of hope that Bergman is either unable or unwilling to give. Ultimately, Persona offers its viewers a lesson in depravity and misanthropy, and nothing more.onal; maybe I sound like the guy who is turned off anytime he doesn't get a happy ending, but all I see beneath Persona's art is the message that we are all truly terrible people deep down inside. I am not able to connect to the protagonists emotionally nor intellectually because of this, and I do not see anything redemptive nor positively transformative about such a conclusion. It leaves its audience on the morgue table, naked and emotionally starved, desperately reaching out to the coldness of the movie screen for a sense of hope that Bergman is either unable or unwilling to give. Ultimately, Persona offers its viewers a lesson in depravity and misanthropy, and nothing more.
B0000DIXDR|5.0|The DVD was in great condition. The story to me is timeless. One of the best coming of age movies.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|Several years ago, I was involved with a lady who told me that I needed to see this movie, as she thought I reminded her a lot of Darcy. (We both HATE to dance, among other things) I was, shall we say, reluctant to believe her, but curiosity got the better of me. After all, I had to see what she was talking about.     Now keep in mind that I was supposed to read this book in high school and as a seventeen year old male, I refused on sheer principle. What did I care about some romance book about a bunch of girls who want to marry rich. Who cared?    All that said, this movie is a GREAT adaptation of the book (which I have since read, again out of curiosity) It makes the characters both modern and classic without diminishing either quality. The supporting cast is understated, but outstanding. Both Sutherland and Dench deliver superlatively without taking the limelight from Knightly or Macfadyn, to whom the film truly belongs.     Even if the thought of having anything to do with Jane Austin makes your skin crawl (as it did with me), give this a try. Guys, if nothing else, this is two hours of the always watchable Kiera Knightly. You could find worse uses for your time.
B0017CW5J4|5.0|We saw them live in New York,the theater in New York is tiny. It is only 6 seats on each side. We had front row balcony and really got into the show. I bought the Blu-Ray DVD and was very happy with it. They do the show on a grander scale. I was amazed on the size of the production. Not that I didn't like New York where they get right next to you. I enjoyed both the live event and the DVD.
B001KVZ6F2|4.0|While I have been a fan of many of Clint Eastwood's movies for decades, GRAN TORINO seems to be one of his weaker films. Although its overall story arc of a bigot's change for the better (which permits him to perform a redemptive act) is genuinely moving and although there are at least a dozen excellent scenes (some touching, some humorous) showing him interacting with a pair of young Hmong neighbors (a brother and sister duo), this film also struck me as having lots of weak, flabby passages in its script.  Many repetitious and implausible scenes involving a stereotypically wet-behind-the-ears priest, an array of moronic, inept gang members, and the excessively obnoxious grandchildren of Eastwood's character should have ended up on the cutting-room floor. Similarly, many contrasting scenes affirming the overall wonderfulness of the refugee families are excessive and equally implausible.<br /><br />Many DVDs contain \\"deleted scenes\\" with a director's commentary explaining why they were cut. This DVD has no such extra feature; instead, it appears that everything scripted was filmed, and everything filmed was included--which is unfortunate.<br /><br />As a grumpy-old-racist-with-a-heart-of-gold, C.E. does a good job, and the issue of RACISM IN AMERICA is dealt with in a way that will (or should) make many viewers reconsider their own mindsets. I just wish the script and/or the final editing had been 20-to-30% better.<br /><br />Recommended with reservations.--David R. Eastwood<br /><br />POSTSCRIPT (11-22-10): DURING THE PAST YEAR, IT IS EVIDENT THAT bigotry IN AMERICA IS A FAR, FAR LARGER PROBLEM THAN MANY OF US THOUGHT. IN THE RUN UP TO THE 2010 ELECTIONS, CERTAIN LYING POLITICIANS AND CERTAIN BOGUS \\"NEWSCASTERS\\" BEAT THE DRUMS OF racism TO DIVIDE OUR COUNTRY FAR WORSE THAN IT HAS BEEN IN DECADES. SADLY, FOR OUR COUNTRY AND FOR ITS REPUTATION AROUND THE WORLD, THEY WERE VERY SUCCESSFUL. --D.R.E.<br /><br />DISCLAIMER: Clint Eastwood and I are not related, and we have never met or communicated in any way.
0671799320|2.0|Propaganda, no matter how couched in research is still propaganda. The author seems gung-ho on the archievements of \\"the industry\\" and its dominant actors and never expresses dismay at the wanton destruction it has and continues to perpetuate. Right from the premise, when he had reported on the greed which the inceptions of the industry created/fed upon, I found myself wishing he would take a moral stance and say something against what could only be disastrous for all in the long-term. But, alas, nothing there, and yet, robber barons like Rockefeller were touted to no end. Goes to show you that Yergin is his industry's man.
1881273156|4.0|I bought this book because it was recommended by a friend; quite interesting and informative; I was surprised that it had a lot of Christian philosophies. I thought it was going to be secular/generic. I would have wanted a better synopsis of the book before I purchased it, but was not disappointed.
B00065MDRW|3.0|I've been a big fan of classic rock from the late 60s and early 70s for a long time, liking groups like Jimi Hendrix Experience, Cream, Blind Faith, Deep Purple, Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, and the Who.  I recently decided to expand my horizons and check out more bands from this period, including King Crimson, Wishbone Ash, Uriah Heep, and Captain Beyond.<br /><br />I was very impressed by the Wishbone Ash and Captain Beyond debut albums, finding them exciting and a lot of fun to listen to. (I find Uriah Heep's first album good, but not great.) In contrast, I find this debut album from King Crimson somewhat dull, with the exception of the opening track, \\"21st Century Schizoid Man\\".  I'm not saying that it's a bad album; in fact, I see that it was very original at the time and that the members of the band are all talented musicians, but it just doesn't grab me and make me want to listen to it over and over.<br /><br />I believe that this album was one of the earliest progressive rock albums.  I imagine that my response to it might have been very different if I had actually heard it in 1969 before hearing all the progressive bands like ELP and Yes that were influenced by it. But I can't help but evaluate it in the context of all the other music that I've heard.<br /><br />I do find the opening track, \\"21st Century Schizoid Man\\", more exciting than the rest of the album and like the way it speeds up in the middle for the \\"Mirrors\\" instrumental section which features fast bass lines from Greg Lake and dynamic guitars, keyboards, and woodwinds backed up by complex drumming.  This is an outstanding song.<br /><br />The next song, \\"I Talk to the Wind\\", is a ballad that has its charms including nice vocal harmonies and beautiful flute, but it's kind of sappy.  \\"Epitaph\\" is a slow anti-war march.  This is the song that comes closest to achieving the excitement of the first track, but it goes on too long for such a somber piece.  Even the critics who acclaimed the album when it was released criticized the vapid \\"Moonchild\\" tune for being too long; while I appreciate the group's willingness to insert a jazz improvisation in the middle, it is uninspired.  Maybe you need to be stoned to appreciate it.  The final title track is quite similar in many ways to \\"Epitaph\\" and also drones on longer than it should; the similarity to \\"Epitaph\\" and its position after \\"Moonchild\\" makes it even more problematical, since I find myself tired of the album after the first two minutes.<br /><br />I want to emphasize again that I think the musicians on this album are all very skilled and that I respect their originality.  But I find this album somewhat dull and repetitious and don't think I'll be listening to it very often.it was released criticized the vapid \\"Moonchild\\" tune for being too long; while I appreciate the group's willingness to insert a jazz improvisation in the middle, it is uninspired.  Maybe you need to be stoned to appreciate it.  The final title track is quite similar in many ways to \\"Epitaph\\" and also drones on longer than it should; the similarity to \\"Epitaph\\" and its position after \\"Moonchild\\" makes it even more problematical, since I find myself tired of the album after the first two minutes.<br /><br />I want to emphasize again that I think the musicians on this album are all very skilled and that I respect their originality.  But I find this album somewhat dull and repetitious and don't think I'll be listening to it very often.
B00005JNNZ|5.0|What I get from this movie is this: Honor Your Contract, Sir!    Think of it, how many of us really honor our contract?  In fact, many of the big banks and insurance did not honor their side of the contract: protect their customers (investors).    If you have problem with your kids, students or even yourself, just remember this: honor your contact.  It is the basis for human civilisation.     Coach Ken Carter is really a role model for me: I am quoting him now in my current one-to-one and big group coaching programs.  Thanks.    AndyTheCoach, asiatrainers  [...]  Singapore
B0000AUHOH|3.0|I rate this movie 2.5 stars. The first half of this movie is very good. But after the true origin of the Sybok character is revealed, it starts to unravel a little. A couple of annoying science and continuity errors (72 decks or somesuch, 6.7 HOURS to reach the galactic center which is a mega-radioactive region with a mega-black hole?!). Otherwise, the often weak special effects in the second half are the only real letdown. Bill Shatner should be proud of his direction: but a slight script rewrite and higher FX budget would have helped this movie a great deal.
B001FB4VZS|1.0|Smallville used to be an entertaining show. Even in uneven and, frankly, bad seasons like six and seven, one could find something likable or something that resembled a coherent plot. It was not true in this season. Also, even if one didn't like the particular storyline, they could always enjoy the \\"pretty\\" - fun effects, nice camera work, well chosen soundtrack and music, amazing casting coups.    Well, gone are the days of guest stars like Carrie Fisher, Christopher Reeve, Mark McClure, Dean Cain, or Helen Slater. Gone are the days of decent special effects or any effect shots at all, frankly. By this point, it feels as if Clark's only superpower is superspeed because the \\"woosh\\" sound effect is cheap to do. The show is so strapped for cash that it no longer does location shoots and that it also is reduced to synthesized music and very sporadic, if at all, popular music licensing.    It's a shell of what it was.    Granted, a reduced budget isn't everything.    I loved the first season of shows like Buffy the Vampire Slayer and they clearly had very little to work with. The superficial shouldn't matter, but, on this show, it's all there is to recommend it and even that's gone.    As far as \\"plot lines\\" for this year?    Let's face it. The producers played chicken with Michael Rosenbaum last season and lost badly. As a result, all of season eight was a mad dash scramble to compensate for the gaping hole the loss of Lex Luthor (as well as Lionel and the Luthor dynamic) had on the show. Now, they did try and introduce Doomsday/Davis Bloome and they did bring in a Mercy-like character in Tess, but it failed miserably. Without a strong villain to work against, the show collapsed on itself and the \\"good guys\\" became so morally gray that in Justin Hartley's (Oliver Queen's) own words they became \\"purple\\". But none of this can give you a true idea of how terrible this season was.    So, I shall reveal the plotlines:    -Lana Lang returns for a five episode arc mocked by fans as Lana Begins in which she becomes permanently superstrong and only breaks up with Clark because Lex Luthor (played, I kid you not, by Rosenbaum's stunt double in heavy make up) irradiates her with Kryptonite, leaving her poisonous to Clark    -Tess starts out a loyal minion to Lex but, after Lana's intervention, engages in a long affair with Oliver Queen and turns againt Lex and LuthorCorp. Eventually she degrades into a religious nutjob thinking Clark's an \\"alien jesus\\" (actual line from a script).    -Chloe Sullivan ends up running a home for the meteor infected and in one hackneyed episode is made to live her cousin's life for a day in which she comes to the sudden conclusion that after wanting to be a reporter since she was eight, she's not so interested anymore.    -Jimmy gets married to Chloe, is trashed by Doomsday at his wedding, then becomes a junkie, dumps Chloe, and in an AMAZING! twist is revealed to be REALLY HENRY OLSEN, the older brother of the real Iconic/Comics Jimmy whom we meet at Henry's funeral in the season finale. So, that Jimmy from that last three years?     Not real, fake out!    -Oliver becomes an alcoholic playboy for half a season, then he turns \\"dark\\" by murdering Lex, blackmailing Chloe, and using the Justice League to literally shoot Clark in the back with Kryptonite.    -Clark does join the Daily Planet, that's true. In 22 episodes, the only article he publishes is about a kitten show. He gets no real development as a journalist and the Red-Blue Blur arc comprises about 5 episodes of the whole season and is mostly offscreen because they can't afford the effects to show him patrolling. The ep \\"Prey\\" is almost the extent of it.    -Lois continues to be a disappointment. Her character is gutted so that she can pine for Clark and degrade into passive-aggressive games. Gone is the fighter of seasons 4 and 5. Worse, her journalistic ethics sink to a new low in \\"Stiletto\\" where she invents a superhero so she can trick the Red-Blue Blurinto and interview. The whole ep is played as a joke on the Lois character and is, frankly, best described as a foot fetishist's wet dream.    -Davis Bloome = an excellent arc, well-acted by the brilliant Juliard alum Sam Witwer until the final episode in which he is retconned into a pyschopath and kills Henry, sorry \\"Jimmy Olsen,\\" and is subsequently stabbed to death by a dying Henry, sorry \\"Jimmy Olsen.\\" The actual Doomsday fight lasts 45 seconds, has a monster out of Power Rangers, and does NOT end with Clark's death.    TOTAL LETDOWN.    I wish, in conclusion, that I could unsee this season and, no, I've not made a single plot detail up.
B001GJ3VYG|2.0|Every great artist is going to create a mediocre offering in her career. Creation is difficult.<br /><br />So I was reluctant to write a negative review of this Dido-lite album until I started to examine the \\"Deluxe Edition\\".<br /><br />First of all, if you are going to delux-i-fy your music, you're going to have to knock our socks off on at least a few tracks. But not a one of these quiet, uninspired rambles conjures her previous work. Too bad, but hey! everyone gets a bad CD, even one stretched thinly to CD+DVD, Deluxe status. This is owing possibly to poor advice from friends who evidently dabble in marketing the way she is now dabbling with playing all of the instruments herself.<br /><br />But what is truly unfortunate about this Deluxe Edition is the video interviews where friends and other artists (that I have never heard of) attest to how BRILLIANT she is. Ooo. Missed it by THAT much. Maybe she's still brilliant, but you want remarks like \\"genius\\", \\"inspired\\" and even \\"very talented\\" to apply to music that takes your breath away and not that which lets you breathe easily and slowly as you drift off to sleep.<br /><br />Further, there are five or six pictures of her - only her - in the CD booklet and another four or five - of only her - on a separate fold out. The first set in the booklet are understandable, but the fold-out set?  Every pic is a soft-sexy pose where she looks, oh, I don't know, alternately pensive and also that melancholy happy you see on young women who have married badly but still feel fortunate that at least they are not starving and she loves her children and he's a good man underneath if you don't take account of the cheating and occasional beatings. Yeah, she's pretty. But the extra set of pics along with the \\"She's brilliant!\\" interviews are painting a picture of an isolated, indulged diva wannabe and I don't think that's what she wants. I don't think that's who she is.<br /><br />So not a bad album, exactly, just forgettable and nowhere near worthy of the Deluxe treatment that was haplessly applied to it. I still look forward to her next CD, hopeful as I am that the monumental effort required of her to take over all facets of making her music was what resulted in this lackluster practice CD, and that the glowing chanteuse under this slick, empty new veneer will once again emerge and capture the attention of her listeners.hat was haplessly applied to it. I still look forward to her next CD, hopeful as I am that the monumental effort required of her to take over all facets of making her music was what resulted in this lackluster practice CD, and that the glowing chanteuse under this slick, empty new veneer will once again emerge and capture the attention of her listeners.
B001FB4VZS|4.0|Smallville's S8 was bound to be something very different then what came before.  After all, it was losing 2 of its most prominent characters, Lana Lang and Lex Luthor, as well as one of its most intriguing supporting characters, Lionel Luthor.  And bringing on Doomsday as a dual natured, mostly mild mannered paramedic produced a lot of skepticism.  But overall, I think the show made a lot of good progress, particularly in the development of the characters of Clark Kent and Lois Lane.    The first half of this season is probably as strong a series of episodes as any Smallville season has had since S5.  We saw a new, proactive Clark emerge, which included him taking a job at the Daily Planet, right across from future Mrs, Lois Lane.  This new grown-up Clark was a joy to watch, and Tom Welling played the heck out of the more mature Clark (on a shallow note, the change in wardrobe for him is delightful).  Clark adopted a new undercover persona, The Red Blue Blur.  A bit of a lame name, but a huge step into Superman territory.  And after seasons of stalling Clark, how wonderful is that to see?    The budding relationship between Clark and Lois advances by leaps and bounds, with Lois clearly being in love with Clark fairly early on in the season.  I'm not sure if this is a good thing, or a bad one, but Erica Durance sells the role with gusto.  Her evolving feelings for Clark pulled at the heartstrings.    A new addition to the cast, Cassiday Freeman's Tess Mercer makes a fascinating debut.  While the role is a bit underdeveloped, the actress is a gem.    Sam Witwer, as Doomsday alter ego, Davis Bloome, is an impressive actor who pours his heart and soul into the role.  Though Smallville's penchant for woobie, misunderstood villians is getting a bit tiresome at this point, and Witwer's constant tears and angst quickly grew stale.  The character seems to fall apart as the season goes on, and is a complete mess by the last episode, Doomsday.  The worst SV season finale ever.Two characters that didn't fare so well this season were SV vet, Chloe Sullivan, and new regular, Oliver Queen (aka Green Arrow).  Both of these characters made unfathomable decisions this season, and seem to grow rather dark and unrelatable.  Both commit murder in the course of the season, and the show seems to take a rather odd, neutral position on that action.  Inexplicable on a young Superman show.  Chloe, in particular, seems unrecognizable from the girl we've grown accustomed to, and Allison Mack seems a bit bored.  It feels to me like Chloe is being written more as the \\"Lana Lang\\" character, rather then being written as her own character.  By the end of the season, neither character felt like people we'd want the future Superman to be close to.    The other regular, Aaron Ashmore's Jimmy Olsen, was badly used for most of the season, with the possible exception of the episode, Identity.  And without spoiling, the characters arc ends in a very unsatisfactory manner.    The biggest problems with this season is the 5 episode Lana Lang arc, which seems to plunge the show into seasons back, and brings to a halt the progress made in the first half of the season.  I'm not sure the show ever recovers from the disruption, and Lana's exit from the show is completely unsatisfying on just about every level.  But particularly if you are a Clark Kent fan.  I simply don't understand what the writers were going for here.  The very worst episode of the arc, Power, is directed by Allison Mack (Chloe Sullivan), and its terrible.    The other major failing of the season is the fact that outside of Welling and Mack, no other character is around for more then 13 episodes.  This makes the season feel very choppy, and disrupts character arcs.  Lois and Jimmy were particularly hard hit by this choice.      Also noticeable is the shows cut rate budget, though to the shows credit, they still manage some spectacular effects, such as Clark's leaping a tall building in Hex, and his jumping from a plane with an unconscious Tess in his arms.  Not enough credit can be given to Welling who sells the super stuff incredibly well.    Overall, I thought S8 got far more right then wrong, and made some great strides in its first half.  But Smallville has been long plagued with a tendency to veer off the rails about mid-season, and unfortunately, even with a change in producers, that trait continues.
B000001FDK|4.0|the only dissapointing thing about the cd was that it did not include the song words.
B0026NWBY2|1.0|No complaint for the song selections on this first modern remastering of George's greatest and notable \\"hits.\\"  What's shameless is that nowhere in the 28-page glossy booklet is mention made of the musicians who played on the recording sessions.  Dhani Harrison, George's son, would be well advised to give credit where credit is due, and to list the cats who played when he continues to remaster and reissue other Harrison works.  Btw, does anyone know that guitar-great David Bromberg played on \\"All Things Must Pass,\\" but was not credited when the seminal work was released?
B0000DZ3IG|5.0|Actually bought this on accident, wanted the movie.  But a lot of what I love about the movie IS the soundtrack!  So even though I haven't really used the CD much, it's still got a LOT of great tracks and is a good buy.
B000JVT09C|5.0|This is a must own for all comic book movie fans!  The picture quailty is excellent.  Brandon Routh is a very good replacement for Christopher Reeve.  Lots of well spread out action, good plot, good supporting cast.  Like most of the comic book movies coming out nowadays Superman Returns is actually a good movie (comic book aside)!
B001FB4W0W|4.0|This is no Twilight.  It is good but borders on porn.  Very different for a vampire story.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|I like the sound quality over my previous sony mx600. It is well built and the padding is comfy. I use it for gaming such as l4d and source. For music its just as good, very clear and sharp. It has enough bass to make me happy plus I can increase it in my sound options. This is A MUST BUY, trust me dont waste ur money on those 200 dollar earphones.<br /><br />And I received it in 2 days. FAST SHIPPING.
0307408833|4.0|Ok, so, admittedly the ingredients are hard to find and expensive. But you can feel good making that investment when you buy this book, and you will be happy you find it. The Raspberry Scones are fantastic--YES!  So far that's the only thing I've made, but my manly man with a sweet tooth is demanding something with FROSTING. So that's what I'll be making next--frosting.     No, it's not as easy as other baked goods, nor as inexpensive. But if you have allergies, well, you are already spending money on alternate ingredients. Make some BabyCakes!!
B00005QCVY|5.0|I appreciate the fact that I received the DVD within 7-days of purchase. Packaging and quality very nice!
B0015AARJI|1.0|listed as new and wasn't and order on 16 got on 30 after threatening legal recoarse
B000V4UFZK|4.0|It took a little longer to receive this movie compared to others I've ordered.  But, the DVD arrived in good shape and plays without interruption.  I would consider another purchase from this vendor.
B001FBIPF0|5.0|I myself am a more Hip-Hop oriented music fan. For the past 3 years its been nuthin but Hip Hop and R&B, but something happened this year for some reason. I started to REALLY get into rock (more specifically modern) and I grow more and more into loving it. I have to thank Fall Out Boy for that, their the first group that I've grown to love and has ever since, listen to them non-stop and Hip Hop is growing old on me, don't get me wrong, people need to listen to essential Hip Hop like Nas, Lupe Fiasco, Mos Def, Little Brother and such.<br /><br />Folie A Deux was the first rock album I got and I don't regret one bit. The first single \\"Americas Suitehearts\\" caught my attention first and was the track that forced me to buy the album. The whole album is great, has a bunch of great melodic catchy hooks, but honestly the lyrics don't grasp me but I guess its cause of my rap lyrical habits so I can't really contrast punk rock lyrics. But nontheless the album is great from finish to start.<br /><br />Favorite Tracks<br /><br />She's My Winona - it starts out great and ends great. Patrick Stumps voice can be amazing at times and this song just proves it. The rythematic guitar and the \\"oh oh oh oh\\" is just catchy.<br /><br />America's Suithearts - was the first single I heard of the album and still remains my personal favorite. Pat's vocal range is amazing and never ceases to amaze me. The instrumental harmony is the thing that catches on to me, but everyone would agree that this is one of the stronger songs on the album.<br /><br />Headfirst Slide Into Cooperstown On A Bad Bet - this song took me a while but eventually became one of my favorites. The lyrics are great, the story is interesting and Patrick Stump's delivery is great. The hook will just keep you addicted to the song.<br /><br />Tiffany Blews - I would say this is the strongest track on the album. The chorus is strong and impactful, plus their's a little surprise on the song as well. Lil Wayne isn't mentioned but he is actually featured on this track and I have to say that his part is actually intuitive and proves that he's not one-dimensional afterall. A great song.to say that his part is actually intuitive and proves that he's not one-dimensional afterall. A great song.
B001DJLCPE|4.0|Version: U.S.A / Sony / Region Free  Aspect ratio: 1.66:1  Original aspect ratio: 1.85:1  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / AACS  Running time: 1:34:45  Movie size: 23,949,828,096 bytes  Disc size: 32,942,746,598 bytes  Total bit rate: 33.70 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 25.96 Mbps    Dolby TrueHD Audio              English         1299 kbps       5.1 / 48 kHz / 1299 kbps / 16-bit (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps)  Dolby Digital Audio             English         192 kbps        2.0 / 48 kHz / 192 kbps  Dolby TrueHD Audio              French          1217 kbps       5.1 / 48 kHz / 1217 kbps / 16-bit (AC3 Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 640 kbps)  DTS Express                     English         128 kbps        2.0 / 48 kHz / 128 kbps / 24-bit    Subtitles: English, English SDH, French, Arabic, Dutch  Number of chapters: 16    #The Cold War (BonusView - PIP track)  #Inside Dr. Strangelove (SD - 46 minutes)  #No Fighting in the War Room (SD - 30 minutes)  #An Interview with Robert McNamara (SD - 25 minutes)  #Best Sellers (SD - 19 minutes)  #The Art of Stanley Kubrick (SD - 14 minutes)  #Split-Screen Interviews (SD - 7 minutes)  #BD-Live enabled
B001ED7C58|4.0|I am a Twilight fan, so I have a tendency to be biased about anything regarding the movie or books.  So, take that for what you will.  :)Personally, I think this is a really good cd.  I listen to it quite a bit.  There are a couble songs I skip every time, though.  Robert Pattinson's is one of them -- I can't make out half of what he's saying!
B001UN1KVE|4.0|Version: U.S.A, Japan, E.U / FOX-MGM / Region Free  MPEG-4 AVC BD-50 / BD+  Aspect ratio: 1.85:1  Running time: 1:36:12  Movie size: 32,369,283,072 bytes  Disc size: 38,417,543,482 bytes  Total bit rate: 44.86 Mbps  Average video bit rate: 31.79 Mbps    DTS-HD Master Audio             English         3957 kbps       5.1 / 48 kHz / 3957 kbps / 24-bit (DTS Core: 5.1 / 48 kHz / 1509 kbps / 24-bit)  Dolby Digital Audio             Japanese        448 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 448 kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         224 kbps        2.0 / 48 kHz / 224 kbps / Dolby Surround  DTS Audio                       French          768 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 768 kbps / 16-bit  DTS Audio                       German          768 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 768 kbps / 16-bit  DTS Audio                       Italian         768 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 768 kbps / 16-bit  DTS Audio                       Spanish         768 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 768 kbps / 16-bit  Dolby Digital Audio             Hungarian       448 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 448 kbps  DTS Audio                       Spanish         768 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 768 kbps / 24-bit  Dolby Digital Audio             Portuguese      448 kbps        5.1 / 48 kHz / 448 kbps  Dolby Digital Audio             English         224 kbps        2.0 / 48 kHz / 224 kbps    Subtitles: English SDH, Japanese, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Danish, Finnish, Norwegian, Swedish, Portuguese, Hungarian  Number of chapters: 32    #Audio commentary track with Writer/Director/Actor  #Spaceballs: The Documentary (SD - 30m:04s)  #In Conversation (SD - 20m:30s)   #John Candy: Comic Spirit (SD - 10m:02s)  #Watch the Movie in Ludicrous Speed (HD - 29s)   #Still galleries  #The Art Gallery (SD - 06m:41s)   #6 Film Flubs (SD)  #Special Behind-the-Scenes Footage  #Theatrical trailer
B00005Y6YB|5.0|There are enough other reviews here with details of the movie-no need for me to duplicate any of that info. Suffice it to say, IMO, this is without question one of the finest western's ever filmed.     Just MAKE SURE, if you buy it, you get the entire full-length movie!
B001ED7C58|5.0|I enjoyed the music while watching the film, especially the music playing during the baseball scene, not knowing anything about any of the bands or songs chosen for the film. I bought the soundtrack and haven't been sorry. All the music is very good, all in different ways. I have really enjoyed learning the songs and it is a great thing to pop in while driving to work or working out. I have already gotten my money's worth out of it.
0316067598|5.0|This book had me captivated from the first chapter.  While I was reading I had to keep reminding myself that it is a true story, unbelievable!  This is one of those books where you will visually place yourself into the story, a movie in your mind.  Easily one of the best books I have ever read!
0385340575|3.0|I've read all the Lee Child books and have enjoyed most of them. After reading many of the other reviews I'm surprized that weren't more negative comments regarding the plot.  The story keeps you guessing. There is enough action to make it interesting, but the payoff at the end of the book lacks credibility and substance. I have stopped reading David Baldachi's books for the same reason.  After spending many hours trying to sort out where the story might take you, an ending that is far fetched and unrealistic leaves me feeling burned. If you feel similar about Baldachi's books you could skip this one.
B00159679S|5.0|With over eighty responses to the detailed lead review for this huge box set, there's not much influence a latecomer can hope to have. However, after listening to all ten operas, mostly of Sixties vintage,, I had significantly different reactions. It goes without saying that anyone interested in Bayreuth will want to spring for these reissues. The essential fact, that these are notable performances in excellent sound, can't be disputed.<br /><br />For me, it was the unexpected successes that brought the most pleasure. The 1962 Tannhauser under Sawallisch is a case in point. It has been acclaimed as the best on disc by the Gramophone, and one would have a hard time disagreeing, even with the equally acclaimed Solti studio version in sight. The spirit of dramatic excitement shines through, and the amazingly precocious Anja Silja as a girlish Elisabeth is very winning.  The all-around singing rises to a very high level, with only Grace Bumbry as Venus sounding too effortful and not voluptuous enough.<br /><br />Sawallisch never panned out as a great conductor, and here in his early promise he's quite good without being inspired. The Lohengrin and Flying Dutchman under him are standouts in this collection. I was as impressed with the latter as with Tannhauser; the cast is strong from top to bottom (although Jess Thomas has lsot a good deal of voice by the third act), with Silja offering another astonishing performance. the only downside is that Sawallisch doesn't generate enough excitement at times. Bohm's classic Tristan with Nilsson in her prime and Windgassen trailing off his needs no defense. It's been a classic for over four decades and grows stronger with time.<br /><br />Leaving the Ring aside for the moment, it's the Meistersinger under Silvio Varviso and James Levine's Parsifal that will probably cause the most controversy.  I have a neutral impression of the Meistersinger, balancing good and bad. Varviso's pacing is light and quick for the most part, and his ability to keep the action moving makes for a nice stage experience. Cox and Bode aren't stellar as Walther and Eva, but they fit into the ensemble well. I'd rather hear Cox's pleasant tenor than Rene Kollo's grating one, which all but spoils the studio sets from Karajan and Solti both. Ridderbusch isn't the most characterful Sachs, but hes' vocally assured. I'd rather hear him than the irritating Theo Adam for Karajan.<br /><br />About the Parsifal I can't be very positive. Thanks to Levine's agonizing crawl through the score and good-enough but not stellar singing in several major roles (Amfortas, Parsifal himself), this set doesn't prove very enticing.<br /><br />Now the Ring.  The lead reviewer claims that this is a \\"very, very great\\" reading, although some \\"revile\\" it.  both extremes are unreliable. the cast duplicates Solti's cycle in most regards, and none of the singers, including Nilsson, is as fresh or secure as they are in the studio. This is no black mark against them; live Wagner has its ups and downs, and the taxing nature of the major roles makes perfection impossible. I strongly object o Bohm's rushd, impatient conducting, and there's lots of clunking in terms of stage noise. Still, this is a famous Ring cycle with many adherents. I can't understand why anyone would categorize the serviceable Wotan of Theo Adam as \\"very great,\\" but then, I am allergic to his grainy, gargly voice altogether.<br /><br />Looking at these ten performances, I would place the Tannhauser far above the lead reviewer's estimate, the Meistersinger a bit higher, and the Parsifal considerably lower.  Nobody seems to reach consensus on all the Ring cycles now on the market. I'd rate the Bohm as one of the better live versions, along with Clemens Krauss and Pierre Boulez. So there you are.bility to keep the action moving makes for a nice stage experience. Cox and Bode aren't stellar as Walther and Eva, but they fit into the ensemble well. I'd rather hear Cox's pleasant tenor than Rene Kollo's grating one, which all but spoils the studio sets from Karajan and Solti both. Ridderbusch isn't the most characterful Sachs, but hes' vocally assured. I'd rather hear him than the irritating Theo Adam for Karajan.<br /><br />About the Parsifal I can't be very positive. Thanks to Levine's agonizing crawl through the score and good-enough but not stellar singing in several major roles (Amfortas, Parsifal himself), this set doesn't prove very enticing.<br /><br />Now the Ring.  The lead reviewer claims that this is a \\"very, very great\\" reading, although some \\"revile\\" it.  both extremes are unreliable. the cast duplicates Solti's cycle in most regards, and none of the singers, including Nilsson, is as fresh or secure as they are in the studio. This is no black mark against them; live Wagner has its ups and downs, and the taxing nature of the major roles makes perfection impossible. I strongly object o Bohm's rushd, impatient conducting, and there's lots of clunking in terms of stage noise. Still, this is a famous Ring cycle with many adherents. I can't understand why anyone would categorize the serviceable Wotan of Theo Adam as \\"very great,\\" but then, I am allergic to his grainy, gargly voice altogether.<br /><br />Looking at these ten performances, I would place the Tannhauser far above the lead reviewer's estimate, the Meistersinger a bit higher, and the Parsifal considerably lower.  Nobody seems to reach consensus on all the Ring cycles now on the market. I'd rate the Bohm as one of the better live versions, along with Clemens Krauss and Pierre Boulez. So there you are.
0316067598|4.0|Let me first say that on subject this is a 10 on a scale of 5!  As the son of a career Naval Petty Officer and having lived on Marine bases, I applaud the bravery and mission of these men.  The story of this battle is incredible: a page turner that will have you in tears!  But I also agree that Luttrell's bashing and blaming on the liberal media is overt and not totally warranted (read low ranked reviews which are mainly from experienced Special Forces officers for their opinion).  Also, the first part concerning his training is just entirely too long and I scanned some pages till deep in Seal training.<br /><br />But stay on the message: an incredible fight by incredible fighting men.  An inspiring story that is well worth the read, just scan a few parts till you get to the Afghanstan story.  And to the families of these and other fallen heros, you have my undying gratitude.
B0016Q2D5M|5.0|[[ASIN:B0016Q2D5M Journey to the Center of the Earth]]  This is just plain fun.  Love the humor.  Great for the whole family.  It's nice that they didn't try to copy the 1959 movie.  It stands on it's own.  Sure hope they make another along these lines.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|In what promises to be Clint Eastwood's valedictory role as an actor he once again reimagines the Man With No Name-Dirty Harry persona so that's so burnished in our collective psyche.  Walt Kowalski(Eastwood) is a retired Ford worker who can be best described as grizzled, profane, and just a little bit Archie Bunker-ish in his worldview.  Not the least bit misanthropic he feels more of a connection to his '72 Gran Torino than he does his own family.  Dig a little deeper, though, you find a man bearing the scars of his service in the Korean conflict.  Walt has an ingrained perception of the American dream but finds that being challenged by the changing face of his Detroit neighborhood particularly his reaction to the Hmong family who live next door to him.  Through a series of events, though, Walt developes a connection daresay a deep-rooted respect for the Hmong. Walt also feels, even in his dotage, the obligation to serve as protector to this family in an ever increasing hostile environment.  I harken back to \\"Unforgiven\\" when Eastwood re-evaluated his Western persona.  Here, Eastwood does a re-examination of his more reactionary film characters.  This film was cleverly advertised by it's makers as a geriatric action extravaganza.  For sure justice is meted out in the end but not remotely in a way you would think.  This film definitely stands out in the canon of Eastwood's illustrious career.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Let me start with I am not an athlete. I've always been on the chubby side, and I enjoy a good meal. I'm not looking to loose 100 lbs, I just want to be healthy - have more energy, feel stronger, and better about myself. I must say I was impressed that I could get this in 20 minutes. If I loose 20lbs that would be nice, but I know myself enough to know I'm not committed to that much of a lifestyle change - yet. 20 minutes a day though? I can give that a try.<br /><br />I've never seen the show, other than through clips on E! or that nonsense. I'm not one of those people who \\"has tried everything under the sun\\". My sister recommended this to me because she thought it was a good workout. She's the one who is in shape, and I figured if she could barely walk after day 2, then I'd give it a shot.<br /><br />Unlike other reviewers, I found that after 3 months of not going to the gym, or doing any sort of exercise, I was able to start with level one. It was difficult, I sure couldn't do all the \\"rockstar moves\\" but I kept with it and within a week and a half I was on to level 2. I will say that first 2-4 days of level one I could barely walk afterwords - seriously looked like I was crippled. But it was one of those \\"oh my gosh I've had a great workout\\" total body soreness, and not a pain from injury feeling. I've been at level 2 for about 3 weeks now, and I can tell there is a major difference in my endurance, strenghth, energy, and all the other mental positives that come from working out. I don't own a scale, so I can't say if I've lost weight - but at this time that's not my goal. This is the first week I've committed to doing it every day - no skipping (I'm on day four, after averaging about 3-4 times per week), and that is the way to go if you are really looking for results. It's tough - your body will tell you you are too sore/tired to do it, but it goes by in 20 minutes! keep with it!<br /><br />I've had it from Netflix this whole time to try it out, and after 3 weeks I'm ready to purchase - I just looked at level 3 and think I'll be there this time next week.<br /><br />The one downside from this video is the severe lack of stretching. I personally believe that you should spend 10 minutes stretching after a workout while your body is warmed up - just based on my limited experience in high school gym and running cross country that one year. Maybe that's why Jillian isn't flexible. But trust me - it's easier to stretch when warmed up, do yourself a favor and avoid injury and feel better and do a little more stretching after your workout. I like to do some yoga afterwords.ase - I just looked at level 3 and think I'll be there this time next week.     The one downside from this video is the severe lack of stretching. I personally believe that you should spend 10 minutes stretching after a workout while your body is warmed up - just based on my limited experience in high school gym and running cross country that one year. Maybe that's why Jillian isn't flexible. But trust me - it's easier to stretch when warmed up, do yourself a favor and avoid injury and feel better and do a little more stretching after your workout. I like to do some yoga afterwords.
B00005JPAO|4.0|This film depicts the feeling of ambiguity that was generated around the hysterical mourning for Diana Spencer. It also suggests, correctly,in a powerful way, that the impact that public opinion had which forced the Royal's response, the demand for a public display of emotion, had a fundamentally debilitating effect on people's views of the Monarchy. That the Queen actually gave the public address as her own decision, rather than from the advice of Tony Blair (as suggested in the film), would be more consistent with reality then this film. Of course the Prime Minister would never offer such advice nor would the correspondence between the Queen and the Prime Minister ever be divulged. Firstly, such a suggestion would pressure the Queen to be political, and secondly, no correspondence between a monarch and a Prime Minister concerning a fundamental issue of constitutional duty would be divulged because it would violate state protocol (its something for historians 200 years from now to read about).  I lived next to Hyde Park in a University of London hall of residence when the events this film  depicted actually took place, there were plenty of people who went to the park because they were mystified by the outpouring of emotion.  What this film does show very bluntly is how the population forced a change in Royal protocol.  The flying of the flag at half-mast, the intermixing between the crowd and the Queen. In the scene depicting the intermixing there is a sound over from a TV news broadcast saying that this hadn't happened since the celebration of the end of the second world war. That suddenly said it all for us who were there but skeptical.  This nothing of a woman, Diana, that everyone had read feelings and emotion into, forced the Monarch to do something that hadn't been done since the end of WW2, and then in celebration.  Well, I guess the death of Diana was exactly the same as a war that killed 50 odd million people, wasn't it? I guess flying the flag at half mast was correct after its role for centuries had been simply to denote the presence of the Monarch. What is implied in this movie is exactly what has happened in Britain since the Diana event: the monarchy, the constitutional symbol of Britain, has diminished in significance in people's minds and people have forgotten about Diana.  The Queen's instincts to remain aloof were correct. Her action, forced on her by a mob of morons who were boobyed by Diana's death, has helped undermine the British sense of self. In these days of economic problems, the Queen is no longer someone beyond politics and  worldliness to look to for comforting support. Was it worth it?
B000MNP2KI|4.0|I was ready to be fully disappointed by \\"CR\\", specifically with Daniel Craig as the new James Bond. Ever since pretty boy Roger Moore left his bland tenure as Bond, Bond flicks had become enjoyable again, with Timothy Dalton and Pierce Brosnan bringing the franchise back to respectability again in movies with ACTUAL PLOTLINES, like \\"The Living Daylights\\", \\"Goldeneye\\" or \\"The World Is Not Enough\\". And now they were going to \\"reboot\\" the franchise with a new actor that just did NOT fit the mold as typically suave and debonair?? CHEZ INFAMIE!!<br /><br />However, \\"Casino Royale\\", and its followup, \\"Quantum of Solace\\", actually WORK!! In \\"Casino\\", based on the very first Bond novel by Ian Fleming, Bond earns his \\"double O\\" status within the first ten minutes of action in the teaser. He proceeds to track down a bomber somewhere in Uganda, offending \\"M\\" in the bargain, breaking into her apartment, hacking her computer and generally compromising her own little security capsule. Oddly enough, Judi Dench is held over as the head of MI6 in this film, even though she was Brosnan's \\"M\\", and we know that Bond had MALE \\"M's\\" before Brosnan. Oh, and here's another twist, for some reason, the gunsight intro doesn't take place until the movie ENDS in this one!<br /><br />Craig's Bond is a lot colder, a lot brasher....more along Timothy Dalton's line than either Moore, Brosnan OR Connery, but there IS the working class edge that Connery has....though I think, perhaps, Craig might have made a better Harry Palmer than ol' Jimmy Boy. There is a LOT of action in this movie and \\"Quantum\\".<br /><br />Oddly enough, the Palmer movies were produced by the very same people that produce the Bond films.<br /><br />Fancy that.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|**Mild Spoiler Alert**<br /><br />Margaret Hale (Daniela Denby-Ashe) is uprooted from her beloved home in the south of England by her idealistic clergy father to the industrial town of Milton in the north. There she meets John Thornton (Richard Armitage) the owner of a cotton mill struggling with labor problems. When Margaret meets John she immediately takes a dislike to him because he is in the process of brutally dismissing a worker who is smoking in his factory. Unaware of his motives-he's concerned about the factory burning and killing his employees-she marks him as dark and brutish. John begins taking lessons from Margaret's father and slowly develops a crush on her. He proposes marriage, she refuses. She overcomes her prejudices against John after learning more about him, but he succumbs to gossip about her and convinces himself he no longer loves her. And so the back and forth of missed connections continues through five titillating episodes of will they or won't they. Will they overcome their pride and confess their affection? Will they listen to gossip or follow their heart? Will Margaret learn to love Milton and come to understand John's values? The romantic push and pull is played out most interestingly against the backdrop of turn of the century labor struggles in England.<br /><br />Anyone intrigued with the type of romantic chemistry found in movies like [[ASIN:B00003CXDC When Harry Met Sally]] and [[ASIN:0141439513 Pride and Prejudice (Penguin Classics)]] will be head over heels in love with North and South. Two sworn enemies begin brewing with passion and affection for eachother...it's the most satisfying sort of girl porn. John Milton is played most passionately and affectionately by Richard Armitage. Dark, brooding, but decisive and oh so sexy...he's the perfect hero of this romantic masterpiece. I don't usually like dark haired men, but he's butter. Delightful.<br /><br />If you like the romantic element of this series, I'd highly recommend the BBC production of [[ASIN:B00005MP58 Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition (A&E, 1996)]]. If you end up liking the BBC production, I'd also recommend [[ASIN:B00009MGGI House of Cards Trilogy (House of Cards / To Play the King / The Final Cut)]]. It's a different sort of story altogether, but the BBC did an excellent job with this book to movie production as well.B00005MP58 Pride and Prejudice - The Special Edition (A&E, 1996)]]. If you end up liking the BBC production, I'd also recommend [[ASIN:B00009MGGI House of Cards Trilogy (House of Cards / To Play the King / The Final Cut)]]. It's a different sort of story altogether, but the BBC did an excellent job with this book to movie production as well.
0316017922|5.0|This was another eye opener by Malcolm Gladwell, who I saw speaking on BookTV on Cspan and fell in love with him.  He's a fantastic author, but his book presentatios are even better.  This book, Outliers, explained a lot of what we have always thought was luck and skill, and once he unveiled the truth, everything went \\"click\\".  As usual.
B001B9N6LO|4.0|I'm a fan of Plan Toys and was very excited to buy this item for my 23-month old (car crazy) son. The garage has been a disappointment to us both overall, and here is why:    1. It's smaller than I expected it to be.  2. Unless it's elevated on a table or other object, it it is hard to play with. If it's on the ground it's virtually impossible to use the bottom deck (where the gas pumps are), and pretty hard to use the middle deck as well.  3. It doesn't work too well with matchbox cars and trucks; you really do need to us Plan Toys' (small lighweight) little cars - other vehicles are just too big.  4. The two ramps just rest on two little pegs at the top of each, so they come off all the time. They were not designed to be permenently affixed to the structure, so unless you crazy glue them down they will pop off a lot. Very bad design! Also, even when they are on their pegs they are not flush against the garage, and the little gap means cars don't roll down very easily. We got around this last problem by crazy-gluing the ramps to the garage.    UPDATE: A year and a half later now and my son plays with this garage quite often. One of our recent discoveries about this garage is that Thomas the Train tracks can be plugged right into it. The holes they plug into are designed for Plan Toys road tracks, but fit perfectly with train tracks. This gave a whole new life to this garage! My son loves to incorporate into his train track configurations so that the trains drive through and/or up it on their travels. This toy has proved more lasting and fun than it appeared at first that it would.
B0026JWDQW|5.0|As a fan of Paolo, I was utterly surprised to hear his mixture of mid 70's music, Jazz and Motown. Of course, he also adds his traditional sounds which come together to make a new album that directly showcases his talent and inspiration when it comes to music. This delightful album is his sophomore CD which had more energy when compared to his previous album. Paolo has ensured that an audience will be treated to a variety of music that is, was, and will forever be the creation of an artist that displays his vast recognition/knowledge of soulful music! Hope you enjoy his album!
B001LV5OOY|5.0|Let´s be frank, even in good albums you get two or three good songs. What are the odds that you get in a Debut album all excellent tracks, classics all of them, made by guys in their early 20´s and that even being the bleak, utterly 80´s thing it is do appeal to teenagers in 2009 and to eighties freaks like me ? Well, it´s pretty hard to get something like that. All I can say, this is the best album I have ever bought. Two weeks after I couldn´t get my ears and mind out of it it got mysteriously eaten (literally) by my new Hi Fi. It´s inside it in fact (I think so). Though I preffer to think that the utter blackness of it oppened a wormhole to another dimension starting at my stereo. I will need to purchase it again. It´s no pain for me because I already cannot live without that sound. I saw accidentally the video of To Loose my Life in TV and I started the search immediatelly. Then by the end of the track A Place to Hide I understood I was listening to something trully great. Those bass sounds over total silence by the end of the song are one of the darkest, sweetest things I have ever heard. Its like crossing in front of a oscure factory in the desert where The Jesus and Mary Chain are testing their guitars. The lyrics are very good too. The influences are clear but let´s not get lost here. Those guys are brand new and they can overpass all the masters I can think of. Long life to their creativity.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is a very entertaining look at today's society. Just substitute the word \\"gay\\" for vampire. Or substitute ecstasy (E) for the drug of choice in the series for \\"V\\".  Hopefully this will make some people examine their own prejudices.
B001V9LRV0|5.0|The WOODSTOCK: 3 DAYS OF PEACE & MUSIC DIRECTOR'S CUT (40TH ANNIVERSARY) DVD SET is worth buying even if you already have the older DVD [[ASIN:0790729350 Woodstock - 3 Days of Peace & Music (The Director's Cut)]].<br /><br />I think the transfer looks sharper and less grainy than the previous DVD release and this time the concert is split onto two DVDs instead of the double-sided one like before. The film looks really good and the only thing that gives away the fact that it wasn't filmed yesterday is the color palette.<br /><br />The DVD set comes in a collector's box with faux leather-suede fringe and an iron on \\"Woodstock\\" patch that you peel off the box. The DVDs are housed in 3 cardboard sleeves that are laminated on the sides that come in contact with the DVDs. I read that one reviewer found all of the DVDs were scratched on the playable sides, but luckily mine were fine.<br /><br />WOODSTOCK was a three-day concert featuring some of the hottest rock bands of that era (some that would become legendary from that concert) that took place in 1969 on a farm in Bethel, NY. It drew an estimated crowd of over 400,000 people of all races, ages, and classes. Even though so many things went wrong like not having enough food or water, or even proper bathroom or lodgings for the crowd, it was a peaceful event. Woodstock showed the world that music and people (mostly young) could come together and be with each other in peace, harmony and love, and really look out for one another.<br /><br />The film not only documents this happening beautifully, but it puts the viewer right in the middle of the action not only on stage but in the crowd, too. Truly worth seeing to know what the hype was all about.<br /><br />*** DVDs 1 & 2 *** This is the movie ***<br />These two DVDs contain the director's cut of the documentary and a special featurette taking viewers on a tour of the Woodstock museum at Bethel Woods dedicated to preserving the Woodstock experience.<br /><br />*** DVD 3 *** This is the EXTRAS DVD ***<br /><br />====  02:27:00 (hour:minute:second) with \\"play all\\" or \\"scene selection\\"<br />Additional performances not seen in the film. The Grateful Dead must have been blitzed 'cause they jam for like 40-minutes on one song! I read about their legendary performances--where they go on for hours--but this time I got to witness it! There's also great additional footage of people arriving for the concert, the closing end of the festival, and a commercial for the art and music fair during this segment.<br /><br />====  01:16:52 (h:m:s) again with \\"p/a\\" or \\"s/s\\" [22-featurettes in all]<br />This segment chronicles the making of the festival from concert to movie with interviews done in the present with people like director Michael Wadleigh and associate producer Dale Bell. Also included are some musicians, behind the scenes people, Martin Scorsese who was an assistant director/editor at the time, and the executive producer Michael Lang who was featured in the movie riding his motor bike to and fro, trying to get things off the ground.<br /><br />I really enjoyed these featurettes because they give you an inside view on all of the obstacles that went on behind the scenes of this fabled concert and how it all came together in the eleventh hour. The last segment is an excerpt from Playboy's show \\"After Dark\\" where Hugh Hefner interviews Wadleigh on that show. Hefner introduces the segment.<br /><br />*** DVD 3 *** This is the AMAZON BONUS DVD ***<br />====  00:10:17 (h:m:s)<br />More never before seen performances though it only runs a paltry 10-minutes.<br /><br />====  00:10:58<br />Three more featurettes dealing with behind the scenes stuff, but again just shy of 11-minutes. I want more!<br /><br />*** MISC *** STUFF (stuff that I thought deserve a mention)<br />ENVELOPE== stuffed with replica \\"3-Day Ticket\\" and fact sheet; plus replicas of handwritten signs left by concert goers who got separated from their parties (remember no cell phones back then!).<br /><br />LIFE MAGAZINE== miniature reproduction of the special edition of Life magazine of Woodstock. Cool mini-mag with pictures in color and b&w and article about the concert, etc.<br /><br />I'm glad I bought this set even though I had the DVD from 1994. I'll just sell that one. It's totally worth it for 60s fans, those who were there or who have parents or relatives who were there, or for any classic rock fan or fan of counter-culture.<br /><br />BTW, those who are looking for the footage that showed Yippie leader Abbie Hoffman getting booted off the stage during the Who's set, it isn't on here, but there is additional performances by the Who (We're Not Gonna Take It and My Generation).. Cool mini-mag with pictures in color and b&w and article about the concert, etc.     I'm glad I bought this set even though I had the DVD from 1994. I'll just sell that one. It's totally worth it for 60s fans, those who were there or who have parents or relatives who were there, or for any classic rock fan or fan of counter-culture.    BTW, those who are looking for the footage that showed Yippie leader Abbie Hoffman getting booted off the stage during the Who's set, it isn't on here, but there is additional performances by the Who (We're Not Gonna Take It and My Generation).
B001LV5OOY|4.0|The singer of White Lies sounds alot like Julian Cope. The recording has a 80's sound to it like Teardrop Explodes or early Cope. But, the songs are more anthemic like The Killers or Franz Ferdinand.    [DW]
B000MXPE74|4.0|Love this album. Great energy, great harmonies, very uptempo. Only a couple of the songs on this album are throw aways. Everything else I can listen to over an over again.
031606792X|4.0|I loved this whole series.  It was nice to see a different twist on the vampires instead of the same old coffin and garlic that we been hearing about for years. Thank you Stephanie!!
0446615641|5.0|Watch the government today with Acorn and all of Congress getting away with what YOU would be incarcerated for - and then read this book.  Mind boggling possible truth.  Baldacci is an excellent writer.  He goes to the heart of today's problems, stirs up your blood, races your pulse, throws in twists and curves, unravels your beliefs and gives you the best read you can purchase.  Buy the AUTHOR - not just the book.
B001HN697M|5.0|Third of the Underworld series, Rise Of The Lycans takes place in the medieval Dark Ages, hundreds of years before the first Underworld and the bulk of Underworld: Evolution, and perhaps a (human) generation or two after the flashback portion of Underworld: Evolution where we witnessed the dawn of the vampire and werewolf (or Lycan, in Underworld terminology) races.  The vampires reign supreme over a fair-sized swath of territory in Europe, existing as feudal overlords to the frightened humans (who only suspect what the land's masters really are) and have enslaved almost all the remaining Lycans.  The Lycans at this time are bestial and aggressive, never taking human form and assumed to be incapable of actual thought (although this is called into question later in the movie).  History reaches a pivot point with the birth of a new kind of Lycan - born human, and later capable of transformation back and forth.  This is Lucian (Michael Sheen), familiar to viewers of the series, and although the reigning vampire lord Viktor (Bill Nighy, also a familiar face from the previous chapters)'s first instinct is to kill the newborn infant, he hesitates - whether out of compassion or out of seeing the potential in a new breed of slave, one's never quite sure - and lets the child live.      Lucian grows to an adult and, as viewers of the original know, falls in love with the vampire Sonja, daughter of Viktor, which viewers also know is going to be the catalyst for war between the races.  We know in advance that their love is going to end tragically, but, as with a movie like Titanic, knowing things are going to end badly only amps up the emotions and the tragedy.  Without going into too much detail, Lucian, who's favored among Lycans but still a slave, is already moving down the path of being a potential liberator/semi-messianic figure for his terribly-treated brethren; the horrors of what happens when Viktor uncovers the relationship between his daughter and what he considersa 'beast' seal the path of fate and flames Lucian into leading a full-out insurrection, not only of the slave Lycans within the fortress walls of the vampires' domain, but of the 'wild' Lycans outside.      I initially didn't know how well a third Underworld was going to turn out without Selene (Kate Beckinsale) and Michael (Scott Speedman) in it; as it turns out it worked great.  The roles of Lucian and Viktor in the Underworld mythos became even larger, and both actors (who did great jobs in the original) give tour-de-force, multi-facted performances.  Sonja (Rhona Mitra)'s resemblance to Selene in both appearance and temperament isn't coincidence: it was established in the first movie that Selene's resemblance to Viktor's deceased daughter was why he made her a vampire in the first place and why he favored her over the centuries.  The three leads - Lucian, Viktor and Sonja - anchor the movie so well (and the performers play their parts so well) that the abscence of Selene and Michael doesn't hurt the movie (although I still wouldn't mind if they returned for Underworld 4).  The character of Raze (Kevin Grevioux) from the first movie is also present, and his role is greatly expanded on.      Underworld: Rise Of The Lycans is a highly stylized (the most so of the trilogy), grand-scale, effectively gory, horror epic with terrific visuals, action, and a beautifully captured world of iron and stone, forests and labyrinths, ferocious werewolves and icy vampires.      I hope they follow this up with a fourth chapter - whether it takes place somewhere between this one's ending and the start of the first movie, or whether it takes place after Underworld: Evolution (and actually, they could even go back to before the flashback from Evolution, either in an entire movie or in little slivers as just part of a movie); this is a mythos that could continue to expand for a while longer, and could even bring in other creatures/elements from folklore and legend to play a role.
B000B5XOSO|1.0|I never saw Batman Returns before Batman Begins. Turns out there was a good reason my brother did not own this movie, even though he and I have always loved Batman since we were old enough to know what Batman was. We've had repeat viewings of all of these batman movies over and over, probably over twenty times each (even the Dark Knight). So why hadn't we ever seen this one? We got it, and well...we wished we'd never subjected ourselves to one of the worst movies of all time...    I do not understand how this movie was not a huge box office bomb. I cannot awkowledge how happy I was for Joel Schumacher to take over the series after this. Batman Forever may be a little ridicoulous with all the neon lights and gay undertones, and Batman And Robin may be way beyond the definition of campy, but this movie is just horrible.    To start off, Danny Devito plays the penquin. He is not a mobster, a gentlemen who is kind of the opposite of Bruce Wayne. Instead he was \\"raised\\" by Penquins, has gross hands, is nasty, and extremely annoying. And he is no more or less campy than Mr. Freeze's ice puns in batman and Robin.    Then there is Michelle Pheiefer. To start off, her outfit is not actual Catwoman; it is instead like the Black Cat from Spider-Man. Then, instead of being a simple criminal inspired by Batman, she is some ressurected, very annoying woman who is reborn by being bitten by cats. To top it all off, being one of the most over-rated actresses of all time, Michelle gives a barely medicore preformance as usual and is praised again.    Does anyone find this all to be beyond stupid? This whole movie is more of \\"Tim Burton's Funhouse\\" than anything resembling Batman. In fact, Michael Keaton is barely in it. He is reduced to randomly killing some guys from \\"the red triangle\\" gang and then hatching a plan to defeat penquins armed with rockets (Stupid!) The movie instead the movie seems to love it's really dumb, just plain wrong to the source material characters.    The onlydecent part about this movie is Max Shrek. Played by Christopher Walken, he kills Catwoman/Selina Kyle. I liked him for doing this and wished she would've stayed dead. He was also kind of scary, and an interesting businessman. And he's not even a comic character.    All in all, stupidity ensues from start to finish, which is a shame considering the fact the 1st movie was pretty good. At least in Batman and Robin, Mr. Freeze has a cool ice gun. This movie has a rubber duckie style car that somehow drives up stairs. Is their really any comparison in just how bad this movie really is?    I would never reccomend this to anyone, and I love Batman. And while Batman Begins and The Dark Knight are better than these older ones, I would reccomend Batman Forever, Batman and Robin, and the original Batman, not the travesty that is Batman Returns.
B00127RAJY|3.0|This is a tough workout and Jillian is definitely not touchy-feely instructor. After the first day, I could barely move -- and Level 3 could still kick my behind to the very end. That being said, I never did lose any weight in the 30 days. I am guessing that's an issue more on my end -- or I lost inches which I never measured. About two weeks into it, I had to start muting the sound because Jillian can be a little grating on the nerves. Still, I think this is a good workout DVD for the price.
0399215980|5.0|Good book to go along with the song Its So Good To See You.  There are opportunities for movement as well.  You can't beat Eric Carle.
0374531269|5.0|The item came in the condition that it said. I was very surprised it was in new condition, no writings, or bent bindings. Very glad I bough this item!
B001FB4VZS|1.0|This was unequivocally the worst season of Smallville yet.  Being Smallville, it had shining moments, like Legion and Beast, but the bad moments far outweigh the good.  Every character gets thrown through the musical-traits machine multiple times throughout the season, and the season finale makes you wish you hadn't wasted your time.    The big Doomsday showdown apparently warranted all of five minutes after an entire season of buildup and you're not even sure whether Supes was there to finish it till they spell it out in the tag.  Oh, and Jimmy Olsen is really his big brother Henry.  Cause brothers always have the same freaking name.  Makes perfect sense, right?    Two words sum up most of the season: Lazy storytelling.
B0019BECJE|4.0|The delivery took so long that my daughter couldn't use the book anymore and had to get another one from somewhere else. I used Amazon several times prior to this purchase and everything was delivered quickly. However, I found that the shipping info for this item wasn't very clear upfront.  It took over a week to arrive and by then her class had finished the book.
B00003CXB4|5.0|This DVD is in perfect condition, like new!  My kids cant stop watching it! Really a great story, fantastic music, enjoyable for the whole family!!
B000KX0IOK|5.0|Ok, first thing I'm going to do is address the ending, but before you get all freaked out that I'm going to `say too much', stop worrying.  I'm not going to say anything that will spoil the film for you in any way shape or form; I promise.<br /><br />Many a review will tell you one thing about the ending; it's ambiguous.  It leaves the audience at a bit of a cliffhanger, wondering just what is going to happen next.  A lot of people have a problem with this kind of an ending; in fact it may have been that very ending that squashed this films hopes of becoming a huge Oscar contender (because, honestly, this film is leagues better than any of the films that the Academy nominated).  Our society demands a happy ending.  We are so fed up with our own realities that we need to escape into the fabricated happy lives of the Hollywood fairytale where every bad decision leads to a resolve that fixes everything for everyone and makes you feel all warm and fuzzy and ready to face tomorrow.  The realist in you tells you that what you are watching is unrealistic but the optimist in you tells you that all you have to do is believe and then `kicking drugs' will really be that easy.<br /><br />Ha.<br /><br />Well, `Half Nelson' is not the movie for you if you want a film that will lie to you in the ways most Hollywood films will do.  But, if you want a realistic film that broaches a dark subject with some intelligence and compassion then this is the film for you.<br /><br />`Half Nelson' tells the story of Dan Dunne, a young and energetic teacher who has a knack for reaching his students with his unique teaching style.  He also has a really bad drug habit that he uses to cover over the repressed feelings of failure and disapproval he faces in his life.  Drey, one of his brightest students, is sweet by nature and sparks something close to curiosity in Dan.  Drugs are also a big part of her life, but in a different way.  Having seen her brother tossed in prison for dealing you'd think that drugs would be the furthest thing from Drey's mind, but living in a poor neighborhood with little opportunities leaves Drey with only one viable means for escape; drugs.  Both Drey and Dan share a common bond; they are both enslaved to the inevitable, but with each others help and understanding they can overcome it.<br /><br />I got you with that last part, huh?  The whole `overcome it' statement.  Yeah, I warned you; this is not that type of movie.  But, that does not mean that this is not an inspirational film.  No matter what the outcome for these characters, their relationship is really a saving grace.  The way in which the addict and the inevitable dealer is handled is so beautifully understanding and realistic.  These are not your carbon copy junkies and villains; they are real, living, breathing humans with issues that rival yours and mine.<br /><br />They are you.<br /><br />They are me.<br /><br />The acting, as many have already mentioned, is impeccable.  It's a shame that Shareeka Epps didn't get more attention for her devastatingly raw portrayal of Drey.  She walks toe to toe with Gosling (who managed a deserved Oscar nomination) and delivers a performance that is just as good as his.  If only she were a bigger name star (and older, for I'm sure the age thing came up), then she would have garnered an Oscar nomination for sure.  I'll admit this too; I was floored by Anthony Mackie.  I normally find this actor to be irritating, annoying and the worst part of a movie; but he was stunningly accurate here and exceptionally convincing.<br /><br />His best performance to date, by a country mile.<br /><br />From the intimate and realistic script to the intimate and realistic performances, `Half Nelson' is a true independent gem of a film; a movie that gets everything right and then some.  One of the best films of the decade and truly one I will remember forever; I recommend this with the highest of praises.thing from Drey's mind, but living in a poor neighborhood with little opportunities leaves Drey with only one viable means for escape; drugs.  Both Drey and Dan share a common bond; they are both enslaved to the inevitable, but with each others help and understanding they can overcome it.    I got you with that last part, huh?  The whole `overcome it' statement.  Yeah, I warned you; this is not that type of movie.  But, that does not mean that this is not an inspirational film.  No matter what the outcome for these characters, their relationship is really a saving grace.  The way in which the addict and the inevitable dealer is handled is so beautifully understanding and realistic.  These are not your carbon copy junkies and villains; they are real, living, breathing humans with issues that rival yours and mine.    They are you.    They are me.    The acting, as many have already mentioned, is impeccable.  It's a shame that Shareeka Epps didn't get more attention for her devastatingly raw portrayal of Drey.  She walks toe to toe with Gosling (who managed a deserved Oscar nomination) and delivers a performance that is just as good as his.  If only she were a bigger name star (and older, for I'm sure the age thing came up), then she would have garnered an Oscar nomination for sure.  I'll admit this too; I was floored by Anthony Mackie.  I normally find this actor to be irritating, annoying and the worst part of a movie; but he was stunningly accurate here and exceptionally convincing.      His best performance to date, by a country mile.    From the intimate and realistic script to the intimate and realistic performances, `Half Nelson' is a true independent gem of a film; a movie that gets everything right and then some.  One of the best films of the decade and truly one I will remember forever; I recommend this with the highest of praises.
1569242739|5.0|Every single recipe in this book is awesome, and there's no other way to put it.  Thanks, Isa!  It's so much easier to feed omni friends and relatives when there are luxurious delicious fantastic junk food recipes like these to make.  Her other books are just as great, by the way.<br /><br />I've made cupcakes every weekend since I bought the book.  I know, I'll be a blimp.  Can't help it!<br /><br />I think the basic golden vanilla cupcakes are the best yellow cake recipe I've ever tasted.  The version using Earth Balance is best.  I put the chocolate \\"buttercream\\" frosting on them, and I think this is the hands-down best combination in the book.  You can get really fancy and time consuming with some of these recipes but I tend to stick with simpler combinations.<br /><br />One thing I noticed is that it doesn't specify what vegan shortening is best: I've used the Spectrum nonhydrogenated stuff that's basically just palm oil.  It works fine.  Maybe the author has a better recommendation, though.  The buttercreams call for a half and half blend of the shortening and Earth Balance or similar.  This sounded weird to me, but last time I made the buttercream with just Earth Balance and it was definitely too salty and a bit chemically tasting, so the half and half thing is the way to go.<br /><br />Ah.  Unless you've got a sweeter sweet tooth than mine (and it'd be hard to achieve) you can definitely make 1/2 recipe of the chocolate buttercream, or 1/4 recipe of the vanilla buttercream, to pipe onto 12 cupcakes.  Using the recommended amount of frosting would be insane and out of control.  But maybe you'd prefer that!
B001FBIPF0|5.0|Great CD.  I listen to it over and over again!  Fall Out Boy has created another great album.
B000002J09|5.0|I am pleased to give this album FIVE STARS. Having never been much of a Zeppelin fan (I previously bought I and II but never got much into them), I very recently decided to give this album, as well as III, a shot. As much as I loved III, this one simply blew me away. It is without a doubt one of the greatest albums in the history of rock.    Even if you're not a fan of Zeppelin, or hard rock in general, make sure to  pick this one up. You will not be disappointed.
B000OCY7JE|5.0|I truly respect director Susanne Bier for not conforming to the types of films society often embraces but actually really working to create something that feels real and pure within her work.  Even in her English speaking film `Things We Lost in the Fire' she never shied away from presenting the audience with something uncomfortable if she knew it was `real'.<br /><br />Of all her work, I feel that `Efter Brylluppet' is her best.<br /><br />We all know the term `misery loves company' and if you've read my reviews long enough to know the types of films I often indulge you'd know that that phrase can be applied to my preferred entertainment choice.  I love a film that can move me to tears and tear me down because it produces something real in me; a real emotional connection to the material.  Thus, the film becomes something so much more than just `entertainment'; it becomes a part of my soul.  `Efter Brylluppet' is not that depressing but it does produce something in me, something raw and unforgettable.  The film filters through so many emotions on screen and it elicits so many emotions off screen.  It's such a well rounded emotional rollercoaster and I love that about it.  You can feel something for every character, but what makes this movie so amazing is that you feel so many different things about each character.  There is no designated villain, no designated hero, no designated victim.  Everyone is all of the above at one time or another and thus each and every character becomes so much more than just a `character', they become human.<br /><br />The film tells the story of Jacob, a man working in an orphanage in Bombay.  When funds run low and he becomes desperate he travels to Copenhagen to meet with a wealthy man offering to `consider' his orphanage for a large donation.  The catch is that he must stay and attend the man's daughter's wedding.  It turns out that this man, Jorgen, is married to Jacob's ex-girlfriend Helene who happens to have bore her daughter, Anna, out of wedlock.  If you aren't following then I'll put it a little blunter.<br /><br />It appears that Jacob may actually be Anna's father.<br /><br />This is the immediate surprise, but it is not the only one, in this masterfully crafted weep fest by Bier.  Each character has so much to say, and each and every word seems to help complete and or flesh out the person next to them.  Each person is so connected and reliant on those around them.<br /><br />`Efter Brylluppet' exposes the beautiful side of human connection; trust me.<br /><br />The acting here is also outstanding from everyone involved.  Mads Mikkelsen is wonderfully controlled as Jacob, allowing his eyes to expose what his character is always trying to conceal.  I also really loved what Rolf Lassgard did with the character of Jorgen.  He takes this man and creates someone who appears one thing, so mysterious and someone guarded, and exposes his secret in such a desperate and crushingly realistic way.  It's a beautiful (and heartbreaking) transformation.  As great as the two men are, Sidse Babett Knudsen is even better.  As Helene, she really has to carry a lot of the emotional weight of the film (it was her cross to bear) and she does so with such raw connection and flawless control.<br /><br />Such a stunning performance.<br /><br />So, to bring us back to my initial statement, about `misery loving company' and all that.  The reason I brought that up is because, as some of you know, I love films that embellish the miseries in life.  I often find that a films `happy ending' is a falsity and that it takes away from the gritty realities I like to see in my cinema.  What is so beautiful about `Efter Brylluppet' is that I turned my whole opinion on its head.  This is a film that, yes, focuses on some of life's miseries, but the end result is something so beautifully complete that it sparked in me a realistic idea of hope.  No, the ending is not all roses and candy, but it lessens the bleak with a believable display of picking up, moving on and doing the right thing.ble display of picking up, moving on and doing the right thing.
0670019933|5.0|The best, most fun, most I want to be like Kerouac of the(admittedly) few Kerouacs I have read. This one, three times. Women deserve better in Kerouac, but hey, it's the fifties. Poor Jack fell apart in the sixties. Anyway, Bums has all the famous people thinly disguised. Gary Snyder, who is so smart he still lives and is a real Buddhist, not a fake like most of us. Ginsberg is there, Alvah Goldbook for God's sake, having sex with women. It is another road trip, back and forth across what was fast becoming the wasteland we know with pockets of natural beauty wonderfully described. You get a fairly linear narrative but the jazzy rythms intrude, the man was a frustrated musician. Maybe he should have taken more psychedelics and left the booze alone. Booze is too much of a sacrament in Bums, we know there are better things to use as sacraments. Of course, most Buddhists avoid alcohol, except some crazy Zen masters who did as they pleased, no rules please. What Jack describes in the book is still his vision of what he hoped for, but knew would not happen. It probably killed him, but the book, in a very nice yet inexpensive edition is a trip to read, and perchance to dream...
0743496736|5.0|This well written book is a must-read for parents, teachers, guidance counselors, service providers, and anyone who has any contact with children and adolescents. What happened here can literally happen anywhere, and this is what can happen when bullying is allowed to continue, unchecked and unabated, for years.    Piccoult does a phenomenal job of taking the circumstances from all sides--and while people may take issue with her style and methods, the message is clear. Compassion and empathy could have prevented much, and the resounding lack of both created a perfect storm of pain, anguish and loss for everyone involved.    Powerful.
0440241901|2.0|I didn't like this book at all.  In fact, I dislike it so much, I can't even bear to have it in my book shelf.  I'm looking towards giving it away or plainly donating it.  I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because the book did succeed in keeping me interested to finish it. The main reason I disliked this book is because I just couldn't connect with the main character.  I practically loathed her.  I sympathized with her for an extremely brief moment when the reader is taken for the first time to meet her family in attempt to explain why she is the way she is.  However, I just find it so difficult that even with a family like hers, that someone would turn out SO IMMATURE at the age of 25.  The main character repeatedly kept annoying me.  For example/ When lying, what 25 year old crosses their fingers anymore (as though crossing your fingers has any effect on the actual act of lying)??  Nine year olds do that - that's who.  She crosses her fingers multiple times through out the whole book.      Another reason why i just couldn't stand the main character is because, I just can't stand lying!  I understand this is a personal principle, but I suppose when being honest is a big personal principle (i take it seriously - I hate liars), I just can't stand someone who lies about the pettiest things and that's exactly what she does repeatedly.  I understand that her constant lies are a product of someone who feels she needs to lie about her actions or who she really is in order to seek approval.  But, personally, I just have no tolerance for lies! I do not condone it under nearly any circumstance. I was so annoyed each time that she lied, I just couldn't connect/relate to her at all.    Even though at the end of the book, she may have finally learned her lessons, it didn't happen until the very end of the book.  So I wasn't exposed to the new Emma enough in order to begin to like her.  Meanwhile, I was left tortured through most of the remainder of the book by her extremely childish ways.  What's worse, a mere couple of weeks after i bought this book, Amazon dropped the price nearly 30%.    In a nutshell, I wouldn't recommend this book - not even as a summer beach read.
B000WS4P5G|5.0|In the 1980's Glenn Danzig was at the height of his creative powers. Unable to sit still with the hyper sonic punk/rockabilly assault of the Misfits of Walk Among Us & Legacy of Brutality, he pointed them in the new form of thrash found on their 1983 classic Earth A.D..When that group disbanded soon after he started the more sonically adventurous & experimental Samhain. After meeting producer & American records founder Rick Rubin in 1987, he embarked on the blues metal of Danzig.This album has a much more mature feeling to it then his previous work. For starters, the production on this album is perfect.It has a great clean sound to it that emphasizes Danzig's Elvis meets Jim Morrison vocals while the guitar, bass & drums feel very muscular. The songs themselves, like Twist of Cain, The Hunter, Evil Thing, Not of This World & his absolute classic & signature tune, Mother, are some of the best in his entire catalog. This is Danzig all grown up with two more killer albums to follow.
014118597X|5.0|This is classic, educated humor for the masses.  I first became aware of Jeeves and Wooster through the Stephen Frye ('V for Vendetta)/Laurie (of 'House' fame) miniseries back in the 90's.  A friend mentioned how he had read the books when he was in college and got me excited in reading them.  With my obsessive makeup, I now own the mini-series, audiobooks and paperbacks of every Jeeves and Wooster (and a couple of just Jeeves) novels.  The flitting dialogue, manners, morals, and realtionships are soothing literary carbohydrates for the brain.  Read before 5PM, otherwise you'll be chuckling in your sleep--frightfully annoying.<br /><br />Joe Keenan, who wrote and produced 'Frasier' and writes for 'Desperate Housewives' is a modern-day Wodehouse and an excellent alternative: (Blue Heaven, At the Ritz, My Lucky Star).
630522577X|4.0|I have two quibbles with the version I got:<br />1) the songs of  Audrey Hepburn are dubbed.<br />2) the version I got was shorted to take out the girl learning to dance<br />for the ball.<br />A big George Bernard Shaw fan, I actually saw this when it came out<br />in 1965 ( I think) while in college.<br />I loved seeing it again.
B001W79MBI|5.0|This was an awesome movie i loved it i was happy to buy this movie made me very happy.
B00164GDD2|1.0|Don't waste your money on this Blu-Ray.  There is nothing hi-def about this disc at all.  The film grain on the transfer is so intense that you'll actually find yourself paying attention to the poor picture quality rather than the movie.  And yes, I have a 1080p television and no I am not a videophile.  The 1999 DVD that I own looks 1000 times better when upscaled to 1080p.  Luckily I only payed $15 for this disc.  I was actually planning on returning it thinking that I got a defective disc, but I have seen a lot of complaints on the net about the poor picture quality so I guess I'm out of luck.
B000068OCS|5.0|I saw this movie years ago and never forgot it. I was delighted to find it on DVD. The DVD is clear, the stereo sound track excellent. The movie itself? Timeless and awe inspiring. This is a \\"thinking person's\\" movie and tells us a lot about ourselves. The music by Philip Glass is just wonderful. 5 STARS!
B00164KYV4|2.0|I wondered how movie makers would turn a relationship guide into a successful hit movie...and I never found out...because this movie was lacking.  I'm just not that into it.  A couple of years ago, I bought Greg Behrendt's book (\\"He's Just Not That into You\\") and absolutely LOVED it!   It offered good advice and was funny as well.    Unfortunately, none of that transferred to the big screen. Everybody got the story line; so, it became boring watching so many of the same examples of women simply not understanding when a man is just not that into them.  When a person doesn't (1) call, (2) return calls, (3) act interested, 4) make time to see you, etc., it's because he/she is not interested.  Period.    After a while, the movie seemed to drag on endlessly.  So, as much as I loved the book, I did not enjoy the movie enough to buy the DVD.  I may watch it when it comes on cable...unless I have laundry to do.  LOL!
B00129H7VS|5.0|I purchased this as a blind buy after hearing great things about this series on the Blu ray forum. I have to say I'm glad I did, this series is excellent!!! PQ & AQ were top notch.
0312427646|4.0|This little book can be read in one sitting. Although it runs out of steam towards the end, there are so many clever, quirky comments, that it is well worth the reading, which I did twice.
B0025T65GC|5.0|I got it last night, listened to it, and it was love on first listen.  I immediately turned it back on when I woke up this morning.  The album is a large stylistic departure for Devin--even diving into psychedelic rockabilly with \\"Trainfire\\" (which is an /awesome/ track).  However, from start to finish, it sounds like a Devin Townsend record.  It has all of his progressive artistry and care that goes into his song writing and production.  Devin, as stated in interviews, is using this album to make a statement as an artist.  I think he succeeded wildly.    The album is not a metal album.  I'm not sure what it is, like a lot of Devin's catalog, it defies categories.  He uses a more classic rock instrument setup with clean guitar tones, keyboards, &c.  However, the musical vocabulary (note phrasings, riffs, &c.) seem to be drawn more from classical music--a lot like much of heavy metal.  A lot of the riffs sound like they could be sped up, distorted and they'd fit on a Mastodon album.  It doesn't sound like Talking Heads or Pink Floyd or, really, anyone to me.      Whatever label this music gets, whoever it gets compared to, it is amazing.  I just restarted it.  I know I will be listening to this album many times in the coming months, and I eagerly await \\"Addicted\\", \\"Deconstruction\\" and the as yet unnamed fourth album.  If \\"Ki\\" were it for the year, I would be overjoyed.  With three more albums coming, which were written in the same bout of creativity as \\"Ki\\", I think I might go into a fugue!    Devin, Thank You.     EDIT/UPDATE: I've listened to it two more times (still just as good, and getting better by the listen!).  I'm rethinking my second paragraph.  It might make it sound like this is \\"metal slowed down\\" which is wrong.  It's not.  There's jazz, blues and other elements from all over.  There's heavy sections and ambient sections.  It's a complicated piece of music.  The classical elements jumped out at me on the first two times through the album.  This is probably because they are the most recognizable elements from Devin's past work (yes, his past work still has some resonances in \\"Ki\\", but the album is still a major departure from that work).  This is easily one of his best albums.  Possibly the best.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|This is a great dvd set. If you are a fan of the HBO show this is a must have. It is a very sexy show and you will watch this DVD set over and over!!
0385341008|4.0|I really enjoyed the first third of this book, liked the second part, but was getting bored with the last third. There were a lot of quirky characters (possibly too many), and by the end, I just found Juliet, to whom all these letters are being written, to be annoying. The ending is all neatly tied up with a bow, but I found it to be unbelievable.
1401219268|5.0|Watchmen has one of the deepest stories, not only in graphic novels, but the entire fictional genre. Set in an alternate 1985 (this was also written in'85) with superheroes (but only one has true powers) and a very different ending to Vietnam. Since the Keene act, all but three vigilantes were forced into retirement. Of those still active, two work for the government, and Rorschach, is illegally continuing his work. His true identity is unknown for the first half of the book, and is revealed in a shocker where you'll say \\"HIM? HOLY...\\". The foreshadowing and symbolism will mostly be lost on you until the second read, so buy, don't rent.<br /><br />Most of the characters have deep psycologigcal issues and vivid backgrounds, and there's a shocker at the end that will coax the same reaction as Rorschach's identity. Also, in the end, it's actually slightly different from the film, so don't pass up the book if you've already seen the movie. Additionally, the ending breaks away from the typical \\"comic book\\" ending, showing how this graphic novel, should lose the the \\"graphic\\" part because it is truly a full-on novel.
B001CEE1WG|1.0|This movie is destined to bring shame to everyone who praises it, even to themselves.  In ten years people will be embarrassed to admit how much they liked it when it came out, and will wonder what it was that they saw in this movie.           Why does the movie go out of its way to establish that Batman is not particularly intelligent?  It must have been a conscious decision, since in other portrayals of Batman he is pretty much a super-genius.  In this one, like in Batman Begins, Bruce Wayne needs to go to Michael Caine or Morgan Freeman to do his heavy thinking, like coming up with an alibi for his trip to Japan, explaining the Joker's psychology, building his suit and weapons, and turning a network of cell phones into an all-seeing crystal ball.  No one else, Joker, Rachel Dawes, Marconi, etc. seems to respect Batman/Bruce Wayne's intelligence, with everybody talking down to him like he's some stereotypical jock.       Why not just have Batman either make his own Batmobile, or just not have one?  The whole tedious subplot with the accountant trying to blackmail Batman was just an attempt to plug the plot hole created when they made the Batmobile a not too secret invention of Bruce Wayne's company.         The film tries to hold on to the appeal of Batman as a superhero without super-powers, but having someone else, Lucius Fox, build for him anything he wants like the cell-phone sonar, or the costume that allows  falls from any height, is the same thing as giving him magical powers.       The ferry scene is like a retelling of the prisoner's dilemna, only they messed up the logic and missed the whole point.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|well i love this bluray i think need to keep current on there updates i had maybe at best 30 seconds wait time to load but no issues
B001SMC91M|3.0|I am not a blues expert by any means and no doubt other reviewers can give people the details about this album that I cannot.  Still, I was disappointed by the misogynist lyrics of the songs -- down and dirty is fun but this doesn't get there.  The musicians are good -- solid performers and the music occasionally does feel really bluesy if rather standard in sound.<br /><br />The biggest disappointment was the lead singer's voice.  Very little range, very little intensity -- not the musical phrasing that one would expect from an accomplished blues singer.  Maybe this is just the wrong genre for this singer's voice -- but I didn't hear what the jacket description implied I'd hear and I was disappointed.<br /><br />Since music is so frequently a matter of taste, I strongly recommend listening to a few cuts before you decide to buy.  You may indeed hear everything that is promised -- but I am sorry to say that I did not.
0792843584|3.0|I have no problem with length in and of itself, and length is sometimes necessary in order to tell a story.  However, in this case it just wasn't necessary.     Too many scenes in this film are twice as long as they need to be, with very little happening.  Or they involve a lot of singing, dancing, marching, fighting, skating, and whatnot, all of which looks nice but just drags the story out longer and longer without advancing the plot.  Cimino apparently could not bear to cut a single second of any of this.  Had he done so, the movie would have been more bearable.  Aside from that, the story is quite fascinating, the locations are gorgeous, the sets are authentic-looking, and there is a great cast here.  Too bad they were in the hands of a director who just didn't know when to quit or when to edit his own work.
1582701709|3.0|Good book, but what it truly succeeded in doing was making return in an even deeper way to my Christian faith.  That's where my strength really comes from, not a book (this one or any other) about psychology.
0767802470|5.0|What's best about this film is that it's not about who was wrong or right in WWII.  It's about the conflicts, inner tension, and drama among the crew of a cramped U-Boat.  In their minds, they are serving their country--although it should be noted that the captain has, at least early on, some doubts and not too much idealism.    Praise should also go to the director, designer, and photographer for capturing the sweat, grime, moisture, and downright claustrophobic atmosphere on the submersible.  There was barely room for the fifty men aboard.  This made it impossible for them to rescue survivors from a ship they torpedoed, even though they wanted to spare them a slow death in the open ocean.    Jurgen Prochnow is in fine form as the captain, who tries his best to think his way out of the worst situations and who never loses his cool no matter how much pressure there is.
B001FB4VZS|2.0|This season had the potential to be great. It had all the trappings of the great iconic Superman story: The Daily Planet, the Justice League, Doomsday... and yet, they failed to execute it well and also failed in paying off the story they have built, not only this season but in others. Clark vaccilates wildly from being heroic to being jerk, Oliver (the leader of the Justice League) has fallen head-on into corruption, and the vaccuum created by the Luthors was not filled by the new Lex-by-proxy Tess, whose characterization was never firmly nailed down (however, Cassidy Freeman is *fantastic* in the role and has a fan for life in me).    The bright spot in the season is Sam Witwer and his Davis Bloome. He brings new life to the show, and his plotline with Chloe/Allison Mack was one of the best ones the show has ever done. Well, until the end.     The end. Oh, the end. The season finale of this show is the most painful, most disappointing television experience I have ever had (and I watch a lot of TV).    Season Eight is almost unrecognizable as Smallville or as Superman. I give it two stars because episodes like \\"Beast,\\" \\"Legion,\\" and \\"Abyss\\" were somehow outstanding despite the overwhelming suck of this season, and among the best of the series, and because most of the cast continues to deliver good performances, making this badly-written, disappointing failure of a season at least watchable.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|Spoilers.....                  Many parts of this story are hard to watch--there's a brutal Hmong gang which does terrible things even to their leader's own family members.  The subject matter is very provocative, as it pertains to a crusty old Korean war veteran who must learn to live with his Hmong neighbors in the deteriorating suburbs of a Michigan city.  A young man is burned with a cigarette, and his sister is gang-raped.  It ends up in a showdown between Eastwood and the dangerous and deadly gang.   There is no easy way out of this mess and no clear-cut solution. This is why I call it fearless.  There is no totally happy ending here where everyone finally learns to get along and live happily ever after.   Thank goodness--we get too much of that dreck already.  It's not easy viewing, but it is worth consideration.
B000W91RUG|5.0|This is such a hilarious show! Definitely one of my top five favorite shows now, possibly one of the few that is still in run. All of the actors are perfectly cast for their roles, with Jim Parsons' Sheldon Cooper being my favorite--if I had to choose one! Plus, there isn't a joke that falls flat, and the comedic timing is perfect--thanks to the screen-writing and again, the delivery of the actors. Also, the detail that goes into the whole show--from props to scientific/mathematical equations--is what makes it special. I am so extremely glad that the show has been booked for another two years--seasons 3 & 4. Yay for BBT fans!!
B001EO748M|5.0|My order for the second season of The Tudors came very quickly.  I am very pleased with the product and it's condition is perfect.
0143144006|5.0|Jill Bolte Taylor has opened so many new doors for me to look through concerning the brain and how in \\"Knowing\\" our own brain and its present moment activitys we can carve out a better life for ourselfes.  She revealed the enormous power of creative and constructive thinking which is obviously self regulatory and a treasure we all hold and can learn to utilize.<br />The bold and exacting developement of her own treatment plan, which included valuable hours of sleep so that her brain could heal, is something every care giver and health care provider should understand.  Jill makes no bones about the enormous power that sleep offers as a major healing factor in the recovery of the damaged brain.<br />Her journey back to new health seemed immaculate and \\"led\\" by her own, personal and greater insights.  I have the six CD set in my car, and I can't tell you how slowly I've been driving lately not wanting to arrive at my destination and miss her next adventure.  I would say to everyone who is contemplating reading or listening to Jill's story, \\"don't miss this.  It is awe inspiring.\\" Dr. Su Skjersaa Lukinbeal
B00129H7VS|3.0|I know times are tough, and I did opt for the free shipping....but stuffing the Tin in a mailer envelope and turning it over to Post office?  As a serious collector I now have a Tin that is truly reflective of the era of the film. The usual small box would have been greatly appreciated.
B0013LPS8E|2.0|This cd is a classic for it's songs. \\"Sunday, Bloody Sunday\\", \\"New Year's Day\\", \\"Two Hearts Beat as One\\" and others on this are outstanding.    However, Comparing the sound quality between say Vinyl Special Edition LPs and this cd is apples and oranges. It is heavy with that annoying CD brightness.    songs a 10, sound not worth it. I once owned a 45 LP of A:\\"Sunday, Bloody Sunday\\", and B:\\"New Year's Day\\" english only pressing. That was fantastic.
B001FB4W0W|3.0|I started reading the True Blood series by Charlaine Harris recently and was happy to find HBO made a series based on the books. Like many reviewers, I am somewhat disappointed in the changes made to the overall story. I know sex sells, but the show is completely over the top and I found many of the additions more offensive than anything. I found it hard to like many of the characters in the show because they made the characters into perverse, sexual deviants. Jason's character changes were the most extreme and I found myself fast forwarding many of his scenes because I couldn't stand watching his mental incompetence and the fact they turned him into some sort of perverted drug addict, rather then the charming ladies man he was in the book. I found NOTHING appealing about Jason's character in the show whatsoever.<br />In addition to that, the relationship between Sam and Tara was completely ridiculous. They had ZERO chemistry and the sex scenes seemed very forced and unnatural. For the life of me, I could not understand why Tara would sleep with Sam knowing how much he loves her best friend Sookie. I hate the way Tara has been portrayed in the show. She is a survivor of childhood abuse and neglect because of her alcoholic parents. I think the show has done her character an injustice by making her an aggressive, angry and uncaring person. In the book, she owns her own clothing store and is portrayed as a strong woman that overcame the odds. I will admit that I feel like the story of Tara's relationship with her mother was significant in the show and I found myself sympathizing with Tara on that level. I found the exorcism scene to be interesting and although it was not relevant to the overall story, I was glad to see her mother rid of her \\"demon\\" and the relief it was for Tara.<br />I also felt like changes to Terry Bellefleur character were not the best. The book portrays a man that is scarred physically and mentally from the war but not to the point that he sits and cowers in a corner having flashbacks.<br />Now onto my favorite character in the show, Lafayette. He is HILARIOUS and I love his character. However-- Lafayette was not so extreme in the book; He was not a drug dealer, pimp or vampire drainer. I think we overlook that because his character is so likable in show, regardless of the fact that he is basically portrayed as such a lowlife. I really have to commend Nelsan Ellis, the actor who played Lafayette, for being able to pull this off.<br />Overall, I liked the show but I doubt I will buy season two and I don't see myself watching season one again. There is much more I could say regarding the changes made during the transfer from book to film, but its been said my other reviewers already so it would be redundant. I would suggest renting the series rather than buying and I highly recommend reading the books.in a corner having flashbacks.  Now onto my favorite character in the show, Lafayette. He is HILARIOUS and I love his character. However-- Lafayette was not so extreme in the book; He was not a drug dealer, pimp or vampire drainer. I think we overlook that because his character is so likable in show, regardless of the fact that he is basically portrayed as such a lowlife. I really have to commend Nelsan Ellis, the actor who played Lafayette, for being able to pull this off.   Overall, I liked the show but I doubt I will buy season two and I don't see myself watching season one again. There is much more I could say regarding the changes made during the transfer from book to film, but its been said my other reviewers already so it would be redundant. I would suggest renting the series rather than buying and I highly recommend reading the books.
0451217403|5.0|Discovered the book while reading about the movie on IMDB and liked it even more, which I didn't think possible.  Much more depth and nuance, a great history of New York, La Cosa Nostra, Sicily and, of course, an engrossing tale of the Corleone clan. Highly recommended!
0385512058|5.0|I think this is one of the better books on networking. I have good networking skills and this book gave me a lot of tips that have worked well. The book could have been edited down a bit and is a little wordy but over all very worth while.
B00008A7QK|5.0|This is indeed a great CD/Album. I had the album back in the day - 1971. I may be nuts but I seem to remember one more track on the album, a track entitled, 'Revolver.' ~ Someone, please tell me I'm not musically crazed with elements of 1971. I cannot find that track anywhere. Is there anyone who remembers as I do?
1416550518|1.0|I found this book to be a tedious read.  Although I tried for the first 100 pages to develop a curiosity for the plot, I could not.  I found myself saying \\"there's got to be more to this\\".  However, I never found it.  I may try to reread this book at a later time.  But for now, it will go in dust pile and I cannot recommend this book.
B001MW0J2O|4.0|This review is actually geared towards extolling how great customer reviews on Amazon sometimes are. Of the few reviews I have read about this album, they were all dead on! I couldn't stand Animal Collective before, but I find myself listening to this album more and more. It's actually pretty good. But I was just so pleased with the thoroughly accurate reviews and assessments of AC that I had to give props - so nice job everyone!
0765348276|4.0|I vacillated between 3 and 4 stars on this one, but ultimately I decided that as a pure pleasure read, it deserves 4. Old Man's War is fast and entertaining; it's quick to grip you and it never lets go. For anyone who loves military SF or is just in the mood for a Heinlein-esque romp, I highly recommend it.     That said, I had some major issues with it as a book. My biggest problem was that given the accolades the book has received, I expected a little more substance. While Scalzi briefly glides pasts issues of identity and the complexities underlying war and peace, his surface-level treatment does more harm than good to a meaningful discussion. Moreover, the reality is that all of the characters are fairly close to identical in their tone and voice (apparently, everyone in the future will be extremely flip), and mostly undeveloped in the few areas that are supposed to make them distinct. The primary exceptions to this are the few characters you're not supposed to like, who are universally groan-inducing charicatures, such as the bloviating, peace-loving senator who waltzes across one chapter to show us that we can feel good about all the mindless killing because peaceniks are dumb and deserve to die.     The other main example, equally charicaturish but not derided, is the drill sergeant, who I think best exemplifies my feelings towards the book as a whole. In the beginning, he goes through a lengthy speech about how he seems like a typical mock drill sergeant but really isn't, including a section about how they will not earn his grudging respect because the real world is not like that, etc. He then proceeds to act and behave in absolutely every way like R. Lee Ermey in Full Metal Jacket, up to and including, you guessed it, giving the MC his grudging respect in the manner which he already specifically called out as being stereotypical and unrealistic. All of this is actually okay, because Scalzi does a really good impression of R. Lee Ermey, and it's a lot of funto read. At the same time, the character is still a two-dimensional stereotype, no matter his, and perhaps Scalzi's, protestations to the contrary.    I was also a bit dissapointed that the central conceit of the novel, the fact that the soldiers were old, played very little role outside of the first few chapters. Sure it provides a few somewhat-forced plot complications towards the end, but in general, the majority of the novel would have been the same if they'd all started out at 20, or maybe 30 to give some leeway. I just wanted to see it tied in more. I also wanted to see a convincing explanation of why old folks would be good recruits for this war, but the paragraph or two of throw-away explanation just didn't make much sense to me in context, particularly in context of the as-yet-unexplained (though there is a sequel on point) Ghost Brigades.    In sum, don't be fooled by the Hugo nomination or any of the other praise-- if you're expecting something with complex and realistic characters addressing complicated issues without flinching from their ramifications, prepare for disappointment. On the other hand, if you accept it for what it is--an author having fun with super-soldiers fighting aliens--you'll find yourself sucked in and having fun right alongside Scalzi. And Scalzi has a lot of fun.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|This is a most unique retake on some of his old starndards, which I did not think could be improved upon.  A real treasure.  Thank goodness for CD's because I will never be able to attend one of his concerts.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|George's widow Olivia had a lot of input into the selection of songs on this album, and it's a good set of songs. Many hard core fans believe this collection should have been a 2 cd set, and should have included songs like \\"Crackerbox Palace\\", \\"Bangla Desh\\" and \\"This Song\\". But, be that as it may, \\"Let It Roll\\" is a solid collection of Harrisongs, remastered by Giles Martin, and that's good enough for me.<br /><br />It may have been helped by the remastering, because the lead song of this new collection (from his \\"Cloud 9\\" album) \\"Got My Mind Set On You\\" sounds better than ever to me, here. One of the three Harrison #1 singles represented here, this one went to #1 in the U.S. in January of 1988. This was, by the way, the last song by any solo Beatle (up to now, anyway) to go to #1 in the U.S..<br /><br />\\"Give Me Love (Give Me Peace On Earth)\\" was the 2nd Harrison single to go to #1 in the U.S. (June 1973) and features an amazing backup band of Ringo, Klaus Voorman, Gary Wright, Jim Keltner and Nicky Hopkin. One of George's best songs, simple and direct.<br /><br />\\"Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll)\\" was one many great songs from George's \\"All Things Must Pass\\" 3-lp set which went to #1 in at least half a dozen countries in 1970. Sir Frank Crisp was the former owner of George's home in the U.K. and Mr. Crisp was somewhat of an eccentric and carved sayings into statues and stones around the estate, which apparently gave George great delight. This song is one of the most memorable from \\"All Things Must Pass\\" and is a good lead-in to another of George's #1 Hits, \\"My Sweet Lord\\".<br /><br />\\"My Sweet Lord\\" is probably George's signature song for various reasons. For one thing, it was his first #1 single, topping the charts all over the world. But more importantly, I think, to George was that this song represented a spiritual philosophy and spiritual journey that began in 1965 when he met his friend and guru Ravi Shankar who introduced him to Hindu philosophy. The song celebrates God in His many forms, as George chants \\"Hallelujah!\\" and \\"Hare Krishna!\\" This represents an eclectic approach to spirituality that lasted throughout his life. George believed that by chanting the names of the Lord one could eventually come to know God directly, and this song was an attempt to share that with his fans.<br /><br />\\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" is represented here by a live version recorded at the famous Concert For Bangladesh. This was a benefit concert that George organized to help provide necessities for refugees from East Pakistan, after Ravi Shankar asked George's advice on what might be done for these suffering people. George quickly pitched in by organizing the first concert of its kind ever in the world, a rock concert organized specifically for the purpose of raising money to help an important cause. This song features Eric Clapton, Billy Preston, Leon Russell and Ringo Starr playing live at that concert. While this is not the best version of the song (you'll find that where it was originally performed by George with his band mates, on The Beatles' \\"white album\\".) this is a soulful version that features some great guitar playing by George and Eric Clapton.<br /><br />\\"All Things Must Pass\\" is of course the title track of that album, and represents George at his most philosophical. Reassuring us that \\"sunset doesn't last all evening / a mind could blow those clouds away\\" the song isn't just about sadness or pain, it indeed points out that ALL THINGS pass away. George sings, \\"none of life's strings can last\\", so the implication is that God, Love, or Enlightenment (depending on how you care to see it) is the only thing that can really endure.<br /><br />\\"Any Road\\" is from George's posthumously released album, \\"Brainwashed\\" from 2002, but this song was originally written at the time of his \\"Cloud 9\\" album. It's a bouncy little ditty about life.<br /><br />\\"This Is Love\\" was co-penned by George's friend, band mate, and sometimesproducer, Jeff Lynne, and has a happy pop feel to it, just a nice little song about Love with a capital L.<br /><br />\\"All Those Years Ago\\" is from George's lesser known \\"Somewhere In England\\" album, and is his tribute to former band mate and life-long friend, John Lennon. It features Ringo on drums and Paul and Linda McCartney on backing vocals, and it reached #2 on the charts in the U.S.. A beautiful lyric, he speaks glowingly of his recently murdered friend: \\"You were the one who Imagined it all / All those years ago.\\" It has a bouncy and very nice production.<br /><br />\\"Marwa Blues\\" is an instrumental from \\"Brainwashed\\" and features probably the best slide guitar playing of George's career. His guitar beautifully and gently weeps here, and the song needs no words. You can hear the influence of Ravi Shankar here, though it is in no way overtly an \\"Indian\\" tune. This song was awarded a Grammy for Best Pop Instrumental.<br /><br />\\"What is Life\\", the 2nd single released from the \\"All Things Must Pass\\" album, reached #10 on the U.S. charts. With a catchy guitar riff and a can't-get-it-out-of-my-head, upbeat melody, this was one of the more popular tracks from George's first solo release.<br /><br />\\"Rising Sun\\" is another song from \\"Brainwashed\\" and is a perfect example of his writing about his life-long spiritual quest. Featuring George's son Dhani's perfect performance on the Wurlitzer, this represents one of the best songs from the album he was just finishing up when he made what he hoped would be his final journey, the journey to return to All That Is, God, Light, Love, Krishna, Enlightenment or whatever you choose to call It/Him/Her.<br /><br />\\"When We Was Fab\\" is George's remembrance of the crazy days of being one of the world's most famous pop stars. He grew weary of Beatlemania very early on, back in 1965 or so, and this song is about that period. From \\"Cloud 9\\" the song was released as a single and reached the Top 30 but it is a favorite among fans, for its Beatles-related content and humorous and inventive music-video (not included here, but available on \\"The Dark Horse Years\\" box set).<br /><br />\\"Something\\" is another track from the Bangladesh benefit and though not as eloquently produced and polished as the original Beatles recording from \\"Abbey Road\\", it does feature some excellent live guitar work and vocals with a nice arrangement for \\"big band rock and roll\\".<br /><br />\\"Blow Away\\" is from the \\"George Harrison\\" album and it was a Top 20 hit in the U.S. and Canada in 1979. In an era when disco and punk music were the most popular genres, it was a breath of fresh air with it's simplicity and sweet lyrics: \\"All I got to do is to love you / All I got to be is, be happy / All it's got to take is some warmth to make it / Blow Away, Blow Away, Blow Away.\\"<br /><br />\\"Cheer Down\\" was written for the movie \\"Lethal Weapon 2\\" and allegedly the phrase came from something George's wife Olivia used to say to him when he'd get a little over-enthusiastic about something or other. Co-written by Tom Petty it was originally produced in 1989 and was formerly available on the now out of print \\"Best of Dark Horse 1976-1989\\".<br /><br />\\"Here Comes The Sun\\" is the live version from the \\"Concert For Bangladesh\\" and features members of Badfinger on backup guitar, with George playing acoustic guitar and singing a clearly heartfelt rendition. Of the 3 live songs on this collection this one fares the best, as it is a rare pleasure to hear George sing with just a guitar (or 2 or 3), without bass, drums and keyboard. Without doubt one of his most beautiful songs.<br /><br />\\"I Don't Want To Do It\\" was previously only on the \\"Porky's Revenge\\" soundtrack. It was written by his friend Bob Dylan who he later went on to record with as part of The Traveling Wilburys.<br /><br />\\"Isn't It A Pity\\" is the 5th song on this collection from \\"All Things Must Pass\\" and that is fitting because many Beatles fans agree that George's 3-LP set was perhapsthe finest album by any former Beatle. It certainly is in the Top 5 of Beatles solo albums, by anyone's count, and the unique \\"wall of sound\\" production by Phil Spector gave it a different sound than all of George's other albums, something he sometimes bemoaned, but frankly I can't imagine it any other way. In any case, this lyric speaks from George's heart and soul, so I'll end this with these words from George himself:<br /><br />\\"Isn't it a pity<br />Now, isn't it a shame<br />How we break each other's hearts<br />And cause each other pain<br />How we take each other's love<br />Without thinking anymore<br />Forgetting to give back<br />Isn't it a pity.\\"<br /><br />Oh, okay, sorry George, but I gotta get the last word in:<br />Buy this album! Not only because it's good, but because buying it will help insure the \\"powers that be\\" at Capitol/Dark Horse that we want MORE George Harrison albums! How about a \\"Part 2\\" featuring all the rare stuff and other great hits left off of this one?<br />p.s. And thank you George, for all this great music!\\"The Dark Horse Years\\" box set).    \\"Something\\" is another track from the Bangladesh benefit and though not as eloquently produced and polished as the original Beatles recording from \\"Abbey Road\\", it does feature some excellent live guitar work and vocals with a nice arrangement for \\"big band rock and roll\\".    \\"Blow Away\\" is from the \\"George Harrison\\" album and it was a Top 20 hit in the U.S. and Canada in 1979. In an era when disco and punk music were the most popular genres, it was a breath of fresh air with it's simplicity and sweet lyrics: \\"All I got to do is to love you / All I got to be is, be happy / All it's got to take is some warmth to make it / Blow Away, Blow Away, Blow Away.\\"    \\"Cheer Down\\" was written for the movie \\"Lethal Weapon 2\\" and allegedly the phrase came from something George's wife Olivia used to say to him when he'd get a little over-enthusiastic about something or other. Co-written by Tom Petty it was originally produced in 1989 and was formerly available on the now out of print \\"Best of Dark Horse 1976-1989\\".    \\"Here Comes The Sun\\" is the live version from the \\"Concert For Bangladesh\\" and features members of Badfinger on backup guitar, with George playing acoustic guitar and singing a clearly heartfelt rendition. Of the 3 live songs on this collection this one fares the best, as it is a rare pleasure to hear George sing with just a guitar (or 2 or 3), without bass, drums and keyboard. Without doubt one of his most beautiful songs.    \\"I Don't Want To Do It\\" was previously only on the \\"Porky's Revenge\\" soundtrack. It was written by his friend Bob Dylan who he later went on to record with as part of The Traveling Wilburys.    \\"Isn't It A Pity\\" is the 5th song on this collection from \\"All Things Must Pass\\" and that is fitting because many Beatles fans agree that George's 3-LP set was perhaps the finest album by any former Beatle. It certainly is in the Top 5 of Beatles solo albums, by anyone's count, and the unique \\"wall of sound\\" production by Phil Spector gave it a different sound than all of George's other albums, something he sometimes bemoaned, but frankly I can't imagine it any other way. In any case, this lyric speaks from George's heart and soul, so I'll end this with these words from George himself:    \\"Isn't it a pity  Now, isn't it a shame  How we break each other's hearts  And cause each other pain  How we take each other's love  Without thinking anymore  Forgetting to give back  Isn't it a pity.\\"    Oh, okay, sorry George, but I gotta get the last word in:  Buy this album! Not only because it's good, but because buying it will help insure the \\"powers that be\\" at Capitol/Dark Horse that we want MORE George Harrison albums! How about a \\"Part 2\\" featuring all the rare stuff and other great hits left off of this one?   p.s. And thank you George, for all this great music!
B001FB4W16|5.0|I won't go into great detail about the series itself, except to say I got hooked quite by accident on this excellent show one night when I caught in on HBO. I only saw a show or two after that, but knew I had to have it if it ever emerged on Blu-ray!<br />Well, after just completing the last of the Season One blu-rays, I have to say I'm amazed at the quality of both sound aand picture. This is quite a step up from how it was broadcast in HD on HBO. There is a lot of fine detail I just never noticed on the HBO showings! Colors pop, blacks are deep, and there is no compression or artifacts like you get watching cable broadcasts.<br />Audio was also right up there, and again, a huge improvement over what I was hearing on the cable broadcast in HD.<br />I was so impressed with this, I just did a pre-order on Season 2, even though I have not experienced any of the second season. If the show quality and audio/video quality meet this one, it's going to be well worth it!
B001QFG804|3.0|The Camel Club returns for more mischief and mayham.  While trying to get even with bad guys, the very same bad guys are trying to hunt them down.  Who will win in the end?    Fairly predictable political thriller.  Decent read and the pages turn, but Baldacci, himself, has done better in the past.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|This is the perfect vehicle for Neil Patrick Harris.  I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, but imagine \\"Rent,\\" \\"Rocky Horror Picture Show,\\" and \\"Pee Wee's Playhouse\\" all rolled into one.  I hope another installment is under consideration!!
B0015DWJX2|3.0|I like the history behind the novel and the book inspired me to wikipedia Guernsey Island.  Other than that, it's not that wonderful.  It takes a little while to know all the characters since the book is written in piecemeal letter form and I often had to pause and go \\"So who is this again?\\" - and once I felt like I knew the characters, the book was over!<br /><br />I felt that the whole love story was a bit forced.  It doesn't seem like the reader gets to know the hero very well at all.  He seems like a great guy, but it doesn't seem like there is much chance for Juliet (the protagonist, and her real name in the book) to really get to know her Romeo (his name is Dawsey).  The other part that annoyed me was the character of Elizabeth.  She's a central figure in many of the letters and I found that she seemed just too good to be true, and because of that, I found her slightly annoying even though her actions would sometimes bring tears to my eyes.  Her child, Kit, is adorable though horribly precocious for a 4 year-old.<br /><br />Overall, not a bad novel and an interesting way to learn about the situation on Guernsey Island during WWII, but though the history is believable, the overall storyline seems contrived.
B0028T6XXY|3.0|I was counting the days until this came out & I am really disappointed!!! I thought They would show the whole concert like the other 2 But they only show 7 songs including 2 bonus songs & I feel ripped off I waited a whole year to hear something new from him & that's all I get Whatever!!! Hope he comes out with something better soon.I'm going through withdrawals!!!<br />Angel<br /><br />P.S. Now these 2 Dvd's are worth the $$$ [[ASIN:B000BFH2S2 Caught In The Act (CD + DVD)]]  [[ASIN:B0001IN07Q Come Fly With Me (CD & DVD)]]
B000U7169M|1.0|this movie was a complete and utter disappointment. it could have been so good, but it was very very bad.
B000092Q7O|5.0|The film begins with an old film of a street in 1939 Warsaw. Next a man plays a piano for a radio program. Explosions interrupt his performance. At home his family packs clothes (September 3, 1939). German troops march into town. How to hide their money? Oppressive regulations follow. All Jews must move into a district of Warsaw. Goods are sold cheap. A wall restricts access. Misery follows, the film shows the hardships. A man tests coins by bouncing them on marble (silver rings true). Underground newspapers are distributed to the people. Smugglers throw bags over the wall. Some are caught and killed. People die from hunger. A raid by German troops kills people. Hunger affects people. The lucky get Certificates of Employment. Others are sent east to resettlement camps.<br /><br />People are rounded up into the courtyard and selected for transportation in 1942. They are loaded into cattle cars. Someone pulls Wladek out of the crowd. Workers are marched out of the Ghetto to work. Some are shot in the street. People are sent to Treblinka but never food. Only young people are left in the Ghetto.  Arms are smuggled into the Ghetto to prepare for resistance. Wladek slips out the gate. He finds a refuge with friends. A change of clothes is his disguise, he will be hidden at another flat. On April 19, 1943 the Jewish Resistance began their war against Nazi oppression. They hid in the empty apartments. The survivors were shot after it ended in May. Would the Poles rise next?<br /><br />There is bad news: the Gestapo captured some of his friends and he must leave. There is more suspense. Wladek finds a new refuge. Will he be as quiet as possible? Wladek hears about the invasion of France and the Russian advance (1944). On August 1, 1944 the Warsaw uprising began. The water supply was turned off. Wladek finds another refuge. The film shows the destroyed buildings. Will someone discover hime? Wladek plays for the German officer, who brings him food. \\"'Spielman' is a good name for a pianist.\\" A sound truck plays a Polish song, the Germans are gone. But there is drama at the end. \\"I'm cold.\\" At the end Wladyslaw Szpilman plays the piano at a concert. He lived 88 years. The German officer who helped him died in a POW camp in 1952.<br /><br />This story is about life in conquered Warsaw during WW II. It is educational as any true story can be. It skims over the events from 1939 to 1945 to present the highlights. Warsaw was completely destroyed after the 1944 rising, it was all rebuilt after the war. One suburb, Praga, remained undamaged and was used in filming. The ruins came from another country. One lesson is that disarming people is the first step on the path to oppression. They always claim this is done \\"for your own good\\" or for \\"national security\\". After the Caesars came to power they also disarmed the Romans, and you can find other examples in history.<br />[The book \\"On Both Sides of the Wall\\" will tell you more about life in occupied Warsaw.]
B000005YZM|5.0|This is a fantastic poprecord from the magic music year 1967 (released 1968) with bright colors and delicate melodies. There`s not so much jazz harmonies as on their earlier records. \\"Hung up on a dream\\" is so beautiful and bittersweet and the single \\"time of the season\\" so special with handclaps and ahh...    Victoria Bjuringer
B001N26GFM|1.0|I never received this item, it was sent to the wrong address and then returned to you. I had to wait several weeks until my account was credited so that I could re-order it. I have finally received my re-ordered item today.    JKanary
B000H6SXMY|1.0|Do not buy from this person!!! The cd's I received were scratched and the box was broken on one side.  Also they did not respond to any of my emails for a refund!!!
B00005QZ82|5.0|It was very interesting and Played out very well. I kind of wish they would come out with another one. I liked feeling like I was in Paris. You really got to see just about everything you wanted to see with out going there. Fantastic, Wonderful.
B0017YZIL4|5.0|I have always liked the jazz guitar, and Wes Montgomery has never let me down. His style and drive will always make him one of the best. And I would tell people that have never heard Wes play, this is the perfect CD to get you started. It has so much to offer, and with Tommy Flanagan, Percy Heath, and \\"Tootie\\" Heath playing excellent backdrop, Wes really shines in his ability to make you really hear the sound he wants to deliver. Thank you Wes, for the incredible sound.
B000007OY0|5.0|I thought it was one of those movies that keep you on your feet. Everytime something happened your were either on your seat or standing on your feet. One of those movies that you just could not stand to miss any of it. It was really done well for all those people that played in this movie. Great Job to everyone. Even the Directors very well done.
1439102813|5.0|I happened to see this book lying on the bookstore staff's recommendations table and since I've heard of my online book club mentioning this book so I picked it up. I expected it to be really emotional where I would sob for hours on end. I didn't. While it was heart-wrenching and disquieting ... it was a revealing look into someone's mind, a first for me considering that Alice has early on-set Alzheimer's.     Alice was a famous lecturer, professor at Harvard, a wife and mother. After a disquieting experience while jogging one day, she went to a neurologist to find out what was wrong with her ... she finds out she has Alzheimer's. Lisa Genova walks the reader right through every emotion a person has when confronted with the fact that she's losing her mind. First, there is disbelief. Then anger, pain, sorrow and then acceptance. But in the meantime, it affects not only the patient, but everyone else around her. However, this is the first book I have read that is from a patient with Alzheimer's point of view. One really don't know what happens when a person starts to lose their sanity, but Genova walks you right through it and frankly, it scares the heck out of me!    There is some scientific jargon in there that describes what happens when the brain cells start to die off and there is psychology mixed in with it to see how the patient reacts and there's sociology, the family's network and the lack of support from Alice's peers in the psychology department. There's confusion and anger ... there's everything that one can imagine would happen and why the confusion is so apparent. For awhile there, I was really reading into the story and \\"being\\" the main character ... it is such a different point-of-view that it can be disorienting.     I had to check the back of the book to make sure that this was fiction, not a real-life memoir of someone who told the author of how it is. This is really good fiction and it really did provide an insight that I would have never guessed.I mean, who would really want to read a book about Alzheimer's? This is definitely a worth-while read especially for those who know people fighting Alzheimer's and dementia. It just gives an idea of what goes on in that person's mind.    I finished this book several hours ago and all I can think of is how frightened Alice was when she couldn't cross the floor because there was this big gaping hole in the middle of the floor ... to get to the mail that came through the door. Later, she realizes that it's a black rug ... most realistic scene I can think of right now to describe the madness of her mind. Wow! Once a vibrant woman only to become dependent on everyone to keep track of her ... very heart-breaking and very heart-wrenching.     This is a must-read for book clubs as it is full of details and ideas and strong characters ... especially Alice. I know a little more about Alzheimer's than I did before and hopefully, if more people read this book, the victims will still keep their dignity intact.    6/16/09
B001FB4VZS|1.0|It is sad what Smallville has become. The writing this season has been sub par at best and most of the episodes this season are total crap. Contrivances, retcons, lightswitches, character assassinations, and stupid anvils made the season unbearable.     The only good thing they had going this season was the Davis/Doomsday arc, and in 5 mins during the season finale they manage to ruin that too. These writers are hacks and it is well past that time for the show to end. I will not be buying a dvd of crap.
B001VB8UAE|5.0|Only one word can be used and we all know who she is, Streisand. I would hope this comes in blu-ray but I don't think the same set with the three dvd's will come in blu-ray but regardless truly stunning. I went to the 1994 Concert at the Pond and was the lucky one who had tickets for her last concert in May that was cancelled due to laryngitis, the concert was rescheduled for July and happened to be the night HBO was filming her show for cable. I can still remember the excitement of the opening of the curtain and in walked Streisand. To see her was like seeing God come out (I am a big fan).<br /><br />The Making of the Broadway Album I had on VHS and the Concert 2006 was phenomenal. To see Rosie (who actually was doing the View and was able to attend most of her concerts shows she a true fan, I still think Barbara Walters is two faced for kissing up to Rosie at the time and trashing her once she left, I haven't watched the show since) Hillary, Bill, Meg and Tom Hanks who actually were present at the Pond was exciting to see some look as good as they did then. Well worth the price anything Streisand is worth the price!
B000TFINY6|4.0|I love this show, so why would I not buy the Blue-Ray. The only thing wrong with it is that it doesn't have a cover like the other LOST Blu-Ray's that i have boughten... Other than that it's a really cool proudect.
0805079831|5.0|Naomi Klien's book is a historical account of meddling as an art form.  She describes the monied interests' alignment with power for the past forty or so years.  What you learn is that we all lie to ourselves and others but behind our lies is often naked greed and self-interest.  Anyone who ignores this book ignores America's past and fails to learn some of the most important lessons of failed foreign policy.
1847204031|5.0|First, I wrote a chapter in the book. Researching and writing the chapter was one of the most enjoyable experiences I've had in 10 years of tertiary teaching and 30 years of working in international marketing and management. Reading the other chapters I see that they provide important in-depth insight that can be applied to understanding how to lead in your own and other cultures. Additionally, as a student of history, business, and culture, I find the book to be enormously entertaining.
B00192IV0O|1.0|This has to be the worst cd I've ever listened to. The only song on there worth listening to is the only one you already here on the radio.  What a waste of my money.
B0027BOL4G|5.0|A great way to avoid fast food is with \\"Healthy Highways: The Travelers' Guide to Healthy Eating\\" This second edition has 1000 new listings.
B00129H7VS|5.0|This is a must...I was blown out of seat with my 5.1 Dolby Digital surround sound set up.  Way better than any movie theater
1401307787|5.0|Jon Kabat-Zinn's book Wherever You Go, There You Are was my first introduction to mindfulness meditation. Since then I have taken up yoga and attended courses on mindfulness and stress management. Yet I still find new insights in this book.<br /><br />Readers looking for a \\"how-to\\" guide on meditation may be disappointed, but Wherever You Go beautifully introduces the spirit of the practice. Kabat-Zinn chooses to introduce mindfulness not through direct instruction, but rather by sharing his own reflections on mindfulness and its application to daily living.<br /><br />The chapters are brief, making them ideal as readings to start or end the day. I highly recommend the book to anyone wanting to explore mindfulness for the first time or deepen an established practice.<br /><br />For those who want basic instructions in mindfulness, try Kabat-Zinn's CD series Guided Mindfulness Meditation, Series 2.  In addition, the author's book Full Catastrophe Living offers a scientific look at stress, how it affects our bodies and minds, and how mindfulness can help us manage its effects.<br /><br />[[ASIN:1401307787 Wherever You Go, There You Are (ROUGH CUT)]]
B001U0HBPG|1.0|This movie was very disappointing, and too slow - even with the great cast I turned it off halfway -
1592402038|5.0|A very inspirational and inspiring book that addresses all you need to know about punctuation marks.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|Sully Urna lives his lyrics. His tunes ROCK in line with reality. He's one of the most emotional, tell it like it is songwriters of modern day. If you can't take the language, simply don't listen. I don't think his lyrics should be toned down (pun intended) just because some are profane. It's bass in your face, the same as his lyrics. Either appreciate the music, the lyrics, the rocking out.. Or get out. Sully caters to a new age, new breed of reality ROCK!! The lyrics are brilliant. When I first purchased this CD I couldn't get the rhythm out of my head. These tunes are taunting as well as haunting. Sully ROCK ON!! Can't wait for your next release. Blessed be!!
B0019FOC5E|5.0|I just love this soundtrack, it is excellent and brings back the 70's to life with good music
B000VECAEO|4.0|I had been really harsh on Seinfeld after Larry David left the series in series 7. Gone was the authenticity of the early episodes like The Chinese Restaurant and the mixture of dark themes with the trivial like The Trip and in its place was a complete farce.     So why have I given this DVD release four stars? Because the extra features completely put this season into context. The direction of season 9 into complete zaniness was absolutely intentional by Jerry Seinfeld who was leading the creative process in the last two seasons. When you hear the creative crew give their explanations about the escape from realism throughout this season you understand as a fan that a lot of experimentation was going on at the production side of the series.     The intention was to deconstruct and play around with a world that we had all grown to love over the course of the series - by which the end of the series we discover that the four people that we had loved, admired and even some us aspired to be were complete jerks and it is probably a dark criticism on humanity that we could relate to these people in the first place. Ho-hum!     Watching the series and all the detailed, well constructed episodes of season 9 in this context really made me appreciate all the hard work that went into these final moments and it still pretty powerful watching those last episodes. (And for those that might find the ending too mean spirited to constitute an ending, there's always that Greenday song to relive sentimental nostalgic memories.)     VERY GOOD! (But don't pay full price)
B001FB4VZS|1.0|Smallville, as always, is the poster child for squandered potential and absolute trash. Not even the talented Sam Witwer could rescue this season from being the latest in a long line of disappointing seasons. He tried, he, Allison Mack and Tom Welling gave some wonderful work in the episodes that focused on the Clark/Chloe/Davis triangle, but ultimately were powerless against the producers whims and the utter nonsense of the episodes featuring Erica Durance and Aaron Ashmore.     Durance, as usual, is overblown and ridiculous as her character jumps around illogically and without reason from pining for Clark, to his alter ego, the Red Blue Blur. It's got to the point, that I think the writers don't even attempt to give a reason for her character's motivations, and figure the strength of her character's name, Lois Lane, should explain everything about what she does. They forget their audience actually have IQs and are tuning in to be entertained, not treated like dolts. Frankly, this show and this actress have made me LOATHE everything about a character I once admired.     Poor Aaron Ashmore. Saddled with a jerk of a character like Jimmy Olsen over the past few seasons, he tried his best. Sadly, the finale (a truly epic Failsday) solidified his character and this season as arguably the worst in this show's run. His character was the bastard step-child the show liked to forget existed, to the point that fans wished he'd died in Bride. Having Jimmy, excuse me, \\"Henry Olsen\\" die in FailsDay, the finale, was laughable. I tuned in for the epic showdown bewteen Clark and Doomsday, and got the death of a character that was pretty much worthless to the show.     Ultimately, this season was a waste of time. Don't waste money on a pathetic dvd set when the show's writers and producers aren't bothered on entertaining their audience with coherent storylines and strong characters like Clark, Chloe, Tess and Davis.     Superman and Lois Lane used to be great. Smallville made them the \\"heroes\\" I'd rather forget existed.
0671015206|2.0|I read this book a few years back because people had hyped it up so much.  I'll save you an hour of your life and $10:    1.  Dont buy ANYTHING (only a slight exaggeration if you read this book)  2.  Live within (or below) your means  3.  Save money    Add a dash of time and voila! You're a millionaire, but one with an exceptionally dull life of excessive frugality.
B001GCUO1Q|2.0|I like a good Action packed Blockbuster if done right. This isn't. Just an excuse to get people in the theater with a poor script and Jackman doing his Macho deal with his Wolverine portrayal. It was bad enough in the X-men movies but this is just more of the same.<br />I would have rather seen a movie with Cyclops.
1878424505|4.0|I really appreciated the author's easy flow and inspiring writing. The four agreements described are exactly how I want to live and be known by others. I have made two signs to constantly remind myself of my goals to live by these four agreements, one I placed in my bathroom to see every morning and one I placed near my desk to remind myself throughout the work day when I struggle most with keeping myself in agreement. Love this little book and can't wait to order the workbook.
0515141429|5.0|I have started making my way through the Lee Child Jack Reacher series. All I want to say is that Child is good enough at this page turner stuff that you should read these in order.   Although you dont have to, it seems to be a richer experience if you come to know the character as Child figured him out and developed him.  Reacher grows a bit more interesting, a bit more engrossing, with the passing of each of the early books in this series.  And they are pretty readily available.
B000002C4J|5.0|Celine Dion has been one of my most cherished musical artists.  These days, it's hard to find quality music that is timeless; but Celine music is forever timeless!  It's positive, it's promotes love across all relationships (love of monogamous passion, love of the common man, etc.).  Celine's music comes through in her spirit and vice versa! Her music can moves your spirit whether you laugh, cry, or feel unspeakable joy!  I have several Celine Dion albums.  And we continue to check out others! And let's not forget about the artists behind Celine's music that complements her voice!  You don't wanna pass this album up! This album's great to listen to at home, but better if you're playing it through a country road trip! Ahhhh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Celine reminds me that my help comes from the Lord!
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This movie had everything you'd ever want in a story.  Humor, drama, real-life terror situations, you name it.  An amazing ending to an amazing story.
B0025X4P24|5.0|I, like many others, am a devoted fan of Ms. Williams. I was so excited when I heard she was going to release a studio album! This doesn't disappoint.<br /><br />Her voice is as strong and diverse as ever. I love the way she sings jazz standards and having a CD with slow, sensual music in the style of Nancy Wilson and Dinah Washington has made my year! It's set to repeat on my iPod.<br /><br />I admit I'm biased, but she's as wondeful as she was with Sweetest Days, which is my favorite album.
1931559317|5.0|First of all, thanks to Sky & Telescope team for this book. I've been reading reviews for different atlases for almost a week before I bought it. But full of doubts. The reason? The price! Mmm... those 14 bucks sounds like it would not be a telescope class atlas.     Anyway, I was looking for portability. And I mean portability, not pocket size or all-in-4-folders stuff. So, I purchase it and start waiting.    And then it comes.     First, I love the nice colours and publishing quality. Even the smell... But is not a mere fact of aesthetically confort, so I grab it and go for a star party and open the package just under the stars.    Well, not bad at all. I found almost everything just using the telrad-like add in the front cover and making some visits to the last pages. In a word: \\"perfecto\\" for those 14 dollars!    But human nature is to be always asking for more, so I missed some features:    - An small table or resume about globular clusters and galaxies at the beginning of each \\"RA block\\". I'm not talking about a full in depth list, but maybe some (up to 10th magnitude list, for instance)    - Better or harder cover. It is too fragile!    - A small list of typical meteor radiant position (might be a one page list)    Anyway, is a 5 stars choice.
B001P9KR8U|5.0|This brilliant film directed by Danny Boyle manages to take the harsh reality of life for India's orphans and to create an uplifting film about overcoming the odds and holding on to true love.  Simon Beaufoy's screenplay, adapted from a novel by Vikas Swarup, tells this story brilliantly through the Indian version of \\"Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?\\", where Jamal, an uneducated young man, manages to know the answers to some very difficult questions, leading him to the point where he has only one question to win the 20 million rupees.  Why he knows these particular answers and how he got to the game show unfolds through flashbacks, starting with the massacre of an entire village except for Jamal, his brother Samil, and a little girl named Latika. The violent street life that Jamal has known and the love he has lost have uniquely prepared him for this moment.<br /><br />Dev Patel as the adult Jamal and Freida Pinto as the adult Latika create their roles with passion and subtlety, giving the rest of the cast an opportunity to shine next to them.  The child actors are as natural and compelling as their adult counterparts.  Viewers will find themselves alternately looking away from the horrors and then cheering for the way destiny exerts its ironies.  This could have been an extremely disturbing movie -- and in parts, it is -- but the ultimate emotion is pure exhilaration.  Don't miss the cast's final dance number!
B000TM1CKQ|4.0|\\"How I Met Your Mother\\" is my favorite sit-com on the air today. I grew up watching the latter-half of FRIENDS (and have since seen every episode on DVD) and I may go so far as to say, at least for me, How I Met Your Mother is FRIENDS for the Millenial generation.    Season Two improves on the winning formula of the first season. The use of flashbacks as a storytelling device is done with incredible ingenuity (the season finale is a prime example). Other episodes are dedicated to character development, such as the one about Marshall's car turning 200K miles or the episode \\"Robin Sparkles\\".    As far as the story goes, I won't spoil it all but suffice to say the major arcs of this season are, 1) Marshall and Lily getting back together and getting married in the finale, 2) Robin and Ted being in a relationship, and 3) Ted getting some new responsibilities at work. The actual meta-arc of finding out who Ted eventually marries is more-or-less put on the back-burner this season since the entire season he is dating Robin, whom we know is not the mother of his children (from the pilot episode).    The 'Making-Of' featurette is quite interesting, as are the episode commentaries. The Gag Reel is okay, some of the additional scenes are hilarious (such as an extended version of Barney's Top 10 list from \\"Moving Day\\"), but the \\"Hey Beautiful\\" music video was quite stupid (in my opinion). The Robin Sparkles video was worth a second viewing in its entirety. It doesn't quite compare to Barney's hippie video from Season One, but it's close.    Overall I was really happy with this purchase, having getting started on this show watching a few live episodes this past spring (end of Season Four) and renting Season One. It didn't hurt that I got it on sale at Target (sorry Amazon!) for $18.
B001PPLJIQ|3.0|\\"The Reader,\\" based on the novel by Bernard Schlink, did not make the transition well from prose to drama.  Set in post-World War II Germany, teenager Michael Berg (David Kross) begins a relationship with a much older woman (Kate Winslet) who shows blunt kindness to him when he falls ill on the way home from school.  When he returns to thank her, Hanna draws him into his first sexual relationship, where the passion of words, read to Hanna by Michael, becomes foreplay to the passion of the flesh.  The strange and secret relationship ends suddenly, breaking Michael's heart.  Years later, when Michael is a law student, he attends a Nazi war crime trials where he sees Hanna once again and learns of her horrifying past.  (Ralph Fiennes plays a much older Michael decades after the trial.)<br /><br />Hanna's seduction of Michael comes across as predatory, since everything is on her terms and at her instigation; of course, the age difference, plus Winslet's affectless expression, contributes to this, especially as we later learn that she used to force Jewish prisoners to read to her before they were executed.  One sex scene would have been fine, with hints of other intimacies, but director Daldry and screenwriter Hare seem to use them as filler.<br /><br />Winslet's Hanna is hardly likeable, not even in the midst of her relationship with Michael, thus ruining making sure that the viewer never sympathizes with a Nazi war criminal, not even when she has presumably built another life and, through the knowledge gained by Michael, is not as quite as guilty as she seems.  Winslet does a remarkable job of conveying thought and repressed emotion through her largely affectless expressions.  And Kross creates a believable teenage/young adult Michael.  Fiennes, given less to work with, is less memorable.<br /><br />This bleak story of love, illicit acts, and the failure to do the right thing falls flat because too much is repressed.  Nothing new is revealed.  Certainly those who follow the Academy Award winners and nominees from year to year will want to see this (if they haven't already), but those looking for a memorable film on DVD will likely be disappointed.winners and nominees from year to year will want to see this (if they haven't already), but those looking for a memorable film on DVD will likely be disappointed.
B00006674X|5.0|Actually, I think the movie is as much about Elvis' being a doctor in the ghetto as the spiritual struggle that the nuns have to face, especially once they're out of the habit.  I mean, there they were, locked up nice and cozy in the convent and because of the Church's project to service the poor, must remove the habit and \\"fit in\\" society.  Sister Irene particularly was struggling had finally left the religious life.  At the end, Sister Michelle had to decide to get married or stay in the convent and take her final vows.    Since Elvis, in real life, was very religious I'm a bit disappointed he didn't at least explore converting to Catholicism.
0143038583|3.0|Corn. Corn. Corn. Corn everywhere.  After muddling through the first few chapters, the reader may arrive at the  feeling that this book will focus entirely on corn.  Mercifully, the author moves on to other mundane topics, like grass, cattle, and mushrooms.     In between these main  topics, the author, through liberal use of unique phrasing and uncommon words, uses his personal experiences to elucidate how the modern meal arrives at your dinner table, courtesy of governmental regulations and the agricultural-industrial complex.  One phrase, \\"cheapness and ignorance are mutually reinforcing,\\" bespeaks the findings of his quest.    Pollan long-windely traces  super market-bought,  food products from the corn fields in Iowa, to the slaughtering feed lots of Kansas, to the grain elevators, and then to countless food products where corn is used.  These applications run the  gamut, such as cattle feed, various meats, food fillers, emulsifiers, nutraceuticals, and eventually into various forms of sweetened products.  His view is that \\"corn sweetner is to the republic of fat what corn whiskey was to the alcoholic republic.\\"  His bottom line assessment of  today's mass market, food industry is that it exposes the consumer to unhealthy foods, as well as increases the probability of  someone succumbing to contaminated food.    The author also takes the \\"organic\\" food industry to task in that its use of mass production and transportation techniques barely elevates that industry in food quality above the agricultural-industrial complex.\\" He abundantly illustrates the relative glibness of how the adjective, \\"organic,\\" is used by organic food growers and sellers to prey on the naiveté of the organic food afficiendos.    For the best quality and healthiest foods, the book promotes the concept of buying only grass fed meat products.  In short, one should buy fresh---buy in season---and buy locally, like from farmers' markets, farm co-ops, the farm itself, or your own backyard.The author makes some great points in this  treatise, and  with some exceptions, takes you where  the action is in the food industry.  However, to obtain those insights, the reader has to muddle through an inordinate amount of Pollan masticating and digesting his thoughts, as well as his detailed digressions, like into hunting pigs and mushrooms.
B001U5V03U|5.0|This is Keenlyside's second performance of DG to be committed to DVD. Overall it is a great performance. But then he (along with Malin Hartelius) justify perchase of the Zurich (earlier) performance: my recollection was that it was relatively inexpensive. The Zurich performance cannot boast of a \\"starry\\" cast, choosing many regulars for the remainder of the cast. It is also very regie oriented although not as obnoxiously as some of the director's other works, e.g., Peleas and Rosenkavalier.     It is quite interesting to compare SK's two different takes on the anti-hero. In Zurich there is some wit and irony in all that SK does with the role. He would appear to be amused at much of what is happening. In the ROH taping, this Don is demonic, possessed and dangerous. Needless to say in both his singing is beyond criticism. Even at the ROH when is needed (La cidarem, Vieni alla finestra, etc.)it is there. Because of the staging and direction at Zurich the ROH is more memorable if only because it is more conventional in approach. Overall the casting more than trumps the earlier set. I understand that the Anna, Marina Poplavskaya was ill; even so she is still able to triumph over her rival, Eva Mei (Zurich); clips on YouTube, notably from Salzburg allow you to hear her in top form. Joyce Didonato is the Elvira. I don't know when the idea of casting a mezzo for this role started, (Zerlina has also been given this role) but Didonato is very, very good. Even so I miss a soprano in the role. Miah Persson, the Zerlina (deluxe casting) really should have sung the Elvira. Kyle Ketelson is a wonderful Leporello, a superb singing actor. Ramon Vargas turned in a lovely performance of Ottavio. I have never heard him in Mozart and he is clearly up to the challenges of Il mio tesoro. Overall the set has no weak points vocally.    The production is all over the place but is far preferable to Zurich; Zambello must rate very high with the powers that be at ROH. Her recent Carmen was excellent; here she is less concerned with opting for an 18th century period, but mixes conventional period dress with contemporary garb. In this case powered wigs were out and a variation on the mullet was the hair design of choice. While the settings were not particularly evocative of Spain (or any other place) they were preferable to those in the Jacobs' performance.     Highly recommended
B00006DEFA|4.0|I have shown the original version of this movie many times over the years in my classroom as part of a unit on Mozart and was very familiar with the content of the movie.   This newer version contains scenes that were not in the original and I was not aware that scene 16 contains nudity until I showed it to my seventh graders-so beware!  By the way, this movie is unrated as there were no ratings for movies at that time-the original does contain some inappropriate language which I explain to my students that the use of this language helps to explain Mozart's behavior.
0743497465|2.0|I would write a detailed review on why I didn't like this book, but it's not worth it to waste more time on a book that took so much of it from me already.<br /><br />Suffice to say, the plot is boring and the overriding theme of NASA possibly being shut down due to the action or inaction of certain characters is duller than a roll of toilet paper. I highly doubt the possible privatization of NASA  (or keeping it a government agency) is enough to keep most readers interested, and that is the focal point of the novel.<br /><br />The characters are dull. Not so much characters as caricatures.<br /><br />The only reason I made it though this book is because, like other Brown novels, it is so easy to read. Even though it's boring and contrived, you can easily make it through 50 pages a night and be done with it in a week. Of course, you could just skip it altogether and save yourself the anguish and frustration.
B000001FKY|5.0|In my honest opinion, this is the coolest album ever made.  With the slick pop-rock anthems, the emotional and \\"big\\" power ballads, and selling a grand total of 20 million copies, it sits up at the throne with the few and the proud rock albums to sell that much and over.  In fact, Def Leppard is one of only six rock bands two sell 2 albums selling over 10 million albums, the others being Led Zeppelin, Van Halen, the Eagles, The Beatles, and Pink FLoyd.  WOW!<br /><br />So go out, and buy this album, because you WILL enjoy it, trust me, i'm a fan who knows her stuff.  And if i could give this baby more stars, i'd do it in a heartbeat.
1416550534|5.0|Some novels are full of yak-yak that goes nowhere; and once in a while I find one with chit-chat so engrossing that I don't want it to end, even after the final (468th ) page!  This is a 1920s story told through the eyes of a 96-year-old woman who lived it all.  The setting is an English country house outside of London, and the rooms are peopled with fascinating characters whose lives intertwine.  Mystery drives the plot; romance fuels it; and surprises keep popping up along the way.  This is the kind of book I enjoy with a cup of hot tea and no interruptions!
B0028T6XXY|2.0|I love Buble, but I was hoping to see a whole concert or most of one. The backstage footage is of Michael being playful with the crew, his band, his Grandpa; but as a fan I have seen similar backstage footage before in other Buble packages. The only footage that moved me was a re-visit to the N.Y. jazz club The Blue Note.     The footage of the actual concert was a repeat of the pop hits, with one remarkable exception- a performance by Buble with a group called Naturally 7. It makes me want to stand up & cheer, but reminds me of how great a dvd this could have been- an homage to GREAT MUSIC, which is what it should be about anyway. This DVD did not mark an event well;just Michael being cute, a little off-color,& a throwback to the Ratpack, without demonstrating the talent that makes him that caliber of a performer. This package is a bit self-indulgent of Buble to put out & for the first time ever with him, I feel like I wasted my money.     Treat yourself to Chris Botti in Boston instead[[ASIN:B001PXYH6Y Chris Botti in Boston (CD/DVD)]] - a full concert, with great performances by great musicians, who take themselves & the music seriously enough to create a memorable evening, to be watched again & again.
B001FB4VZS|1.0|This show is way past it's prime.  The budget has been cut to the point where the SFx are cheesy, the music is bad, and we see the same street (in the dark) over and over again.  This was the worst season yet.    And creatively, the show fails on so many levels.  Clark enters the Daily Planet because... because the script says so.  After 7 years of development, you would have thought more than \\"iconic\\" would have been used to explore why he choose to leave the farm and work at the Daily Planet.  Chloe Sullivan's arc was there to bring her fans and yet they undermined her character every single episode.  The Doomsday arc finishes completely unsatisfactorily and the lightswitches in the final episode are horrendous. Plot holes, inconsistencies, and major retconning of the last 7 years are in effect. And the use of a fake Lex stunt double is something to you wish you never saw.     Wait for the bargain basement sale if you are a completionist.  If you skipped the season, don't open buy this year on DVD -- it's not pretty.
0143038419|5.0|The spirit of this book is so easy profound and easy to digest. Get it.
038073186X|5.0|Located on remote Shutter Island, Ashecliffe Hospital houses worst criminally-insane individuals America has to offer.  It's 1954, and science is rapidly advancing its approach to mental illness.  Perhaps too rapidly, because there are rumors that doctors at Ashecliffe take things a bit too far.  A patient, Rachel Solando, has escaped, and U.S. Marshals Teddy Daniels and Chuck Aule have been called in to investigate and find her.  Teddy immediately realizes that things aren't what they seem.  Neither is he.  But there are secrets on Shutter Island that have the potential to bring Teddy's world--and his sanity--crashing down around him.<br /><br />SHUTTER ISLAND is so much better than your run-of-the-mill psychological thriller (which I even refuse to read any more, there's so much dreck out there).  Dennis Lehane is a gifted storyteller, with a true talent for prose, dialogue, and suspense.  SHUTTER ISLAND borders on horror (and I mean that in the best ways possible), but it's rooted firmly in the Hitchcock-ian tales of old.  The characters are all well-rounded, and the story moves along at a pace that leaves you reeling.  SHUTTER ISLAND is highly recommended for anyone who likes fiction that leaves you feeling uncomfortable.  This isn't a feel-good thriller: it's a realistic tale of the horror of the human mind.
B002BAWIWU|2.0|I purchased \\"Cheer Down\\", \\"I Don't Want to Do It\\", and the three live tracks off this collection. \\"I Don't Want to Do It\\" is rarity that was on the Porky's soundtrack of all things. So that was the hook for us big Harrison fans. Fortunately it does not appear to be an \\"album only\\" track anywhere. \\"Cheer Down\\" got a fantastic remastering job and sounds sharp and crisp and was worth buying again (also a bit of rare track having been on the \\"Lethal Weapon 2\\" and \\"Best of Dark Horse\\" out of print LPs). The three live tracks were recently included on the remastered Bangladesh album, which I personally did not pick up again as I had the original CD release. These tracks also sound much sharper than the original CD release.    The collection itself is a strange one focusing on George's early and late solo career while skipping some wonderful songs from his less successful middle. But this collection even misses better songs from the covered periods for some questionable additions. I do include the live tracks in that assessment. Great for me personally but that just screams of a marketing decision to include some \\"Beatles\\" stuff. The material from \\"Live in Japan\\" was better and more polished so the decision to include the Bangladesh material instead is perplexing.    We still haven't gotten the two new songs re-released from \\"Best of Dark Horse\\" collection and that album has been out of print forever. Those were good tracks, too, that seem to have been completely forgotten by Harrison's representatives. Also missing some rarities like the rumored George version of \\"Photograph\\", \\"Horse to Water\\", and \\"Valentine\\". All still MIA despite that huge box set released after his death.     I agree with the other reviewers...now that most of Harrison's music is available as digital downloads go build your own collection. Definitely grab \\"Cheer Down\\" from this set. That song never fails to put a smile on my face.     So I'd download: Cheer Down, This is Love, Isn't it a Pity, The Rising Sun, Brainwashed, Give Me Love (Give Me Peace...), Cloud 9, Devil's Radio, When We Was Fab, Faster, Blow Away, Looking for My Life, All Those Years Ago, Fish on the Sand, Absolutely Sweet Marie (Live-Dylan Concert), My Back Pages (Live-Dylan Concert), My Sweet Lord, Any Road, What is Life, If Not For You, Wah-Wah, Crackerbox Palace, Handle with Care (Wilburys), End of the Line (Wilburys), Heading for the Light (Wilburys).
B00006J3T4|4.0|some very nice songs but does not have the overall greatness IMHO of its predecessor or the later albums.  Still a must have for all fans!
031606792X|5.0|Yes, I agree with some of the readers that everything turned out for Bella. I also agree with Stephanie's comments on her website that the story of Bella and Edward couldn't have ended any other way.  I loved how she wrapped everything up but sad that there will be no more books in the saga. I wish there were more books like hers that could draw me into the story line like these did.  It was so hard to put them down. I read all 4 in two weeks.
B000002N25|5.0|His first solo outing was great.  There are some fantastic gems here, like Rudiger, Done with Bonaparte etc.  And unlike his later albums there is considerable guitar play as well.  A must have for any lover of Dire Straits and MK.
B000000OYQ|5.0|ive listened to page&plant, the firm, coverdal-page, black crowes and page.    ok the firm has decent music. coverdale stuff was not my style. P&P was weak compared to zepp.  i actually dig jimmys first album(death wish 2 soundtrack) and outrider is very good also. his guitar sound is Big. at least the lp is. i also like what he did with the black crowes.    recommended.
B00005LELD|4.0|I dont know how useful it really is for the 50mm 1.8 as a shade.  But it does well to absorb knocks etc.  Problems are that it is not a bayonet, and has to be screwed/unscrewed which is a hassle.  I also am wondering about the longevity of the rubber...folding it and unfolding it may have some effect on its lifespan.
B001PU8N0I|4.0|If you enjoy Charles Dickens stories you will like these characters.  It appears the British made the best period piece stories. The main  characters really carry this story especially little Dorrit, Arthur  Clennan and the dastardly Rigaud. All British bbc productions   directed by Andrew Davies have been top drawer. Great entertainment.
B001QISY8U|5.0|This is a great show can't wait until the season comes out and I can offer a accurate review.
B000WC4A8O|4.0|If you grown up listening to Led Zeppelin as a teenager you probably  remember everything was on vinyl. I highly recommend this box set it has  majority of their best songs you will not be disappointed. It appears  vinyl is making a comeback checkout your neighborhood best buy store it  stocking some vinyl.
B0019LY5IM|1.0|There are blogs and forums to review shows, this is a product review not a show review FAIL. There are spammers on here who do get paid to write some of those ridiculously long epic reviews of how great something is before it gets released ( You know who you are). People pull this same craaap with video games and books. key words PRODUCT REVIEW not show review.
B001MYIXAW|5.0|i was wondering if english subs were fixed int he copy they are selling right now, and how about spanish ones? anyone know if they are also wrong
B0001XALT6|4.0|The true mark of an good actor is to take chances.  That's exactly what Sly Stallone did in Copland.  He even went as far to gain some weight to play the part.  While the storyline gets a little predictable near the end it's the characters that you are drawn too and what makes Copland a true joy to watch.  This is well worth having in your video library and not just because of Stallone but because the movie itself draws you in until the very end.  Well done.
B001PPLJIQ|4.0|This is the story of a brief, summer affair between an older woman and a fifteen year-old boy. Before sex he reads various books to her and this becomes a vital clue in the story.  One day, after being told her job will change from a ticket taker on a trolley to office worker, she vanishes. Fast forward several years.  He is now a law student and is horrified to discover that she is one of the Nazi war criminal defendants in a trial his class attends.  His world is turned upside down.        This is a tale of moral certitude, forgiveness and redemption. It is very well told and the acting, writing and cinematography are all superb.
B000053W01|4.0|There are more compilations of greatest hits by the Carpenters than on can shake a stick at.  However, this Gold issue sounds truly exceptional for such old material.  I remember the Carpenters very well indeed as I grew up in the 60's and early 70's.  This version is not the double disc version with the same facade, and has 20 tracks.  And while you can get the double disc with a wider song selection I am not sure if it will stand up from an audiophile's perspective as this is just Gold version is just awesome.  All the major tunes are hear for you listening pleasure and oh what a pleasure it is to hear Karen Carpenter sing.  Her loss was so tragic.  If you think you can do without the additional tunes on the double disc set I highly recommend this version based upon it's overall sound quality.  You will not be dissapointed.
B000QYBB6M|5.0|Alexader McCall Smith has amazing managed to write from the prospective of an African woman. This is a simple and pleasant story, about a simple and pleasant person, who one day decided to become the number one lady detective in Botswana. So, she opened up an office and put out a sign.  This is not a suspense drama, or a romance novel, but has enough substance to keep me interested.  I want to read more of this series, (which has now been produced on TV).  The characters are nicely developed, and already seem like old friends.
0061767581|5.0|Bought this for my niece who begged me to get it for her today. She has not put the book down....it's a much better way to spend her time than to be IM'ing her friends or playing video games.
B000002I97|3.0|Great song writer and an interesting voice. Two really good songs and a few ok. ones.
B001PPLIFU|4.0|Quantum of Solace marks a departure for the Bond franchise its a breaking from the formula that has worked so well through the years. The film has given up some of the gadgets and guns for a grittier approach to the spy saga and after a few viewings it works quite well.    Daniel Craig returns as OO7 in a direct sequel to Casino Royale. In fact the story starts where the last film left off. Bond has a new adversary in the mysterious Quantum Organization. Along the way the plot takes us into revenge for the suicide of Vesper Lynd as possible motivation for Bond's actions. The plotting is more global this time and for the first time we get an environmental plot line. The girls are beautiful as always and Russian beauty  Olga Kurylenko as Camille does a great job as does Gemma Arterton as Strawberry Fields. Along for ride are the always impressive Judi Dench as M and Giancarlo Giannini as Mathis. As a villian Mathieu Amalric serves his purpose nicely though not as memorably as some of the villians of the past.    After some initial problems getting the Blu Ray to load (which necessitated a player upgrade) I was quite impressed with the presentation. The photography by Roberto Schaefer is stunning as are the locations chosen by the team to film in. The disc is not short on special features. There are shorts on loction filming, the stunts, Marc Forster as director, a music video, and an expanded interview section called Crew Files that introduces us to 31 of the crew members who worked on the film.    Hopefully the series will keep on improving.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I have never written a product review before nor have I ever watched an exercise DVD by this woman before. I am an ACE personal trainer, a certified yoga instructor, a classically trained and certified Pilate's instructor as well as a board certified neuromuscular therapist. Most exercise DVD's leave me cold as they don't have the proper form or are just too ridiculous. This DVD is a total exception. I was IMPRESSED!! This video kicked my butt and the butt of a few of my 20-something students. I bought the box set that has this DVD plus the fat booster plus the trouble spot. An EXCELLENT purchase. Get these three dvd's plus Brooke Siler's Beginning Pilate's for weight loss and Shivea Rea's Creative Core yoga dvd and you are set for months!
B001BWQVSG|5.0|What can I say ! To put together this 8 CD box set of some of Martha Argerich's best recordings and make the set available at what is a very reasonable budget price is a dream come true.. I'm looking forward to further sets. As far as the music is concerned, these recordings have existed on DG vinyl for some time (also on CD) and are superb. For me this is the buy of the year.
B000F8O35U|5.0|Great delivery. Perfect conditon and good packing. Arrived very fast. Very Happy.  Mary J Galvan
B0002VYOWW|3.0|A VERY GOOD MOVIE DESPITE SOME DRAWBACKS.  STALLONE CAN'T ACT, AND LOOKS WORSE WITH AN OTHERWISE GOOD CAST.  SOME OF THE SETS LOOKED FAKEY.
B001H5X7I4|2.0|Oscar-nominated Robert Downey Jr. adds new meaning to &#34;method actor&#34; with his brilliant turn in &#34;Tropic Thunder.&#34; Unfortunately, Downey's inspired performance remains the sole redeeming feature of this disastrous Hollywood satire. Despite a promising start with its faux trailers, &#34;Tropic Thunder&#34; goes downhill quickly. There's nothing wrong with over-the-top humor, but director Ben Stiller draws few chuckles from his &#34;Three Stooges Meet Apocalypse Now&#34; premise. As film comedians, Stiller and Jack Black are painfully unfunny — easily trumped by Tom Cruise's amusing cameo appearance. Even &#34;Apocalypse Now&#34; has more intentional laughs than this big-budget misfire.
B000AYEL6U|2.0|If I hadn't recently read the book the movie might seem great. After reading the book I was very disappointed in the movie. Neither Mr. Thornton or Margaret are so haughty as portrayed in the movie but they are quietly strong willed in their own ways. It's the subtlety that causes you to like them both and ache for Mr. Thornton as he keeps trying to win Margaret's favor. Also, Mr. Thornton, his mother, and sister all have differing accents in the movie. Weird. Read the book! It's one of Elizabeth Gaskell's best works.
B001FB4VZS|5.0|My title says it all.  This was definitely a very different season of Smallville due to the many cast and crew changes, and depending on the kind of person you are (or maybe the mood you're in when you watch it?) you either absolutely love this season, or you hated it with a fiery passion.<br /><br />I probably shouldn't have given the season a full 5 stars because of this, but I, personally, fall into the \\"loved it\\" category, and four stars would be a little too harsh for me.  Also, I think this season deserves a higher rating than the previous season (which at the time I'm writing this...isn't the case) so I'm cheating a bit to let the overall rating go up.  ;)<br /><br />But, I will say that there are plenty of things that could have been done better, and things that I didn't necessarily like--but overall, it was a much better experience and a vast improvement over the last couple of seasons in terms of characterization and storylines.  Mostly.<br /><br />You might hate this season, because the show is drastically different than the first three seasons or so...but I, personally, like many of the changes.  Comic book lore is heavier and, in some ways, enhanced, and Clark's character is just better in every way.  He's more heroic, and finally takes REAL steps to becoming Superman.  The supporting characters also shine, including the two new characters, Tess and Davis, who are portrayed by two of the most talented actors Smallville has had...well, ever.  Chloe goes through a whole range of emotions that you may admire or despise (going along with the love it/hate it theme of the season), and Lois becomes a much more rounded character (another thing some people complained about...but made her more likable to me).  It would be easy to hate Jimmy towards the end of the season, but he still has plenty of places to shine during the first half, such as \\"Identity\\", \\"Abyss\\", and \\"Bride\\", where he displays a lot of earnestness and heroism many of the other supporting characters start to lack as the series gets darker.  Oliver gets very dark this season as well, which is still a little iffy at this point.  I'll have to see how it gets resolved next season; at this point, things are still up in the air for him and I'm not sure where he's going.<br /><br />I do think most of the hatred in this season either comes from the mid-season Lana swan song or the finale.  Most of the other missteps in this season were relatively unimportant in the overall scheme of things, and even the weakest episodes weren't really that bad.  The Lana arc, which runs from episode 10-14 (though the major focus of debate occurs in \\"Bulletproof\\", \\"Power\\", and \\"Requiem\\"), was necessary to close the plot threads of Lana Lang and Lex Luthor, considering that at the time this may have been the final season.  However, coming right smack in the middle of the season sort of derailed what had been a very quickly moving and climactic story arc from the first ten superb episodes, thus leaving us feeling a little off-kilter when our focus is shifted away from Chloe, Lois, and Doomsday, and returns back to the Clark/Lana/Lex triangle that hadn't been visited for quite a while.  Many reasons the first half of the season was so good was because of its sense of freshness, so by revisiting older stories right when everything seemed to be going at a great pace...it makes it hard to not be in a bad mood when watching these episodes.<br /><br />However, despite what criticism the closure of Lana and Lex's stories in \\"Requiem\\" gets, it really isn't all that bad if you look at it from the right perspective.  Lana and Clark's relationship FINALLY comes full circle, after seven years of on-off drama, and even though the supersuit plot device was a little...weird...it did at least allow Lana to get redemption after the past couple of years really screwed with her character.  That, and the general coolness factor of reflecting elements of the Pilot episode, made Lana's exit be more bittersweet than overly melodramatic.  It's a sad ending that had to happen, but at least you know that Lana finally gets what she wants in the end--to be able to both protect herself AND protect others.<br /><br />As for Lex, the writers had to struggle with closing out his storyline, at least for the time being, without Michael Rosenbaum.  Because of this, we never really get a sense of a climax with Lex and Clark's relationship (nor did we get one in the season 7 finale, which SHOULD have been that climax).  However, the decision to bring closure while still remaining relatively ambiguous (compare Lex's fate in \\"Requiem\\" to Lana in \\"Phantom\\") was smart.  Here's to hoping Rosenbaum can return for the series finale to give a real ending to his character.<br /><br />The other main issue most people have with the season is the finale.  The season seemed to be pushing for a very good ending, and thus most of us went into \\"Doomsday\\" with very high expectations.  However, because of the success of this season, the series finale had to be re-tooled into a season finale, which I believe to be the major downfall of the episode.  Things couldn't be closed TOO much, and thus character arcs (Davis in particular) took a very weird turn, and we don't really feel fulfilled.  Great things were being set up, but what we got just didn't make sense with what had been established.  I still don't think \\"Doomsday\\" was as bad as people think it was; the quality was still fantastic, and overall the episode wasn't THAT bad, it's just that the really really awful things (Clark vs. Doomsday, Lois, Jimmy, Davis) seriously overshadowed any good in the episode.  Many elements are debatable, but I'm hoping this is one of the cases where \\"Doomsday\\" serves better as a spring board into season 9 than as a closing episode.  Even if you go into with low expectations (which you probably should), still be prepared for some real emotional moments--there are plenty.<br /><br />The first ten episodes of the season are absolutely superb, and the episodes do slip away from the freshness after \\"Bride\\", but there are still some standout during the second half, specifically the spectacular \\"Beast\\", the mythology heavy \\"Legion\\", the lighthearted introduction of Zatanna in \\"Hex\\", and the fun \\"Infamous\\" (though be prepared to hold heavy suspension of disbelief for that last one).<br /><br />The extras, which include a featurettes on Doomsday and Allison Mack's directorial debut, sound intriguing, and I'm really excited for the commentary on \\"Legion\\" by Geoff Johns.  There is also supposed to be at least one other commentary; I'm hoping we actually get more members of the regular cast on board than we have been in the past three years.<br /><br />All-in-all, this was a more creatively powered season than the past few, and I really hope season 9 improves on this resurgence.sad ending that had to happen, but at least you know that Lana finally gets what she wants in the end--to be able to both protect herself AND protect others.      As for Lex, the writers had to struggle with closing out his storyline, at least for the time being, without Michael Rosenbaum.  Because of this, we never really get a sense of a climax with Lex and Clark's relationship (nor did we get one in the season 7 finale, which SHOULD have been that climax).  However, the decision to bring closure while still remaining relatively ambiguous (compare Lex's fate in \\"Requiem\\" to Lana in \\"Phantom\\") was smart.  Here's to hoping Rosenbaum can return for the series finale to give a real ending to his character.    The other main issue most people have with the season is the finale.  The season seemed to be pushing for a very good ending, and thus most of us went into \\"Doomsday\\" with very high expectations.  However, because of the success of this season, the series finale had to be re-tooled into a season finale, which I believe to be the major downfall of the episode.  Things couldn't be closed TOO much, and thus character arcs (Davis in particular) took a very weird turn, and we don't really feel fulfilled.  Great things were being set up, but what we got just didn't make sense with what had been established.  I still don't think \\"Doomsday\\" was as bad as people think it was; the quality was still fantastic, and overall the episode wasn't THAT bad, it's just that the really really awful things (Clark vs. Doomsday, Lois, Jimmy, Davis) seriously overshadowed any good in the episode.  Many elements are debatable, but I'm hoping this is one of the cases where \\"Doomsday\\" serves better as a spring board into season 9 than as a closing episode.  Even if you go into with low expectations (which you probably should), still be prepared for some real emotional moments--there are plenty.      The first ten episodes of the season are absolutely superb, and the episodes do slip away from the freshness after \\"Bride\\", but there are still some standout during the second half, specifically the spectacular \\"Beast\\", the mythology heavy \\"Legion\\", the lighthearted introduction of Zatanna in \\"Hex\\", and the fun \\"Infamous\\" (though be prepared to hold heavy suspension of disbelief for that last one).       The extras, which include a featurettes on Doomsday and Allison Mack's directorial debut, sound intriguing, and I'm really excited for the commentary on \\"Legion\\" by Geoff Johns.  There is also supposed to be at least one other commentary; I'm hoping we actually get more members of the regular cast on board than we have been in the past three years.     All-in-all, this was a more creatively powered season than the past few, and I really hope season 9 improves on this resurgence.
0385341008|4.0|While I really liked this book, I did find it took a while to get into the story. I gave it to my Mother to read, and she couldn't stand it and put it down half way through.
B00004R9A4|4.0|This DVD was shipped timely and received in good condition.  The quality of the picture is very good, but the sound quality is a little low, despite turning up the volume.  I figured this is so because it is an old film.  All in all, you will not be disappointed with your purchase.  Great vendor, great movie... a fantastic purchase!
0553582038|2.0|It looks like many have already said this, but this book is meaningless filler between three very good books and what I hope will be a good fifth book.  Skip this one, the fifth book will pick up where the third left off.
B00258SS72|5.0|I consider myself hard to please when it come to movies. I absolutely loved this movie so much that I had to write a review. Clint Eastwood is very talented. If you get offended by distasteful racial comments then this is a warning because you'll hear it from beginning of movie to the end and he did'nt miss hardly any race or nationality. Highly recommend this movie.
B000089RVX|3.0|I have fallen in and out of love with this Cd. Sometimes it feels like this is the only CD that makes me happy, Others it has a suffocating feel with its dark lyrics and cared notes. But no mater how often I say Im done with it I all was find my self digging for it.
140120841X|5.0|I normally don't read fiction but I got to see the last half of the film with Natalie Portman as Evey Hammond and Hugo Weaving as the mysterious V figure who puts on a Guy Fawkes mask and seeks to save England from the New Order.    The book reminds me of George Orwell's novel, 1984, and in fact, John Hurt CBE who played Winston in the 1984 film version surfaces here as one of the country's leaders. How ironic is that or was that the purpose of casting him.    The book is an easy to read and a page-turner as well. You are wondering what is going to happen next and to whom. I do have some issues about V's character as to why we really don't know much about him. The book makes some revelations along the way to help explain his background without it being overdone.     Evey's character brilliantly played by Natalie Portman in the film is one of those borderline characters in the post-reclamation or revolutionary period in British history after the Queen is gone and the World Order takes shape in their own country. She starts off suspicious and aware of some of the lies fed by her government while working at a government television network.    One night, she meets V under terrible circumstances. He rescues her from being raped and maybe killed by the fingermen, government's dangerous law enforcers. V brings her to his home in the underground. They bond more like teacher and student or father and daughter than as lovers. Evey is old enough to be his daughter anyway. V is mysterious and loves the film, \\"The Count of Monte Cristo,\\" and loves growing Violet Carson OBE roses.     If you don't know who Violet Carson OBE was, she was one of the Britain's best known actresses from television. She played busybody Ena Sharpes for years on Coronation Street. They named a rose after her.    Well, the book is a page-turner and I'm not usually reading fictional works but the movie got me interested by accident. I saw it on a flight to London.
B00006JJ1O|5.0|tAtu or tATy to the Russians is a great turn in music and relationship views. The combination of English translations and Russian originals makes this a fun CD to listen to.
B001NFNFNU|5.0|Changeling is the first of two great movies Clint Eastwood directed in 2008 (the other being [[ASIN:B001KVZ6F2 Gran Torino (Widescreen Edition)]]) and it's the heartbreaking true story of a mother's undying determination to find her missing son amidst law enforcement corruption circa 1920s Los Angeles.    Angelina Jolie stars as Christine Collins, a single mother who comes home from work one day to find her son Walter missing. After 5 months of worrying, the Los Angeles Police Department tell Christine they've found her son in Illinois. When the boy is returned to her, Christine is shocked to learn that the boy is not Walter, despite the fact that the boy claims he is Walter and can even dutifully recite his home address. Despite Christine's insistence that the boy is not Walter, the LAPD do all they can to refute her claim.    John Malkovich co-stars as Reverend Gustav Briegleb, who publicly airs his disapproval of the LAPD's methods on the radio and ultimately offers to help Christine fight the police department over their incompetent investigations.    Besides its shocking (and shockingly true) story, what's really shocking about Changeling is Jolie. The media frenzy that has accompanied her for the past few years causes one to forget that she actually possesses considerable talent as an actress. Yes, she fits the role well physically as her beauty fits in with almost any time period, but she also brings both depth and believability to her performance. It's most definitely Oscar-worthy.    Eastwood deliberately cast Malkovich against type and it's nice to see him playing a sympathetic character while still commanding the screen. Malkovich plays this character as both warm and intense, handling both facets flawlessly.    Jason Butler Harner deserves a quick honorable mention for his performance as Gordon Northcott, as he is absolutely convincing and chilling.    With this and the rarely matched dramatic intensity much of the film provides, also stand-out is the meticulous re-creation of the timeframe. Everything from the makeup to the costumes to the art direction brilliantly brings 1920s L.A. to life.    With all of this in mind, Changeling further confirms Eastwood's status as one of Hollywood's great living filmmakers. Pushing 80, the man's output of great films rivals that of almost any director working today. Many filmmakers struggle to make even one great movie a year; Eastwood (who also composed the haunting score for this film) made two!    Changeling is a gripping, powerful, and very well-acted film that is definitely worth seeking out.    GRADE: A-
B001GM28HO|4.0|I love the radio i listen to it all the time so i was quick to pick up on the increase in popularity for Lady Gaga. Her pop sound and New York club background gives her a unique sound that is sure to please.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|Dude it is Supernatural! How can any of that be bad!   The family dynamics... the lores that they hunt, and the war that is going down! Things can not be BAD when it comes to Supernatural... it is only Super and Natural :D
B001R60ESE|5.0|This concert's music and performers are first rate.  I especially enjoyed the segment with Yo Yo Ma.  Some of the vocalists seemed out of place singing blues/jazz, but they were all excellent.  Botti makes a wonderful host for the concert and keeps things interesting.    My only disappointment was in the video.  The low lighting and soft focus maybe goes with the jazz - blues experience, but for a blu-ray DVD I still expected  high-definition video.  I project my DVDs on a 12 foot screen so video clarity or lack of it is noticeable.  Seems like a standard DVD format would do as well for this concert.
0780622553|4.0|It is hard to give this movie a star-grade yet we got to do it right? If you like some of the good older scifi movies this is definitely following that and I got to say this is as far as I know the newest movie that completely plays on the older ways of making a classic scifi!    Definitely worth watching for those who enjoy a good movie a dark night!
B001PPGAIA|5.0|Wonderful movie, wonderful actors, wonderful nature scenes, you learn a lot about the history of Aborigines in Australia........a must-see
1401923119|3.0|\\"The Biology of Belief\\" is a good start and can make for some interesting reading, but as so many people have stated, it really doesn't give you techniques for changing your beliefs.  That's why I recommend \\"Anatomy of Success\\" by Ronald A. Kaufman.  Many chapters are dedicated to beliefs with real world examples, as well as how beliefs are formed through our experiences.  He then gives you a multiple-step process and methods for how to change your beliefs.  Beliefs do change, and this is the way it happens.  Either we manage our beliefs, or they manage us.
B001ILHY1I|1.0|My son picked up some DVDs for $1 each. He was taken on this one. Most frightening part are the reviews of most everyone else. I just hope this because most normal people just never saw this.
B000Q6GX5Y|5.0|One of the best movies I've ever seen, and blu-ray gives you such detail u can count the abs of actors at the back of the set and blood splatter oh so beautiful
B000003TA4|5.0|being a huge glam metal fan. i liked this anyway. this is a great cd.
B000X1Z0BU|5.0|This is, by far, the most uplifting movie I've seen in a really long time. The two characters are depicted as incredibly realistic, yet magical. Perfect friendship/date movie, especially if you are both into \\"real\\" music. I highly recommend it!
B000063DI9|5.0|but maiden seem to go on forever.considered  maiden's last GREAT  release.  buy remastered version, synths don't seems so upfront. could listen to this eveyday
B000P0J09C|2.0|When talking about Full Metal Jacket, it is helpful to break things down into two.  That is, a really outstanding depiction of the dehumanizing of basic training recruits in a Marine boot camp.  This part of the movie is the best Hollywood representation of the boot camp experience ever made.    Things break down significantly in the transition from boot camp to Viet Nam.  \\"Part two\\" is detached, makes no sense if you were ever in Viet Nam.  And, the landscape is grossly inauthentic.  The characters are not well developed, except for the Vietnamese prostitute and her pimp.  The ambush scene is contrived and unrealistic.  Joker, in the film, is commonly stereotypical -and boring.  This is not so in the book.      Gus Hasford, in \\"Short timers\\",  created an interesting and controversial character who says one thing and acts and does quite differently.  Not quite the anti-John Wayne kind of character you get from the film.  That's part of Hasford's joke on us.  And the entire Vietnam part of the story is radically different from the film with thumbs-up to the story, not the film.      If Kubrick had only adapted the Viet Nam portion of Hasford's book as Hasford wrote it, (but without Hasford's tendency to go over the top in absurdities of characters and plot lines) then Full Metal Jacket would be an outstanding film.    No one can critically say this is a good film.  Of course anyone, without an informed opinion can conclude otherwise.
B0000027RL|5.0|SINGLE BEST DEBUT CD EVER. I KNOW THIS IS A BIG STATEMENT, BUT NOT ONLY IS IT THE BEST DEBUT, IT'S ALSO PEARL JAM'S BEST.
B0000AM6IY|5.0|Romantically speaking, the delicate crescendo of unfinished love dominates this powerful classic (easily one of the finest dramatic musicals ever produced). The unfolding of love, passion, and intimacy between Tony and Maria, like the riptide, spills into the soul of this film. Their whispered and orchestrated words on the balcony create nuances beyond the realm of normal drama. Their marriage before God establishes their union, solidifies the romantic crescendo, and allows Maria to mourn her husband's death at the end. It is a complete tragedy on all respective levels.      All meetings between Tony (played by Richard Beymer) and Maria (played by Natalie Wood) are stunning in presentation. The musical overtures are superb, the dancing is brilliant, and the conflict between the Jets and Sharks (women included) has its own originality in classical terms. Yet, Maria alone commands the stage in virtually all tender moments (except those involving Anita); our heroine's softness, intelligence, and untested wisdom establishes her emotive control of the play (start to finish). In as much as her humility does not detract from the other powerful performances, Maria displays honor, sacrifice, depth, and commitment throughout the entire drama. We observe Natalie Wood in her finest hour as a gifted actress.      The principles of romantic tragedy dominant this play in its careful adherence to the plot and character development within Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet (who is Maria's unspoken mentor in matters of passion and control of one's lover). She redirects Tony away from secreted romance into the tragic consequences of interfering with the rumble; the deaths of Bernardo (her brother) and Riff (Tony's closest friend) are related (within dramatic irony) to her secret intervention (supposedly on their behalf). In truth, this masterpiece resides in both categories, tragedy and romance; bound (perhaps) by her mournful voice, \\"Don't you touch him!\\" Our catharsis is directly affected by Maria's youthful passion related to unfinished love in its most delicate stages.
B0002EXH5O|5.0|I waiver on which is my favorite deth cd. somedays it's this one and others it's Countdown to Extinction. either way  both are great. Now this is what a metal album should be like.   Mustaine re-establishes himself as a talented lyricist. Each and every track offers musicianship, as is and has been the trademark of every Megadeth album. Even more so for this album, as it has guitar great Marty Friedman working on lead guitar. Mustaine's tight and  precise rhythm work added with great bass lines from Dave Ellefson and fast- as-hell drumming from Nick Menza you have one outstanding album.     I won't get into a debate as to whether the remastered version is better then the original or vice versa, however, there are few things you should know before rushing to the store to buy this album. If you have the original, don't bother with buying this version as the original captured the intensity and the mood of the band at the time. This version serves to give a fine sheen and make the sound quality better, in which it excels. I can't shake the feeling that Mustaine might have re-recorded some parts, which just ruins the whole thing.
0385340575|5.0|Some time ago, I read Lee Child's Without Fail. I remember it as an exciting read, but it didn't cause me to seek another Child novel. Recently, I picked up Gone Tomorrow. Simply put, it's a great book.    If you're willing to accept the basic premise that a spellbinding adventure could flow from witnessing a woman (a complete stranger) kill herself on a New York subway, then the book makes sense. The hero, Jack Reacher, is a fortyish veteran of thirteen years' service as an MP officer. As an MP, he was engaged in special investigations all over the world. He developed first-rate fighting skills and marksmanship. Now, he wanders about on a limited budget confronting (and relishing) any dangerous challenge that comes his way.    Reacher is a sort of James Bond on the cheap. He stays in expensive hotel rooms at a steep discount by bribing maids and night clerks to let him in off the books. He takes a bus to get around. He'll walk to save bucks. He remembers where there's a cheap eatery with good food.    Reacher is also largely uncomfortable with today's technology. He describes himself as the only guy in America without a cell phone. He's unsure about how to play a DVD in a computer.     Gone Tomorrow centers on a search for a flash drive that contains a picture that may incriminate John Sansom, North Carolina Congressman and senatorial candidate. The picture was taken in Afghanistan in 1983 when Sansom met with what many consider to be the most evil man on the planet. Sansom, the DOD, FBI, Homeland Security, and a particulary vicious (but stunningly beautiful) terrorist, Lila Hoth, all want that picture in the worst possible way. Lila proves to be almost as cunning and resourceful as Reacher.    Child pays meticulous attention to detail. The story is set in Manhattan and Child shows a familiarity with the island and its people that could only come from tirelessly roaming the mean streets himself.    The book clearly reflects careful writing and editing. There are notypos, no awkward phrases. Not a single useless character.
B0002EXH4K|5.0|I waiver on which is my favorite deth cd. somedays it's this one and others it's rust in piece. either way  both are great.     'Skin O' My Teeth': Awesome start to the album. Perfect opening track that jumps right out at you. Great riff, awesome lyrics. Sets a tone for the whole album. 5/5     'Symphony Of Destruction': Everyone knows this track. One of Megadeth's best and everyone knows the words. It has to be sung along to. Amazing start to this track with an awesome riff. 5/5     'Architecture Of Agression': Great track that isn't one of Megadeth's best known tracks but it really should be. Very nice chorus. 5/5     'Foreclosure Of A Dream': Slightly slower than most Megadeth songs but still great. Dave makes this more melodic and a very nice solo. 5/5     'Sweating Bullets': Very interesting verses in this track. Dave really talks the verses and sings the chorus. It is different, but it works extremely well. 5/5     'This Was My Life': Amazing chorus in this track that is very catchy indeed. 5/5     'Countdown To Extinction': Best track on the album. Superb riff, superb lyrics, superb solo. What more do you want? One of Megadeth's best. 5/5     'High Speed Dirt': Nice riff in this track just not as good as others on this album. Good chorus. 4/5     'Psychotron': Amazing riffage in this track and a cracking chorus! Again it is quite catchy and another Megadeth track that isn't well known but it should be! 5/5     'Captive Honour': This starts out slow but builds up very nicely. Very good lyrics in this as Dave uses other people to talk from a court session. (you'll understand when you haer it). Very good riff and chorus. 5/5     'Ashes In Your Mouth': Very good ending to the album which has great lyrics and you notice the riff the more you listen to it. Excellent faded out ending. 4/5
630407185X|5.0|One of the most accurate accounts of the tragedy of \\"Operation Market Garden\\", a debacle brought about by the arrogance and incompetency of British Field Marshall Bernard Montgomery. The film is excellent in it's historical content, gives the viwer a real sense of having been there.  EXCELLENT!!!!!
0679809015|2.0|Two qualms about book.  the edges wear out easily. My 7 month old used it as a teether and within minutes the edges were white! not a book to be \\"passed on\\"  2nd qualm. They list the baby horse who is saying \\"neigh, neigh\\" as \\"A PONY\\" instead of \\"A FOAL or FILLY\\"  for us horse lovers out there, there is no greater upset then having a child call a baby horse pony!
B0013AWVZS|5.0|The movie was one of the most powerful and intense versions of his last 12 hours before his crucifixion. I had watched the movie finally through YouTube and fell in love with the music the moment I heard it.    I bought the CD just recently and fell in love with it just hearing it. My favourites are \\"Bearing the Cross\\", \\"Crucifixion\\", and \\"Raising the Cross\\". The music played from the time he bore the cross to the time of his crucifixion was some of the most powerful ones.    The rest of the music I do admit was powerful and I loved it. Before anyone criticizes this music listen to it first before saying something. This is one of the well recommended soudntracks to have if you love a lot of Chorus and vocal music. This and \\"Angels & Demons\\" Soundtracks have some of the most powerful music scores you would find for a movie.
B001TKKAJG|1.0|I am a fan of The Band and have several Mobile Fidelity remasters, so I was looking forward to what I hoped would finally be a decent sounding CD from the group. In short, the sound is awful. Awful to the point of being unlistenable. Though there is something of a sense of depth and soundstage to the CD, the sound is so harsh and strident that there is no pleasure in listening to it. Don't waste your time and money. I can't believe that Mobile Fidelity put out an SACD of such poor quality.
B000IMV4IW|5.0|All I can say is WOW! I've crunk this cd so many times, especially Morning Glory. I can't seem to get the volume high enough. That song is perfect for the summer time at the beach, having a great time with friends! Every song is a hit and showcases real talent, the Gallagher boys do us Irish lads proud!
B001FB55HG|3.0|I'm a huge fan of the Terminator series and I saw this movie on the midnight premier when it was released in theaters! I loved the movie, it's something I was wanting to see for a long time, a movie about the future war against skynet. Christian Bale did a great John Connor and Sam Worthington as Marcus Wright was great too! The movie stayed very true to the previous 3 movies and stuck to the time line way better then T3 did.... When I entered the movie theater, I didn't have any great expectations though, because I'm not a fan of Mc G's previous movies and didn't really think he could pull it off, but he did it. There's been a lot of bad reviews about this movie, but trust me, if you are a true Terminator fan, you are going to love this movie! The action scenes are great, the plot is familiar and also has a little something that feels new and fresh. The actors / actresses did a great job in their rolls and the machines were amazing!  I personally think this is the best Terminator movie since T2 and I give the movie 5 stars out of 5, but now to the DVD review.....    The DVD I give 2 stars for this reason:  Mc G promised the fans that when TS was going to be released on DVD and Blu Ray that the fans would get a 30-40 minute longer version along with an alternate ending and also a bunch of bonus material! Now when the time is here for the DVD and Blu Ray to be released we can clearly see that Mc G's words weren't true, for now at least.... the DVD does not contain anything, but the theatrical version and there is no bonus material at all!   The Blu Ray contains the so called \\"directors cut\\" of the movie which is only 3 minutes longer along with the bonus features and a theatrical version!! WTF happened to the 30-40 mintute longer version for BOTH DVD AND BLU RAY??? WTF happened to the bonus features for the DVD version??? 2009 will be remembered as the year that the Terminator fans got screwed!! Our TV Show got canceled and now our long awaited DVD release of TS is nothing of what we were promised!!   I am going to boycott this release and I think all of the true Terminator fans should do it as well, so that we can show the movie company that we ain't gonna take their lies... I hope they release the promised version of Terminator Salvation, AND NOT JUST FOR BLU RAY, BUT FOR DVD AND BLU RAY!!! NOT EVERYBODY OUT THERE HAS BLU RAY AND YOU MOVIE COMPANY'S NEED TO UNDERSTAND THAT!!    I love the movie, but as long as the movie doesn't get released as promised, I will not pay any more money for this movie!     Terminator Salvation Rating:    Movie *****  (For being a great installment in the series and a great beginning to a new trilogy)    dvd **  (For no special features)    Blu Ray ***  (For the special features and the 3 minute longer version)
B0001BKAEY|3.0|I won't go into detail, since others have taken care of that. I'll just say I'd have been a lot happier with this finale if Morpheus hadn't been whittled down to a lame, near-cameo role.  The inscrutable guru of movie one is just barely  more than a flunky here.  He's also put on a lot of weight (but that doesn't stop Travolta). It just doesn't cohere as well as it might if the characters had more continuity.  Neo, Smith and Trinity are all understandable, but Niobe seems to have been stuck in there mainly to replace Morpheus.  What happened?  The ending is more satisfying, tho.
B001KVZ6ES|2.0|'Gran Torino' jest filmem przeznaczonym dla entuzjastow pestek slonecznikowych, dlubanych na zywca. Pozostali, oprocz najbardziej zagorzalych fanow Clinta Eastwooda, moga z powodzeniem odpuscic ten dwugodzinny niewypal. Rezyser filmu, Eastwood, gra tu role kultywujacego swoja odrebnosc i skloconego z siasiadami zgorzknialego weterana Wojny Koreanskiej, ktory w zaskakujaco szybkim tempie morfuje w kierunku zawzietego sasiadoluba. Film zrobiony jest bardzo wprawna reka i zawiera kilka smiesznych tekstow, ale ku mojemu rozczarowaniu przewaza w nim zgnilawa atmosfera \\"politycznej poprawnosci\\", czy tez kulturowego bon-tonizmu.<br />Byc moze jest to ostatni film Clinta Eastwooda, gdyz jego \\"znaki dymne\\" sa tu nie do przeoczenia. Pozwole wiec sobie na oficjalne podziekowanie temu aktorowi i rezyserowi, jednemu z moich filmowych idoli, za jego wklad w tworzenie bajki dla poznania ktorej chce sie czlowiekowi wstawac z lozka, wbrew zdrowemu rozsadkowi.<br /><br />Hotel Detective
B0016UNG18|5.0|no doubt in my mind that this is the best live album ever!  But let's face it folks the CD and LP sound quality suck.  Does anyone know if this mp3 download has been remastered?
1423101472|5.0|The Last Olympian ended the series with an epic battle in NYC.  As always, Riordan mixed Greek mythology and classic teenage behaviors flawlessly. His humor and realistic dialogue make the book top notch. I'm sad to see Percy's series come to an end but hope for more Camp Half Blood stories in the future.
B001FB4W0W|2.0|Since I don't get HBO, I awaited the first season of Trueblood on DVD with excitement.  It's a disappointment.  The adapters chose to emphasize the creepiness and sex.  Not that those are necessarily bad, but one can take in only so much explicit humpin' and pumpin' sex without some foil for it.  What's missing in the adaptation is a sense of humor.  With the exception of LaFayette, no one in the cast is allowed to crack so much as a wry smile.  Publisher's Weekly calls the WRITTEN series \\"humorous southern-fried fantasy with biting satirical commentary.\\"  The TV version has lost the humor and takes a very heavy hand with social commentary.    Go read Charlaine Harris's books instead.
0441013597|1.0|I didn't like the Dune book and here are my reasons why.    It should be noted that I'm rating this book without taking into account at all that it is 49 years old -- had I done so this review would be different.    This review might contain spoilers.    Having just finished the four novels set in the Hyperion universe and the single short story in the same setting I was shocked that something so great (the Hyperion series) could have existed for so long without myself knowing about it. Having grown up as very young with the \\"Dune 2\\" real time strategy game on the PC which I have fond memories of I later on always had a strong suspicion that the Dune books must be truly great -- but for some reason I never got around to reading the books despite reading a lot of other fiction. Finally I bought all the books in the Dune series -- I was THAT certain this series must be so good I would want to buy all of them anyway; or so I'd been told, things like \\"So you thought Hyperion was good? You should read Dune.\\".    I was deeply disappointed. For starters I didn't like the tone and style of writing, but I didn't like Hyperion immediately either, and I went into the book with enthusiasm, a truly open mind and embraced every idea when I started reading and didn't care if things didn't make sense at first.    I'm soon finished with the second book now and here are my thoughts: Dune has little or nothing to do with science fiction and technology, it has everything to do with politics, religion and what I'd call magic -- the abilities of e.g. the protagonists to manipulate their own bodies and see into the future with no explanation whatsoever or even vague references to physics is hard to grasp. It is even told that the magic spice can \\"bend space\\", presumably as implied by GR. It is even harder to accept that in a high tech, interstellar fairing civilization computers are outlawed and knives are extremely effective weapons.    As said already \\"The universe that Frank Herbert creates here is a humanistic one, almost a mideval renaissance world.\\", if you can accept this as science fiction in addition to a lot of seemingly absurd babble, then you will probably enjoy the book.    The author seems to employ cheap plot devices to elude the burden of having to speculate on the technology of the future. E.g. all computers are illegal due to a \\"jihad\\" that banned them a long time ago. Apparently digital guidance computers are not needed to navigate nor control the massive interstellar spacecraft that are present in the novel but never discussed in detail. Instead they are navigated using one of the several magic forces of the \\"spice\\" in addition to so-called \\"navigators\\". The most sad thing is that exactly how this (and basically anything else too) works is not even mentioned as far as I can recall.    To imagine strong AI is forbidden is possible, but to imagine that not only weak AI (expert systems) are illegal but ALL computers altogether are illegal? Give me a break. Supposedly \\"Ornithopters\\" are used as aircraft on Dune, with no explanation as to why this is cheaper and more effective than regular aircraft -- however, are we meant to believe these aircraft are operated with analog electronics? Is all communication analog too?    \\"JIHAD, BUTLERIAN: (see also Great Revolt) -- the crusade against computers, thinking machines, and conscious robots begun in 201 B.G. and concluded in 108 B.G. Its chief commandment remains in the O.C. Bible as \\"Thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a human mind.\\"\\"    Since computers per se are never mentioned in the book as far as I can recall I can only interpret the Butlerian Jihad as outlawing ALL computers -- as is actually stated too in the quoted text. Are we really meant to believe that an interstellar civilization operates a vast network of huge, massive spacecraft of all kids, without using any form of digital computers? All sensors, attitude control, thrusters, life support systems, GN&C, communication, command and data handling are all analog, and somehow fed through a mutated creature that is this \\"navigator\\", who uses a magical spice to fold the very fabric of spacetime itself? And none of this needs to be even remotely explained or even mentioned how actually works?    Other works of science fiction often refrain from explaining the inner workings of arbitrary technology too, but in those cases the underlying concepts or ideas that are implied (or stated explicitly) are often familiar ones that are easy to imagine -- the reader can fill in the voids and gaps on his/her own, however with Dune I'm unable to do this. It seems impossible.    It is perhaps at least as hard to accept that weapons are near useless, due to everyone in a military situation being equipped with a \\"shield\\", which supposedly causes subatomic fusion upon being struck by directed energy from a weapon. To suppose that nothing, not particle weapons nor energy weapons are useful at all, because of a shild that can stop ANYTHING, seems not only unrealistic but makes again for a poor excuse as means to exclude such weapons from the universe altogether.    In all Dune seems more like a desert fantasy universe with the technology so distant and so remote that it is felt as if it is not even there at all. The ideas and concepts seem more magical than scientific.    Due to the age of the work I expected a space opera/soft science fiction -- little talk about technology and science, but as I've tried to explain there is less than that, there is so little science in the book that fantasy is perhaps a better term.    Although if you can live with what I've briefly mentioned so far, the rest of the book must be said to be great, but there are plenty of other reviews that deal with what the book is really about. I'm just disappointed from a *science fiction* point of view.
1933771690|1.0|It is truly amazing how one can write an entire book from misunderstanding one simple principle. When scientists talk about the \\"observer\\", all that that really means is that there is a logically consistent viewpoint of the universe. Quantum physics just tells us that we have a choice of viewpoints, for example, the standard example that we can measure either the speed or position of a particle.     An observer can take a pick of viewpoints, but that doesn't mean that any other viewpoint is any less valid. More importantly, no viewpoint needs an observer to be valid. If one insists that a viewpoint needs an observer to be valid, then that means that an observer becomes tied to his or her viewpoint. Tying an observer to one specific viewpoint means that s/he is not able to choose viewpoints at random, which basically means that there's no free will. Everything is already pre-destined. I don't like this, so naturally, I won't like the entire premise of the book. I would much rather believe in an infinite number of viewpoints, which I can choose or discard at will. I don't want to be responsible for the universe. I just want to watch it.    Furthermore, the author cites a number of unsolved problems in our current understanding of physics. Aside from a lot of flowery language in describing these, there's nothing. The reason why I have a problem with this is that his logic would can apply at any time in history to any level that physics was at. He's not presenting any solution to the particular issues that scientists are working on. If we are to accept his arguments, we can dismiss the entire science of physics. This is rampant nonsense.
B001JFZ118|1.0|I should've taken the advice of the other reviewers, but I went ahead and bought this dvd because the price was right (or so I thought).  This is a great movie, but this dvd is terrible.  All of the way through, the picture is grainy and dark and the sound is horrible.  You can barely hear what they are saying during normal scenes and during fight or action scenes it gets so loud that you can't enjoy it.  I spent the whole movie turning the volume up and down.  And, the subtitles are only in French.  No English subtitles!  Don't waste your $7.50 for this dvd.  Wait for another release.
B0013ND36G|1.0|This movie is horrible, the casting is horrible, the script is horrible, everything about this movie stupid. I got angry watching it.    EDIT:    Ok I thought the above review was more than enough words to describe this dumb movie. I'm at a total loss, or was the last time I watched this which was the first hour a few days ago before I shut it off remembering how it ended and not caring. The script shows an astounding lack of creativity and imagination by being a simple retread of the first, well more like a very watered down weak moronic remake of part 2. The two young leads whose names I cannot remember are horrible actors, the Terminatrix is completely stupid, Arnold's last go as the T-800 is very cartoonish and he even seems to put emotion into his lines. This movie is a mess from the get go, very light and airy compared to Cameron's films, the guy is probably slapping his forehead each time a team of 2300032 screenwriters and producers get together and slop out another bastardization of The Terminator whether it be this and the other new film or that piss weak TV show. If you enjoy this you get what you deserve, idiot.
B001T30232|5.0|I loved this book!!!<br />It is an amazing story that is told mainly from the point of view of a dog named Enzo. While this sounds far fetched, it truly works and does not come across as contrived in any manner.<br />Enzo is a part of a family whose lives are entertwined with following their dreams and of the interuption of their dreams when tragedy strikes.  Enzo hangs in there with Denny, his human, through the good  and the bad times, lending his support as only Enzo can, through unconditional love and a wagging tail.  Through it all Enzo philosophizes about life and makes a definitive effort to learn everything he can about humans, life and his dream (like Denny's) of racing Italian cars professionally.  Enzo strives to be the best dog he can so that when his time comes he can evolve into a human, which is what he has faith will happen.<br />This is such a wonderfully told story, impossible to put down, even when you are sure that this will be like all the superb dog stories in the end.  Alll that said, even then, the ending is astounding, renewing and not quite what you expect.
B00164GDD2|1.0|What was Sony thinking?. The 25th anniversary of this fantastic movie and they release the worst transfer I have seen to date for Blu-Ray. I looking forward to this since it's release announcement and was completely shocked when it started to play. Save your money if you already own the standard DVD of this movie. I would return it if I could and this was only $15.00     Blazing Saddles was made in 1974 and that Blu-Ray transfer is fantastic, plus was made 10 years earlier than Ghostbusters ,so there was no excuse for this disaster!
B001TIDXTM|3.0|Breaking Dawn was  a lot darker than the previous novels. This one is for more mature teens. There is an intensity and a passion that is nearly uncontainable.  This is combined with a level of pain and fierceness that could be misconstrued if one were to forget that this is a supernatural tale dealing with vampires and werewolves.<br />Bella and Edward join together in marriage and the resulting passion is almost ferocious, as well as destructive.  Breaking Dawn seems to stretch even the fantasy and at times felt a little bit \\"too much\\".  The story plays out with arrival  of a baby that challenges the imagination but makes for an interesting twist to the series.
B0013LP870|1.0|As a avid fan of The Eagles..I found it very disappointing that my family  and I received a scracthed CD and when I E-Mailed them as to how to   return it I have never gotten a response. If you order this CD The Greatest Hits:The Eagles...make sure it isn't scratched before celebrating your reception of this product.
B000PC0U1W|4.0|The review on blu-ray.com pretty much says it all, but to be more concise:  1. The lossless audio track is nice, but only 16-bit. Some of the quieter and louder details that were audible in the theater are muddled on the bluray.    2. I understand the extras being produced in 480p, but the trailer not being 1080p is just laziness.    Even with these nits, it's a great purchase if priced correctly. I picked mine up for $12.99, which is quite reasonably given how good it stacks up on other fronts.    Recommended.
B001E7OO2I|4.0|John Legend is one artist that I would sign to my record label provided that I had one. He has the look, the uniqueness, and, most importantly, the talent. All of his albums are worth purchasing. The best thing about him is the fact that he can be appreciated by the younger audience as well as the \\"grown folks.\\" People just love him. What probably gave him some free publicity is the fact that Kanye West basically put him on the forefront and let him spread his wings; now he flies confidently in solitude. Sure, Kanye usually throws a rap on a song for him with most of his LPs, but John Legend can surely stand on his own two feet.<br /><br />I was very entertained with \\"Evolver.\\" He can definitely call himself that because he does do different things, yet he always gives us that classic sound which includes his great voice and much use of an instrument called piano. \\"Green Light\\" was well-received by music listeners. Legend caught us off guard with this up-tempo track which features the wonderful Andre 3000 of OutKast. \\"Green Light\\" has such a fine melody, perhaps that is why this song is so radio-friendly. The second release was \\"Everybody Knows.\\" I can recall my brother continually playing that song and telling me to listen to it closely. I could not get into it at first, but now I certainly like it, especially when he says, \\"Nobody has it easy.\\" Oh what a sweet love song \\"Good Morning\\" is. This song has a laid back feel and is very well produced. My girl Brandy comes as a surprise on this album, but it was such a pleasant surprise because I like just about anything she does. She and Legend both hold their own on this track. She really has progressed vocally over the years and for that, she should be commended. A job well done to Midi Mafia for producing a fine number for the two.<br /><br />Ladies and gentlemen, do pick up this album along with \\"Get Lifted\\" and \\"Once Again.\\" They are all worth the investment.<br /><br />Mikeisha's Top 5<br /><br />1. \\"Quickly\\"<br />2. \\"Green Light\\"<br />3. \\"Cross that Line\\"<br />4. \\"Good Morning\\"<br />5. \\"Everybody Knows\\">2. \\"Green Light\\"<br />3. \\"Cross that Line\\"<br />4. \\"Good Morning\\"<br />5. \\"Everybody Knows\\"
B000EWBKLC|3.0|1. Saw is one of the early blu-ray releases, so it's a single-layer (25GB) disc. It uses a high bit-rate MPEG2 encoding, which just can't keep up with some of the finer details and fast camera moves. As such, it looks a little better than what you would see on your HD satelite service.    2. While the DTS-ES track is nice, it's still lossy audio. Given how dialogue driven this film is, this isn't too big of a deal.    If this bluray is on super-sale (<$8), and you LOVE the film, go for it. Otherwise, I would just record it on your DVR from whatever satelite/fiber HD service you have and watch that until a re-issued bluray with VC-1 and DTS-HD master audio comes out.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|I loved it! A friend of mine put me on to Nicole Kidman, and my family raved about Hugh Jackman. I thought their performances were terrific in this movie - very moving all around. I am now a huge fan of Nicole Kidman.  The history revealed a very difficult time for the aboriginals - but when the Japanese bombed Darwin, a drawing together of the people over-looked  the color of their skin, and the men of the outback saw the strength and resilience of this beautiful English ma'am in her achievements, despite huge odds against her and her supporters.
B000BEZQ0Y|5.0|My goodness...the music is stunning!  Anyway I love the movie and it's music.  So I bought this CD and great results have come out of it!!  The CD and case was in perfect condition.  All of the tracks are wonderful.  There is something that makes the music so unique.  If any of you out there are looking for some darn good music with orchestra and what not GET THIS CD!! You will not regret it!  And job-well-done to the superb pianist who did all the piano playing in the music!!!!!!!!!!!  I'm so excited about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0009Q0F5U|5.0|\\"Passacaglia\\" is one of the finest songs I think I have every heard.  Ranks up there with Moonlight Sonata and Pachelbel's Canon in D.    The UK version of the main title has got to be one of the finest bits of human vocals ever recorded.    \\"The Shape of Things to Come\\" is also a very nice song.    Worth every penny.
0671449028|4.0|This is a cute book; my son got it along with 2 others, and he clearly preferred this one.
B00009YUPY|2.0|I bought this mouse to match my new Thinkpad, thinking that the plastic would match the texture and feel of the Thinkpad's surface.  Unfortunately, it feels much cheaper than I expected, and I will probably upgrade to a Lenovo mouse that actually has the \\"think\\" brand on it.     It works fine, though.
B001DPC4TG|5.0|Audiophile quality sound.  Fun music.  I don't know if it is a guilty pleasure or not.  Most people make fun of Van Halen.  Regardless, these are well crafted, well recorded songs, mastered on high quality vinyl.  1st rate job!
B0018QQQK8|3.0|This is another harmless little bit of fluff from the master of mawkishness Nicholas Sparks.  It won't tax your brain terribly much, it will tug a bit at your heartstrings and it might help renew your faith in humanity and leave you in a slightly more optimistic mood than you were when you picked it up.  It's the story of a U.S. Marine who finds a photo while jogging in the desert of Iraq.  He posts it in the barracks, but no one claims it and then he starts to notice that good things happen to him when he has it.  After he returns to the US and leaves the Marines, he goes in search of the woman and after that it's pretty predictable.  The book also contains:  dog training, angry exhusbands, and acts of heroism involving a \\"swollen creek\\" and rising floodwaters.  A bit from column A and a bit from Column B.  SOme would argue it's like the bookwriting machines from \\"Brave New World\\" -- but you'd be wrong because I bet Hollywood makes this one into a movie.  ANy thoughts on who might play the leading man?
B00003CWPL|5.0|This movie/film is unlike anything I've ever seen or experienced.  I first saw it when it was first released, a bit later when I saw and studied it in film school, then sometime around 1993 or 1994 when I was visiting with my brother, and we were looking for a video to rent and I suggested this, and last, only just recently on the \\"on-demand\\" service on cable.  Needless to say, this film has, from my first viewing to most recent, held up as probably one of the greatest films I have ever seen, of any kind.  While my first viewing of this was from that of an aspiring filmmaker, the second being when I actually examined it in detail as part of my film school studies, and later on in further screenings, having recently seen it on cable on \\"on-demand,\\" I am and will forever be amazed at this work.<br /><br />I had not seen this film, in any form or format, for nearly 15 years, but seeing it recently on the cable-tv \\"on-demand\\" service, I have to say that my positive feelings about it originally experienced, have only been refreshed and reinforced, big time.  In my past memories, I had and have always considered this one of the best films I've ever seen, but again experiencing it again and again (thanks to on-demand), I found so much more value and meaning in all the strange weirdness of it all, that I'd really have to say that this film is at least in my top 20 movies of all time.  At the very least.  What makes it deserve such a spot?  Just the overall weirdness of it all, but specifically, how all that weirdness all seems to make perfect sense if one thinks about the movie's various scenes and contemplates the same.<br /><br />Having read the main Amazon reviews and user-reviews, I was and still am reluctant to add my two cents in, because most of the positive reviews here are really great and enlightening.  But here's my two cents worth, for what it's worth.<br /><br />This movie, by David Lynch, was an AFI (American Film Institute) project, but which was completed and enhanced, long after it was a \\"student\\" work.  While very low budget, it is proof positive that with imagination and vision, a little money can go a long way in creating a truly eternal, superior work of art, film-wise.  The film is truly unlike anything before or after it, and while I had fond memories of it before seeing it again (and again) recently on the cable \\"on-demand,\\" seeing it again after so many years just reinforced my love for it.  In other words, while I had loved it before, viewing it again only added to my appreciation for it.<br /><br />There are many films and movies which \\"fans\\" will buy and replay and enjoy again and again, but this one is really special.  Not only because it is just sooooo weird, and a real shock to the system (our brain cells), but because it is a movie/film (DVD release) which almost DEMANDS numerous viewings, just to get all the details and to start the old brain working in the process of interpreting all of those details.  For the truth is, this is a really one-of-a-kind cinematic treat, and deserves more than almost any other film, repeated viewings to \\"get\\" the most from it.<br /><br />Very slow-moving and deliberate is \\"Eraserhead\\" that I guess a lot of people will give this a try at first, only to be too impatient to stick with it.  But many movies are like that, including so many critically acclaimed films.  For those who stay with it, who just relax and enjoy the images and sounds which follow throughout however, I can't imagine anyone really being too dissapointed with this.  Even if one doesn't truly \\"get it,\\" but who watches it to the end, there is a great reward here in much, much after-thought.  For no matter what one's station in life, in no matter what time period of one's life, this is something that will stick with you, for life.  Whether it be a few small, seemingly insignificant scenes and ideas, or the larger picture, this is a movie which will make you THINK.  Think about a lot of things and challenge the intelligent viewer, about a lot of things, some a lot more comfortable to think about than others.<br /><br />Over time, many have tried to break down this film and impart upon it various meanings and supposed metaphors.  I would reject none of them however because this film is just so unique and different.  In fact, a single viewing really doesn't do justice to the whole.  Only with repeated screenings (even if they may seem tiresome and unnecessary), does the pure genius of this movie become apparent.  For me, it is a horror film, a comedy, a sci-fi work, an experimental try, and so, so much more.  It is really one of a kind, was when I first saw it and studied it, and remains to present day.  Even if you see it once, you need to see it at least once more.<br /><br />My own interpretation of the film is that it is a satirical and comedic view of a strange man in a strange land (20th, 21st century) who finds himself in a hell-ish, nightmarish existence, in an ugly, urban place not too distant from that world a lot of us live in.  Specifically, the movie deals with the industrialized/crazy living environment, bad dream, all of us deal with at some time or another and are forced to deal and live with.  In this case, that of a single man living in a weird world, who seems suddenly forced into a marriage of convenience, and worse, fatherhood.<br /><br />All of this does not begin to describe the bizarre journey here though.  I give 3 thumbs up to this, but if one is in doubt, I strongely suggest a rent before a buy.  If one gets it, on any level, and one's budget can afford it, it certainly is a must-have for any collector of totally weird and rather deep movies, if one thinks about it enough.  \\"Eraserhead\\" is without equal, and after seeing it so many times, all I can think is that this is not all that far away from the reality of most people's eventual experiences in \\"romantic\\" relationships and marriage, and of how having kids (or at least one) can change everything for the worst.  However one may interpret all the weird images, sounds, sound effects, and \\"music,\\" this is truly a masterpiece of cinema after all is said and done.<br /><br />A stranger and more delightfully disturbing, enlightening Hollywood, linear movie you will probably never experience, and I think everyone should see it at least once, if not several times after to fully appreciate the genius here of David Lynch's finest work.ings, some a lot more comfortable to think about than others.    Over time, many have tried to break down this film and impart upon it various meanings and supposed metaphors.  I would reject none of them however because this film is just so unique and different.  In fact, a single viewing really doesn't do justice to the whole.  Only with repeated screenings (even if they may seem tiresome and unnecessary), does the pure genius of this movie become apparent.  For me, it is a horror film, a comedy, a sci-fi work, an experimental try, and so, so much more.  It is really one of a kind, was when I first saw it and studied it, and remains to present day.  Even if you see it once, you need to see it at least once more.    My own interpretation of the film is that it is a satirical and comedic view of a strange man in a strange land (20th, 21st century) who finds himself in a hell-ish, nightmarish existence, in an ugly, urban place not too distant from that world a lot of us live in.  Specifically, the movie deals with the industrialized/crazy living environment, bad dream, all of us deal with at some time or another and are forced to deal and live with.  In this case, that of a single man living in a weird world, who seems suddenly forced into a marriage of convenience, and worse, fatherhood.    All of this does not begin to describe the bizarre journey here though.  I give 3 thumbs up to this, but if one is in doubt, I strongely suggest a rent before a buy.  If one gets it, on any level, and one's budget can afford it, it certainly is a must-have for any collector of totally weird and rather deep movies, if one thinks about it enough.  \\"Eraserhead\\" is without equal, and after seeing it so many times, all I can think is that this is not all that far away from the reality of most people's eventual experiences in \\"romantic\\" relationships and marriage, and of how having kids (or at least one) can change everything for the worst.  However one may interpret all the weird images, sounds, sound effects, and \\"music,\\" this is truly a masterpiece of cinema after all is said and done.    A stranger and more delightfully disturbing, enlightening Hollywood, linear movie you will probably never experience, and I think everyone should see it at least once, if not several times after to fully appreciate the genius here of David Lynch's finest work.
0312370849|5.0|This book effortlessly educates the reader about a little-known event in French history, the roundup of Jews living in Paris in 1942, while simultaneously crafting an absolutely haunting story of one particular family, the parents of two children, Sarah and Michel.  There is also a secondary plot about a young American journalist who writes about the Veldrome roundup for a special anniversary issue of the magazine.  Ultimately, the two stories come together in a profound and moving way.  The novel calls to mind many of the questions asked about the holocaust in Germany as well -- the huge numbers of neighbors who claimed not to know what was happening, who did nothing to help, and who in some instances benefitted from the tragic losses of these families (in, for example, occupying the real estate vacated by Jewish families who were deported and taking their possessions).  This is another book that makes you think that history is never really over, and that how history is dealt with (or not dealt with) has enormous repercussions for the present day.  As France struggles anew with social issues, including the situation of its new immigrant minorities, this book has continued relevance on both a social and political level.  First rate!
0930289234|5.0|One of greatest character narratives in existence. Proves the true quality of Alan Moore's works at the height of his career. It is a true deconstruction of the superhero genre, with imagery and a gripping story to suck you in as soon as Rorschach says his first few words. Also the art by Dave Gibbons is phenomenal in it's realism and classic style. All the characters are well flushed out and the environment and situation is clear to the reader in this great example of comic book genius...
B000JLPMPS|5.0|Hands-down the best modern day western ever made. Forget Appaloosa or 3:10 to Yuma, this is it! An all-star cast including Eastwood, Morgan Freeman, & Gene Hackman playing the ruthless sherrif bad guy. A must-have for Eastwood or Western collectors! Kick back & take a trip to Big Whiskey while enjoying it all on 1080 blu-ray.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Original,quick,lots of twists,turns,and surprises! Terrific cast and writing. Of course there have been other vampire stories-but I don't recall any where the citizens were aware of actual vampires and the vampires are asking for an equal rights amendment!!! Wow!  'Ya gotta love it! Haven't even gotten into the area of Sookie being able to read peoples' minds abd her boss can become another human or animal at will. Whoa!
1600610234|5.0|The author obviously has a unique and fascinating imagination and skill for detail beyond average concept.  Others who have similar skills will benefit immensely by following the instructive, visual design schemes that result in superb sci-fi visions. This is the most amazing talent I have ever witnessed.
1416562591|5.0|In his Booker Prize winning novel, The White Tiger, Aravind Adiga has achieved success where other illustrious writers have fallen short in recent years. Kiran Desai, Monica Ali and Salman Rushdie have all entered the fray and achieved considerable success of their own around themes rooted in the ramshackle, disorganised, free-for-all, cost-cutter basement of globalisation. Characters in their novels might live in New York or London, but their thoughts continue to live in rural south Asia. They might, through their labour, service the desires of the First World rich, but their personal priorities might remain rooted in the concerns of Third World poor. I accept that the grouping of these authors is unfair, since Salman Rushdie's Shalimar The Clown is an overtly political book, whereas Monica Ali's is largely domestic and Kiran Desai's is familiar. But they do all share an overt interest in characters who have left their humble, Third World origins for a First World status that is less than desirable, though their motives might be diverse.<br /><br />In The White Tiger, Aravind Adiga tries a different tack, and achieves much. The scenario is unlikely, deliberately comic. The book presents a narrative - apparently constructed in just seven evenings at a personal computer - by one Belram, a man with origins in a poor area of an Indian countryside he calls Darkness. Essentially, there are seven blogs or emails addressed to Wen Jiabao via the Premier's Office, Beijing, China in which the first person narrator tells his story. Belram, presumably, believes that the Chinese people, via their leader, need advice on how to succeed in the globalised twenty-first century. Since Belram has indeed succeeded, he wants to share his experience as potential assistance to the most populous nation on earth.<br /><br />Belram's rise can be listed without jeopardising the potential reader's interest or involvement with the book. He was of utterly poor rural origin, but luckily - and also perhaps rather deviously - secured a job as a driver for the middle-class, urban Mr Ashok. By the end of the tale Belram has his own business in Bangalore, a place as far from his own origins as any international destination. He now owns a taxi fleet that services the anti-social working hours of the growing city's relocated call centres, whose First World cost-cutter owners provide the financial umbrella-shade in which budding entrepreneurs like Belram may shelter and prosper. Thus he eases himself a rung or two up the social and economic ladder. If only the elevation might have happened without treading on others...<br /><br />The White Tiger is a delightful and engaging book. The narrator's humour and world-outlook are both entertaining and stimulating. The book's improbable structure presents no problem whatsoever once Belram's engaging style is established. His story is simple, devious, credible and incredible in one, and perhaps as close to a truth as one might ever approach. Literature is full of schemers and opportunists. Anti-heroes, however, rarely convince. Belram, on the other hand, almost demands we share his success via emulation, and I encourage all readers to enter his world on his terms.deviously - secured a job as a driver for the middle-class, urban Mr Ashok. By the end of the tale Belram has his own business in Bangalore, a place as far from his own origins as any international destination. He now owns a taxi fleet that services the anti-social working hours of the growing city's relocated call centres, whose First World cost-cutter owners provide the financial umbrella-shade in which budding entrepreneurs like Belram may shelter and prosper. Thus he eases himself a rung or two up the social and economic ladder. If only the elevation might have happened without treading on others...    The White Tiger is a delightful and engaging book. The narrator's humour and world-outlook are both entertaining and stimulating. The book's improbable structure presents no problem whatsoever once Belram's engaging style is established. His story is simple, devious, credible and incredible in one, and perhaps as close to a truth as one might ever approach. Literature is full of schemers and opportunists. Anti-heroes, however, rarely convince. Belram, on the other hand, almost demands we share his success via emulation, and I encourage all readers to enter his world on his terms.
B000R9J3X4|5.0|If you don't already own any Garbage CD's, this is a great compilation to get. I'd recommend spending the extra money for the double CD set with the remixes.
0425166805|5.0|For me, I don't need to be persuaded. i already believe in what the book speaks about. But the book is well written, and although the writings are not fact. he does make a lot of very interesting points. i give Erich alot of respect for openly challenging the modern way of thinking. i personaly think our \\"modern\\" way of thinking could you a total make over. Erich asks alot of very good questions for which there is no answer. all in all the book is well written, entertaining, and has a good price point. if you question what is known to be fact, then i suggest you read this book.
B0028T6XXY|3.0|i've been looking forward to this cd/dvd forever. i downloaded the audio portion but i'm not sure if i'll spend the money to get the dvd if its only 7 songs. i want a full concert like \\"caught in the act\\". i'm so sad right now :(
B002AT4KA0|3.0|It has been a long time since I've watched the original, but I knew what was going on and who everyone was. 5 years after the original, Dom and Brian are back together racing, and getting revenge! They are both looking for a man named Braga, a drug lord who recruits street racers to move heroin across the US-Mexican border. If you like the Fast and Furious series, action, and suspense, you'll love FAST & FURIOUS!!!
0425166805|5.0|Arrived on time and in great condition.  An intriguing read to say the least.
0525421033|5.0|The less you know about this book when you pick it up, the better. So I'll avoid plot summary. I'll just say that this book is both moving and funny -- it deals with essential, beautiful, sad things but it is not seeeeeeeerious. It's also the kind of book you devour. The plot speeds along at such a clip, you have to keep forcing yourself to slow down to savor the dialog and descriptions. Forman has such a humanistic worldview; the book exudes kindness and humanity (but again, not in a vomitous way). As a parent, I appreciated how sympathetic and cool the parents in this book are; they don't really GET their daughter Mia, but they support her and they are the kind of people you want to know and befriend. And again, amid all the comparisons to The Lovely Bones, I must repeat: LOTS OF FUNNY IN THIS BOOK! NOT DREARY! The Lovely Bones was a lovely and lyrical and disturbing book; this book is warmer and more accessible. STOP READING THIS REVIEW AND BUY THE DANG THING ALREADY.
B000V1Y43W|5.0|Cars is yet another example of the amazing masterpieces that pixar continues to create year after year.
B000005RRF|4.0|I first listened to Misplaced Childhood (1985) while at college (also 1985), where most folks probably discovered Marillion.  Although I was still very much into the 1970s prog acts, I loved the fact that the group had the courage to continue making music that was very unfashionable at the time (and a concept album to boot).  Furthermore, while the music of Marillion was far removed from the classic 1970s prog style, it was still much better than the music being put out by the English prog giants still active at the time.<br /><br />The lineup includes lead singer Derek Dick (\\"Fish\\"), Mark Kelly (synthesizers, keyboards), Steve Rothery (guitars), Peter Trewavas (bass guitar), and Ian Mosley (drums and percussion).  The drumming of Ian Mosley really makes the album work for me and while the electric guitar solos get a bit \\"arena rock\\" at times,  Steve Rothery is a solid guitarist with a great deal of sensitivity.  Overall, these guys are fine players and there is some good ensemble work.  The voice of Fish is very distinctive and he may well have been the most idiosyncratic singer from the entire genre.  His voice also seems to have mellowed from performances on records like Fugazi (1984).  His lyrics are superb and are more poetry than anything else.<br /><br />In terms of the tunes, which are arranged as a continuous song-cycle, I can hear aspects of Genesis circa 1978-1980, a tiny bit of Pink Floyd circa 1979, British symphonic pop, and American stadium rock. The sound is very accessible; indeed, Kayleigh was a big hit and actually made its way onto the radio.  Overall, the tracks move along at a slow to mid-paced tempo, rhythms are mostly in 4/4, and layers of marshmallowy synthesizer textures are used to generate a symphonic fullness.  While Marillion has a tendency to tack unrelated bits together, the approach works very well on the Misplaced Childhood \\"suite\\".  The dynamic range is wide and includes quiet passages that just feature spoken word and subdued synthesizers to sections where the whole band is going full steam (the mid-tempo passages).  Overall, this is one of their more musically adventurous albums.<br /><br />This CD does not feature any extra tracks (there is a remastered version out there for those that are interested). The liner notes feature lyrics, recording credits, and a few \\"arty\\" images. The album was produced by Chris Kimsey and the sound is very thin (very little bottom end).<br /><br />All in all, this is a good album that is regarded very highly by fans of the band and is recommended along with Clutching at Straws (1987) (the last with Fish) and the outstanding Seasons End (1989) (the first with new singer Steve Hogarth).ections where the whole band is going full steam (the mid-tempo passages).  Overall, this is one of their more musically adventurous albums.      This CD does not feature any extra tracks (there is a remastered version out there for those that are interested). The liner notes feature lyrics, recording credits, and a few \\"arty\\" images. The album was produced by Chris Kimsey and the sound is very thin (very little bottom end).     All in all, this is a good album that is regarded very highly by fans of the band and is recommended along with Clutching at Straws (1987) (the last with Fish) and the outstanding Seasons End (1989) (the first with new singer Steve Hogarth).
B0018QQQK8|5.0|this book was so great and kept me on the edge of my seat. i enjoy all nicholas sparks though, he is truely blessed with a talent.
B001H5X7I4|1.0|The only possible explanation for this movie is to target 12 to 13 year old boys.  Nobody else could possibly think that this is worth the time to watch it.  One of the great frauds perpertrated on the American public is that Ben Stiller has ANY talent.  You can add Adam Sandler and Will Ferrell to the list of no talent movie \\"stars\\".
B000OT8GCQ|5.0|A tremendous story, not the best from Sparks [The Wedding] but is by far my second favorite! Happy reading!
B001U891HE|5.0|I don't know if it was updated or not.  But this product does have a table of contents.  Great buy!  If you like Shakespeare...
0312427565|5.0|From the sound of it, a book about astronauts sounds like it would be interesting. But if you really think about it, do you really care to know every detail of the story of astronauts? I wouldn't care. Of course maybe someone older who lived through the hype back then would really enjoy reading the ins and outs of the program. But to a young buck, astronauts are cool and all but give me the facts, give me the meat; I don't care for the jargon, the details of each flight etc. Better yet, give me the juice on the tragic accidents that occurred in the space program - like Apollo 13.<br /><br />Well, Wolfe does not indulge us. He gives the long and short of the Mercury program which was the first to put a man into Earth's orbit. However he writes in a way that the story is not dry or dull at all. It's fascinating and spellbinding. It's history but it does not read like history. It reads like a novel. And of course that is the genius of the author. By the end of the book you are left hoping for Wolfe to continue his narrative of the space program but alas it must end somewhere.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|This miniseries is incredible, it is worth buying and seeing several times.<br />This movie weaves history into a personal story of the love relationship between Abagail and John Adams. It also focuses on their children and the joys and pain involved in raising children.<br /><br />This movie shows the self sacrifice that our foundering father's exhibited in creating our country. I particularly enjoyed the discussions between Jefferson and Adams. The discussions were complex and sophisticated.(It would be nice if our politicians today discussed ideas from a practical and philosophical perspective, instead of just spending their time blaming each other.)<br /><br />The acting and the costumes and the sets are all well done.<br /><br />If you like history at all, you will like this movie.<br />Tip for watching this movie-select the special feature so that you get additional information that is shown in subtitles. The subtitles are interesting and not overly done. They don't overly distract you from the movie.<br /><br />Enjoy!
B000003TA4|5.0|Truth be told, if I had reviewed this album when I first bought it, I would have given 2/5 and the best I could say of it was that it had one a half great songs on it. Not exactly sure when I bought the album...not when it first came out, that's for sure. Would have been many years later, after it had become one of the most hyped albums of all time. Maybe some years later I tried listening to the album again. Same result. One and a half great songs, and the rest is just \\"nothing\\" songs. So, one or two listens to the album when I first bought it. One or two listens the next time I heard it. Frankly, I had consigned this album to the \\"don't bother listening to this album ever again\\" bin. What changed my mind?       About a year or two ago I bought Nirvana's black compilation album. There were some songs on it that I wasn't familiar with, so I looked to find out what album they were from. The notes said \\"Nevermind\\". Hmmm. Really? Seriously, REALLY?? It's taken me a while, but I've re-listened to this album a couple of times in the last few days, so I think it's time to write a review of it.     Best songs:    Smells like teen spirit - When I said this album had 'one and a half great songs on it', on first impression, this is The Great song. It's a song for the ages, and the reason why people would bother to check out this album. Not sure if there has ever been a time when this song was not one of the greatest songs of all time...maybe one time I might have first heard this song in the middle of things, and heard \\"Hello, hello, hello...\\" and thought to myself \\"Meh!\\", BUT, once you hear it properly, from the start onwards, its greatness asserts itself. I love the introduction...not a guitar player myself, so not sure of the terminology, but the guitar lick at the front seems dampened, or maybe not fully amplified. Also love the spike in the dampened sound right before it becomes fully amplified or whatnot. Don't think you hear that little spike on MP3 players...to subtle for it. Then the angle grinder guitars kick in with one of the all time great riffs, and Dave \\"Thumper\\" Grohl starts banging the drums with what sounds like John Bonham for one drum stick, and Bonham's twin brother for the other drum stick. Lead singer Kurt Cobain does some vocal shredding in this song and the bass line is really cool. However, I do have to ask if anyone has nailed singing this song quite like Ian Turpie has. Be that as it may. Don't mind Patti Smith's version of this song either...way better than Tori Amos' version.    Lithium - probably my second favourite song on this album. Has the Quiet Loud Quiet structure favoured by one of their influences, Pixies (well, the usual phrase is Loud Quiet Loud, but I think my way is more accurate!). The chorus in this song is terrific and I like the bass playing in the middle of the song.    In bloom - as with The Police's drummer, Stewart Copeland, I find Grohl's drumming to be satisfying, aurally. Again, Grohl seems to want to turn his drumkit into something that Salvadore Dali might have drawn. Yet another cool bass line in this song (this album is full of them) and the guitars have a low buzzing sound to them. The chorus is catchy but I wonder if all those years ago if maybe I had found the lyrics too simple. Not an issue for me now, if that was the case.    Come as you are - I'm guessing that this might have been the 'half a great song' I had in mind when recalling this album years ago. Quiet, Loud, Quiet format. Mostly a mellow song with a smooth sound to it. Has a catchy bass line to it and some thumping drums too.    On a plain - when I listened to this album for the first time the other day, I placed a dot next to it, meaning I didn't mind the song. The opening track on this album got two ticks from me, and the others above got one tick. On second listen I gave this song another dot. This plunged me into a philosophical crisis of confidence...does two dots equal one tick? In this case, I've giventhe song a belated tick. It has some nice harmonies and the vocal melody has a sing-song quality to it as well as being eerily familiar...though I can't quite place it. Cobain uses the lyric \\"To write off lines that don't make sense\\", which may be Cobain's song writing template.    Next best songs:    Polly - mostly accoustic guitar, mellow, smooth. The kind of song you maybe could have found on The Beatles' White album. Has some child like lyrics again, which, if they did turn me off years ago, does not do so anymore.    Something in the way - the intro, as well as elsewhere, features a simple accoustic guitar. The drumming is light and uses cymbals a lot. Cobain is at his mildest here, vocally speaking. Perhaps this song has the most child like lyrics of any song on this album. Mellow track, and features a nice violin part to it too.     Best of the rest:     Breed - has a Police style intro (think \\"Synchronicity II\\"). Thrash/punk type drumming; bassy synth; indie rock vibe. Chorus is a bit catchy too.    Territorial pissings - has highly distorted electric guitars. Also has a thrash/punk vibe to it...maybe you could call it \\"Oi! punk\\". Features the lyric \\"Just because you're paranoid don't mean they're not after you\\". Cobain screams himself hoarse in this song. Literally. Found that funny!    Lounge act - bassy intro. Guitar sound a bit punk. Sort of catchy.    Stay away - actually, I didn't give this song a dot next to it, but I do find the raspy vocal on this quite a hook. Has thrash/punk drumming and punk style guitars. Bassy; two vocal styles by Cobain: 1) rock 2) something a little more extreme than that.    Really, the only song that isn't of some interest to me is:    Drain you - the one remaining song that I haven't made a note of here, yet. It's another song employing Cobain's sing-song vocal style. In a way, this song reminds me of \\"By the way\\", by The Red Hot Chilli Peppers. Took me a whle to like \\"By the way\\" as it sounded like a parody of their style. Nirvana seem to be regurgitating their sound here, which is not to say that this is a bad song.          Okay, that's my review. If I had written this years ago, it would have gotten 2 stars and I would have only mentioned two songs that I liked, more or less. If I mentioned other songs, it would have only been to note their varying styles, not because I liked the songs.        Has anything else changed to give make this album go from 2/5 to 5/5? Well, apart from finding some of the songs on this album catchier on their compilation than I did when listening to them on this album, I suppose another major change is that I've listened to more varied sounding albums in the meantime...compilations by the Ramones, Sex Pistols, Saints, Slayer (especially their good album of punk covers \\"Undisputed attitude\\"), and, perhaps most importantly, albums by Pixies, which I consider to be the superior grunge band. All these albums may have expanded my taste in music far enough to find gold in this album when previously I had found pretty much all of the album unremarkable.        Did consider giving this album 4 stars and maybe calling it an 85/100 or 9/10 album. On my second recent listen, I think I am really looking forward to relistening to this album again, one of these days. In its favour is an absolute classic song, Cobain's raspy vocals, Grohl's thunderbolts and the punk influence that comes through in this album. You can tell that Nirvana have been influential when you hear bands like Faith No More 'borrow' some of the band's sounds, e.g. \\"Last cup of sorrow\\" has an intro which is similar to Nirvana's \\"In bloom\\".       Anyway, after all this time, I do think that this album is worth 5/5 and ALL the hype it has received. Just took me a while to see things this way.    If you like this album, some other albums I've enjoyed and reviewed here include:    Pixies: \\"Come on pilgrim/Surfer Rosa\\" and \\"Doolittle\\"  Ramones: Anthology  Sex Pistols: Kiss this  Saints: Know your product  Slayer: Undisputed attitude  Metallica: \\"Reload\\" and \\"Master of puppets\\" and \\"Garage days Inc\\" for some punk influences on the band.
B001W79MB8|5.0|I am a firm believer of quality over quantity, so I am going to keep this short and sweet.    For starters...WOW! What a movie,simply amazing,instant classic.    I am an avid anime viewer and I have been so for quite some time,so I have gone through a lot of anime, some that made me want to rip my hair out and some that have reminded me time and time again why I love anime so much. Although I like many different kinds of anime I tend to refrain from shonen-styled(with the exception of Black Cat)anime and go for more adult themed anime such as Paranoia Agent,Berserk,Gungrave,etc.    As mentioned in previous reviews the animation is top knotch. You have to see it for yourself, the detail put into this movie was incredible.It looks even more crisp and vibrant on blu ray. The scenery was simply breathtaking. Beautifully hand-drawn and NO CGI!!!    The story is one that mixes many elements. So perfectly balanced. It made me sad,it made me happy,it made me laugh, and altogether left me speechless. The action was fast paced and perfectly executed, not to mention bloody. Sudio bones is by far one of my favorite studios and they did not disappoint! The music complemented the movie flawlessly. Between the beautiful animation and great music I must have experienced chills several times throughout.    I'd hate to say this, but many animes tend to disappoint as far as endings go. Well, this one doesn't, in fact the climax/ending is the best part. Such gripping action and so passionate.    All-in-all this is one of my favorite anime movies of all time. I recommend it to anime fans and even new-comers alike.     Buy it and enjoy! A+++++++ 5/5
B000089RV6|5.0|Most people will select a certain album as being the greatest of all time. This is my selection. Why do I call it a magnificent failure then? Well, I briefly owned the dual disc version of this album and on the DVD side lead guitarist Angus Young said that the band wanted to release a non-singles orientated album. On that count, the band has failed, spectacularly. \\"You shook me all night long\\" has been mercilessly flogged to death on commercial FM stations in Australia, where I live, and there are a few other songs that have proved radio friendly as well. This album has also proved AC/DC's most successful album of all time...it has sold some 40 million copies...second only to Michael Jackson's Thriller album.  Before I start my review, I'll just say that I did not keep the dual disc version of this album...when both sides of the disc have content, there's more chance of getting scratches on one side or the other, I think.     Best songs:    Hells bells - perhaps my favourite track from the album. Has the classic tolling bell intro (the sound of the bell is terrific-Black Sabbath use a tinnier sounding bell for one of their songs, and Metallica sample the same one Sabbath used, I think). The thumping drum then kicks in. As with all AC/DC albums, you get the dual guitar attack of rhythm guitarist Malcolm Young and his little brother, lead guitarist Angus. It's a magic moment when in this song you get initially one guitar riffing, then the other comes in to provide it company. AC/DC are a band which don't like to call themselves \\"heavy metal\\", but I think that this song easily qualifies for that genre. Just before new vocalist Brian Johnson begins singing (um, shrieking!), the guitars sound positively evil...like Cerberus barking at the gates of Hell! Features a good guitar solo and some great lead guitar work.    Back in black - Click. Click. Click. Riff. Lick. Riff. Lick. Back in black. Absolute classic. From the cool count in beat, to Johnson's shrieking vocals,this is a magnificent rock riff and song. One of their best.     You shook me all night long - many years ago I would have probably gone with this as their greatest ever song. However, here in Australia, this is the AC/DC that has been flogged to death...the lashes has been turning the bones of this song into powder for years now. So, forgive me if I am not as positive about this song as I used to be. Still a classic in my view, but one that I will tune out of once the introduction has played on the radio. That introduction features a great guitar sound...a ringing, jangly guitar lick, then a big drum thump, then the great riff. As with \\"Hells bells\\", it's magic when the guitars harmonise. The song title references Muddy Waters' song \\"You shook me\\", which Led Zeppelin covered, I think. AC/DC just sex up the meaning of the song. Some people think that the lyrics include the line \\"She was a fax machine she kept her modem clean\\". Okay.    Rock and roll ain't noise pollution - a bluesy rock song which has one of the all time great introductions...an off the cuff sales/evangelical type spiel by Johnson, with some other ambient sounds happening in the background (another favourite example of this kind of stuff is in Cold Chisel's classic \\"Saturday night\\", but the ambient noise/chatter was real, I think. Apparently that band's lead singer was in contention of the lead singer gig for AC/DC). As \\"You shook me all night has been flogged to death on Australian radio over here, this song has risen in stature for me, as it is played less. Might not have originally considered this one of THE classic tracks on the album, but it is up there now, I think.     Shoot to thrill - the album's forgotten classic. When I reel off the great songs on this album, this is the one I am liable to miss. When you here it on radio over here, which is very rarely, the great lead guitar lick reminds you of how underrated this song is. A boogie rock track with sing-song vocals. Has some Led Zeppelin type lyrical lines in this song. When Led Zeppelin sing that kind of stuff (as in \\"Whole lotta love\\" or \\"The lemon song\\") they get hailed as rock gods, but when AC/DC do it, they get get called 'juvenile'! Double standards, people! Apart from the great guitar lick in this song, you appreciate the drum beat break down when it comes on just before.    Givin the dog a bone - man, this song is a guilty pleasure! Mindless fun, if you can overlook the fact that women aren't put on a pedestal on this song. [...] Features some of those backing vocals which AC/DC are known for and which I like. If there aren't any women in the room, the chorus is great fun to sing along too! Had never really noticed it before, the guitar rhythm of this strong is a bit off-kilter...left of centre. Their new album, \\"Black Ice\\" has a song which is reminiscent of this one, namely, \\"War machine\\". Really, can't see why \\"War machine\\" is not the song which was released as a single from that album. Terrific song, that. Years ago \\"Givin the dog a bone\\" was spelled as \\"Given the dog a bone\\" which is ungrammatical. I can no longer mock this mistake! Sigh.    Best of the rest:    What do you do for money honey - Maybe you could view this song as a companion piece to the Bon Scott era AC/DC song \\"Shot down in flames\\". In that Scott song, Scott was the hapless ladies man put in his place by women who got the better of him, verbally. Here the band are like the construction workers with exposed arse-crack, wolf-whistling or insulting passing women. Another typical AC/DC contribution to male/female relations! Not a bad song though. I like the bluesy, less frantic bits of this song.     The Rest:    Let me put my love into you - a bluesy, slower tempo rocker. You can notice the bass guitar in this song (AC/DC have a bass guitarist? Really?). More macho posturing from the band.     Have a drink on me - bluesy intro, backing vocals. I like the tonal quality of the recurring guitar lick. Seeing as this album was released in the wake of original lead singer Bon Scott's alcohol related death, you have to wonder about the appropriateness of this song. This isn't something that I've thought of in the past. As I get older, I'm looking out for the kids! Good ol' me!    Shake a leg - has a sing song guitar pattern, but otherwise one of the faster songs on this album.       That's the entire album. In my opinion, AC/DC are the greatest rock band of all time. This album is the cherry on top. It combines the Bon Scott era anthemic riffs, with an otherwise solid album. AC/DC are the gods of riff rock, I think. They have never released an album this chock full of anthemic classics, and the lesser songs probably stack up better than the lesser songs from the Scott era. It's like the Scott era classic album \\"T.N.T\\" was cross pollinated with their more album orientated classic \\"Highway to Hell\\".       Back to Angus Young's comments on the type of album he was aiming for with Back In Black...in my view, AC/DC had ALREADY done that kind of album, e.g. the highly uncommercial and extremely raw \\"Powerage\\" album, or the more album orientated songs from titles such as \\"Let there be rock\\" and \\"Highway to Hell\\".        Other hard rock/heavy metal albums I enjoy or have reviewed here:    AC/DC: \\"TNT\\", \\"Dirty deeds done dirt cheap\\" and \\"The razors edge\\"  Metallica: \\"Reload\\" (an AC/DC sounding album), \\"Master of puppets\\" (more hardcore)  Megadeth: \\"Risk\\" (a boogie metal album)  Black Sabbath: Paranoid (a classic album. Albums like \\"Sabotage\\" are good too)  Led Zeppelin: Led Zeppelin IV (yes, they can do rock, if they haven't convinced you prior to that album).
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|On Christmas Day, Gran Torino opened in limited release. After our Chinese dinner, we headed to the lone theater in Metro Detroit showing the film. It was then and later on Blu Ray, a masterpiece! I love many of Eastwood's films, but GT has to be my favorite! I won't bore with details, just wanted to add my five stars to the mix!
1400049628|5.0|Downright laugh out loud funny.  A little bit annoying to read right through, but taken in small doses a great thing to laugh at.  Fun to read with another person and enjoy the jokes.
B001DTPZNY|4.0|Indy has to save an old friend,girlfriend and son! Then he gets to marry his old flame! This movie was as classic as any of the original Indy films. My only complaint is that it wasn't as good a \\"Raiders of the Lost Ark\\",but what is?
B000SMWUPS|5.0|This drink/gear holder is the best deal out there.  It straps on and off easily with velcro.  I leave it attached on one side for easy folding of stroller.  It comfortably holds 2 drinks of infinite size.  Has a tiny zippered section on inside to store keys, money etc.  You can fit quite a bit of junk in the middle section.  The frame is flexible, so while it keeps its shape to hold things upright, mine also got a bit bent by the airlines when I forgot to detach it, but has bounced back without a problem.  Don't spend any extra - just buy one!
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This film ought to be watched a good deal more.  Clint Eastwood has done what Gary Cooper also did in High Noon--given Americans a lesson in what democracy can and ought to be and in the shallowness of our Hollywood-created desires.  Eastwood as Walt Kowalski ends his role in the movie with a prayer--a Hail Mary--and he allows himself to be shot up so that the Hmong community can come together as a vibrant part of the American community.  His (Walt's) death, like the death of decent American factory jobs, is not in vain if others take it up and use it well.    The need we have to reign in our vengeance and our violence is acute.  The need we have to support each other while our jobs are being sold and destroyed is acute.  Eastwood has given us a film that begs us to go back and figure out how to make America stronger and more committed to justice and equality and dignity.      Well done, sir.
B002BIGD9Q|2.0|What the heck is going on. now instead of releasing seasons or collectors edition. studios are released stripped down movies and episode mini-packs. Come On! i mean seriously, what is there to add to another Serenity dvd. last i checked there was a 2-disc collectors edition!    Buy the Collectors Edition, its out, and i probably has more content.
B001DHXT6G|3.0|The original and still the best Star Trek, lovingly restored and with remastered effects -- all of that is great. :)<br /><br />This package deal, however, is not. First of all, Season One contains HD DVD on one side and regular DVD on the other, whereas the rest is only regular DVD ... leading to confusion as to why discs keep randomly not working.<br /><br />Second, instead of putting the discs in sleeves that are marked with their contents or otherwise being easy to tell what's what, there are separate plastic (?) cards listing each disc's contents, apparently designed to scatter to the winds and make you guess. The individual discs are only marked in tiny letters around the inner rim. Why? Surely if you had the budget to make plastic cards, you had the budget to put decals on the discs.<br /><br />Third, the packaging is like one of those Russian dolls that contains the whole family in one -- each disc is in a box, which is inside another box, that's inside a plastic case, that's wrapped in cellophane and then put into another package. It takes longer to unravel a disc than it does to watch an episode. 0.o<br /><br />However! These annoyances with the presentation don't alter the fact that the original Star Trek is and always will be both awesome, and better than any of the followups. The only one that even comes close is the Animated Series, which sadly is not likely to get this detailed a brush-up. But it would be glorious.<br /><br />-The Gneech
B0028T6XXY|4.0|Michael Buble is a talented scamp and this CD/DVD set showcases his impish charm, rich-as-chocolate voice and unique song styling. The CD features 10 cuts from his December 5, 2008 concert in Madison Square Garden. This concert concludes his 40-city world tour and it is a joyful celebration of his talent and success.  Buble has sung these songs before, but he has never sung them better. He makes each song uniquely his own -   \\"Me and Mrs. Jones\\" is performed with rib tickling swagger, \\"I've got the World on a String\\" with infectious devilment and \\"Home\\" with poignant yearning.  The entire CD is a delight. Of course it is too brief and some new material would have been much appreciated but taking into consideration the quality of these songs, this CD is not a bad bargain. (No lemons in the bunch.)     The DVD features 60 minutes of concert footage and includes two new songs, \\"Stardust\\" (with Naturally 7) and \\"You're Nobody Till Somebody Loves You.\\" It also includes snippets of Buble's backstage life with the band, a bit of his professional history and a too brief meeting with his family, including his grandfather who turned him on to the standards and supported his youthful singing ambitions. The concert footage is good; it is fun to see Buble's playful rapport with his audience. He appears to be the rare artist who knowingly needs and appreciates his audience. His artistry is obviously nourished by the audience's enthusiasm. The back stage footage with the boys in the band confirms Buble's good guy reputation and the brief professional retrospective feels true and is somewhat touching.    What keeps this collection from being truly outstanding is its brevity. We want a CD that includes the whole concert and a DVD that showcases the entire event with back-story as an extra perhaps. (The cuts between songs on the CD are a bit rough and the voice over narration on the DVD is straight from Dragnet.)     Complaints aside - this set is a must have for any rabid fan.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Albeit I had seen maybe two shows from the series when it was on the network, that was because Fox decided to move it to the graveyard of television: Friday night. No I'm not a cult follower but in a time in television when all we get are cop dramas and medical shows (no offense to those dramas that are actually good) their comes a time where a originality should be taking precedence. Firefly was a unique show with that sense of adventure that lacks in many series today. I kind of wish it was still on. So if your looking for adventure and characters you can love, buy this series.
B00004UIP1|5.0|This recording of Cosi Fan Tutte is perhaps my favorite amongst the period recordings of the opera.  The solists, including Veronique Gens are wonderful, the orchestra of Concerto Koln puts on a tight and clean sounding performance. I own this, along with Figaro and Clemenza di Tito recordings of Rene Jacobs (amongst many others) and find his recordings to be some of the best, if not the best for clarity, accuracy, musicality and musicological value.  I would recommend this recording to any Mozart opera fan or fan of period performance recordings.
1400032717|3.0|This book was very cleverly written.  The writer goes off in tangets (which is in keeping with the book), but was a little frustrating to me.  Overall, although its not my usual type of book, it was a reasonable read and very well written.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|This is a movie that is more about redemption than about sheer race issues.  Kowalski lives in a run down part of Detroit, where he is a retired auto worker and Korean War Veteran.  He is a surly old man who despises everything and seemingly everyone.  His nieghborhood is totally Hmong with the only exception being him.<br /><br />We view him with his family, and interacting with his neighbors and then as you have seen in the trailers, his dealings with the local youths.  He starts a relationship with Thao and Sue, young Hmong neighbors who he builds an affinity for.  Totally politically incorrect, Kowalski spews racial and ethnic slurs in almost every sentence.  He is a bit of a loaner, especially since he became a widower, but he enjoys his car and his home and wishes his world had not changed so much.<br /><br />Kowalski calls everyone names, to their faces and he really does not care what type of rise it gets out of people.  He basically offends evryone, whites, blacks, hispanics, asians.  But you see the youth gangs from a variety of ethic perspectives and their own racism.<br /><br />Thao and Sue are like those you hear of in the news, the kids who have trouble come upon them, simply because they live in these areas.  Kowalski gets to know the Hmong, and they him.  He defends his home, his property and his friends.<br /><br />Realism although surreal, has our senses impacted when you see the results of fighting.  At times, it leads to more of the same.  Kowalski, though is a figure of redemption, he impacts everyone who knows him eventually, yet the most impact is on the viewer of Gran Torino.<br /><br />The extras in the DVD are good, more about cars than about society.  Wish there was more on the inner city and gang problems in this to complement our love affair with the big muscle cars.
B001SMC91M|4.0|Most of the album is a very good tribute to James Brown. Very funky, upbeat and psycadelic. The horn section, in itself, would do [[ASIN:B00006NSCU Fred Wesley]] proud. But that's as far as I can go with it. Listening to it, I can't help but get comedic images of [[ASIN:B000KG4BTU Eddie Murphy]] out of my head.     Most of the songs contain vocals which are unidentifiable. Kinda like... when you're singing along with the music and you don't know the words to the song, but you try to improvise... this is just like that.     Don't get me wrong, I do like the album... musically. However, lyrically, it is not what I would call... spectacular. I did enjoy \\"Get Yo' Sh_t\\". This song is extremely halarious and catchy.    There is only one blues track on this album \\"Master Sold My Baby\\", featuring Zach Ernst on the [[ASIN:B0002GHT2O Lap Steel]], which has a deep cajun creole aspect to it.     If you want some old school funk and a novelty \\"Jame Brown\\" throwback-style band, get the album!
B00192IV0O|3.0|I was really looking forward to this album but was disappointed with this effort by the black eyed peas. I agree with the other reviewers that they probably overdid the electro-synthesized sounds. Nothing different or note-worthy about this album. 2-3 catchy tunes but overall a weak effort by a band that has delivered some really good albums in the past.
B0026UV77C|4.0|I have been a fan of Placebo since 2003 when I went into a record store and on a whim bought Sleeping with Ghosts.  I have never looked back.  Sleeping with Ghosts is a truly genius album, and to this day 6 years later, one of my favourites.  In 2006, Placebo released Meds.  It was a decent album, with some great highlights (Space Money in particular) and now in 2009, here is Battle for the Sun.  I will admit that at first i was bias, because this is the first time in 10 years an album has been done without ex-drummer Steve Hewitt.  This suddenly turned to excitement when i first heard the title track 'Battle for the Sun'.  It was the perfect song, a truly well rounded Placebo sounding effort that had me anticipating the new album.  When the special edition arrived on my doorstep (in two beautiful colour books no less) and I listened to it the first time one thought came to mind: this doesn't sound like Placebo.  Where's the mega ballad?  Where's the alternative and grunge type sounds?  Then you have to remember that they've grown up.  How many times can Brian write songs about androgony and drugs?  You have to remember he's 36 and has a young son now.  Things have changed and I think that's why Placebo have lasted as long as they have.  Every album is different.  Without You I'm Nothing (their second effort) was very slow and soft, Black Market Music (their third album) was very electronic and Sleeping with Ghosts was...perfect.  After a few more listens, some songs started to stand out, Ashtray Heart, Bright Lights and Breathe Underwater, just to name a few.  Still, Battle for the Sun would have to be my favourite song on  the album because it is the only song that sounds truly like a Placebo song.  The band's sixth effort shows no signs of a band past their prime, or a band that has lost the plot.  This album reeks of a band who are changing with the times, who are developing, who are experimenting and who are progressing.  This album is a fantastic effort from Brian and co. and will live next to Sleeping with Ghosts in my cd player for a long time to come.
0385340575|2.0|The opening sequence is riveting. Then nothing much happens for the next 200 pages. The author should leave plots involving global affairs to others (the late Robert Ludlum cannot be beaten). The research leaves a lot to be desired. For example, the Soviet KGB would have never handled military matters which was the exclusive domain of the GRU (the Military Intelligence). This is like writing that the FBI conducts operations aimed at gathering information on the Iranian armed forces. All in all, a rather weak entry in the otherwise mildly entertaining series.
0439023483|5.0|This book kept me entertained from the beginning.  I wasn't sure what was going to happen. I am glad that the author is making another book b/c as I got nearer to the end it didn't look like there was enough pages to really resolve things.  I am anxiously awaiting the next book!
B000AOEMXM|5.0|This product was accurately described, shipped in a reasonable time and arrived in a very safe and secure package.
0385341008|5.0|First, let me say that I am totally bereft after finishing this book.  I read it much too fast -- in a few hours yesterday -- because I just couldn't put it down.  The authors made their characters come to life and I loved the inclusion of many classic authors -- plus the characters' refreshing reactions to their works.  No more will I be afraid to admit how I REALLY feel about an author.<br /><br />Note:  if you're not a reader of the classics, don't be put off by the literary society aspect -- although books are an important element in the character development, you don't need any literary background to fully enjoy this book.  The references to authors I've read were right on, and now I have a few authors I've avoided on my list of future reads -- if only to see if I agree with the literary club members.<br /><br />The story itself -- how could so much life be packed into so few pages?  The characters' lives, seen through many different pairs of eyes, were revealed with sensitivity (and with fond humor when appropriate). There were some wonderful surprises and quite a few tragedies packed into the story -- but they never seemed contrived.  I could believe that these were all real letters written by very real people -- in fact, if this were 1950 and not 2009, I'd be ready to pack my bags and travel to Guernsey to meet these people for myself.<br /><br />Within a few pages of beginning the book, I was pulled completely in to the story and was looking forward to finding more books by the authors.  I was saddened to learn that Mary Anne Shaffer died in 2008 and that this was her only novel.  I can only hope that Annie Barrows, who is credited as co-author of the book, will continue the tradition and write more equally wonderful books.
0385340567|2.0|Love all the Reacher books. This one started fast with a vaguely familiar story line. Called my son, another Reacher fan, and explained the beginning, and he said \\"sounds like Rambo\\".     Curious, I watched the beginning of Rambo, First Blood and here's what I found:    Both stories start with - Army veteran passing through a small remote town trying to get something to eat. Local law stops them and drives them out of town. By the way, the name of the main town in both stories is Hope. Vet gets mad for being run out of town, returns to bust up local police force, then blows up said town.    Don't get me wrong, I am a big Reacher fan, but was surprised at the many similarities that Child took from the Rambo story.
B000EULJLU|1.0|awful from beginning to end. sounds more like alien ant farm than tool, except that alien ant farm isn't this boring. you want mature, artistic triumph, listen to Lateralus. No curse-words in that one, and it will take your mind to another dimension.    all of the fans praising this CD are long time Tool fans, who have put themselves through mental gymnastics b/c they just can't believe that their favorite band could produce anything less than excellent. anyone who purchased this album, as much as I hate to say it, has bought into a brand name: Tool.
B000N75SNO|3.0|So I was told I needed a naruto frog coin purse with googlely eyes for my younger cousins birthday. So I of course came to Amazon and searched it. This was the first one that came up and when I looked at it, it was perfect. So I ordered it and it shipped fast at least, but when I opened the bag it came in, the frog looked almost NOTHING like the picture that is posted for it. I would return it and get another one from a different seller if I didn't need it in 3 days for the birthday party.
0307278255|5.0|I'll read anyhing she writes -- and more than once.  If she brought out a line of greeting cards -- I'd buy them all and keep them for myself.
0061767581|1.0|I couldn't wait to read this as I am a HUGE Hills fan. The story was really fun and gave an insight to reality tv that was intersting, I won't spoil the end, but there really isn't anything to spoil. I love to read books that are part of a series, but this book should really have a \\"to be continued\\" line at the end. The reader has absolutley no idea what happens to any of the main characters. What a ripp-off!!
B000002J0B|5.0|Not one bad song on this album. \\"No Quarter\\" is one of the most dark sounding songs ever.
B001CVMD4M|5.0|An essential product for any fan!   It's the record one of the best moments of the group, full of classics that take the group to the top, all played 100% live.  Spice up your life!
B000000OYN|2.0|THIS IS A WHITESNAKE ALBUM FROM EARLY IN THEIR CAREER, THIS CD CONTAINS THE ORIGINAL VERSION OF \\"HERE I GO AGAIN\\" AND A FEW OTHER FAIRLY GOOD TRACKS, BUT IT LACKS THE POLISH AND GUITAR RIFFS OF THEIR LATER ALBUMS                                               RANDY
B001IB63KQ|5.0|I very rarely if ever purchase cds anymore, but for this, I just had to get it. Paramore has slowly but surely turned into my favorite band in the past year or two, so I was really looking forward to the DVD with behind the scenes footage and live show. I'm not usually a fan of live cds, but with the extra stuff it definitely made it a must have.<br /><br />All the band behind the scenes stuff was great, though I found myself actually hoping for it to continue. More would have been amazing! It was interesting to see how they go about planning their live show & set list.<br /><br />I wasn't sure how I'd feel about the live tracks, but they grew on me and now I love the whole cd. You can tell even without watching the dvd that a lot of energy goes into their live performance. Great sound quality as well. Now that I've had this playing on my ipod since Christmas(it was totally a 'to me, for me, from me' xmas present) I'm really excited to seeing them tour with No Doubt.
B000002KD9|5.0|After The Gold Rush being Neil Youngs 3rd studio album and his 1973 release was well received both by critics as well as the general public. Allmusic and Robert Christgau gave the album 5 out of 5 stars. I agree with them and songs that stand out on this album are \\"After the Gold Rush\\", \\"Only Love Can Break Your Heart\\", \\"Southern Man\\" and \\"When You Dance You Can Really Love\\". All the lyrics are included and and we get some nice but grainy photographs. We also get short liner notes. 5/5.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This a wonderful workout tape if you are short on time and want a hard workout.  It's very challenging and I find Jillian Michaels very motivating, she really makes the time go by quickly.  After I finish this DVD I feel great and energized.  The only thing I don't like is that you can't skip over the introductions etc. for some reason, so usually I make sure I start the DVD several minutes before I want to start working out. Other than that ...AWESOME
B00192IV0O|5.0|Albeit I enjoy the BEP's (before Fergie), I cannot fault the Peas for  incorporating the Pop sound. If most socially concious hip hop acts go the way of Digital Undergound and Tribe Called Quest, than I'm moving my posse in the same direction as William Adams. Props to the Peas, for adjusting to the times and making hip hop fun. Its better than going gangsta.
B000UBONPW|5.0|I've owned this album for years.  If you are even considering it, it is worth every penny of the full price.  The temporary $2 price is a steal.  Waste no more time, buy this classic.
B001UN1KVE|5.0|Clear picture and runs in 1080p which is not listed on the cover! I'm using the Sony BP-360 player (which also runs better than the 350 series).
B001TH16DI|5.0|I don't know how so many people can give this a one star or such a low rating. I bought this and it was awesome to have it on Blu Ray. And I'm more of a Star Wars fan. But I have always appreciate the Star Trek original series and the original 6 movies. This was amazing and to get them all together was great. Wonderfully done in Blu Ray and to get the extra Captians summit was great. To hear Shatner and Nimoy sit down and talk about the movies and series along with the other two people who played the Captian in the New Generation (which I must say I didn't follow) was really awesome. They did a great job with this and it deserves nothing less than a 5 Star Rating. If your a Star Trek fan or respect the science fiction classics this is a must have for your collection!
B0002TKFRM|5.0|Moreover the Pictures at an Exhibition, the rest of the pieces (from an original recording from sixties) are simply the best performance I know for those russian works. Originally, those pieces where sold in the LP \\"Festival of Russian Music\\", which original discs are collection pieces you can only find (used and not intact) at e-bay and collectors stores.  The \\"Festival\\" was the main reason to buy this CD. But the \\"Pictures\\" is an excelent performance too (I could compare it to the von Karajan's for Deutsche Grammophon).  The \\"Festival\\" could be bought separately, but in this CD you have a genuine bargain.  Buy it, and enjoy.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|This is such a fun little show by Joss!  What a great idea.  Hope to see more along this line.
B001V9LRV0|4.0|O.K. , O.K. , I'M AN OREGONIAN WHO HAPPENED TO BE AT THE FESTIVAL FOR THE 2nd AND 3rd DAYS........I'M GLAD THEY RELEASED THIS COLLECTION , BUT I HAVE A FEW COMPLAINTS.......DO WE REALLY NEED FAKE BUCKSKIN FRINGE  ?  FOR ME , THE BIGGEST OVERSIGHT IS THAT THEY DID NOT INCLUDE \\" THE LOST PERFORMANCES,\\" A VHS COLLECTION THAT WAS RELEASED IN THE EARLY 90s.......TO MY KNOWLEDGE , THIS HAS NEVER BEEN RELEASED ON DVD AND IS CURRENTLY OUT OF PRINT.....  [ ALTHOUGH SOME OF THE PERFORMANCES ARE ON A CD CALLED \\"WOODSTOCK DIARY.\\"] I ALWAYS FELT THAT THE BEST PERFORMANCE OF THE ENTIRE FESTIVAL WAS CROSBY , STILLS AND NASH DOING MCCARTNEY'S \\"BLACKBIRD.\\"  THIS IS SADLY MISSING HERE........NOTHING BY THE BAND IS INCLUDED.....  I MUST CONFESS THAT IT IS NICE TO SEE THE DEAD AND CREEDENCE LOOKING SO FRESH AND YOUNG........THIS IS WHY I GAVE IT FOUR STARS........
0452273331|5.0|I'm not going to go deep into material for this review. you have 1000s of other posts for that.<br /><br />all i'm going to say is that it was a very entertaining book and a great summer read (even if i got through it in only a couple of weeks). I'm sure anyone would be glad to add this to their knowledge base and personal library.
B000002P2V|5.0|This album is in my Top 3 Who albums.  The other two being \\"Quadrophenia\\", & \\"The Who Sell Out\\".  They are not the same 4 guys that pounded out \\"Tommy\\" in 1969 but that album has a nice quality to it, and it gets constantly overlooked.  \\"New Song\\" has got to be one of Roger's best deliveries, along with Pete on \\"Sister Disco.\\"  \\"Guitar and Pen\\" is probably my favorite from this one. And \\"Love Is Coming Down\\" is the first real attempt at a ballad by the group and it works well.  The title track is great, but overplayed.  So please, please MCA please give this album the \\"Deluxe\\" treatment that you gave \\"Who's Next\\", \\"Live At Leeds\\", \\"Tommy\\" \\"Sings My Generation\\", and most recently \\"The Who Sell Out.\\"  There is plenty of Townshend Demos from this era that could fill a second disc!  PLEASE!!
B000002UAU|3.0|My sister is a huge beatles fan and i've heard so much about this album.  It seemed too poppy and is not a concept album by any reach of the mind.  Though, she's leaving home, getting better, and good morning, good morning are my favorites on the album.  Lucy.. A day ... blah blah blah.  My love for George Harrison proves well with the crazy within you without you, my favorite.  Its good but the most essential album is revolver or rubber soul
B0018CMJSU|5.0|Two important things that I love about this boxset. 1) The Godfather Part two is now on one disk rather than two disks as was the case with the previous boxset. 2) The additional bonus disk is also interesting, epscially when it mentions the influence of pop culture due to The Godfather.    The movies themselves...Well what's not to like
B00006EXCC|5.0|I easily prefer this one over the [...] son-like US version.  What to Do sticks on me.  It has it all: penetrating blues (Going Home)saucy social commentaries (Mother's Little Helper) some psychedelia (Lady Jane) misogynisic love trials (Under My Thumb) and country stompers (Flight 505).  What more could you want?
0440241901|5.0|I laughed so hard in some parts of this book that I had diet coke coming out my nose... that part was the part when Jack was in Emma's office and all this stuff came up about what she told Jack on the plane. Like, from the book she didn't read and she said the resonances...resonated! The plant that she fed with orange juice... Anyway, I loved this book. Great job Sophie Kinsella!
B00006AW2M|5.0|They say this is a cheap rip-off of Sgt pepper but isn't sgt pepper a rip off of pet sounds.  The songs are out of left field with crazy mid-eastern atmospheres and space rock looseness all tied together with Brian's crazy electric dulcimer.  Easily my favorite instrument he ever used!
B001E5FYS8|4.0|What is most striking to me about Philippe Petit is that there's nothing to say about him since he walked the WTC in 1974.  Up till then he was always in the process of planning or doing something with his art, but then what?      For his friends (and his lover) who would do anything for him, where what enabled him to do what he did.  He actually had the easiest job (walking the wire), they had to figure out and to do the rigging and worry how they would explain to the authorities how and what happened.  If he makes it he's a star, if he doesn't have to worry, he's a splat on the ground.  It's his friends that will morn and have fingers pointed at.    You can feel the sadness in most of his friends that were interviewed.  For most of them it was the most exciting time of their lives and nothing they've done since has been anything worth talking about (literally because they don't).  He also doesn't seem to have had any contact with these people in years.  It reminded me of the Bruce Springsteen song, \\"Glory Days\\", with all these people talking about something that was so important to them but has been gone so long.    Zeb Kantrowitz
B001FB4W0W|5.0|My mother in law, of all people, loaned this series to me on dvd.  One viewing turned into a weekend long marathon.  I simply couldn't stop!  Comparing Twilight to True Blood is like comparing a health conscious puritanical breakfast of fruit and oatmeal with a greasy Southern feast of country fried steak, cheese grits and red-eye gravy.  True Blood is so much more satisfying in every way.  The setting is so atmospheric, the music so spellbinding, the sexuality so seductive, the secrets so intriguing and the characters so interesting that they made me go out and buy the first five books.  I read Dead Until Dark (the first book in the Southern Vampire Mysteries) in one day and in all honesty the tv series is better because the characters are more developed and all the extra side stories keep the story line from becoming too linear and rigid.  The creator does loosely follow the plot of the book though, which kept the series from being a sellout.  As for the actors they are superb - each and every one.  Favorites include the haunting Anna Paquin, Stephen Moyer who combines your classic Southern gentleman with an irresistible element of danger, and of course Alexander Skarsgard is absolutely spot on as the Machiavellian Eric.  Last Monday I saw the first episode of season two and let me tell you that I'm THIRSTY for more...
B00164GDD2|3.0|While this is a great movie from 1984. I must say the Bluray conversion is a little grainy, it does have some special features and other modes. But I was expecting something high def. This is a trip down memory lane and has nostalgia, if you want to own a Ghostbusters movie, this is probably it. But hopes were higher for something more special. only 3/5 stars
B001HN697M|4.0|It's useless to review the movie, as others have done it before me.  If you like it, you'll probably buy it anyway.<br /><br />In any case, I was utterly disappointed with this DVD edition.  No inside booklet, no pictures, no DVDs with extras.  The only extras you get to see are the Director's and Producers' comments, 2 \\"how it was made\\" documentaries and 1 music video.<br /><br />I always watch the movies with the comments, as directors usually have loads to tell about the scenes, how they manage to do this and that, and such.  After 15 minutes I stopped watching, as the track was quite a boring exchange between the director and the producers of how awesome this and that actor was, and how fortunate they were to have them.<br /><br />The 2 documentaries were actually interesting, but very, very short.<br /><br />The music video was just that, a music video with built-in movie scenes.<br /><br />I ignore if they went far in creating the Blu-Ray edition, but certainly the DVD turned out short on everything we fans crave:  no interviews, not behind the scenes, not out-takes... Not even the B-rolls that are available on You Tube.  If you want extras, go there to watch them.<br /><br />I just hope they'll release a special edition with time.  If not, it's obvious they are pushing so everybody switches to Blu-Ray format.
B001QB9H10|3.0|The 3rd instalment of the Transporter series follows on in the same style as the previous two. Outrageous fights and car chases, tongue firmly in cheek and Jason Statham showing that if not a great, or even good actor he has an undoubted talent for this sort of role. In this instalment he is unknowingly helping in the kidnapping of a politicians daughter to try and make the politician sign an agreement with a company that transports polluted waste to countries.<br /><br />Robert Knepper as Johnson plays the main villian and is perhaps the pick of the rest of the cast. He's a ruthless man who doesn't take no for an answer and even kills his own men when they question him.<br /><br />So once again this isn't a classy film, but for simple entertainment, which doesn't take itself very seriously its a perfectly fine way to spend 95 minutes. I still think two is the best of the three films.
B000MNP2KI|4.0|Really good film that does bring back some of the excitement of the earlier Connery years.  Some criticisms:  much too long, probably because the \\"action scenes\\" were allowed to go longer than they should have.  When will Hollywood stop relying on stupid car crash scenes that defy the laws of physics -- roll an Aston Martin that many times my friend and you are toe tagged.  He could have just run off the road into a tree, been smacked by his airbag, and then found himself in the arms of his foes.  Same thing with the stupid crumbling building scene.  Please special effects guys, give your audience some credit for having stayed awake in science class.  Not \\"cinematic\\" enough, I guess.  Too attenuated an ending, which also made the movie too long.  It wasn't necessary to have 4 or 5 lovey scenes before Bond realizes that his girlfriend is in the tank with the bad guys.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|Let It Roll describes perfectly what this album conveys, the way that George was able to create meaningful and enjoyable music from the experiences of his life. The remastered tunes have a wonderful clear quality to give us veteran fans new minutiae to obsess over. It showcases George as lead guitarist, musicologist, philosopher, producer and writer of great music and a POP STAR! New fans start here with \\"Let It Roll.\\"
B001SMC91M|3.0|...in the style of James Brown and other greats. Think the Blues Brothers if there had actually been some substance to their music.  You'll be humming 'I'm Broke' for hours after listening to TELL 'EM for the first time.<br /><br />This is high energy stuff and I really like the gritty, unpolished, old school sound of it all.  That isn't to say that the musicianship is bad, because it is actually quite good. But it is good in a jammin', not overly re-hearsed way. The Honeybears are obviously talented musicians and Joe makes a good front man for them on this outing.  Yes, his voice may be a bit harsh, and his lyrics sometimes unintelligible, but that is just part of the charm. Honestly, there are supposed to be explicit lyrics here, but I still haven't found them.<br /><br />This is a like it or hate it album.  It may be something that grows on you, but for most of us, I think we'll know whether it is our cup of tea on the first listen.  The samples actually give you a pretty good idea in this case, so give'em a listen. I like it and though it may not be a disc I break out every day, there will definitely be those days that it gets a lot of play. :)<br /><br />3.5 stars
0743454529|4.0|From the perspective of a sister that just lost her brother in December, I think that this book is written extremely well. I found it hard to read at times because I was crying so much and to be honest, was probably not the best book to read so soon after my brother's death (to a five year battle with cancer- I'm 25, he was 27). However, the emotions in the book portrayed so much of what my family went through that it was almost spooky. Those who write that they do not understand the mother have obviously never been in this situation. My mom is the best mom that I know and yet, she had characteristics of Sara. I don't think anyone knows how they will react until the situation actually happens.    I did find the ending very heartwrenching- almost to the extent that it was meant to do so, which I didn't like. But all in all, a very honest and engrossing book.
B00127RAJY|3.0|Level one is tough, but after a week or so you feel fit to handle it. But level two is almost impossible to accomplish without cheating. Level one doesnt get your ready enough for two or three. So i felt stuck on one.
B0013FXWU6|2.0|Daniel Day-Lewis is his usual outstanding self and the movie is beautifully filmed.<br />But on the whole, the movie is way too long at over two and half hours and the plot drags, especially with the Paul Dano preacher character.<br />Directed by the overrated Paul Thomas Anderson (anyone remember Magnolia?).<br />Cinephiles can rejoice while the rest of us can wonder when something is going to happen.
0618526412|4.0|I am astounded that at the age of twenty-three McCullers could provide such an honest and complex portrayal of the human soul.  Particularly impressive is the realness of her African American characters.  Never before have I seen a white author depict blacks in such an honest and unbiased way.  McCullers never doesn't pass judgment on any of her characters; rather, she depicts them as they truly are. We meet people who are at once both strong and weak, beautiful and ugly, kind and cruel.  So McCullers has that going for her.    Her choice of words and the flow of her sentences together exude neither beauty or extraordinary power; even so, they do their job and warrant no complaints.  Few words are wasted.  Her style readable and sort-of plain, though it still manages to maintain a certain subtle distinctness of its own.  Once in a while it seems there might be present in a certain passage a lovely poem-like rhythm.  Here let's say she's not bad but there are many her better.    Unlike many reviewers, the book sucked me right in from the beginning.  The characters were interesting and realistic.  I was anxious to read on so that I might find out more about them and to see what was going to happen to them.  As I read through the first seven chapters of Part 2 I was blown away by the way the author drew the characters together through their irrational behaviors and their unobtainable ideals.  And yes, how fascinating that they each connect to Singer.  How they see in him the perfect image of their dream.  And that in fact the Deaf-Mute does not at all understand these people, their quests, or dreams.    So... alright!...Part 2, Chapter 8...yeah!...I'm ready! Dude I can't wait to see what's going to happen!  Oh man, my mind is about to get blown...this is gonna be awesome!...this is gonna be nuts!     Dude...the next eight chapters were a huge dissapointment.  Characters that once excited and intrigued me suddenly turn stale; they become dull, pathetic and unimportant.Under these conditions, I cease to care about these people.      And...nothing happens.  Our heroes resign themselves to an ordinary existence.  Tragic.  Their dreams are not likely ever to be obtained.  Just gonna keep on keep'n on.  A dreary, boring way to spend the final 200 pages.  It didn't ruin the book for me; I just would have preferred some sort of scandal, crime, intrigue, crisis.  Hell, anything but nothing.    By the way, I recommended this edition of the book--[[ASIN:0679424741 The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter (Modern Library)]]--essentially because its hardcover and the same price.  It's the exact same book.
B001UREJWM|1.0|Mob Rules, Heaven and Hell, and Live Evil are classic metal albums from a talented line up of Black Sabbath in the 1980's. I still play all 3 albums regularly. I watched the 'Heaven and Hell' reunion disc and really enjoyed seeing this incarnation of Sabbath play their old material. On the reunion disk I thought they sounded pretty sharp. I was sceptical about this disc because I think that aging rockers often seem to lose their muse and can't make the great music they once did (Jimmy Page, Aerosmith, etc...) maybe it's the sobriety, maybe it's true that we are at our most creative when we are 20-40. Whatever the reason I find it true that most of our 70's/80's idols have trouble making the same quality of music today.     I listened to this disc all the way through once but it wasn't easy. I forced myself to give it a second listen hoping I would find at least one song I liked but didn't. There are no great metal riffs like Iommi has treated us to for so many years just a repetitive speed metal like riff throughout all the songs. Even with the help of the studio Dio sounds challenged. He was one of the most powerful voices in rock, but I don't hear the strength anymore. The lyrics don't make the grade for me either, what's a \\"slider\\" anyway? I wish I could join the legion of reviewers that have posted unreserved praise for this CD but I have to dissent. I'll just keep playing the 3 great CD's they made back in the day.
1400063515|3.0|If you can get past NNT (as he calls himself) making sure he tells you that he's smarter than most everyone else, reads more books than you, has traveled to more places then you, and if you are not a historian, economist, philosopher, politician, journalist or a member of one of the many professions trashed in this book, then you might enjoy it.  Despite the shortcomings, as pointed out by other reviews, the book will make you think about evidence and history in different ways and in many ways is urging people to think for themselves.  If you don't already know about long-tailed distributions, or even if you do, you'll have more of an appreciation for rare events and the unpredictability of discovery and of life in general.  The books gets better towards the end and as it get to more practical and specific aspects. When I think of my own university - we are required to do endless strategic planning and thinking about what research areas to emphasize and who to hire.  However, many of our best and most interesting people came from hiring processes that were pretty random.
B001TODCII|3.0|I don't get this film. Liam Neeson plays a paranoid retired \\"company\\" man who doesn't want his 17 year old daughter going to Europe, period. Too dangerous. Bad things happen over there. And he ought to know, because like I said, he's a retired \\"company\\" [think special ops] man. Okay, got it. So of course something bad does happen and he has to fly over to retrieve her in a style made famous by \\"24's\\" Jack Bower. Anyway, after all's said and done, his estranged wife, her new husband and their rescued daughter respectfully thank him and the credits roll. That's it. So what part of this did i miss? Like zero emotional continuity...other than Neeson's occasionally annoying tenacity. I like his work. Always have, but action hero he is not...in spite of some noteworthy stunts. Nice camera work in the car scenes. Good thugs. They seem to be easy to find these days. And a few good script lines, but I can't remember them at this writing. Don't expect the Bourne series or \\"24\\" and you'll be fine. Oh, and there's this obese sheik on this round bed/throne who reminded me of Jabba the Hutt, who really cracked me up. He even had one of those curved 12th century-looking knives last seen during the crusades!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|This movie has gained a place in my heart. I have read Pride and Prejudice several times. I'm a fan of Jane Austen's books, partly because she seemed to be ahead of her times as concerns the rights of women (she didn't accept the 'place' they were caught in), and she wrote with such a sense of humor. Though I enjoyed the serial with Firth in it also, this 'take' caught her sense of humor, and I've never seen a woman deliver her lines for Elizabeth with such an impish glee as Keira Knightley gave. Yes, there were a few changes in the story...but on the whole I think Austen would have been pleased.    It had been years since I'd seen Donald Sutherland play such a good part for him, and do it so well. You can see Elizabeth's frustration with her bookish father's inability to put his foot down to control his frivolous younger daughter. And it comes back to haunt him.    It didn't hurt to have MacFayden play the handsome Darcy either, though I'd have a hard time choosing between him and Colin Firth.    A great addition to the films from Austen's stories...
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|I don't understand why people have such a hard time following this film. Yes, it jumps around. But there is a lot going on. The progression certainly makes sense. The only way I can see someone getting confused is the fact that it doesn't stay on one track the whole way through. Maybe that was the point. The movie does a great job at keeping you feeling tense throughout. From the opening scene to the final scene, you feel uncomfortable. Maybe this is too much for some people, but I know that when I watch a movie, I watch to become totally immersed in it. This movie did that for me. The acting was incredible, by everybody. I have a feeling that with most of the negative reviews being almost the same, the style of the movie was too much for some people. And if you want to compare to real life, look at mobs and criminal groups in every big city in the world. Cops can't catch all of them. Why then is it so difficult to imagine not being able to catch the joker? In closing, I have a huge crush on this movie. I would make sweet sweet love to it if it were a female. <END>
B00026YO36|4.0|One of the most inventive, with the twist on a sonic inventory, recent rock album. Tom Waits is cited in many of the reviews, but this does not, to these ears, sound like a Wait's album, granted the similar vocal reach. This is quiet and reflective set for the most part, melodic, often sad, even chilling. Definitely a worthwhile experience given that there's not a wak link in the chain of tunes.
140120306X|3.0|I'm still not quite sure what to make of Black Dossier.  I'm happy to see more LoEG, and pleased that where the comic is interrupted with diaries, books, and travel guides, these are not the same somewhat-dull walls of text that rounded out volume two.  The majority of them are fascinating and entertaining, and bring much more life to the League's history than vol. 2 did.  My favorite was the recounting of how Mina got Nemo to agree to joining the League.<br /><br />However, I'm missing the old league members (Nemo and Hyde seemed so much more interesting than Allan and sometimes even Mina).  It also feels like we've missed out on so many amazing adventures, which we get to hear about secondhand through the diaries, comics, and book-segments.  Moreover, I was not in love with the plot.  Allan and Mina basically steal the Black Dossier, a series of documents that outline the history of the League and the generations who have served in it (before and after Mina's League).  What follows is a long chase story that involves James Bond, Bulldog Drummond, and the remnants of an Orwellian government.  For a series that can be so smart, this plot seemed rather blah - I felt like this was mostly an excuse to give us League history and less about Mina and Allan's latest adventure.<br /><br />If you've read all of vol. 1 and 2, there are lots of references and visuals that you will get, and be pleased that you get them... just expect to spend a lot of time poring over the book.  While this volume has skads of references to other literature and films, it's become just as much a self-referential piece.  The artwork is, as always, amazing.  And that brings me to another thing... expect lots of sex and nudity.  But shouldn't you expect that from any work that includes a Tijuana Bible?  Particularly an Orwell-inspired one?  The 3-D section worked surprisingly well.
159562015X|1.0|Funny, I know what my Strengths are... but in the combination they are in they either lead nowhere financially or to \\"careers\\" that are either politically incorrect or lethal (to myself or others).  Do I really want to work for Blackwater or the CIA?    \\"Leveraging my strengths\\" won't get me a job... but knowing how to work with/around my weaknesses might.  But I guess I'll never find out since I don't have the cash to pay for the full workup.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|Let It Roll: Songs by George Harrison is exactly what it purports to be. It's a beautiful collection of songs by the inimitable former Beatle and it sounds brilliant.<br />To those who think it isn't enough, they're not listening to what is. What is there is a really good collection of George Harrison music, beautifully remastered and well placed for a balanced and thoroughly enjoyable listening experience.<br />For the casual listener, it's all about the music. Every song is good, and each has the potential to nudge the merely curious into the category of fan. If I weren't already sold on the guy I'd be looking at all of the originals by now.<br />The album is really good, the packaging is gorgeous and the liner notes very beautifully express what so many of us love about the music and memory of George Harrison.<br />Buy it, listen and enjoy. It's just the beginning.
0307387178|5.0|I'm late in reading this book, but then I never read things just because they are popular. I've known about this story for a while, but my sister read the book and said it was really good. So I took it home. It's a very easy, very fast read. I was skeptical about it for two reasons...not enamored with the author because of another book he wrote, and also, my husband is a scoutmaster and on search and rescue, and we all figured that a young man who goes into the wilderness without enough preparation is not real intelligent. I have to admit I held onto the train of thought for most of the book. But much of what the author said about this young man, and his reasons for doing what he did rang true. Yes he made some obvious errors, but I know from teaching young adults that they don't think anything can hurt them. And they also tend to hold adults to what they say literally. As my sister said \\"If you talk the talk, you better be prepared to walk the walk.\\" And this young man's own father did not do that, and left his child very disappointed in him.    My sister is also the mother of a boy with Asperger's, and she said she recognized some traits of this boy, including his not being bothered by being alone as similar to Asperger's. Maybe he was just a shade of this...so many are, and so many are not diagnosed.     This book should be read in high school I think, with an emphasis on preparation and letting people know where you are going to be. And also, it's a reminder to us to let our families and especially our children, know that we love them.     Krakauer's writing is good, the quotes interesting, the other stories of mistakes made in the wilderness applicable. This is not lighthearted reading, and leaves you pondering 'what if.'
B001AXME2S|5.0|This is an awesome CD & it won't come out of my CD player in my car and he keeps repeating on my MP3 player-saw them twice this year & they're as good live as they are on CD.
0618680004|5.0|One of Dawkin's best!  This book will keep you entertained with new ideas if you are already an atheist and will challenge you greatly if you are a theist.
0316017922|5.0|Great read, even if you don't agree with all of his points it is very insightful work.
0061767581|5.0|Thought it was a fun read - picked it up mostly out of curiosity, but ended up enjoying it. I think it will be a fun summer read for lots of teens, and if you ask me, anything to get teens reading is a great thing!<br /><br />Kate Whitfield, Author of [[ASIN:0595478298 The Empowered Gal's 9 Life Lessons: Keys, Tips, Strategies, Advice & Everything You Need to Know to be a Confident, Successful, in Control Gal]]
B0015DYIH2|4.0|I've seen some reviews criticizing the fourth book for giving everyone what they want.  They also don't like that it's tone is different from the other books.  Yeah that's true, but that's what I wanted out of this read.  This isn't rocket science, It's science fiction, it's romance.  Don;t lie, you wanted a happy ending.  What if they had all been killed by the Volturi?  You would all be pissed. Good end to the series.  However throughout all the books I noticed Stephanie Meyer has a love for the wors \\"chagrin\\".  It bothered me.  Didn't ruin the read though
B000FVBLEI|5.0|All That Remains is really surprising me the more I listen to them. Not only is the technical skill mad, but the melodies, hooks and brutal breakdowns are just flat amazing. Another thing that really surprises me is the lyrics, which are poignant and beautiful... Not like most metal out there. This is my second purchase from the band (\\"Overcome\\" was the first) and I definitely see myself filling in the rest of the collection.     Highly recommended for fans of:  The Devil Wears Prada  Becoming the Archetype  Underoath
B001K3JF7K|2.0|\\"It's a tough genre to pull off - to give it that cool, breezy, laid-back, I-wish-I-had-another-Mojito kind of feeling. If done well, the listener is transported to a gorgeous beach with beautiful women and cool mist of ocean spray, spawned by the hip grooves of quiet sophistication. If done poorly, the listener is pushed headfirst into the nearest elevator. I'm still punching the numbers looking for a more exciting floor . . .uh . . . I mean tune. Krall no longer seems to revel in the music. Instead, I get a sense she fell in line behind Tony LiPuma and headed to the studio with a few chords and one-too-many string programs.\\"    I was going to do my own review until I read this one.  Dead on.  I love Diana Krall, but this effort is just uninspired, to say the least.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|Awesome....aside from the slightly comedic and offending stream of racial wit back and forth in this movie...its just about the best Clint Eastwood movie there is. But I understand the necessity of his extreme portrayal of the character (& the other characters). He's simply an aged vet who's just lost his wife and is intolerant to the way the world is heading: pointless gang violence, disrespect to ones elders, neglect for personal and public respect of persons and belongings, etc...and the disconnect that children have with their parents and vice versa....I don't blame him for feeling the way he does about the general decay of our culture...for example the grand daughter showing up at the dead grandmothers funeral baring midrif body piercings, etc..smoking at the wake and rudely making inquiries to his belongings that she might take to college. Hello you rude little brat, ever think about someone other than yourself, especially on the day his wife is being buried? Just a thought. The youth in this are generally portrayed as ignorant, smug, disrespectful, self-important, abusive and vulgar...so Walt (Eastwood) decides to give it right back. I will say this, the infamous line of \\"get off my lawn\\" while baring down on the local gang members with a rifle is possibly one of the most memorable moments you'll recall once you see it...because in each of us there is moment, even when a tiny thing has pushed us, where we could go over the edge and after years of it Walt does...and literally says, whatever he pleases regardless of consequence. It's worth owning and watching...Perhaps I did expect a different ending, but the movie is, in whole, going to be equally kin in talent to Eastwood's classics.
0440244870|4.0|The book was fun, I loved the characters, especially Bex and Suze. It's fun reading about how Becky will get herself out of trouble!
045122499X|5.0|Fantastic read.  Compared to the first book the lines between good and evil are more blurred - which gave the characters more depth.  One minor weak point in the book is the integration of the battle of Crecy into the Story - I thought this was not the strongest part of the book.  However - given the length this part is only short and everything else makes you want to read every page.  One of my top 5 books of all time from now on.
B00005MP58|5.0|I would recommend this to any one who enjoys time period movies!!!  This is the BEST Pride and Prejudice I have ever seen.  It is Great and well worth the time to watch over and over.  The actors are fantastic and believable.
B0011UJMK2|3.0|After a while, the description of the dreary apartments, clothes, lives and the number of people who commit suicide, jump in front of trains, cars, are stabbed, punched, etc becomes a bit too much.    But I did enjoy it overall but found it easy to \\"skim\\" several pages which is why I mention that 100 pages could have been cut.    The first half is the best---he really didn't need the \\"serial killer\\" angle; he could have just told an excellent period piece.
B001CJJWJ8|5.0|I'm among those who rank \\"Don Carlo\\" (known in its French version as \\"Don Carlos\\") as Verdi's grandest grand opera and a masterpiece in that genre. It wasn't easy for Verdi to set out a final version, and when he did, arriving at a relatively compressed, tense four acts, he surgically removed some inspired music, particularly the opening scene in the Fontainbleau forest where Don Carlo declares his doomed love for his step-mother, Queen Elisabetta. Collectors can hear almost every note that Verdi discarded on two pirate recordings under Abbado from the 1970's -- the best one is from La Scala, 1977, with Jose Carreras and Mirella Freni in fine form). Otherwise, each conductor in the various studio recordings has made his own selection from the four-act and five-act versions.<br /><br />A true lover of this opera will want five acts, so for me it comes down to three excellent stereo versions, each of which has its strengths and weaknesses. As every reviewer is fond of repeating, there has never been a perfect \\"Don Carlo,\\" or for that matter, one that casts two ideal lead singers for Don Carlo and Elisabetta.<br /><br />Solti (Decca) -- This set from Covent Garden has been esteemed since the day it appeared. We get five acts, but the first, the Fontainbleau scene, has been shorn of the opening woodcutters' chorus. Solti's conducting is strong and idiomatic; he doesn't drive the music at all. His two leads, Carlo Bergonzi and Renata Tebaldi, are well matched. Bergonzi has a smallish voice but impeccable style. Since Tebaldi was in her late phase, she is rather cautious at times, and matching her with a less than powerful tenor was a discreet choice. Both are on the same page in traditional Verdi style. They are the most natural pairing I've heard. The two great bass roles, King Philip and the blind Grand Inquisitor, are superbly done by Nicolai Ghiaurov and Martti Talvela in their prime. Theirs is the most frightening confrontation since Gobbi and Christoff on the old mono set from 1954 (EMI).<br /><br />As Eboli, Grace Bumbry is well cast. Her naturally feminine delivery is touching, and although she's not as sharp in the demanding coloratura, the lack of hardness in her voice comes as a relief. The Royal Opera orchestra and chorus peform beautifully -- as their chief conductor, Solti had them whipped into shape -- although sheer numbers are lacking in the great choral auto da fe scene. Decca's sound is as vivid and clear as anyone would wish. The usual complaint about Solti's set is that Fischer-Dieskau is miscast as Rodgrigo and vocally out of his depth. I am no fan of F-D in Verdi, and there's nothing Italianate about his delivery, but I'd count this his best outing in such roles. He's not truly moving in his death scene, but elsewhere his undoubted artistry counts for a lot.<br /><br />In all, this remains a strong set, very much worth hearing. The real question here is whether Tebaldi sounds a bit too worn and Bergonzi too cool for the desperate, ardent Carlo.<br /><br />Giulini (EMI) -- In 1970 Covent Garden produced another outstanding Don Carlo under Giulini. We get five acts but once again with the opening woodcutters' chorus cut out. When you consider how good the Solti was, it's surprising that the Giulini swept the field when it was released, but it did, and the initial acclaim has barely subsided. For once EMI's sonics are better than Decca's, being very natural and spacious, especially in the latest remastering for Great Recordings of the Century. The young Domingo and Caballe are in best voice for the two leads. Sherrill Milnes is vocally an outstanding Rodrigo; better still, he reins in his bad habits of oversinging and histrionics. The orchestra and chorus are as good as they were under Solti, and Giulini is even more stylish.<br /><br />But dare I say it, this is a gloomy production. Domingo needs to be more ardent, and Caballe is droopy and emotionally detached. Added to this is Giulini's gravity, which allowsfor almost no unbridled passion and joy. Don Carlo is a tragic opera, and most of the characters are sad most of the time. Still, I've never grown excited over this famous set. Verrett was an accomplished Eboli, but she verges on the leather-lunged and aggressive. Giulini's slow tempo in the Veil Song robs it of charm. Neither Raimondi's Philip nor Giovanni Foiani's Grand Inquisitor sound old enough or sufficiently menacing.<br /><br />Overall, one cannot deny the quality of the Giulini recording, which has stood the test of time a shade better than the Solti because of its young voices. But I can't say I've ever been enthusiastic about it.<br /><br />Levine (Sony) -- At the Met nowadays one gets to hear Andrew Porter's expanded five-act edition that includes as much of Verdi's music as possible. Here Levine restores the woodcutters' chorus, so instead of beginning with hunting horns, the Fontainbleau scene begins with somber peasants foraging for kindling. As gloomy as this sounds, Levine's account is the most exciting and varied of the three versions. He conducts the huge choral scenes with tremendous force and virtuosity -- there's not the slightest doubt that the Met orchestra is ahead of the Royal Opera. By relieving the tragedy with lighter moods, Levine gives us the most theatrical and least exhausting performance.<br /><br />His problem in the early Nineties was casting. Aprile Millo was the Met's stand-in for a great Verdi soprano, and here she does some of her best work. As long as she can sing softly and tenderly, Millo holds her own against true divas on the scale of Tebaldi, but she tends to be cautious in the big numbers. 'Tu che le vanita' is a major letdown. But her Carlo, Michael Sylvester, does quite well. His smooth, smallish voice is close to Bergonzi's, and although Sylvester falls down on style, he never embarrasses himself. All of his singing is enjoyable. As Eboli, Dolora Zajick turns in the best performance I've ever heard, sharply defined and tremendously virtuosic throughout.<br /><br />The cast is filled out with Met stars of the period. Vladimir Chernov was an acclaimed Verdi baritone for a shockingly brief while, but his Rodrigo stands up with the best. As Philip, Furlanetto has a gorgeous lower register and exudes regal authority. Samuel Ramey is an impressive rival to the king as the Grand Inquisitor, and Kathleen Battle is nothing less than divine when her voice floats from on high as the angel at the climax of the auto da fe scene. It's a small moment but quite thrilling.<br /><br />The Met's production of Don Carlo is so stunning visually that reviewers often steer buyers to a DVD of it, which boasts Domingo as Carlo. I find the audio set just as thrilling theatrically. Levine goes a long way toward making up for the deficits of his singing cast, which aren't great to begin with.<br /><br />In the end, there's no clear winner among these three sets. The strong aspects of one compensate for weaknesses in the other two. But a word must be put in for Pavarotti, who undertook Carlo as almost his last new Verdi role in 1992, for the opening of La Scala. He cracked a high note, and the boos were heard around the world. What was missed is that after his much publicized disgrace, which was hardly deserved, the great tenor went on to sing the role magnificently. You can hear him on EMI in that very production, recorded live, under the vigorous Muti. Pavarotti is in miraculously good voice for this late in his career, almost rejuvenated, in fact. His passion and perfect Verdian style outstrip all the tenors on the rival sets, including Domingo. Sadly, nothing else about the production comes anywhere near his standard -- the other leads vary between good enough and sorry. But if you want to hear what can be done with a role that is notoriously difficult, Pavarotti is very much worth seeking out.for almost no unbridled passion and joy. Don Carlo is a tragic opera, and most of the characters are sad most of the time. Still, I've never grown excited over this famous set. Verrett was an accomplished Eboli, but she verges on the leather-lunged and aggressive. Giulini's slow tempo in the Veil Song robs it of charm. Neither Raimondi's Philip nor Giovanni Foiani's Grand Inquisitor sound old enough or sufficiently menacing.<br /><br />Overall, one cannot deny the quality of the Giulini recording, which has stood the test of time a shade better than the Solti because of its young voices. But I can't say I've ever been enthusiastic about it.<br /><br />Levine (Sony) -- At the Met nowadays one gets to hear Andrew Porter's expanded five-act edition that includes as much of Verdi's music as possible. Here Levine restores the woodcutters' chorus, so instead of beginning with hunting horns, the Fontainbleau scene begins with somber peasants foraging for kindling. As gloomy as this sounds, Levine's account is the most exciting and varied of the three versions. He conducts the huge choral scenes with tremendous force and virtuosity -- there's not the slightest doubt that the Met orchestra is ahead of the Royal Opera. By relieving the tragedy with lighter moods, Levine gives us the most theatrical and least exhausting performance.<br /><br />His problem in the early Nineties was casting. Aprile Millo was the Met's stand-in for a great Verdi soprano, and here she does some of her best work. As long as she can sing softly and tenderly, Millo holds her own against true divas on the scale of Tebaldi, but she tends to be cautious in the big numbers. 'Tu che le vanita' is a major letdown. But her Carlo, Michael Sylvester, does quite well. His smooth, smallish voice is close to Bergonzi's, and although Sylvester falls down on style, he never embarrasses himself. All of his singing is enjoyable. As Eboli, Dolora Zajick turns in the best performance I've ever heard, sharply defined and tremendously virtuosic throughout.<br /><br />The cast is filled out with Met stars of the period. Vladimir Chernov was an acclaimed Verdi baritone for a shockingly brief while, but his Rodrigo stands up with the best. As Philip, Furlanetto has a gorgeous lower register and exudes regal authority. Samuel Ramey is an impressive rival to the king as the Grand Inquisitor, and Kathleen Battle is nothing less than divine when her voice floats from on high as the angel at the climax of the auto da fe scene. It's a small moment but quite thrilling.<br /><br />The Met's production of Don Carlo is so stunning visually that reviewers often steer buyers to a DVD of it, which boasts Domingo as Carlo. I find the audio set just as thrilling theatrically. Levine goes a long way toward making up for the deficits of his singing cast, which aren't great to begin with.<br /><br />In the end, there's no clear winner among these three sets. The strong aspects of one compensate for weaknesses in the other two. But a word must be put in for Pavarotti, who undertook Carlo as almost his last new Verdi role in 1992, for the opening of La Scala. He cracked a high note, and the boos were heard around the world. What was missed is that after his much publicized disgrace, which was hardly deserved, the great tenor went on to sing the role magnificently. You can hear him on EMI in that very production, recorded live, under the vigorous Muti. Pavarotti is in miraculously good voice for this late in his career, almost rejuvenated, in fact. His passion and perfect Verdian style outstrip all the tenors on the rival sets, including Domingo. Sadly, nothing else about the production comes anywhere near his standard -- the other leads vary between good enough and sorry. But if you want to hear what can be done with a role that is notoriously difficult, Pavarotti is very much worth seeking out.
B002A9OJ0Q|5.0|Another great Album for A-ha. The music it's fantastic,and relax. If you like very fresh, lovely music, buy this Cd. You will never forget my advise for the rest of your life.All the songs are good, not even one is bad, you will play this one all the time, in your car or home.It's a melodic pop music, with the best voice of the business (MORTEN HARQUET). COLD PLAY, KEANE LOVERS (A-HA)IS THE FATHERS OF THIS BANDS.
B001W79MBI|4.0|I have always had a fondness for anime that explored the Bushido period; noteworthy hits such as the anime series \\"Basilisk\\" and the anime film \\"Ninja Scroll\\" have garnered a powerful following. Most recently the almost Okamoto/Kobayashi inspired \\"Shigurui Death Frenzy\\" has left me in awe. Director Masahiro Ando with screenplay by Fumihiko Takayama has adapted a tale from the original story by \\"Bones\\". \\"SWORD OF THE STRANGER\\" (aka. Sutorenjia Muko Hadan) is an animated film with fantastic action that uses the Sengoku period (a period of warring states) as its backdrop. It is a story of faith, ambition and survival.<br /><br />The film was a nominee for Best animated Feature at the 81st Academy of film awards.<br /><br />A young boy named Kotaro (voiced by Yuri Chinen) and his dog are wandering the lands of Japan; fleeing the Ming forces led by Lord Bai-Luan. They come across a nameless Ronin (Nanashi, voiced by Tomoya Nagase) who is haunted by the memories of his past and who has vowed to keep his blade sheathed. Chinese mercenaries are dispatched to claim the small boy for a twisted ritual for immortality. Seeing the remnants of his past within the boy, the nameless samurai chooses to act as his protector but does he have the necessary skills to keep him from the clutches of the Ming and their blood thirsty, gold-haired swordsman named Luo-Lang (Kouichi Yamadera)?<br /><br />The film uses this chaotic period in feudal Japan; the Sengoku period or the era of the Warring States is a period after the decline of the second shogun. The film ponders the question: What makes a man good or evil? Is it the corruption of the amount of political power or the ambition to rise to such powers? Is it the skill of swordsmanship or the manner he serves his Lord? \\"Sword of the Stranger\\" does flesh out these questions in the spirit of its characters. Itadori is a general whose skills as a swordsman allowed him to rise above the ranks. He is ambitious and power hungry and he serves a corrupt feudal lord in the persona of Akaike; who in turn is driven by greed and lust for more power. Bai-Luan is an aide to the Emperor and seeks immortality to prolong his dwindling life. Luo-Lang is a warrior who serves the Ming Emperor but he is flawed in a way that he is longing for a worthy opponent. He is loyal, but only as that loyalty serves him. The nameless swordsman is a man exhausted, he has killed and served his Lord in the past--such actions have made his soul empty. He has tied a knot on his sword to keep him from drawing his blade, but his skills are good enough to fell highly trained opponents.<br /><br />The film captures certain interpretations of the evils that men would do, for ambition, greed and loyalty. Kotaro represents the innocence and purity of youth, and as such he is the key to the Xian drug, believed to be the key to immortality. Kotaro's dog, Tobimaru also plays a significant role in the film, as he proves to be the catalyst for Nanashi and Kotaro's allegiance. The film has some touching and humorous moments, as we see the dog practice generosity and sacrifice. After all, if an animal can learn compassion, why can't us human beings? The nameless swordsman's past in shown in the form of dreams and flashbacks. (Also, there is a short film in the DVD's features that further develops his character)<br /><br /> It is easy to ignore the film's subtle meanings, as the film does have amazing action sequences that rival Ryuhei Kitamura's \\"AZUMI\\". The action scenes contain a good amount of gore and loads of blood. But not too bloody that the film should be rated `R'. I loved the way Nanashi defends himself without even drawing his sword, it is a true testament to his skills which provokes Luo-Lang's obsession in facing him in single combat. The fights are long, stylish and brutally violent at times. Chinese Wuxia meets Japanese swordsmanship in the encounters. I liked the manner in which Luo-Lang and Nanashi were developed through their separate fights, it allows them to be further developed and allows for build-up in the inevitable final encounter. One flaw the film has is that Kotaro's past wasn't fully fleshed out and the reasons for him being special weren't really fully explored.<br /><br />The action is well animated and the moves are fluid and soft. The set designs have that minor touch of CGI, and the backgrounds almost look very photo-realistic. The mood is cleverly expressed through its effects in the form of blowing wind, ominous snowfall and the darkening of clouds. The character designs may look simple and may not be as elaborate as other anime films of this kind, but it was still pretty good. The music track perfectly complements the film's mood and attitude; I found the music quite rousing in its own right.<br /><br />\\"Sword of the Stranger\\" is one good piece of animated feature. I am still rather impressed how the Japanese can keep adult themes in the form of animation, whereas here in the U.S. animation is often associated with \\"kiddie-flicks\\". The film is full of very cool action, violence that pushes the PG-13 envelope with a strong humanity that can let the film stand on its own. The viewer has to look beyond the action otherwise; he may lose some of the subtle details and may make him think the plot is a little contrived. It may not approach the classic status of other acclaimed anime hits but it is entertaining enough to keep the experienced anime fan enthralled and to attract those unfamiliar with Japanimation.<br /><br />Highly Recommended! [4- Stars]<br /><br />Video/Audio: 1.78 ratio anamorphic widescreen. Nice, clean transfer with some muted colors on some scenes. The 5.1 Japanese Language track is powerful and clear with excellent Subtitles. There is also the option of an English Language 5.1 track.<br />Extras: Pretty bare bones, there are trailers and commercials but the pilot film called \\"Muko Hadan\\" is worth a look. There are also character interviews.ther developed and allows for build-up in the inevitable final encounter. One flaw the film has is that Kotaro's past wasn't fully fleshed out and the reasons for him being special weren't really fully explored.    The action is well animated and the moves are fluid and soft. The set designs have that minor touch of CGI, and the backgrounds almost look very photo-realistic. The mood is cleverly expressed through its effects in the form of blowing wind, ominous snowfall and the darkening of clouds. The character designs may look simple and may not be as elaborate as other anime films of this kind, but it was still pretty good. The music track perfectly complements the film's mood and attitude; I found the music quite rousing in its own right.    \\"Sword of the Stranger\\" is one good piece of animated feature. I am still rather impressed how the Japanese can keep adult themes in the form of animation, whereas here in the U.S. animation is often associated with \\"kiddie-flicks\\". The film is full of very cool action, violence that pushes the PG-13 envelope with a strong humanity that can let the film stand on its own. The viewer has to look beyond the action otherwise; he may lose some of the subtle details and may make him think the plot is a little contrived. It may not approach the classic status of other acclaimed anime hits but it is entertaining enough to keep the experienced anime fan enthralled and to attract those unfamiliar with Japanimation.    Highly Recommended! [4- Stars]     Video/Audio: 1.78 ratio anamorphic widescreen. Nice, clean transfer with some muted colors on some scenes. The 5.1 Japanese Language track is powerful and clear with excellent Subtitles. There is also the option of an English Language 5.1 track.   Extras: Pretty bare bones, there are trailers and commercials but the pilot film called \\"Muko Hadan\\" is worth a look. There are also character interviews.
B000KJU1HI|5.0|I had a hard time one summer.  My parents had moved out East and I wasn't interested in spending the summer away from my college buddies.  I was able to live with my uncle in Cedar Rapids but I really didn't know anyone else there and it was about 100 miles away from my buddies (and had no car).  It was really a depressing time but I found my emotional outlet that summer of '72 in Bob Dylan.  I had all his first 5 albums and I kept playing them all summer long.  Cedar Rapids didn't have any meaning for me but Life was sure expanding its' meaning through the brilliant insight of Dylan.  I went back to college that Fall and my music playlist greatly expanded.  In time my interest in music expanded to where Dylan was just a part time thing.  Years later my wife, knowing my love for the music of Bob Dylan bought me \\"Planet Waves\\".  I only played it once; his singing sounded so awful I couldn't stand it.  Things picked up later, around the time of \\"Hurricane\\", and I enjoy a lot of the latter Dylan as well.  However, I was always so grateful for his presence and his insight that lousy summer of '72.    I rented \\"Don't Look Back\\" with a rather casual interest recently.  I wasn't in a big hurry to watch it since my evenings were so full.  However, when I finally sat down to view it, I relived all the good that he put into that lonely Summer.  I mentally re-enacted every mood and insight that I had had before as I traveled down a memory lane of protests, noble causes, and revelations.  For the Dylan purists, all of this preceeds Dylan's discovery of the electric guitar.  It is a movie put together from his 1964 British Tour.  The music is great but the real enjoyment I took from the film was Dylan himself.  This movie candidly shows him in a variety of moods and settings.  Some of the scenes were simply outstanding.  I think my favorite was an extended scene where he and a cohort were interviewing a rather clumsy British interviewer.  It may sound uninteresting but I enjoyedDylan's effort to try and figure out just what made this guy tick.  He was having fun and the rest of us were as well.      I rented this DVD.  I will certainly be purchasing my own copy.  It's worth watching again and again...especially if I ever get stuck in Cedar Rapids.
006074815X|4.0|Follet tels the tale of just how its possible for a handful of people can change the world.  I loved the cat & mouse game between pro and antaganists.  Really good stuff.  I'm now on the lookout for more by Follet.
B001SMC91M|5.0|Considering they are remaking every movie these days because Hollywood has run out of ideas or are just too lazy to promote original ones, when they get around to ruining Animal House with Jonah Hill as Bruno, Michael Cera as Otter and Megan Fox as Katy we can rest in the solace that they can use a respectable replacement for Otis Day and the Nights in Black Joe Lewis and the Honeybears.      Naturally the debut album from the band, Tell `em What Your Name Is! starts with the explosive Gunpower that sets the tone of the band's garage soul.  The song in drenched in horns and organ and a controlled scream by Lewis that is very reminiscent of the James Brown.  But Brown was never this dirty as he always made sure every note was just right.  The Honeybears just want to play.    Gunpower is followed up by Sugarfoot (who is the drummer of the Honeybears) which will be the most infectious song you will hear all year and cold even make the whitest of guy get up and dance.  Filling out the rest of the Honeybears are Rooster Andrews (guitar), Big Show Varley (keyboards), Wild Card Bill (bass), and horns section of Slyder, McKnight the Night Train and Sleepy Ramirez.    Like the two songs that start off the album, most of Tell `em What Your Name Is! is a mix of all the great soul and R&B artists of the seventies from the previously mentioned James Brown, Motown, Stax and even some Sly Stone funk mixed in.  While Please pt. Two pushes the band into a more Psychedelic feel to it.  Big Booty Woman features a classic call and response which should be a requirement at any house party, Get Yo (Expletive Deleted) features the classic spoken word chorus, while Humpin' could rival Green Onions as the funkiest instrumental ever put on wax.  Adam Sandler's character from The Waterboy even gets a shout out in Bobby Booshay.
B001TH16DS|5.0|This set is totally worth the price. You get both the original broadcast versions and the CGI effects versions. All the episodes look great and there is a ton of special features. If you are a fan of the original series then get this set.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|Everything about this production is first-rate.  Terrific cast all-around, beautiful music, and a great adaptation.  This is not only a beautiful love story (the look on his face when she kisses his hand at the train station is heart-breakingly sweet), it's a fascinating look at the industrial revolution and how it affected everyday people.  It's not a dry history lesson; rather it feels immediate and contemporary.  Love it, love it, love it, and will watch it over and over with family and friends who haven't seen it yet.
6304711905|4.0|Movie is in great condition and it arrived very quickly. Great place to buy from.
B0000DZTIW|5.0|I can't get enough of this CD.  Such an array of moving movements that seem to bring out the depths of peace and passionate motivation.
B001RIY4WE|5.0|If you are a fan of this movie and do not mind buying for the 30th time get this disc. You get all 3 versions of the film all in DTSHDMA. So for me it was the audion upgrade that got me to buy it but the movie is still a fun watch.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|There's plenty to love about LOVE ACTUALLY. It's just that I found a couple of the stories downright perverse. It may be convenient for the film not to show us where Keira Knightley's new romance will lead but nothing changes the fact that is not a love story but one of betrayal in which not much good will come out at the end; at least the Alan Rickman / Emma Thompson part is honest about its subject and what the consequences to his actions will eventually be for both of them. Further, what can you say about a story in which a girl is unfaithful to his boyfriend with his own brother ? The funny thing is that the filmakers want to make us believe these are just different facets of love and for some reason, they time them at Christmas time, as if they would actually have anything to do with the real meaning of Christmas.  Still, any movie in which Hugh Grant makes a convincing British Prime Minister can't be all bad. The truer love story in LOVE ACTUALLY ?: Laura Linney giving up on her dream for the sake of her brother, that part might just be enough to justify the title.
B00008EY65|5.0|Movie is in great condition and it arrived very quickly. Great place to buy from.
B000A2RRF4|5.0|I was a fan of Michael Jackson when I was young, I had several of his albums, and I loved it. In my teen years I faded out of his music, but have been getting back into it recently. I never had this video as a child, but I'm glad to have it now. The show it approx. 2 hours long, and it's a great 2 hours. There are several costume changes, wonderful classic MJ dancing (which means incredible) and even some awesome sets. Since this video was recorded in 1992 you get to go back and remember Michael when he was at a high point of fame. Now having him with all the sex stuff and how weird he has become known for, it's such a change to see him back then. The video is complete with frantic fans, crying fans, and fainting fans! It is kind of scary to watch girls crying their eyes out over the very appearance of Michael, and fainting! There is a one second part where within the first two songs you see a girl who has fainted and a security guard is slapping her on the face repeatedly, trying to wake her up, but it doesn't work. You have to feel a bit bad for these fans because they go to a concert, and don't make in 2 songs in before they faint, and miss the rest of the concert! At one point you see an amazing split-second switch as a girl is taken from the crowd and guided up to have Michael sing to her and she is in total awe and peaceful and hugging Michael and all is safe, then the guards try to take her away and in a split second she goes from peaceful, to frantic! Aside from the fan shots though it really is an amazing performance, the ending is a little long as a crew is brought on stage to put Michael in some sort of jet pack so he can fly off the stage. It takes several minutes and kind of slows down what could be a really cool ending.
074325144X|5.0|I bought this book for myself.. so impressed with a renewed sense of enjoyment from running that I bought one for my mom, dad, and two of my running friends. Great book, quick read. Would recommend reading the book then getting the DVD. I had both my knees hurting and the back of my right leg... got desperate and bought this book on advice from a friend. I'd already run 5 half marathons within the last year, and one full one - legs started taking a beating. Within two weeks of practicing this approach, all my injuries are gone! This is an honest review, I know it sounds like it was written by the author! For 10 bucks, WELL worth it.
B001R4BTSU|5.0|I buy a lot of music.  Music of all kinds, all genres, all types,but this is hands down one of the best, most beautiful albums I have purchased in a long time.  One reviewer mentioned the quality of the recording.  He or She is right, the quality is a bit lacking.  Don't let that stop you from buying this CD.  In fact, if you have money for only one CD for the next year or so, get this one.  The title song is haunting, beautiful...how many adjectives can you use?  Definitely worth the money.  Her first was really good.  This one is much better.
B0020MKTOS|5.0|Clint Eastwood has been a marvelous filmmaker throughout his entire career, and he continues to amaze us with his range and deep artistry.  He has also one of the most prolific filmmakers around, and in 2008 he made two features.  Whereas many directors in Hollywood can take years between films, Clint cranks them out with ease.  He's done this a lot in his career (1997, 1975 for instance), and here, the two films, Changeling and Gran Torino, are excellent.<br /><br />Gran Torino is the better of Clint's 2008 films.<br /><br />This may turn out to be one of my favorite Clint movies, as it's a real surprise of a film.  It's funny, sad, tragic, uplifting, and fascinating, and Clint packs it all into a running time of two hours (it's shorter than most of his other films, which usually hit the 140 minute mark). Clint gives one of his most memorable performances as Walt Kowalski, a retired auto worker living in the Midwest who is a racist.  Through circumstance, he befriends one of his neighbors, a Hmong teenager, and helps him through his life, leading to a stunning conclusion, one of the most surprising and moving in all of Clint's work.<br /><br />This is one of Clint's most surprising films, funny and tender, filled with great cimenatography, funny dialogue (much of which is very un-PC, but it totally fits the story), intelligent situations, and, for the most part, excellent performances.  The two lead Hmong actors overact on occasion, but all of the other performances are first rate. The film is also very respectful of the Hmong culture itself, and I myself knew nothing about it until this film.  This film is also the biggest box office hit of Eastwood's career, which is really wonderful and a bit startling, if you think about it.  When I saw it in the theater, the show had sold out!  I can't remember the last time that happened (lucky for me, the theater added another show an hour later, so I didn't have to wait too long).  It reminds me of when Bob Dylan's Modern Times hit #1 a couple of years ago (and his recent album, Together Through Life, hit #1 as well).  Years ago who would have guessed that Eastwood would have a #1 hit in 2009, especially when you consider most, if not all, his contemporaries are playing caricatures of themselves, are doing mediocre supporting roles, or rehashing old roles.<br /><br />It was a crime that Eastwood didn't get major Oscar nominations for this film (or Changeling, except for Jolie).  I have always wondered what goes through the mind of Academy voters when they nominate and award mediocre films (like this year's Slumdog Millionare, a decent film but hardly a great motion picture), and shut out much more thought provoking, challenging, and entertaining films like Gran Torino.  This film has been compared to Paul Haggis's Crash, but in a way that shows Gran Torino is the far superior film about race relations.  Crash is a bloated, self important, and preachy film.  Most people agree that Gran Torino manages to say more about race relations and tolerance than the ridiculously PC, overblown film Crash (ironically enough, Paul Haggis wrote several films for Clint Eastwood, all of which are better than Crash).  Methinks that the Academy is jealous of Clint, in that he's first an artist, and a celebrity second, and he just makes great films.  He should have gotten something for this film.<br /><br />Eastwood keeps surprising us and himself, making excellent picture after excellent picture.  His last six films, Mystic River, Million Dollar Baby, Flags of Our Fathers, Letters from Iwo Jima, Changeling, and Gran Torino, have been a remarkable run, and I can't wait for the next Clint Eastwood film.of years ago (and his recent album, Together Through Life, hit #1 as well).  Years ago who would have guessed that Eastwood would have a #1 hit in 2009, especially when you consider most, if not all, his contemporaries are playing caricatures of themselves, are doing mediocre supporting roles, or rehashing old roles.      It was a crime that Eastwood didn't get major Oscar nominations for this film (or Changeling, except for Jolie).  I have always wondered what goes through the mind of Academy voters when they nominate and award mediocre films (like this year's Slumdog Millionare, a decent film but hardly a great motion picture), and shut out much more thought provoking, challenging, and entertaining films like Gran Torino.  This film has been compared to Paul Haggis's Crash, but in a way that shows Gran Torino is the far superior film about race relations.  Crash is a bloated, self important, and preachy film.  Most people agree that Gran Torino manages to say more about race relations and tolerance than the ridiculously PC, overblown film Crash (ironically enough, Paul Haggis wrote several films for Clint Eastwood, all of which are better than Crash).  Methinks that the Academy is jealous of Clint, in that he's first an artist, and a celebrity second, and he just makes great films.  He should have gotten something for this film.        Eastwood keeps surprising us and himself, making excellent picture after excellent picture.  His last six films, Mystic River, Million Dollar Baby, Flags of Our Fathers, Letters from Iwo Jima, Changeling, and Gran Torino, have been a remarkable run, and I can't wait for the next Clint Eastwood film.
B00009ZYC1|5.0|I'm very pleased with the condition of this DVD. My son finally wore out his VHS copy of this movie, so I had to replace it. It works great!!
1592332803|5.0|I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this cookbook. Everything I've made out of it has turned out perfectly, and been super tasty to boot. The Joy of Vegan Baking is by far the best Vegan Cookbook for the money I've bought yet. It has tons of yummy desserts that do not taste \\"alternative\\". I often bring in the brownies and cookies to work and my coworkers never know that they're eating a Vegan dessert until I tell them! I highly recommend, especially if you're a new Vegan who still wants to eat all of the same desserts you grew up on, only Vegan! :) LOVE IT!
0061733199|5.0|No need for a long review here. This book was written by a professional soldier who was in the SAS, or the Special Air Service. For those not in the know, that's an elite unit of the British Army trained to carry out operations in ALL parts of the world. Eventually, the author became a survival instructor to the SAS, so you can be sure that this guy knows his stuff.  The book covers all you'd ever want to know about the essentials of surviving in climates such as: the polar region, mountains, seashores, islands, tropical regions, or even at sea. Here's few of the many topics the book covers:  -food, what you can and can't eat -animal tracking with numerous pics -color pics of edible plants -pictures of traps and how to trap things -how to handle animals you've killed for food -how to make a camp and various shelters -knot tying pics -first aid -color pics of medicinal plants -picures of dangerous/poisonous critters -things to have in a survival kit  A very handy resource for anybody who enjoys outdoor/wilderness activities, it's just a darn good thing to have around in case of emergencies- or even just to look at the pictures! Also recommend [[ASIN:1457540169 Treat Your Own Rotator Cuff]] if you have a shoulder problem that is interfering with your outdoor activities.
B00164GDD2|5.0|I am not exactly sure what people are complaining about in regards to the picture quality of this Blu-Ray transfer. It looks better then the recent 1080i that was put out recently on cable. Now of course, you are talking about video effects from 1984, state of the art for that time, but pale compared to what is offered today. So yes, Blu-Ray is going to accentuate the video effects. But overall this is a great offering that has lots of extras. Extras include cinechat, for internet connected players a way to watch the film with a chat room where you can invite friends and family across the country. Also for internet connect players is BD-Live in which you can access online Sony content like Ghostbusters Ring Tones, and exclusive extra content on not only this movie but other Sony movies as well as up to date previews. There is something called Slimer Mode where there is a box with ongoing commentary by the actors, directors and others involved as the movie plays.  Blu-Wizard is a way to make a play list of the extras and save it. Extras include material made at the time of the film, and for the 1999 release and a new documentary of refurbishing Ecto-1, the Ghostbusters car. A bonus I found when I popped it into my PS3 is under Games is free PS3 Ghostbusters them that is pretty cool and features the Sta-Puff Marshmallow Man and slime. Overall, with a ton of cool extras, a decent Blu-Ray transfer, you just can't go wrong.<br /><br />ADDENDUM: I decided to watch the Blu-Ray along with HDNET Movies recent 1080i showing on my largest TV switching back and forth. There are lots of artifacts on both versions, especially on wide angle and indoor shots. Some are very apparent like the Dean's coat when he is kicking them out of the university, the cabinet behind the male student getting shocked, and dark objects in the background of many wide angle scenes have bright pinpoints of light like when you increase the brightness of an underexposed photo. Seeing how some shots on both versions have these artifacts and others have little or none, it has to be indicative of the quality of the master print and type of film and lenses used. Its still worth the price with the extras included.ons have these artifacts and others have little or none, it has to be indicative of the quality of the master print and type of film and lenses used. Its still worth the price with the extras included.
1592332803|2.0|I prefer to use at least half whole grain and better sweetener choices than this book calls for.  Yes, I can adjust the recipes, but they are otherwise so unhealthful, that I don't bother.  I can't understand all the hoopla over this cookbook.  It honestly seems that as long as a book has Vegan in the title, it will get mostly 5 stars.  I agree with the other reviewer who said there's better choices out there.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I bought this DVD on recommendation of a friend. She, like me, works two jobs and has little time to take care of her body. So, at under $10, I figured I might as well give it a shot - and only 2 weeks later, I'm so glad I did! Combining the workout with a whole grain, protien, fruits and veggie diet I have lost 5 lbs, my body is noticeably more toned, and I even have a great little six pack forming underneath the pudge I have left... I will definitely keep this up for the remaining 15 days! The only complaint I have is that it is a little hard on your knees, especially when you get to jumping on the 3rd level (which I did for the first time yesterday). I may have to try to do the modified moves to see if that helps. Thanks Jillian!
B000WMFZMY|3.0|I teach middle schoolers medieval history and like to show this film as a way of explaining some feudal issues and ideas about the Reconquista.  Its got pretty tame combat sequences.  Only problem is that it is long so you will want to use the scene selections.
020161622X|5.0|Fantastic book that sets me out reading a series of pragmatic book.  Get this book and be inspired!
0345495004|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book, and I would look for more books written by this author and also about Frank Lloyd Wright. I have visited one of his homes in the mountains of Colorado, and I found it a fascinating design. This was many years ago, but I thought about this home often as I was reading this book. \\"Loving Frank\\" isn't only about Frank Lloyd Wright, it is about the love of his life (not his wife) and the affair they carried on. It was in the early 1900's so this living together was not acceptable at all. Mamah Borthwick Cheney was part of an early women's movement. Both she and Frank were very intelligent people and shared many interests, including the pain of not living with their respective children.
B0000033IS|5.0|Aretha Franklin made it big with this incredibly wonderful soul album back in the day--and every song still sounds wonderful in our times! Aretha's voice is in excellent form here; and I love every minute of this album. The quality of the sound is excellent and that artwork is magnificent.<br /><br />The CD starts off with one of Aretha's greatest hits ever, \\"Respect.\\" \\"Respect\\" has an awesome beat; this tune is the best and Aretha sings it with all her heart and soul! I love it! The percussion is used very well and those backup singers harmonize faultlessly. \\"Drown in My Own Tears\\" is quite strong and memorable; Aretha gives this a most sensitive treatment again from the heart and she never skips a beat, either. \\"Drown in My Own Tears\\" has an excellent piano arrangement and it just doesn't lack anything--this music is all THAT good.<br /><br />\\"I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You)\\" is excellent music by the great Aretha Franklin; she belts this out and she stays squarely front and center which is quite all right by me! \\"Soul Serenade\\" impresses me with its natural beauty; and I think you'll like this number if you haven't heard it before. How's about that brass? In addition, \\"Baby, Baby, Baby\\" gets the royal treatment from Aretha and the backup vocalists; this number has a great beat and it's perfect for anytime listening. The percussion and drums work wonders for this one, too.<br /><br />\\"Dr. Feelgood (Love Is a Serious Business)\\" features Aretha at her very best with a perfect musical arrangement as she sings; and I really like this song. \\"Good Times\\" has Aretha swinging gently as she delivers this tune to perfection--and beyond! \\"Good Times\\" is easily a major highlight of this album and that electric guitar just sounds so good. \\"Save Me\\" strikes me with its fine arrangement; Aretha makes this her own with a singularly beautiful interpretation. Sam Cooke's \\"A Change Is Gonna Come\\" shines brighter than silver and gold when Aretha handles it; and that's mighty fine.<br /><br />We get three bonus tracks on this album. There's a stereo version of \\"Respect\\" that will amaze you just as much as it did me; and I like the stereo cut of \\"I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You).\\" The album ends wonderfully with the stereo version of Aretha Franklin performing \\"Do Right Woman, Do Right Man.\\" What a fine ending for this superlative CD!<br /><br />Aretha Franklin continues to enjoy great success to this day; and she will always rank very high in my book. She could sing out the phone book and I'd be standing there applauding her with a standing ovation, begging her for more! This is clearly a must-have for any Aretha Franklin fan; and it makes a fine starter CD for people just discovering Aretha's talent. It's also a stupendous album for anyone who appreciates classic soul music.bonus tracks on this album. There's a stereo version of \\"Respect\\" that will amaze you just as much as it did me; and I like the stereo cut of \\"I Never Loved a Man (The Way I Love You).\\" The album ends wonderfully with the stereo version of Aretha Franklin performing \\"Do Right Woman, Do Right Man.\\" What a fine ending for this superlative CD!    Aretha Franklin continues to enjoy great success to this day; and she will always rank very high in my book. She could sing out the phone book and I'd be standing there applauding her with a standing ovation, begging her for more! This is clearly a must-have for any Aretha Franklin fan; and it makes a fine starter CD for people just discovering Aretha's talent. It's also a stupendous album for anyone who appreciates classic soul music.
159102594X|3.0|Overuse of swear words or violence for the sake of violence didn't bother me. It's an okay book, but I won't continue to read the series. I wasn't drawn to the characters. Much of the plotting is tired, derivative.
B00164KYV4|4.0|Yes, Hollywood can still make successful character driven films with smart dialog. No Animation, no special effects, no explosions, just a good story told well.    \\"He's Just Not That Into You\\", written by Abby Kohn & Marc Silverstein based on the book by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo hit theatres on February 6th, 2009, and was the surprise of the Post Oscars/Pre-Summer Junk Dump Season.  Since you may have missed it as few venture out into that barren cinematic wasteland that is February, now is the time to catch this fun flick as New Line Home Video sends it to the shelves on Tuesday June 2nd, 2009.    This one hundred and twenty-nine minute romp includes a talented ensemble cast including: Ben Affleck, Jennifer Aniston, Drew Barrymore, Jennifer Connelly, Kevin Connolly, Scarlett, Johansson, Ginnifer Goodwin, and Justin Long.  Though slightly skewed too far to one side, \\"He's Just Not That Into You\\", takes an in depth look into relationships and respective success and failure.  We want different things, with different people, and no one knows what the other is thinking.  Should relationships be this hard?  Should watching others struggle through them be this enjoyable?  It is simply because, though we may not relate to all these people, we do relate to the situations.  That is a reflection of good writing, and one might have to go back as far as \\"The Big Chill\\" to find people we enjoy this much who are talking about things we care about.    From a young woman out to find love being mentored by the all knowing bar manager, to the puppy dog clinging to the hottie who really wants the married guy who thinks he may have made a mistake, to the guy who just doesn't want to get married to the woman he loves, to the women in relationships they just can't figure out due to a myriad of reasons including the growing relationship reliance on technology, this film has it all.  Someone should write a book.  Oh, wait, they did.  Inspired by an episode and based on a book written by two writers of \\"Sex in the City\\", this film reaches levels of enjoyment that Carrie and her clan only wish they could bring to the big screen.     Yes, not all the performances are on the same level.  Ginnifer Goodwin, and Jennifer Connelly give performances that are limited in dimension through most of the film, and the transition made by Justin long as he goes from the cool dating mentor, to frantic heart sick puppy may be beyond his young capabilities, but the majority of the cast give fine performances in what are all essentially supporting roles.  In most cases we end up wanting more of the people we saw the least of, and less of those we saw the majority of.    Though there is little offered as Special features in this new release; the additional scenes are surprisingly enlightening and entertaining.  In most cases we can usually see why scenes are indeed left out of a film, and with \\"He's Just Not That Into You\\" boasting a running time of over two hours, an argument can certainly be made for the cuts made, but the insights on parental influence found in these scenes were entertaining and well acted. Adding commentary by Director Ken Kwapis, who did a fine job of utilizing his stacked cast within a well paced tale, makes sitting through the extra scenes again well worth the investment.    Recommendation: This is a great film to watch with friends and a surprisingly pleasant addition to any collection. The story and the dialog are the stars here, and well worth your time.
B001JNNDEW|5.0|Milton & Lumberg turn in characters and lines that will live on forever. The rest is pure gold as well. Office Space is as good as it gets.
B00164KYV4|2.0|This movie is currently on my 17-year-old daughter's top 5 list and she begged me to watch it with her the other day.  I would like to say first of all that I am not a prude...however, I was appalled that this movie was rated PG-13 as I would have died a slow death had I watched it with her when she was 5 years younger.  The language (the F word is used more than once along with other \\"colorful metaphors\\"), the fairly graphic office sex scene with two of the characters, the one character saying how she'd like to \\"dry hump\\" one of the male characters, partial nudity, etc., make this movie totally inappropriate for anyone under 17 and should have been rated R.  In addition, it's boring and I had to fight to stay awake.
B001VIMCW4|4.0|I don't know why this got such bad reviews from some people but, it was great! We watched it from beginning to end. True....the story was a bit weak and they didn't catch you up from the last movie but it was still a great movie. Lots of action, a few twists and turns. It's worth it.
0765356147|3.0|While I thoroughly enjoyed Mistborn: The Final Empire despite its flaws (weak characterization, mediocre dialogue), I'm afraid to say that both of Mistborn's sequels don't quite stand up to the first. In fact, I wish I hadn't read them.<br /><br />The extension to a trilogy transformed the flaws of the work into fatal flaws that began to dampen the power of Sanderson's strengths. His big mistake was turning the story into an epic fantasy of Edding's-sized proportions. His writing and his storytelling did not quite keep up with the sheer splendor of his ideas.<br /><br />Which is most unfortunate, because the potential was awesome, maybe even realized, but most definitely never reached.<br /><br />The characters just don't stand up under the weight and pressure of fate-of-the-world, clash-of-good-and-evil epic. Even while stranded in that mysterious realm between flat and round, they managed in the first Mistborn. But now, alas, with the world falling apart, dangerous powers on the loose, wars everywhere... it all becomes difficult to believe. Worse, it becomes difficult to care what happens to any one of the characters. Worse still, the characters are complete slaves to the plot more or less, which means events were all too easy to predict.<br /><br />Of course, throughout all of this one is still entranced by the creativity and originality of Sanderson's ideas, which is why I did finish the book, and did still give it 3 stars. It's not a bad read at all. In fact, if you're looking for a way to kill some time and enjoy yourself while at it, dig right in!<br /><br />But if you're a hardcore fantasy fan, and you are looking for something serious, I'd suggest to steer away from books 2 and 3. They'll only frustrate you and disappoint as your fantasy-genre-attuned imagination senses all the Mistborn Trilogy could have been but ultimately wasn't.
B000002UJQ|5.0|It seems to me the general public/media thinks Radiohead is only for depressed,melancholy,artsy,elitist.Most of these people only listen to the billoard top 10 and have never really heard of Radiohead.If they have heard Radiohead before,they never give them a chance because of what others have said.Radiohead is \\"boring\\" \\"depressing\\",these people probably don't pay attention to an artist lyrics/musical ability and only listen if the song is catchy. This explains how songs about Super Maning a Hoe and Poker Faces can get so popular.    Getting that out of the way,Radiohead is one of my favorite bands and OK COMPUTER is my favorite album from them.The flow of the album is amazing from start to end.Every time I listen to this album its like i am in a different mind state. It makes me think of my past and future.Especially the opening track AIRBAG the song is very sentimental to me because a airbag really did save my life when I was younger.The whole album is great but stand out tracks to me are, PARANOID ANDROID,EXIT MUSIC,LET DOWN,KARMA POLICE,and NO SUPRISES.The thing about Radiohead is the lyrics may seem depressing but there is always a light at the end of the tunnel with there songs. Here is a example , some lyrics of NO SUPRISES.    I'll take a quiet life,  a handshake of carbon monoxide  with no alarms and no surprises,  no alarms and no surprises,  no alarms and no surprises,  Silence, silence.     It seems depressing, right?what it is talking about is suicide,but the end of the song leaves on a positive note.    Such a pretty house  and such a pretty garden.   No alarms and no surprises (get me outta here),  no alarms and no surprises (get me outta here),  no alarms and no surprises, please.     What I think they are saying here is.People may be depressed/suicidal but they can change it and live on to see a brighter future.That is why I love Radiohead and I am not depressed, I hope my review helped you out.
0783225733|5.0|I was very impressed with the service when purchasing this DVD. I needed it fast (birthday present) and it arrived ahead of schedule.  Thank you very much!
B00127RAJY|5.0|Okay, this one KICKED MY BUM! I was so sore after the first day that I had to skip it the following day. I'm no stranger to working out and I feel that I'm in pretty good shape, but, this video is truly, an honest-to-goodness workout.     Prepare yourself mentally before doing the first level because it's not easy and wear good shoes.    I have been using the video for two months now and I feel stronger. I'm sure I've lost a few pounds already. I switch between levels 1 and 2 to make it more fun and I tell you it doesn't get any easier. I use 5-lb weights that seemingly become heavier as I move on to the next circuit. There is also a sense of accomplishment after.    Highly recommended.
B00133KFGW|5.0|It disappoints me when I see reviews for movies like this that are full of complaints about sensationalism, and incredulity.<br />There are some movies where a heavy hand of reality is vital to it's success. But does that mean ALL movies need complete fidelity to reality? What a sad world it would be without the fantastic realms of existence awakened in the imagination. Think of all the movies that would never have been!<br />Of course it would it not only be improbable, but preposterous for the story told in August Rush to happen in reality. Who cares? Is that the point of the movie? Not at all! The point is to rouse our child-like imagination and to unleash potential and motivate us to dream.<br />I love this movie. I get lost in the story every time--always anxious down to the last moment if they will find each other in the end.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Jillian is tough, the workout is tough, it took me a while to actually do what she says.  I have bad knees and am overweight, so I just modified the jumping parts, but now the muscle is built up so well around my knees that I'm able to do them a little more advanced.  She allows for some modification, but pushes you to do the form correctly.  The first month I didn't do it every day, still felt good.  The second month I made a commitment to myself and did every single day like she asks (I could only make up a day missed one day before or one day after.  People are saying I lost a TON of weight, when I didn't, this tape just streamlined my body and I have SO much energy!  Now I'm adding weights!  Started out with no weights, then move to 3 lbs, now I'm into 5 lbs weights!  Yay!  =)
141690977X|4.0|This is a book I wish I'd read when I was 12. Sheesh, how much easier my life would have been!<br />It gets a bid redundant after a while, I found myself thinking, \\"Okay, okay, I heard ya, I heard ya!\\" But at the same time, talking to girlfriends who've also read the book, they're still finding excuses for the one they're pining over. So, maybe we need the repetition...<br />Hmm, now I'm wondering if I may need to read it again to make sure it soaks in!<br />And just in case you were wondering, none of the guys that I've talked to that have read this have contradicted a single word of it!
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|clint has done it again. this  movie should be watched by people of all races it teaches a good lesson on racism.
B00197POXG|5.0|This review concerns the show itself, and not necessarily this edition. Unfortunately I had just finished purchasing all six seasons individually a few months before this megaset came out.<br />I was young when Dr. Quinn came on, and I watched it every Saturday night for the first few seasons. As the third season waned, I entered my upper teen years, and I had better things to do with my Saturday nights (and TiVo didn't exist yet).<br />For years, all I had were a few OLD VHS with some episodes we'd recorded, like The Heart Within (forever to be known to me and my sister as Dr. Quinn Goes to Boston).<br />Finally, one day, I did it--I bought the series. I kept this secret at first, not wanting to admit my great attachment to a show notorious for being adored by grannies the world over. But in time, I became aware of many friends who also remembered the series fondly and was able to loan out my discs to them. I was proud to own them!<br />While working from home, I found myself zipping through disc by disc, season by season. Approaching the more unfamiliar seasons, I was surprised that right to the end, I immensely enjoyed each episode. The show never seemed to jump the shark.<br />Now, that being said, I'm not going to ascribe adjectives to this show that it doesn't deserve. It has it's moments of getting a little too sappy or melodramatic. When used, the stock footage is always blatantly obvious. At times the acting is less that Emmy worthy...<br />But all that doesn't matter to me, because despite its flaws, I love it. Is it because I'm a silly girl who will always have a heart that beats for Sully? Maybe. But it was a great show, the last of its kind.<br />It was a show that empowered women without demeaning men, covered a wide range of timeless personal, historic, and societal issues, gave a real example of a healthy and successful marriage, taught timeless values, and was full of sweeping romance and thrilling drama.<br />I've heard of petitions to resurrect the show, I don't know about that, but Dr. Quinn will always hold a place in my heart.t, but Dr. Quinn will always hold a place in my heart.
0451203933|4.0|Yo, it's cool that reporter Mark Bowden did some hard-fought, investigative writing about a topic the U.S. military (and the Clinton-loving media) would like to forget. He conveys the misery and shock among elite U.S. troops who get bogged down in a massive firefight in Mogadishu, Somalia, while trying to complete a mission. He also provides enough detail about the struggles of the country's citizens to warm the heart of any Obama-loving apologist. My only complaint about the book is that it's very disorienting in its attempt to convey what happened on the scene of battle, and the maps in its pages, an obvious crutch, were of little help.
B000092T6M|3.0|This is a great movie--not perfect, but good enough that I easily overlook all the faults commonly complained about. Unfortunately, however, there are only two versions of it on DVD. One you have to flip the dvd over half way through, and then there's this one--extended cut.<br />Extended versions are tricky. I have seen few that are better than the theatrical version. Pretty much all the extended scenes are with the Sheriff and Mortiana, and very dark. I didn't even feel that they added anything to the plot.<br />Sigh. I'm still waiting for this to come out in a better DVD version to purchase it. Although, I may be waiting in vain.
B00005RFAI|4.0|This one is good but if you like this one get Funhouse to rock your world
B000YAA68C|3.0|I admit, I avoided this movie for a while because I do not particularly care for Hilary Swank. Finally one night, being alone, and with few options of movies to watch in the ON-DEMAND library, I decided to give it a go.<br /><br />This is what I liked about it:<br />1. The story was mostly about Holly and Gerry, and was not the context of her next relationship.<br />2. I worried that his letters would only cause her to hold to his memory all the more, but was pleased to see how they freed her to continue her life.<br />3. Her grieving process was real. At the risk of sounding morbid, I have to say it pleased me to see her go through intense grief. It made her character more real and likable and also gave credit to the strength of their marriage.<br /><br />This is why I only gave it three stars (if I could have given it a rating of 3.5, I would have):<br />1. This is a minor one--all those designer clothes from eBay? Yeah right.<br />2. (Spoiler alert) She does have a bit of a fling in the middle. Not to be a prude but I didn't really see it as adding anything to the story except for giving it a sex scene.
B0024DQXW0|5.0|RADIO WOODSTOCK 69 which features music exclusively from the original Woodstock era and RADIO WOODSTOCK with music from the original Woodstock era to today's artists who are keeping the spirit of Woodstock alive are both available only online at [...]  Coming soon Woodstock TV.    Peace, love, music,  RFWoodstock
B0026OE2O8|5.0|This is the best purchase I have made in a while.  This is just stunning.  A great product to show off a high definition tv.  If you don't have a blu ray player, this is a good reason to get it.
B00164GDD2|4.0|I love this movie and just recently bought a Samsung Blu ray player and the Video game.  I agree with previous reviews some scenes were grainy and not much better than old DVD version.  I thought at first it was my player that was messed up but after reading reviews I'm glad its not. Also on my player disc start up was slow, took forever to get to main menu and no stop/resume feature little frustrating.<br />I still have the box set DVD of GB 1 and 2 and I think i may keep them (by the way the set I bought at Wal-mart for 13.00)
B0026MS4BC|5.0|Flight 666 vinyl is truly stunning. The album captures their best performances and is a testament to how good they are live. Also, the pictures on each disc are extremely detailed and flawless.<br /><br />The sound is amazing, though a little on the bass end of the spectrum: Nicko's drums are strong on this recording and really make listening a unique experience because you can clearly hear what he's doing back there. Adrian, Dave, and Janick all have a clear and distinct sound making each one distinguishable while the newer added harmonies for the old songs cut through nicely. Bruce is upfront and clear as always. Steve's bass cuts through and owns it's own part of the e.q. spectrum which makes for a bit more bunch. I really enjoy the sound on the record and it is a pleasure to sit back, listen and experience the 'round the world tour entirely on LP.<br /><br />I saw Maiden at their last show in Ft. Lauderdale and I wish they would have added the extra material from the '09 set list to this live album. The way I see it, the more Maiden, the better. But that being said, There is plenty of music on this album. all the classics are here. It is truly awesome of Maiden to go out and recreate the Powerslave tour, film it, record it, allowing fans to relive those days while introducing new fans to their older material. Not many bands care about their fans as much as Maiden do and this is a gift to the fans.<br /><br />I recommend this record to any audiophile and music fan out there with a passion for vinyl. Maiden did a great job.
0316017922|4.0|This is one of the more interesting reads of recent times. Malcolm Gladwell makes a lot of obvious observations but does them so beautifully and in such a way that the reader is drawn in and is left thinking, \\"huh, I never really thought of it that way\\".    For instance, we all know that intelligence can be an important factor in the achievement of success, but we also know that just being intelligent will not guarantee anybody success. Instead, success comes from the combination of being just intelligent enough and the chance of having the the right opportunities and, of course, being able to take advantage of them. This is a point that comes across clearly in the book. This is also why we find that the most successful people in the world are not necessarily the smartest. They just happen to have been reasonably intelligent and to have had the right opportunities.    Gladwell's 10,000 hour concept is also debatable. There is no doubt that practice makes perfect and that the more time you spend on an activity, the better you become at it. However, this does not necessarily lead to a clearcut conclusion that success is guaranteed once those hours have been put in, otherwise how do you explain the the millions of people all over  the world who continue to have little to show in terms of the kind of success described by Gladwell, despite toiling for much more than 10,000 hours in various endeavors.    All in all, I think that Gladwell has put together a highly interesting and very readable book and one that I recommnend to everyone to read. It ptrovides valuable insights but the reader should have no illusion that he or she is reading the product of a tested scientific inquiry into how to achieve success.
B0017YDPI2|5.0|After the risk that Supernatural may not come back for a third season, anyone that had doubts should have had them erased with Season 3. The writers took the storyline to an entirely new level and blew the past two years out of the water. Season 4 has also done similar. If you have any interest in this show (which you should) start with Season 1 and work your way up. Hopefully the first two seasons will be on Blu-ray soon enough!
B00003CXA2|5.0|Forest Gump is so well known, and perhaps even a it overexposed, but the use of \\"life is like a bowl of chocalates\\" being so commonplace, or the long littany of shrimp dishes that people often parady (and which is now part of the food places named after the movie), it is sometimes easy to forget just how good the movie itself is.    I had not seen it in quiter awhile, but picked up the DVD.  And it still entertains with its humor, love stories and friendships.  Tom Hanks turns in another remarkable performance, and Gary Sinise (CSI:NY) is another who puts in a good turn in front of the lens (as do many of the others.)    The movie combines it all, tears, laughter and the simple nature of trying to be kind which leads to rather remarkable situations.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|I had read the book Generation Kill so I decided to purchase the dvd box set. After reading other books such as Band of Sisters, Joker One, and One Bullet Away - this movie seems to accurately portray everyday life -- boredom then sheer terror. Some of the actors in this series are actual  RECON Marines who helped the series be as authentic as possible. If you liked or hated Over There - well this series blows that show out of the water in terms of writing and special effects. The acting is incredible - the cast is awesome. The standouts include Alexander Skarsgaard (True Blood) and Stark Sands (incredible actor who we'll hopefully see more of). To say this show is leftist can be seen from some characters but not others as Sgt. Colbert says to Iraqis, \\"Vote Republican!\\". Either way I've met people who now want to join the military b/c of the brotherhood b/t the Marines. This show is definitely profane and there are even some offensive moments that I had to fast forward - (the kids writing to the guys) but I still watched it already a dozen times - the funny parts and the action NEVER wear out. Also good extras on the last dvd showing behind the scenes and the \\"boot camp\\" the actors had to go thru run by Rudy Reyes and other marines.
B000TJBNFI|4.0|Misery was a good 4 to 5 star Steven King story which I enjoyed very much.  It concerned stalkers and fameous writers and must, therefore, be a subject close to Mr. Kings heart.  Since my son and I are both fans of Steven King, my  family went to Bangor Main a few summers ago to visit the town, take in some of the local tourist attractions and on site filming locations of many of his films.<br /><br />We also briefly stopped in front of Mr. Kings home to take a photo.  I hope this didn't qualify us as stalkers, but we also visited fameous Bettes Book Store in hopes of the possibility of seeing Mr. King (which we did not).  We picked up some books and were treated to some interesting stories concerning Mr. King from the shops staff.  Bettes book store also provided us a map of Bangor annotated to show exactly where many of King's movies have been filmed.<br /><br />Except for getting a flat and getting lost while looking for some of these filming locations it was a great trip and I would recommend it to all fans of Steven King.
6304698682|3.0|I laughed out loud a few times during this somewhat dated 1985 Western vehicle for Clint to clean up the bad guys yet again. This time, he is improbably styled as a 'preacher' who lands in a mining town and singlehandedly rallies the beleaguered miners against the evil corporate baron. He turns down a chance to bed a 15-year-old girl, but does accomodate her weather-beaten Mom, Carrie Snodgrass, in an unattractive role. Of course, he wipes 'em all out in the end. The soundtrack is awful, but the photography isn't bad.
3836509032|3.0|Although I am interested in all aspects of one of my favorite man made landmarks, the iconic Eiffel Tower, I found this book to be a disappointment.  Its impressive size (12X17 inches) makes it difficult to place on most bookshelves.    Aside from that cosmetic problem, the pages within consist of three pages of historical data (albeit extremely fine print on large pages) in English, followed by 21 pages of the same text in various other languages.  A sprinkling of fine photographs throughout this section of the book is cause for thumbing through these pages even if one does not speak German, French, Italian, Spanish or Chinese.  What remains are 107 pages of extremely technical \\"blueprints\\" of the structure.  Every bolt, beam and deco adornment is shown in intimate detail; some certainly of interest to anyone caring enough about the Eiffel Tower to buy the book, but most discernible only to someone with engineering skills.  This volume is unique and a fine addition to many libraries, but for most looking for details and photographs  documenting this beloved symbol of Paris, I would say, there are better choices.  Had a review been available at the time I made my purchase of the book, I would have opted for a different publication.
B001AX9DT0|5.0|Everytime I listen to this CD, I am glad that I purchased it.  I only wish that I could attend a concert and hear that voice as it should be heard.......in person........up close.......and personal.
B00164GDD2|5.0|Serves me right for not waiting for the review -- this is the worst Blu-ray I've ever seen.  The film has artifacts that my $500 film scanner could inpaint.  The whole movie seems to pulse and shimmer in any scene that's dark.  *AVOID*
B001FB4W0W|2.0|I watched the 1st disc and enjoyed it even though there were glaring differences from the book, went on to the 2nd disc and even proceeded to the 3rd disc.  After the last episode on the 3rd disc, I've decided I'm done with the DVD's and will just read the books.  They are so much better and they are after all the \\"Sookie Stackhouse\\" novels and not the \\"Jason Stackhouse\\" novels!  The differences from the book and the DVD just kept increasing to the point that I no longer wanted to watch.  Sookie is smart and pretty in the book, in the movie she is the cliche' of a pretty, dumb, southern blonde.  In the end my final thoughts were sympathy for Charlaine Harris and what they did to her novels.
B0000062FL|5.0|Like so many other classic rock albums, Santana's 1970 sophomore set ABRAXAS is celebrated for what are arguably the wrong reasons, with the curious result that the collection as a whole remains underappreciated. Sure, ABRAXAS yielded Santana's two biggest hits - the ageless and definitive covers of Fleetwood Mac's \\"Black Magic Woman\\" and Tito Puente's \\"Oye Como Va\\" - but there's a lot more here than a couple of radio staples. Running the gamut from the ethereal to the earthbound several times over, this is about as eclectic a package as one could ask for, and a major step forward from the fine debut disc the band had released just over a year earlier.     \\"Singing Winds, Crying Beasts\\" is an airy instrumental, and opens the album on its subtlest note. Many listeners might view it as little more than an extended intro to \\"Black Magic Woman,\\" but I'd counter that Santana's most famous tune strikes me in turn as an intro to \\"Gypsy Queen,\\" the Gabor Szabo piece into which it segues so beautifully. \\"Oye Como Va\\" certainly makes a statement, but \\"Incident at Neshabur\\" makes an even bigger one, proving conclusively that this band played covers out of choice rather than necessity. Lest anyone still harbor doubts, percussionist Chepito Areas' swinging \\"Se a Cabo\\" should help you to dance them away.     Keyboardist and lead singer Gregg Rolie wrote several fine straight rock and blues numbers during his tenure in Santana, the two finest of which appear on this album. \\"Mother's Daughter\\" is a darkly humorous, passionately performed tale of love gone wrong, while the steamshoveling \\"Hope You're Feeling Better\\" is, for my money, Santana's greatest rocker and more deserving than either \\"Black Magic Woman\\" or \\"Oye Como Va\\" of ABRAXAS' top honors. \\"Samba pa Ti\\" is a stately, spiritual guitar showcase for Carlos Santana, still one of his best, and the percussion feature \\"El Nicoya\\" closes the proceedings in a very similar vein to that on which they opened, its heavily reverbed production evoking windy mountain redoubts south of the border and west of the setting sun.     The reissue of ABRAXAS adds three live tracks from a 1970 London show - \\"Black Magic Woman/Gypsy Queen,\\" \\"Se a Cabo\\" and an early version of \\"Toussaint L'Overture\\" - which provide a nice taste of what the band was doing on stage while creating this album in the studio. No one really needs any additional reason to buy such a recording, of course, but they're here, and they're good.     Perhaps no Santana studio release better displays the band's singular ability to pair market-friendly pop and rock sensibilities with esoteric musical exploration than ABRAXAS. It's a solidly excellent set, not an alternative greatest hits package, and a must for ears everywhere.
B001UREJYK|4.0|I will start by making sure everyone who reads this knows that I don't play golf or watch it on TV.  I'm also not a big fan of Shia's.  With that out there I highly recommend this movie.  It's a great period piece and the production and costumes are perfect for the time.  The way the movie was filmed really is pleasing to the eyes and the visual trick used for the way the golf ball goes through the air and down the fairways is fun to watch.  The acting is top notch by the whole cast and Shia (who usually annoys me) is kept in check to the point that this is no doubt his best acting role.....that nobody knows about.  This is a great underdog story about someone who isn't considered in the right class of society to play \\"gentlemens\\" golf and really showing them that skill is what it is truly about and a love of the game.
B000001GS3|3.0|I thought, reading the other reviews, that this interpretation would be the best of all. I am sorry to say I am disappointed. Macbeth is so careful to be inventive that he kills the emotion. I felt no chill or thrill in the scene where Duncan is murdered and same when he sees Banco's ghost. Lady Macbeth is ok but her voice is too mellow for the role. It seemed to me, listening to it all, that I was walking through a dream with sleepwalkers around.  Even Banco was mellow, too carefull to make sure that his beautiful voice got all the notes and intonations. The only one who showed some fear and guts was Placido Domingo, but unfortunately his role is short. The chorus was very good though.  I have the CD with Callas and frankly, even if Mascherini is not too inventive and a bit whiny, I got more chills from them both. She is the best Lady Macbeth so far and without comparison. Too bad that the witches are off rythm and the sound is harsh sometimes. But I really got the impression that murders were planned. You feel the longing for power, the fear to be discovered, the hate and greedy and ruthless ambition. You hear the predator's voice in Callas.  I have also the Nilson CD, and I think Taddei is the best Macbeth so far: inventive and manly voice, in between greed and fear, which is a difficult balance. Nilson is nice too. Her voice lacks lightness sometimes in arias like the banquet but it is almost not palpable. She is a great lady Macbeth too, more incisive, sharp and crisp than Verrett. She is the cold and cruel version and Callas the hot and ruthless side of Lady Macbeth. The Witches chorus are cut badly though.   I need to listen to the Rysaneck version, but so far, my first choice would be Callas/Mascherini, then Nilson/Taddei, and I would choose the Verrett/Cappuccilli just to have an nice idea of the whole without getting involved with emotions too much.
B001IBIQU6|1.0|Even if you have a good open mind listening to this a few times you will come up flat. I wonder why they decided to release such an uncatchy, unmemorable album in their old age, must be some secret joke. I would rather listen to Blaqk Audio and William Control records any day over this dreck.
0312370849|5.0|I loved it.  I learned something new about history while at the same time I read a story that was absolutely amazing.  I wished I could reach inside the book and grab Sarah and tell her it was all going to be alright. Read this book.
B001EGFQNU|5.0|I've seen here a few times, and it's true, the package clearly says NTSC Region 0. And it is. It works great on my USA player.  Plus, it's great. Some of those videos i've ever seen. Some i never knew existed! Now i have a copy of my own! Yeah!!
B001PA0FFO|5.0|Oh this was one good movie; One wallop of a movie; I came fully prepared to hate Hoffman's character. But along the way, especially when he was talking to Sis James' character, I couldn't help but notice the fact that he had a soft gentle side; I may be wrong but as an African American woman, I just saw a sensitive kind hearted priest that tried to befriend a boy in his parish who happens to be black and caught his own hell in the movie. In the end, when Streep brought out her hand to Sister James, I was like she brought a trump card and fully expected to play it. When he told her he knew people, and she simply said, \\"You will lose\\" I was blown away by that. This is a nun in the Catholic church telling a priest that in spite of his statue and job, she will fight him if necessary. It was then that I felt that somehow this man was being falsely accused; I saw the emotions on the man's face and to me, I saw no guilt only pain. For a while I saw it, but to be honest, we will never know if she was right in her accusations. I can also see why Viola Davis' role was considered for an Oscar as well. You want to say, Lady wheres your head? but on the other hand, considering the fact that hes already catching his own hell at home, you have to say is this worth it? is it?
030716327X|5.0|I love this book for little babies!  This is the second one that I bought.  The first won just survived the frequent reading with my first child.  He enojyed it so much!  He was able to participate in the reading by following the suggested motions.  I really recommend this for a first book.  It really was great starting about 3mos. old.
0307165485|1.0|The I Am A Bunny story is a partial version of the original story.  I imagine that this is probably the case of the other stories as well.  I recommend obtaining the complete story books rather than this collection of partial stories in one book.
B001E0FRD0|2.0|Once you get past the insults and propaganda this book is pretty good.  What the Navy SEALs go through during their training would make most professional athletes go crying home to mommy.  The book is put together well, good development of the story and very descriptive.  The author has a lot of hate for it seems everything and everyone in the Middle East, a lot like some of them having a lot of hate for us in the West.  I guess after seeing and experiencing the horrible things he went through it would be difficult no to hate.  The problem is, the hate interferes with the flow of the novel.      This book would be good if the author would have left out the unnecessary attacks on the \\"liberal media\\" or \\"lefties\\" as he calls them.  I am by no means a liberal, but his attacks seem to go against what the United States stands for... Tolerance of all people, religions, etc...    In fact, what the author fails to realize, is that he is not that much different from those he is fighting against.  Both sides believe HEAVILY in their particular God, both sides feel that they are in the \\"right\\", both sides would fight to the death to protect their families and ways of life.    We are all grateful for the courage and sacrifice that our soldiers give for our country and my heart goes out to all those whose lives have been destroyed by war on BOTH sides of the battlefield.     This is a good novel, but it had the potential to be a GREAT novel.
B001VS46DC|5.0|\\"I was inspired to sing Bossa Nova by a lot of great artists that you all know and love. And singing Standards with Bossa Nova is something that's kind of fun. So it sticks on. I learned from Frank Sinatra, but I was inspired by Bossa Nova that I've heard growing up.\\" ~ Diana Krall to her audience before performing \\"Too Marvelous For Words\\" ~<br /><br />\\"Live In Rio\\" is Diana Krall's tribute to a musical marriage of Standards and Bossa Nova. This recorded live concert in Rio de Janeiro is, to date, the most elegant of all her concerts. The jazz diva with her band, conductor and musicians are all attired appropriately in keeping up with the show's ambiance. (I like her gorgeous belted black dress and that elegant pair of black open-toe high heels. Her band and conductor look dapper in their formal suits).<br /><br />This well-presented concert is a showcase of her versatility as a total performer. The Grammy-award-winning artist can do Standards with charming Bossa Nova charts in her own inimitable style and do justice to the music. She can do swing numbers with ease and verve. Her piano playing is consistently flawless even when she does single-line-technique that is so typical of Bossa Nova arrangements. Once again, Claus Ogerman lends his wealth of experience in arranging the material for the concert with the able support of Ruria Duprat who conducts the Rio de Janeiro Orchestra.<br /><br />On the opening number, \\"I Love Being Here With You,\\" she swings and jams with her band members who display amazing talents in their respective instruments. John Clayton is a picture of a cool bassist who plays confidently and effortless. In my book of jazz, he is the successor to Ray Brown's crown as the greatest bass player in the history of jazz. Jeff Hamilton is a dandy drummer who plays in the tradition of Louie Bellson's style while Anthony Wilson is an expressive guitarist who can do amazing riffs that makes him as striking as Wes Montgomery. Paulinho da Costa is a terrific percussionist who plays like no other. He is very much at home playing at his native soil. Downbeat Magazine named him \\"one of the most talented percussionists of our time\\" while Los Angeles Times described him \\"a virtuoso on percussion.\\"<br /><br />The repertoire is not entirely Bossa Nova staples but mixed with some of the greatest songs from Great American Songbook performed either in a beautiful setting such as \\"Let's Face The Music And Dance\\" and one of the encores, \\"'S Wonderful\\" or in a refreshing swinging fashion like the finale \\"I Don't Know Enough About You,\\" and \\"Cheek To Cheek.\\"<br /><br />\\"So Nice,\\" \\"Este Seu Olhar,\\" \\"The Boy From Ipanema\\" and \\"Quiet Nights\\" are obviously the favorite candies of the responsive audience. They welcome these numbers enthusiastically as they sing along and give resounding applause before and after each performance.<br /><br />With this DVD, you will experience a charming musical adventure while enjoying the scenic video clips of an enchanting city and the birthplace of Bossa Nova. Additionally, it has some bonus features that the viewers will find especially interesting.<br /><br />The following are some quotes that I have transcribed from the singer herself, her band members and her producer on \\"Quiet Nights.\\"<br /><br />\\"I'm not comparing Bossa Nova to opera, but I'm comparing it to a very passionate, sensual art form. It's different from opera, but when you go to the opera, you really don't need to know exactly what they're talking about -- you feel it. And I think that's what I feel when I listen to Bossa Nova and when I listen to Joao Gilberto or Tom Jobim. It's the feeling.\\" ~ Diana Krall ~<br /><br />\\"Bossa Nova is more like a whisper than a scream. And I feel that Diana is always that way in music. Her voice always holds just something a little back and she allows some space to be there.\\" ~ Anthony Wilson ~<br /><br />\\"Not only Diana Krall's voice is right for singing Bossa Nova, but also her piano playing. It'san extension of her singing. Her singing is very sensitive and very sexy, which, of course, the Bossa Nova suggests. She really puts on the Bossa Nova style pianistically as opposed to the other kind of piano playing that she can do -- very full and two-fisted and not appropriate for what the Bossa Nova suggests.\\" ~ John Clayton ~<br /><br />\\"Diana Krall was a piano student at a jazz camp when I first met her. I was working with Ray Brown at that time. I introduced her to Ray and told him that she's a great piano player on the rise. She was hungry for the music, which we always look for in students. She was naturally talented in terms of her groove and sound on the piano and her soloing was already at a pretty high level for her age.\\" ~ Jeff Hamilton ~<br /><br />\\"In the album 'Quiet Nights,' there's this certain sense of maturity in Diana Krall that I noticed and she's probably unaware of. It's not that she reminds me of Peggy Lee. It's just that Peggy Lee, in the '50s and '60s, had a certain sense of maturity that happened to her at that point. And the vocals on that album -- they're just spectacular.\\" ~ Tommy LiPuma ~<br /><br />Like \\"Quiet Nights,\\" this concert is not for ordinary music fans and viewers. In order to enjoy it, you should truly appreciate the musical marriage of Standards and Bossa Nova that is executed in utter elegance and sheer beauty.<br /><br />I'm just about ready for my second viewing, are you?of course, the Bossa Nova suggests. She really puts on the Bossa Nova style pianistically as opposed to the other kind of piano playing that she can do -- very full and two-fisted and not appropriate for what the Bossa Nova suggests.\\" ~ John Clayton ~    \\"Diana Krall was a piano student at a jazz camp when I first met her. I was working with Ray Brown at that time. I introduced her to Ray and told him that she's a great piano player on the rise. She was hungry for the music, which we always look for in students. She was naturally talented in terms of her groove and sound on the piano and her soloing was already at a pretty high level for her age.\\" ~ Jeff Hamilton ~    \\"In the album 'Quiet Nights,' there's this certain sense of maturity in Diana Krall that I noticed and she's probably unaware of. It's not that she reminds me of Peggy Lee. It's just that Peggy Lee, in the '50s and '60s, had a certain sense of maturity that happened to her at that point. And the vocals on that album -- they're just spectacular.\\" ~ Tommy LiPuma ~    Like \\"Quiet Nights,\\" this concert is not for ordinary music fans and viewers. In order to enjoy it, you should truly appreciate the musical marriage of Standards and Bossa Nova that is executed in utter elegance and sheer beauty.    I'm just about ready for my second viewing, are you?
0316044695|2.0|Once you get past the insults and propaganda this book is pretty good.  What the Navy SEALs go through during their training would make most professional athletes go crying home to mommy.  The book is put together well, good development of the story and very descriptive.  The author has a lot of hate for it seems everything and everyone in the Middle East, a lot like some of them having a lot of hate for us in the West.  I guess after seeing and experiencing the horrible things he went through it would be difficult no to hate.  The problem is, the hate interferes with the flow of the novel.      This book would be good if the author would have left out the unnecessary attacks on the \\"liberal media\\" or \\"lefties\\" as he calls them.  I am by no means a liberal, but his attacks seem to go against what the United States stands for... Tolerance of all people, religions, etc...    In fact, what the author fails to realize, is that he is not that much different from those he is fighting against.  Both sides believe HEAVILY in their particular God, both sides feel that they are in the \\"right\\", both sides would fight to the death to protect their families and ways of life.    We are all grateful for the courage and sacrifice that our soldiers give for our country and my heart goes out to all those whose lives have been destroyed by war on BOTH sides of the battlefield.     This is a good novel, but it had the potential to be a GREAT novel.
0307266303|5.0|I loved this book. As with most books, there were parts I could have skipped but didn't.  It gave me a view into a world I will never experience first hand.  It is a travel book, sport book, anthropology book and so much more.  I was sad to come to the end and have to leave the world the book created in my mind.  Thanks for the experience.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|When The Beatles split up for good back in 1970 I wondered what in the world would become of George.  While I enjoyed much of his work as lead guitarist with The Beatles  I was really not too sure that he could make it as a solo artist.  My doubts were quickly dispelled in the late fall of 1970 when Harrison released his epic 3 LP set \\"All Things Must Pass\\".  George Harrison's debut LP as a solo act was an immediate smash.  In the years that followed I found that much to my surprise George's work as a solo artist was by far the most interesting to me of all of the Fab Four.  Although there have been a couple of \\"Greatest Hits\\" collections issued over the years there has never really been a career overview of this multi-talented artist.  In 2009, Capitol records attempts to correct that oversight with the release of \\"Let It Roll:  The Songs of George Harrison\\".  This 19 track single disc collection presents the absolute cream of the crop of Harrison's work as a solo artist.  It is a terrific disc.<br /><br />Now as you might expect you will find most but not all of George's hit singles including his double sided debut single \\"My Sweet Lord\\" b/w \\"Isn't It A Pity\\"  that was released in late 1970.  The disc was a huge hit all over the world and quickly dispelled any doubts people had about George Harrison's viabilty as a solo act.  In the meantime  \\"All Things Must Pass\\" was also an unqualified success (according to RIAA this album has been certified 6x Platinum) and is considered by many to be one of the best albums made by any of the Beatles as a solo artist.  \\"Let It Roll\\" also includes a couple of more tracks from \\"All Things Must Pass\\" including \\"The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll) and one of my all-time favorite Harrison tunes \\"What Is Life\\".  On August 1, 1971, George got together with a number of his celebrity friends at Madison Square Garden in New York City in a benefit concert for the refugees in the South Asian country of Bangladesh.  This extraordinary concert was recorded for posterity and another 3 LP set was released later that same year.  \\"Let It Roll\\" includes 3 tracks from this unforgettable event including \\"Something\\", \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" and \\"Here Comes The Sun\\".  I had not heard these recordings in decades and had forgotten just how outstanding they were!  During the 1980's George continued to release albums and every once in a while would come up with a hit single.  Among these hits you will find \\"All Those Years Ago\\", \\"When We Was Fab\\" and the 1987 #1 hit \\"Got My Mind Set On You\\" included here.<br /><br />\\"Let It Roll\\" also includes a few lesser known tracks that I had never had the opportunity to hear before.  Most interesting among these is an instrumental called \\"Marwa Blues\\" that snagged a Grammy Award a number of years ago.<br />As it turns out there is simply no way that you can do justice to the remarkable solo career of George Harrison in a single disc collection.  Having said that \\"Let It Roll:  The Songs of George Harrison\\" is certainly a noble attempt to do just that.  The remastering job is superb and I appreciated the spendid 28 page booklet that was included.  It leaves you wanting to hear more!  Very highly recommended!ert was recorded for posterity and another 3 LP set was released later that same year.  \\"Let It Roll\\" includes 3 tracks from this unforgettable event including \\"Something\\", \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" and \\"Here Comes The Sun\\".  I had not heard these recordings in decades and had forgotten just how outstanding they were!  During the 1980's George continued to release albums and every once in a while would come up with a hit single.  Among these hits you will find \\"All Those Years Ago\\", \\"When We Was Fab\\" and the 1987 #1 hit \\"Got My Mind Set On You\\" included here.  \\"Let It Roll\\" also includes a few lesser known tracks that I had never had the opportunity to hear before.  Most interesting among these is an instrumental called \\"Marwa Blues\\" that snagged a Grammy Award a number of years ago.  As it turns out there is simply no way that you can do justice to the remarkable solo career of George Harrison in a single disc collection.  Having said that \\"Let It Roll:  The Songs of George Harrison\\" is certainly a noble attempt to do just that.  The remastering job is superb and I appreciated the spendid 28 page booklet that was included.  It leaves you wanting to hear more!  Very highly recommended!
B00133KDM8|2.0|I don't understand what all of the fuss is about. The split between Nightwish just filtered out all of the Tarja fans from the Nightwish fan-base.(This is actually the best thing for Nightwish). The Anette bashing gets redundantly shameful (people are too annoyingly bitter). Someone (Anette) has to be a scape-goat. The blame falls in the band, not the successor. For the music on the album, I find that you can get this style and formula from else-where. Nothing truely stands out. \\"Poison\\" was contemporary rock, B-side material. I'm sorry to have heard it. Congrats to Tarja, the spot-light is still on her and she finally got to sing the music written for her that she always wanted to sing.  This is pop-rock with extra musical elements that the staunch symphonic \\"metal-head\\" might consider a 'guilty pleasure\\".  I don't understand why the 'hero's and villains' concept influences people to like an album or artist over another one. To those who want a 'psuedo opera' singer to glorify, Tarja is the queen. But why not listen to the proclaimed leaders, like Sarah Brightman, or celtic music like Clannad?  She needs Nightwish more than it's realized or else the rock/celtic elements wouldn't reappear so effortlessly dumbed down. For her voice, YES! -she has a good singing voice but the hype is over-bearing.
B000OCXMAE|5.0|I luv this album, it's far their best works.  The band has grown and had adapt well with change.  The sound and feel of this album is somber, but with the tast of anger is within.  This album is very insightful of the band as also emotional.  Bleed it out, Shadow of the day, best ever.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I was facinated and thrilled by the first season of True Blood on DVD.  I had read all the 'Sookie Stackhouse' books written by Charlaine Harris and couldn't put them down.  When I watched the first season of True Blood, I was a little disturbed at first that it did not follow the books exactly as they were written.  After a couple episodes though, I was completely enthralled with the differences and amazed that the writters of the TV series could come up with material as original and creative as this.  Kudos to all those involved with True Blood!
B001TODCII|2.0|This is a strange move from the normally intellectual roles Neeson plays. He's the former super-spy-now-retired-and-reclusive divorced father who loves his daughter a whole lot. But then (duh-da!) she gets TAKEN.  This flick moves very very fast. Once you get past the first twenty minutes, the director kicks it into the stratosphere, and my word do the bodies pile high. Neeson intimidates, maims and kills every bad guy in his way. Taken has no use for its PG-13 rating: only the absence of blood and graphic violence keep this flick just barely from getting the R.   Take it for what it's worth, a simple fast and brutal film that's just as forgettable.
B00164KYV4|5.0|Is [[ASIN:B00164KYV4 He's Just Not That Into You]] a predictable chick flick, or does this movie have something important to say about contemporary relationships?<br /><br />You will probably have to decide that for yourself, but I found it watchable--I must have, because I saw it twice at the theatre, and I bought the DVD!--but then, that's me.  If I don't expect too much from a film, and if there is a cast of exceptional actors, then I will probably really enjoy it.<br /><br />Some of the reviews of this movie complained about the huge cast, but to me, it was kind of like a slice of real life--albeit singles life in the New Millennium--with a group of interconnected characters.  It was more than a series of vignettes, like you might have found in the old Robert Altman films, since the characters were all connected in some way (via a kind of six-degrees-of-separation fashion); furthermore, the same characters kept popping up often enough that you could actually follow their adventures, as they attempt to figure out the \\"rules\\" for singles life.<br /><br />Jennifer Aniston, Jennifer Connelly, Ben Affleck, Ginnifer Goodwin, Scarlett Johansson and Drew Barrymore are some of the major stars you'll find here.  They are fun to watch and bring out some interesting points about how men and women view relationships in very different ways.  Nothing new there!<br /><br />For these reasons, I decided to grant five stars to this flick.<br /><br />Laurel-Rain Snow
B0026OE2NY|5.0|Thank you, Home and the one who had the idea! For the knowledge, I love my Planet Earth...I give a 10 star if I can. with this documentary and others, about everything that lives in the Planet Earth have life. You will understand the cycle of life. Its show clears how the Human destroy my Planet, your Planet, his Planet... It's deep! It makes you think.
B001MYIXAW|2.0|First of all - let me say that this was my favorite film from 2008 and I saw well over 100 films from last year. It's an amazing movie that should be seen by everyone. It's also a shame that the correct version of this film is still unavailable.    It's truly inexcusable that nobody at Magnolia knows anything about when the proper version of Let the Right One In will be released. I don't understand why fans of the film are being put through such grueling torment just so they can pay money to see the correct translation.     The only reason to buy the current version is because of the quality of the film itself. Just beware that you will have to purchase it twice as there is no exchange policy and you will end up owning two versions.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|I bought it after seeing it on BBC and I recommended it to friend who also bought it.
0670020745|2.0|I have found the story of Dr. Taylor most interesting.  I experienced a stroke in 2006 in the left side of my body and have recovered quite well.  Though I went through much change primarily where I sensed helplessness and a certain dependency upon God when experiencing other losses (strength, less concern for the future, total dependency on others, some loss of memory, major fatigue, a fear of someone not helping me, I cannot recall the details experienced by the author and would question her ability to recall such details.  Is it possible that some mysticism was added to her experiences? Than comes the nonuniformity of a stroke making experiences unique.
B001TOD92C|5.0|I watched this last night. First, I have been a wrestling fan since the 60's. This movie is NOT about wrestling per se, but the the character Randy \\"The Ram\\" Robinson. It shows the downside of the business once a wrestler starts aging. They had no retirement benefitd nor health insurance and are taking in the small indepentdent circuits as well as part time work to survive. It particularly had meaning for me as I just went through what he went through 3 weeks ago. Over all not a good experience.<br />  Anyway, he continues on after having a Heart Attack, but out of wrestling. At least for awhile. I agree that this was Mickey Rourke's role, and he took it and ran with it. He was absolutely at his very best. Mariesa Tomei, showed she has the right stuff as well. All in all, it was wel written, well directed, and well acted.
B001KVZ6F2|3.0|Clint Eastwood directed, produced, and starred as Walt Kowalski in this drama about life and death in a changing America. He's more like his character type than ever before. Kowalski is a snarling Polish racist, bitter retired auto worker, and haunted Korean war veteran who despises the Hmong \\"swamp rats\\" who've moved into the dilapidated house next door. The film opens with two clashing cultural rituals--the church burial of Kowalski's wife, and the strange Hmong customs that welcome a new baby. The film ends with another funeral that we never expect, this one the result of a deliberately redemptive act. Early on we surmise that the gruff and grumbly Kowalski will be won over by his Hmong neighbors. But there's far more to the film, as Kowalski can't stand idly by and not help the Hmong negotiate their own cultural obstacles, namely, Hmong gang members who try to recruit their son Thao. Large portions of this film are explicitly religious as Kowalski experiences a dramatic conversion.
B001TODO54|3.0|I loved the strong characters in this book, even though the names are weird. I did have a little bit of an issue with the main character's attitude toward committed relationships, but I was willing to cut a little slack because every character has to have some weaknesses, right? I liked the plot twists and the gradual revelations about how \\"graces\\" work, but the ending seemed a bit abrupt. All in all, I thought it was worth reading.
B000NVIGC0|5.0|This item was in perfect condition when i received it; just as the description said it would be.
B0013D8LCW|5.0|I wasnt sure about ordering this film but the previopus reviews caught my attention. I really enjoyed the film. Engaging actors that you really care about. A story line that is true to life and lets you relate to things that happened in your own life and decisions that you made. An enjoyable evenings watching!
B000JMKQX0|2.0|I'm not a lit snob.  I can enjoy King and Grisham just as much as I can enjoy Hemingway and Steinbeck.  If it's engaging and well written, the subject matter and writing style are background concerns.  And I love zombies!  I liked Brooks' Survival Guide!    But this...    World War Z is obviously painfully well researched.  Everything in it makes sense and is backed up by fact and historical reference where necessary.  But the writing style and dialogue -- hoo, boy.  Everyone sounds the same. So wooden and 'scripted'...like an infomercial.  Some of the dialogue was excruciating.    I know \\"show, don't tell\\" is primarily a film rule, but exposition in fiction can also be a big problem.  There are right ways to do it, and wrong ways.  Unfortunately, this was the wrong way.  Just because you're interviewing somebody, doesn't mean you can get a melodramatic matter-of-fact recollection out of everyone.  And that's what this was.    Infomercial.  That's really what it felt like to me.  When I was done, I knew every little detail of the Zombie War -- I just didn't care about it or any of the people talking to me.  They may as well have been trying to explain to me the way a tooth whitening system works.    Two stars for research and imagination.  Unfortunately, I don't think Brooks is a very good fiction writer at all.  I know this and ZSG are meant to be faux-textbooks, but they're still fiction underneath.  And whereas ZSG could be forgiven for wooden writing due to the presentation of the work, you can't make the same allowance when characters are introduced and giving a supposedly real interview.    I just wonder how this book would have presented in the hands of a more literate and talented writer.  Like Cormac McCarthy or even a technical minded and reasonably talented author like Tom Clancy.
0131103628|5.0|This is it.  This is *THE* book for the C language.  Whether you are new to the language or have been using it for years and simply need a desk reference, this book is clean, concise, and contains everything you'll need.  Aside from the first half of the book which outlines the details of the language in a tutorial style, I find the back half of the book most useful.  This includes the detailed outline of the C standard libraries as well as the entire standard for the C language.  Unlike many other programming language guides I have read, this book does a very good job of staying compiler- and system-neutral.  This book still retains the honor of being the only book I have literally used so much that I have worn out the pages and binding and have had to buy a second copy.
B00280LYHS|5.0|its a great book with a good plot and plenty of twists. it will keep you at the edge of your seat the entire time and riordan introduces new monsters
B001U0HBPG|4.0|The Curious Case of Benjamin Button combines an intriguing story, excellent acting, and first-rate special effects, but, ultimately, it suffers from the weakness of its framing device -- a woman reading her dying mother's journal in New Orleans, just before Hurricane Katrina makes landfall.<br /><br />The plot is relatively well-known by now:  Benjamin Button (Brad Pitt) is born a wrinkled, arthritic old man who, over time, grows younger as everyone he knows gets older.  Abandoned by his father, Benjamin is raised by  Queenie (Taraji Henson, in a memorable performance), a black servant who takes pity on him, then truly becomes his mother. Benjamin falls in love with Daisy (first Elle Fanning, then Cate Blanchett) and lives an extraordinary varied life, largely through happenstance, much like Forrest Gump.  The frame of the story, with Julia Ormond as Caroline at her dying mother Daisy's bedside, rarely gets mentioned since its effectiveness lags except to drive home the themes of the story:  it's never too late to make something of yourself, that you must grasp the opportunities you have while you can; that life and time are fleeting.  The problem is that the fairy-tale like story of Benjamin Button seems grossly out of place in the midst of a recent current event.  The backdrop of New Orleans and the approaching hurricane seems a forced attempt to get the viewer to embrace this story as true, when instead it detracts from it.<br /><br />Despite its flaws, The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is well worth seeing, if for no other reason than for its unconventional story line and the acting that supports it.  In a time when so many films seem like a rehash of what has been done before, this one offers a refreshing change.
B0024F08RO|5.0|there are rumors that michael scofield was actually company, rumors which if true demand an entire reassessment (and i daresay re-watching) of prison break.  essentially there are those saying that, first of all, michael could never have pulled off what he did if he were not company.  furthermore, it has been suggested that michael, in what might be called a \\"junior-executive position\\" at the company, was chafing under the general's authority.  far too smart for the general, michael was eager to take the company in a post-cold war direction.  furthermore, it is said that michael sensed the urgency of separating the company from what he emphatically saw as a sinking u.s. ship and allying it with what he referred to as \\"eurasian capital.\\" indeed, there is rumored to be a scene cut from prison break which has michael red-faced, pacing the floor in his company office (this precedes, of course, the events of prison break), pounding his fist & saying, \\"the  global economy is a house of cards, the u.s. economy - a ponzi scheme!\\"  what i've heard, sadly, is that michael had every intention of killing link & pressing lj into the service of the latin american coke cartels.  this also explains scofield's teaming up with kellerman, who of course showed his true colors when he tortured sarah tancretti, almost drowning her in the bathtub.  in fact, kellerman's plan was to off sarah once the \\"company coup\\" was complete, but in michael's defense, he had developed something of an affection for sarah, in spite of himself (he called it a weakness).  thus, rather than killing sarah, he faked his death (the nosebleeds and \\"surgery\\" were all a ruse), & left the united states.  he now divides his time between zurich and beijing.      if all this is true, and frankly i don't see how it could not be, then i'm afraid that we've been subjected to a heavily censored, edited, and redacted version of actual events.  i'm told that there are literally thousands of hours of prison break episodes that have never been (and, sadly, probably never will be) released to the public.  these episodes have been hidden safely away (at least michael hopes they're safe) in a heavily guarded black box, a box known as scylla.  how to find scylla?  there are clues, i'm told, hidden away in the most unlikely places in the existing copies of prison break, those actually available to the public.  in fact, many of the people killed during the series apparently met their fates in a desperate attempt to leave us these clues.      we thus have no other choice but to watch prison break once more.  no - dare i say it?  to watch it for the very first time.  to watch it, from the very beginning, as the commencement of our quest for scylla.  we must avenge the death of lincoln, and rescue lj from the druglords.  sarah tancretti must be informed, and she may be of help.  this may well take years, and quite possibly can only end in a battle to the death between michael scofield and his son, a battle which will not only be waged for scylla, but for the very soul of the universe.  scylla!!! the quest has not ended.  in fact, it has just begun.
B001GCUO1Q|5.0|I'm not the first person to review this movie, and I'm certain I won't be the last. I WILL stand with many of the other reviewers who encourage a more \\"balanced\\" perspective of the film, and not the \\"berzerker-rage\\" perspective which some reviewers have offered.    ENERGY & ESSENCE:  My review of the movie can be summarized in the headline of this review. Hugh Jackman's fourth performance as Logan truly is \\"The Best There Is.\\" Whether it is because the movie's purpose is to focus solely on Logan, or because Hugh has evolved as an actor, or because Hugh has grown closer to the character. Jackman captures the full emotional bandwidth of the character. The pathos, the irony. the overwhelming sense of loss that comes with over 100 years of life on the planet. Part of Logan's appeal as a character has been that he is always seeking to become more than what he is. \\"Gifted\\" with \\"powers and abilities far beyond those of mortal men,\\" he sees himself as an animal \\"less than human.\\" A Samurai without a master, who sees himself as a \\"failed samurai,\\" etc... The movie, and Jackman's naturally-enhanced physique and dramatic performance perfectly captures all of that ENERGY of the character.    Throughout the movie, Logan is surrounded by people who see either the \\"light\\" or the \\"dark\\" in him, and as such, the character is continually pulled in different directions, and tested, and as a result - grows. Whether it is the father who raised him - who sees the best in him, or later in life Kayla Silverfox, who acts as a guiding moral beacon to Logan, reminding him over and over that \\"he is not an animal.\\" They are (unfortunately) outnumbered by those who see the \\"dark\\" in him, including his mother, Victor and Stryker - the latter two who continually seek to exploit Logan's dark side to fulfill their own purposes. And Logan himself finds out that focusing too much on his dark side usually results in him paying a price of some sort.    PULSING & PUMPING THEMES:  Someone once said thata great musical score can elevate a move to \\"the next level.\\" Part of what DRIVES this \\"testosterone-filled\\" film is the music. It reaches its successful goal elegantly, and \\"dovetails\\" perfectly with the on-screen action, supporting it without overpowering it, or drawing disproportionate attention to itself. There is a solid foundation of pulsing rhythms that are tribal in nature. However, much like Logan himself, the music combines the base primal urges with aspirational tones. A mix of classical and contemporary instruments help give certain tracks a nice sharp \\"edge.\\"    Some characters have their own unique \\"themes\\" yet even these often have a \\"hook\\" of familiar notes/chords which remind us that these characters all reflect different facets of Logan himself. This often subtle \\"echo\\" also helps the entire soundtrack hold together as one cohesive entity.    All-in-all - Harry Gregson-Williams' score reflects the pure masculine energy of the character - both his \\"light\\" and \\"dark\\" sides as he grows against challenges - internal and external.  [[ASIN:B0020H46WE X-Men Origins: Wolverine]]    CONTRIVANCES - \\"Marvelwood\\" & \\"Hollywood\\":  I have seen the film in the theatre more than once. The first time I viewed the film, I felt there were elements that were very contrived.  Immediately after that viewing, I went to my \\"LCS\\" (local comic shop) to fill in some of the \\"gaps\\" in my knowledge of Logan's published history in the past twenty years. In anticipation of the film, Marvel Comics published  a comic called \\"Wolverine: Weapon X Files\\" - which is an inexpensive \\"encyclopedia\\" listing the chronological history of Logan and his supporting cast.    The truth of the matter is that the published history of Logan has been \\"retconned\\" to be a LOT more contrived and convoluted than this film was (I mean, \\"Romulus\\" ? \\"The Lupine Sect\\" ? \\"Death\\" ? \\"Shogun\\" ? \\"Daken\\" ? \\"Elektra\\" ? and of course - \\"more,\\" come on...) The filmmakers (including Jackman) did a VERY fine job of \\"stripping away\\" some of those cumbersome contrivances in order to more clearly communicate the pure ESSENCE of the character and his driving forces, as clearly defined years ago by Claremont, Byrne, Miller and Smith.  [[ASIN:0785137246 Wolverine]]  [[ASIN:0785137262 Weapon X (Wolverine)]]    If the film had slavishly followed the published history of the character for the past 20 years, as some reviewers had wished for, here's what would have happened:  - A small \\"comic-fan-boy\\" percentage of movie goers would have been orgasmically excited  - The larger percentage of movie goers would have been left scratching their heads  - All movie goers would have been spending too much time \\"in their head\\" and not in their \\"emotional heart,\\" leaving the same cerebral feeling that \\"Watchmen\\" did.  - A shorter run in theaters (it's on its eighth week as of this writing), and less revenue  - Shorter Run + Less Revenue = Less Demand for Additional Movies  - Most Importantly - the primal feeling, passion, conflict and ENERGY of Logan would have been lost.    - No, in reality, Victor is NOT Logan's brother, or even half-brother  (but, he's also not his father either. That was a red herring for years in the comics)  - No, Cyclops never met Logan before the X-Men  - No, Logan never met Gambit before the X-Men   - No, The Blob nor Deadpool were ever part of Team X  - No, Stryker was not associated with Weapon X (but then again, he was never a General either...)  - No, Logan's memory was not erased with a \\"really-well-placed-bullet\\" to the head    However - all of these \\"adjustments\\" are less contrived than some of the \\"retcons\\" in the comics these days, and may be acceptable \\"prices to pay\\" since they made the FILM work better as a representational, cohesive whole, easier to follow for the majority of viewers, and fulfill it's Ultimate Purpose as a vehicle for the character of Logan / Wolverine.    IN (*SNIKT !*) SUMMARY:  \\"X-Men Origins: Wolverine\\" strongly succeeds in conveying the pure\\"testosterone-filled\\" masculine energy of the character, and the overall essence of the character - his conflicted journey as he strives to become more than what he has been, and some of the key emotional relationships in his past. The filmmakers have wisely chosen to streamline 20+ years of needless published exposition & contrivances - in order to focus on the strong CORE of the character, which is what has \\"hooked\\" readers and moviegoers for the past 34 years    Logan / Wolverine is not the \\"deepest\\" or \\"most profound\\" character ever to grace the printed page, or the cinema screen. The essence of the character is primal, direct, but never simple or two-dimensional. But, in the words of the fictional character himself, in his niche, he is \\"the best there is at what he does.\\" And more importantly, so is the Driving Force behind this film: Hugh Jackman.    WARNING: If you are a continuity-obsessed-fanboy, this film may cause anxiety, elevated blood-pressure, and in some cases hemorrhaging.    * NOTE: This is a review of the movie, as seen in theaters. As of this writing, the DVD has not yet been released. As such, I have no comments on the package design, DVD extras, etc...
B0002ZDVEU|4.0|This second installment in the Bourne series picks up where the first one leaves off and does so in a very entertaining fashion.<br /><br />It begins a couple of years after the first movie and finds Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) living with his lover Maria (Frank Potente) in India.  He is framed for the murder of a CIA agent and someone makes an attempt on his life.  These events set the action in motion and it never slows down after that.<br /><br />The story goes from India across Europe and also has action in Russia.  Bourne is a very efficient operator and makes life very dangerous for those who are gunning for him.  As the plot unfolds, he keeps regaining parts of his memory.<br /><br />Anyone who liked the Bourne Identity should love this one.  It is a better thriller and will keep viewers on the edge of their seats.  I enjoyed it a lot.
B002BIULQ2|5.0|i've seen it already in theaters and now on dvd that will be awesome i cant wait to buy it :)
B0000797IO|3.0|The Good Girl / B0000797IO<br /><br />Although I wasn't certain if I'd like \\"The Good Girl\\", I definitely felt a resonance with Aniston's character Justine, as she struggles with being stuck seemingly indefinitely in a rut of existential angst. This sort of modern existential angst of being stuck in a life that you didn't intend to choose, of having missed opportunities for something more or better (education, work, or spouse), and of never seeing any end or change in sight is something that many people recognize and can identify with, particularly anyone who has worked at a low-level, minimum-wage, customer service type position.<br /><br />Whereas movies like [[ASIN:B000LC3ICE Employee of the Month]] make light of this angst as the characters maintain sanity by choosing to not take life too seriously, \\"The Good Girl\\" hits closer to home by emphasizing that, for many people, this way of life is a matter of survival, not of frivolity. Indeed, Justine would fit in easily in [[ASIN:0805088385 Nickel and Dimed]], as she struggles to work up the energy through her depression to come to work every day, because the money isn't going to come in from anywhere else - certainly not from her frequently-stoned, unreliable oaf of a husband. Out of desperation and boredom, Justine agrees to an affair with younger co-worker \\"Holden\\" (self-named for the main character in [[ASIN:0316769177 The Catcher in the Rye]]), who not-so-subtly begins to spiral into madness like his unfortunate namesake.<br /><br />Here is where the movie gets full points for sheer realism. Justine realizes that there is no bright, explosive, happy ending waiting for her and Holden. They are not Bonnie and Clyde, and even while Justine may passionately dream of living a different life as someone else, somewhere else, she recognizes with the maturity of her years that life just doesn't work that way. Holden burns out with the ferocity of youth and Justine returns, resigned and likely still depressed, to her life of drudgery, only slightly relieved by the knowledge that her husband is as depressed with life as herself and not a 'mindless cow'.<br /><br />Though I felt this movie was a realistic portrayal of modern existential angst and disillusionment, and though I appreciated the movie for espousing the sad truth that Justine really *is* trapped in her situation, or at least one very like it even if she moved away from that particular town, job, and husband, I can't say that I \\"enjoyed\\" the movie in the strictest sense of the word. I appreciate harsh truths and painful realities, and the courage it took to convey them in this well acted, carefully produced movie, but I can't imagine ever wanting to sit down and watch it again and it certainly isn't a cheerful movie by any stretch. I would definitely recommend that everyone see this movie once, but I wouldn't expect anyone to want to see it again. Sometimes the truth just hurts too much.<br /><br />~ Ana Mardollghtly relieved by the knowledge that her husband is as depressed with life as herself and not a 'mindless cow'.    Though I felt this movie was a realistic portrayal of modern existential angst and disillusionment, and though I appreciated the movie for espousing the sad truth that Justine really *is* trapped in her situation, or at least one very like it even if she moved away from that particular town, job, and husband, I can't say that I \\"enjoyed\\" the movie in the strictest sense of the word. I appreciate harsh truths and painful realities, and the courage it took to convey them in this well acted, carefully produced movie, but I can't imagine ever wanting to sit down and watch it again and it certainly isn't a cheerful movie by any stretch. I would definitely recommend that everyone see this movie once, but I wouldn't expect anyone to want to see it again. Sometimes the truth just hurts too much.    ~ Ana Mardoll
B001CO42MU|4.0|All my items came on time...In regards to the movie I liked the story line.  I was a little lost at first, but once it got started it really had me going.  The ending is what really makes you say \\"that was pretty good\\".  Worth the buy.  Don't know how it got by without me knowing more about it.
B000WMFZMY|4.0|Exellent ordering system and arrived earlier than expected. Will use again. Move was exellent. I had not seen it but heard a lot about it. Very worthwhile movie to watch.
0375760067|4.0|\\"The Mayor Of Casterbridge\\" captures a lot of what makes Thomas Hardy resonate with people today: hard existential truths playing out amid pastoral splendor; naturalistic descriptions of fantastic events; an agnostic worldview that centers around a sense of Christian guilt and loss. The countercurrents create a lot of creative tension.<br /><br />But what makes \\"The Mayor Of Casterbridge\\" so powerful more than a century after its 1886 publication is its multifaceted, emotionally conflicted depiction of the central character. Like King Lear and Ibsen's Solness the Master Builder, Hardy's Michael Henchard has no one but himself to blame for most of the misery that befalls him. Still he compels sympathy and a growing sense of investment from the reader.<br /><br />We meet him, in one of the all-time great openings of noveldom, selling off his timid wife and child in a fit of rum-tinged pique. He regrets this almost immediately, but fails to relocate them. Instead, he swears off liquor and remakes himself years later as a prosperous leader in a town he chances upon in his travels, Casterbridge.<br /><br />Alas the dark spikes of his id are never far from the surface, especially after his wife and her daughter come to Casterbridge. \\"Though under a long reign of self-control he had become Mayor and churchwarden and whatnot, there was still the same unruly volcanic stuff beneath the rind of Michael Henchard as when he had sold his wife at Weydon Fair,\\" Hardy writes.<br /><br />Henchard is a portrait in grayscale, nothing too black or white. In one scene, Hardy shows him mercilessly humiliating a lazy farmhand, then tells us Henchard keeps the farmhand's mother stocked with coal in winter. When the wife returns, Henchard has a romance brewing but puts it aside to do right by the woman he wronged. He's definitely not happy about it, and prone to self-pity and lashing out, but Hardy's intuitive narration keeps you identifying with Henchard, never leading you too far from his point of view.<br /><br />For a character study the story moves fast, even if the prose style is ornate. Hardy's descriptive abilities are on constant display, with scenic rides through the country. There's much local Wessex color (Hardy's own quasi-mythical kingdom, where most of his novels are set) and a chorus of memorable townspeople, like a fellow whose theft of coins from the eyes of a corpse is excused thus: \\"Money is scarce, and throats get dry. Why should death rob life o' four pence?\\"<br /><br />Death is omnipresent in \\"Mayor Of Casterbridge\\", but Hardy justifies the novel's gloomy tone with a memorably powerful, courageously bleak conclusion. \\"Casterbridge's\\" greatness lies at its two ends. In between, the story keeps your interest but keeps hitting the same notes, with some sketchy melodrama and improbable coincidences amid brighter moments. Hardy even gets maudlin with a dead goldfinch metaphor.<br /><br />Most problematic of all is the absence of interest in the main characters beyond Henchard. Except for a jilted lover who forces her way back into Henchard's life with minxish self-possession, they are an entirely boring crew, existing only to be contrasted with Henchard's more forceful personality.<br /><br />\\"Casterbridge\\" may leave you wishing you chose something else to read in a lighter vein, say \\"The Painted Bird\\" or \\"The Bell Jar\\". But it's worth reading for that same emotional toll, a reminder of life's harder truths that may leave you sad but perhaps a bit more conscious of the truth behind the line: \\"There but for the Grace of God go I.\\"er study the story moves fast, even if the prose style is ornate. Hardy's descriptive abilities are on constant display, with scenic rides through the country. There's much local Wessex color (Hardy's own quasi-mythical kingdom, where most of his novels are set) and a chorus of memorable townspeople, like a fellow whose theft of coins from the eyes of a corpse is excused thus: \\"Money is scarce, and throats get dry. Why should death rob life o' four pence?\\"    Death is omnipresent in \\"Mayor Of Casterbridge\\", but Hardy justifies the novel's gloomy tone with a memorably powerful, courageously bleak conclusion. \\"Casterbridge's\\" greatness lies at its two ends. In between, the story keeps your interest but keeps hitting the same notes, with some sketchy melodrama and improbable coincidences amid brighter moments. Hardy even gets maudlin with a dead goldfinch metaphor.    Most problematic of all is the absence of interest in the main characters beyond Henchard. Except for a jilted lover who forces her way back into Henchard's life with minxish self-possession, they are an entirely boring crew, existing only to be contrasted with Henchard's more forceful personality.    \\"Casterbridge\\" may leave you wishing you chose something else to read in a lighter vein, say \\"The Painted Bird\\" or \\"The Bell Jar\\". But it's worth reading for that same emotional toll, a reminder of life's harder truths that may leave you sad but perhaps a bit more conscious of the truth behind the line: \\"There but for the Grace of God go I.\\"
0712657592|5.0|If you have ever played sports and time just stood still you have experienced FLOW. When you are at work and have the right amount of challenges and it takes a high degree of skill you have experienced FLOW. Flow is found when there is a focus on goals that are clear and compatible; when the heart, will and mind are all in alignment all the while you must also be getting immediate feedback on the actions.<br /><br />Csikszentmihalyi, does a fabulous job of helping the reader understand flow but more importantly show the reader how to obtain it. There are many areas in our environment that prevent us from obtaining FLOW and Csikszentmihalyi also provides the reader an understanding of what they are and how to navigate around them.<br /><br />This is a short read - pick it up in NY and have it finished by the time you hit LAX if not sooner. [[ASIN:0712657592 Flow: The Classic Work on How to Achieve Happiness]]
091581112X|3.0|I purchased this book awhile ago and the reading was good.  The material arrived on time, in good condition.  It will be read over and over.
0316017922|3.0|Malcolm Gladwell knows how to tell a good story, but his books (Blink, The Tipping Point, and Outliers) make me a bit impatient. \\"Get to the point,\\" I want to tell him.<br /><br />In Outliers, Gladwell's point is this: Those on far edges of the bell curve-either the far right (totally at the top end of their profession, like Bill Gates and the Beatles) or the far left (totally at the tragic end of the curve like Korean Airlines, who own one of the worst crash records)-are largely the product of their cultures, advantages, and opportunities. Skill and intelligence, in other words, may not be the primary drivers of success.<br /><br />Gladwell notes that Bill Gates grew up in an upper-class community, and his school was one of the few to have a computer terminal. Gates and others who, at that age and time, had similar access to computers dominate the technology industry today. With the Beatles, it's more of a case that practice makes perfect. They had an opportunity to play as a group together more than 1100 times in public before becoming famous-far more audience exposure than most entertainers get in an entire career.<br /><br />Being the right age as the world is entering a new phase of development can be your lottery ticket to huge success, according to Gladwell. You have to be old enough to take advantage of the innovation and not so old that the risk of jumping-in seems perilous.<br /><br />In The Black Swan: the Impact of the Highly Improbable, Nassim Nicholas Taleb would have us believe that the only thing that is certain is that the unpredictable will happen, so it may be too early to say that the Green Movement will be the next success-maker, but I think it shows some promise.<br /><br />Outliers and The Black Swan-like Freakonomics and Made to Stick-rely on systems thinking (without calling it that), cognitive bias, and empirical skepticism to draw conclusions about why things are not as they may first appear.<br /><br />If you like good storytelling, you will definitely enjoy Outliers, but if you're looking for more take-away points per page, you may wind up skimming some of it.[[ASIN:0316017922 Outliers: The Story of Success]]u're looking for more take-away points per page, you may wind up skimming some of it.[[ASIN:0316017922 Outliers: The Story of Success]]
B0026S98TS|5.0|With so many metal bands this decade that have no originality \\"The Devil You Know\\" was a great surprise. I was expecting a live album when I heard of the new Heaven and Hell album. I bought my first Black Sabbath album years ago and never thought anybody could replace Ozzy, but on \\"The Devil You Know\\" I would rather have Dio than Ozzy. Surprising, isn't it? But, once again Tony Iommi shows why he's the master of the heavy riff. He plays like he's still 20 on this album. Oh, and what's this I hear, bass lines? Yes, there are actually bass lines on this album! I can't tell you the last time I heard bass lines on a heavy metal album. The drumming was the worst part of the album but was still spectacular. The point is, if you like heavy riffs, amazing vocals, and bass lines in an amazing heavy metal release, Heaven and Hell made this album for you.
B001KZIRL8|5.0|I love this film.  I saw it first as a rental and immediately purchased it.  I have viewed it an additional 3 times since.  Peope try to label this film but that is something you can't do.  It is a film that while following the lives of many people educates the viewer on why guys do what they do when dating.  Many say this is definitely not a date movie.  I totally disagree.  Unless you have tried some of the antics in the film on the date you are with you will share many laughs at what people go through when dating.<br /><br />The first thing I did find I had to adjust to was not only all the characters lives intersecting in some way but also the fact that every character was a big name star.  After getting over that and then seeing the characters for who they were it was smooth sailing.  I thought the film did an amazing job of making six separate storylines intertwine and be believable, not forced or over the top.  The main story that all flows from is the storyline between Ginnifer Goodwin and Justin Long.  They both shine and keep the film anchored.  I also found the storyline between Jennifer Aniston and Ben Affleck very touching.  It was a very real situation that many couples face.  Jennifer Aniston brought an amazing depth to her role and made me scream for her to finally get the ideal role that would show all her potential.<br /><br />Viewers will have their favorite storylines and favorite characters based on which stars they like and also which situations they may have faced in their own lives.  I thought each actor was given great moments to shine both dramatically and comicly.  Jennifer Connelly is a hoot with her obsession over cigarettes and Drew Barrymore is charming.  Bottom line for me, this film is a very witty intelligent story that educates on dating in the current age.  The writing and direction is superb and provides the actors firm ground to soar.  This movie made me laugh.  This movie made me tear up as well and I am a 46 year old guy.  Could this be a date movie?  You bet.<br /><br />And the blu ray version is a feast for the eyes.  The 1080p high def picture is so crystal clear and vibrant.  Colors are crisp and flesh tones perfection.  There is no grain and the picture is just as detailed in the day and night scenes.  As for the audio, this is a dialogue driven film and the audio presentation works perfectly.<br /><br />This movie is a treat.  It is so nice to see an intelligent comedy for a change and you will love seeing your favorite stars have a ball with the script.  You will also discover some new favorite stars.  For me I had no idea who Bradley Cooper was.  I was thinking this guy was great with nice comedic timing and then he is suddenly out there with THE HANGOVER and becoming a true star.  He does great work here too.<br /><br />I highly recommend this film.  If you are a player then you engage in these realistic antics and the film will bug you.  But for everyone else it is a feel good film that will touch your heart.ld this be a date movie?  You bet.<br /><br />And the blu ray version is a feast for the eyes.  The 1080p high def picture is so crystal clear and vibrant.  Colors are crisp and flesh tones perfection.  There is no grain and the picture is just as detailed in the day and night scenes.  As for the audio, this is a dialogue driven film and the audio presentation works perfectly.<br /><br />This movie is a treat.  It is so nice to see an intelligent comedy for a change and you will love seeing your favorite stars have a ball with the script.  You will also discover some new favorite stars.  For me I had no idea who Bradley Cooper was.  I was thinking this guy was great with nice comedic timing and then he is suddenly out there with THE HANGOVER and becoming a true star.  He does great work here too.<br /><br />I highly recommend this film.  If you are a player then you engage in these realistic antics and the film will bug you.  But for everyone else it is a feel good film that will touch your heart.
B001AQT0RC|4.0|AH-WE ARE IN A DEPRESSION-NO MATTER HOW THEY SUGAR COAT IT-AND IT MAY GET WORSE-sales of ALL discs are dropping  fast-so naturally WARNER pulls a trick that should have some heads rolling: a new exclusive BR transfer of CONTACT-since this probably has been in preprodution for 6 months to a year-not only are they going to sell QUITE a few less BR discs than they had hopes for-but the hundreds of thousands (millions?) of S-DVDs they could have sold-or more --idiots -after all there are still 50-100 million  S-DVD players out there and-maybe 5 million BR if that (guess)   I expect sales of BR will come to a grinding halt and then drop-the difference-with 50-odd  million S DVD players out there-dropping sales still leave enough revenue to be hugely profitable: padding with no capital expenditure-the stampers have paid for themselves by now-PURE PROFIT.  A drop in revenue from the relatively few BR players means the format will take quite a hit-they are still being sold below cost to get the format moving on top of that=remember how DVDs were practically being given away back in 1997/98?  Same here with BR  And WHV just kissed millions in S-DVD profits goodbye-IN THIS ECONOMY!  Mindboggling  -HEADS WILL ROLL AT WHV  I have to smile
0762434279|3.0|Item shipped timely and received in great condition.  Book was only about 2\\"X 2\\".  Expected a larger version.
B000AAF1U4|5.0|The Emperor's New Groove (2000) is a unique Disney film. Instead of being a musical like The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, or Aladdin, it's a straight-up comedy. The great thing about it is that the jokes not only make kids giggle, but will keep adults howling with laughter as well.     The story is about a spoiled, cynical, and completely self-absorbed young emperor named Kuzco (David Spade). Kuszo plans to build a private amusement park (for himself, of course). Building the park requires demolishing an entire hillside village. When he meets with the village leader called Pacha (John Goodman) to tell him the \\"good news\\", Pacha objects, but is quickly silenced. Meanwhile, Kuzko fires his scheming adviser Yzma (Eartha Kitt) for trying to take over the kingdom. Yzma devises her revenge by planning to poison Kuzko with the help of her not-so-bright assistant Kronk (Patrick Warburton). Unfortunately for Yzma, she faces a minor setback because the poison is really a potion that transforms Kuzko into a llama. Krunk unsuccessfully tries to dispose of Kuzko and the emperor soon ends up with Pacha. After returning to Pacha's village, Pacha agrees to take Kuzko home on the condition that the emperor turns over a new leaf.     The moral of the story should be obvious to adults, but the film's message does not try to slow down its fast-paced humor. The fact that this film is just as entertaining for kids as it is for adults makes it very worthwhile to watch. Although not of the same caliber of some of the aforementioned Disney masterpieces, it is classic in its own particular way.
B001EO748M|5.0|When will the 3rd season be released? This is one of the best period series I have seen in a long time.The acting is superb,costumes fantastic & scenery is stunning.Of course it does help that it is one of my favourite times in history.
0140072187|5.0|I'm a former Navy helicopter pilot and I read Chickenhawk the first time while I was on active duty in the mid-1980s.  It's a great war story for anyone, but for a helicopter pilot with some time in the Huey, I felt like I was in the cockpit with the author.  I also learned some things about handling a helicopter in Robert Mason's book that I wish I'd learned in flight school -- it made me a better, safer pilot.  Now twenty years later, I've reread the book, and it is just as exciting and hard to put down as it ever was.  If you'd like to read a great war story, this is it.  Even better if you've ever flown a helicopter or have an interest in them.  Keep your turns up!
B0024F08RO|1.0|Come on! I can´t belive that Fox do that!!!Latin Market is a great market!This is the First time they do that! You make it with the wrong series!
B000LC4CVA|5.0|*First off, Im a girl using my uncle's account*  This DVD is sooo great!!! :D  Im only a 15 year old girl and I think the Celtic Woman are AWESOME!!!  Everything in this show is wonderful, the angelic voices, the setting, talented violinist Máiréad Nesbitt!! (she is like a little pixie who brings spirit to the show)  If you're looking for some good music and want to hear something new....Buy this DVD!!  2 thumbs up!!
0714843377|2.0|I just finished Mr. Arden's book, more than a little disappointed. If you want to learn how to be the stereotypical salesperson or clichéd artist (pushy, obnoxious, egocentric, insensitive, etc.) then this is the book for you. If you're going for anything else I would steer clear. It's not that there aren't any good ideas about creativity presented in the book; it's just that you have to cut through the ego and the author's abrasive style to pick any of them up.     It is quite apparent (even in the title) that Mr. Arden thinks highly of himself and his ideas. The book seems to have been written as a way of convincing you of this, rather than as a guide to help you become a better person. Some of the information presented, especially his parting comments about religion, have nothing to do with \\"being good\\" or even about being more creative, but seem to serve as little more than his attempt to persuade you that you're wrong and he ultimately has all the answers.     He states in the book that he's been fired five times, and in his view each time has been a positive. Having read the book, I think I understand why he was fired...and I'd really like to hear from the companies to see if they thought each one was positive! If you're really interested in creativity, growth, and/or inspiration, you should really check out Ideaspotting by Sam Harrison. Mr. Harrison hits the nail on the head. Mr. Arden simply places the nail on the piece of wood and tells you it's been hit, expecting you to believe it because he said so.
B000K7VHQE|4.0|This movie was not quite what we expected and started out rather strangely, but was pretty funny and kind of cute.  Was worth the money.  Glad we bought it.  Would do so again.
0739476475|3.0|When I first started reading this book, I found it somewhat confusing.  It probably took me one-fourth of the book to really get into the plot and the unusual language.<br /><br />By the time I was half-way through the book, I was hooked!  It is very different from anything else I have ever read and very different from previous Stephen King books that I had read years ago.  But, all in all it was an enjoyable read and I am glad that I waded through the first part of the book to the point that I could follow what was going on.<br /><br />Although part of this book might be considered horror, it is primarily what I would consider fantasy.  Like all of King's book it is quite long, but hey, I like a good, long book.<br /><br />Larry E. Matthews
B0019T9FL6|2.0|We like Jennifer Hudson's voice.  We liked the first song or two on this CD.  They went mostly downhill from there.  Listening to the song samples, we expected something better.  I guess 30 seconds per song wasn't enough to get an accurate feel for this album.  Hope the future ones are better.  Would not purchase again.
0385338732|5.0|There have been many novels (and movies also) where people lose time and find themselves in a different body and/or a different person, but few are as fun as remember Me?      This time a woman wakes up three years after she lasts recalls being herself and is an entirely different person physically and her life has radically changed and seems rather perfect, or so it seems.  She then begins to find and out and understand a bit more about the apparent perfection.      Highly entertaining and humorous novel that is perfect Chic Lit reading that is very enjoyable to read when you just need a break.      Highly recommended.
B001DTPZNY|4.0|Great end to the saga...or is there more?  Watch the ending, what do you think?  While we enjoyed the movie, it is not quite up to past Indy movies, but what can you expect after all this time?  It was worth watching and it was great to see and hear Harrison Ford again, with his still penetrating eyes and sultry voice.  He gets better with age.  I love him! (Shh, don't tell my spouse!)  My spouse liked the action scenes.  Would buy again.
B001EL23PO|5.0|This album surprised the heck out of me.  As soon as My Will Be Done shows its true nature, about 25 seconds into the song, the sheer gravity of this work of art will crush you with its pure heavy metal, and if you weren't a fan, to quote Yoda, \\"You will be.\\"  And I was.  But it doesn't stop there.  Hail The Shrine, and Crow Killer keep the brutal mix of thrash and hardcore, with just a touch of death and melodic metal, going at full speed.  I haven't heard much of Unearth's other music, but if it is anywhere near as good as this album, they are one of my new favorite bands.     \\"Metalcore\\" has always been something I have had a hard time getting used to, being a diehard fan of thrash, power, and melodic death.  But over the past few years bands such as Unearth, along with ATR, Chimaira, and Shadows Fall have done a good job repairing the genre after acts like Bullet 4 my Valentine, A7X, and Atreyu almost killed heavy metal, again.  \\"Metalcore\\" has slowly been changing into modern American metal, and with powerhouse releases like The March, American metal is becoming a much better music form than it was a decade ago.      The title track is pure aggression, with beefy riffage, and killer hardcore screams.  Truth or Consequence grabs you with awesome melodic guitars, and while it may be their most radio friendly song, it is still way to heavy for the mainstream hard rock stations.  Definitely one of the best albums of 2008.  How has New England turned out so many great new metal bands that have helped shape the metal scene in this century?
B000024P3A|4.0|This record is made for everyone who wants to hear a good quality sound from history. Listen how the voices of Wolf and Muddy turns out to be bigger than life itself. Even when they are just joking with each other.
B001V9LRTM|4.0|I've been a huge Woodstock fan for a long time, so I jumped on this as soon as it came out.  If you had purchased the Directors Cut DVD when it was released a while ago, then what you'll be getting with this version is better sound quality and the extra performances on Disc 2 (Blu-Ray version), and maybe a little better video quality.  So... here are my quips.  Wish they had expanded out the original Directors Cut to include the full Jefferson Airplane song of \\"Other Side of this Life\\".  It's just mind boggling that they didn't include the full song.  The same thing goes as well for nearly every song where they would just play a snippet of the song.  There really is no reason (in my mind) why they couldn't have included the full performances.  And... I feel a little let down that Target has other \\"extra bonus songs\\" that were not included in the Amazon version.  I didn't see that one coming.  Although, if I had to choose, I still would've gone for the Amazon extra songs.  Also... Ihope that they will soon re-release the Lost Performances video.  I'd buy it in a heartbeat, even though I'd resent the fact that it seems like they're milking this cash cow to the extreme.  C'mon guys, I'm sure you've recovered the lost revenue from the gate crashers by now! :)
B001FB4VZS|1.0|I've been watching Smallville since Season One, and this is, by far, the most disappointing season I can recall.  Last year, the show lost its creators, Al Gough and Miles Millar, its main villain Lex Luthor, played by Michael Rosenbaum, and its leading lady Kristin Kreuk, who played Lana Lang.  The new producers are inexperienced, and imo, the quality of the show suffered big time as a result.    First and foremost, don't be fooled by the DVD cover.  This season definitely isn't about Clark and Lois.  She's only in 12 of the episodes, and basically, her character's treated as a joke.  For instance, she dresses up in a tight leathery outfit as a phony superhero called \\"Stiletto.\\"  Guess why.    Lois has published no stories of note, Clark hardly even shows up for work at the Daily Planet, and he and Lois don't have that many scenes together.  They work, not for Perry White, but for a noname villain called Tess.    The one bright spot in the whole season is the villain called Doomsday, the ultimate killing machine who, in the comics, destroys Superman.  The writers had the brilliant idea to make this villain have an alter ego who yearned to reject his evil nature.  They set up a wonderful triangle with Doomsday, Clark and the real leading lady of the season. (For those who haven't watched this show much, that's not Lois, but a character called \\"Chloe\\").  Yet, the producers managed to bungle even that.  SPOILER WARNING>>>>    The big fight in the finale between Superman and Doomsday lasts about one minute, and Clark doesn't die.  Keep in mind, this was a season-long storyline, and up to that minute, I thought it was really well done.  And yet, it ended with....pretty much nothing.  I was speechless.  Then there's the surprise out-of-your-hat revelation that \\"Jimmy Olsen\\" is, in fact, not the real deal, and Clark deciding, inexplicably, to reject humanity at the end, even though it means abandoning his best friend when she needs him most.    The series finale for thisseason not only set a record low for the eight-year history of the series, it's also the second-lowest rated episode in the whole run of the show.  In fact, the ratings slid down so much for this season that the CW has relegated this show to the ignominious \\"Friday night\\" slot next year.    There is no way I would ever consider buying this DVD set.  In fact, I'd reject it as a gift.
B000VFGQUC|5.0|This whole package is excellent . But in the Top of the Pops section , Waiting for an Alibi ......is that a certain Snowy White actually playing drums ????
0439023483|4.0|Suzanne Collins' did a really masterful job crafting a post-apocalyptic tale geared toward teens that is every bit good enough to hold up to adult approval.<br /><br />In \\"The Hunger Games\\" we are introduced to a 16 year old, plucky, protagonist - Katniss and her tale of survival as she is placed in the spotlight fighting for life in a Reality TV'esque survival show.  Collins does a great job placing Katniss in a plethora of creatively cruel situations and how our heroinne overcomes them makes for a great brisk read that will surprise you at how fast you're turning the pages.<br /><br />While the overall tone of this book borders on 'pulpy,' if you enjoy such near sci-fi, dystopic settings not to mention some great action set pieces \\"The Hunger Games\\" makes for an entertaining read.  Perfect actually for a summertime beach read!
B00192IV0O|1.0|Like it says... down for the quick buck, selling out the genre... the fact that they're being compared to (and put in their place by) Lady Gaga (another worthless, talentless cash monger) would be enough to make someone with an ounce of self awareness choose a different art form.  It's hard to believe these are the same jokers who started their career in such a promising way..  Total shiite!
B000HEWEDK|5.0|Until this day it is still impossible to believe that this Gem - a true Milestone for its time - was created in 1956 . This is the Sci-Fi Classic that actually did 'Boldly go where no man had gone before' and long before Star Trek and its decendents . The transfer from film onto DVD is flawless in every way, the color is rich and dreamscapish the sound is crisp and way ahead of its time, a clear departure from the standard Audio tracking from the 50's . Having not seen Forbidden Planet in quite awhile I had forgotten just how far away from placing an emphasis on quality over making a quick buck we have come . A timeless classic that in fact taught everyone else how to make films of this Genre is nicely packaged in a DVD that is truly one of a kind . This is a must-have for every serious film collector .
1585670588|5.0|Being a fan of PBS TV. I enjoy British comedy(Laurie and Fry) in the Wooster and Jeeves series.  The P.G. Wodehouse books are 'spot on', I say.  I find myself reading the novels in the speech pattern that Laurie and Fry use in the tv series.  Mr. Wodehouse uses words that I have never seen before, causing me to keep a dictionary handy.
B00127RAJY|5.0|What to say about this dvd ? First when I get the DVD I watched it so I could have an idea about what kind of exercise it is. As a French girl living in France I didn't really know Jillian Michaels. Of course, I heard about her. And I also bought her two first books, but that doesn't really give you a more precise idea about how she is.<br /><br />Well, my first impression was WOUAHH! She is just great. She gives you a lot of bunch, a lot of energizes. She is talking quite a few but every time is to say something great, useful and to help you to go on.<br /><br />Her explanation is really useful. She had a lot of energizes and I have to say that just to look at her give you the desire to be like her, to have the body she has.<br /><br />The program is well done. You have three levels. Level one for beginner, level two for intermediate and level three for advanced person. But for each level you have a kind of intensity. You have two people who are with Jillian. The first person is for beginner/beginner (and that for each level) and the second one is a person who gives you another version of the exercise which is more challenging. There is no big difference but it's still more challenging. For example the beginner will have push up on her knee, as for the more challenge you have to do a full push up.<br /><br />The base of this work out is 3 -2 -1.You have 3 minutes of strength, 2 minutes of cardio and 1 minutes of abs. You repeat that 2 times.<br /><br />So each level is like that:<br /><br />- 2/3 minutes of warm up<br />- 3 - 2 - 1<br />- 3 - 2 - 1<br />- 3 - 2 - 1<br />- 2/3 minutes of cool down<br /><br />The 3 - 2 - 1 is not the same. You have always another exercise so don't worry you will not get bored. You don't have the time. Every thing is moving. It's just great.<br /><br />So when you begin to exercise for the first time with Jillian is awesome. In 8 minutes, I was wet. Completely. I feel like I didn't exercise at all. Forget all the exercise you did every morning when you get up at 6 o'clock just to be in shape. Forget. It's like you did nothing. The way she thought about her program is great. YOU MOVE !! YOU DID WORK OUT !<br /><br />It's a little bit hard when you begin but it's like everything else you have to get more and more to feel better. Don't give up even when you feel all your muscle, when you are walking like a cow boy, when it's so painful just to walk ... It's working !!!!!<br /><br />Another best thing it's the time. Under 30 minutes. You can easily fit Jillian's work during the day.<br /><br />As for the negative point of view : I have to say that i hate the 5 minutes to Jillian talks before the begin. When you did every morning it's too long. You just want to begin.<br />I also say that Jillian didn't give any advice about the program. Like can I exercise every day or not ? The name of the program is \\"30 days shred\\" so do we have to do that every single day ?? I don't know. And she didn't say.<br /><br />Well my conclusion is that I just want to say BUY IT - IT'S WORTH IT !!like you did nothing. The way she thought about her program is great. YOU MOVE !! YOU DID WORK OUT !    It's a little bit hard when you begin but it's like everything else you have to get more and more to feel better. Don't give up even when you feel all your muscle, when you are walking like a cow boy, when it's so painful just to walk ... It's working !!!!!    Another best thing it's the time. Under 30 minutes. You can easily fit Jillian's work during the day.     As for the negative point of view : I have to say that i hate the 5 minutes to Jillian talks before the begin. When you did every morning it's too long. You just want to begin.   I also say that Jillian didn't give any advice about the program. Like can I exercise every day or not ? The name of the program is \\"30 days shred\\" so do we have to do that every single day ?? I don't know. And she didn't say.     Well my conclusion is that I just want to say BUY IT - IT'S WORTH IT !!
B000062Y44|3.0|Saw the movie and loved the theme song.  The rest of the soundtrack is okay - all done by the same band - Badly Drawn Boy.  Like I said, the rest is average.  Still glad to have it if for just the one song.
0743289692|5.0|Infidel is very well written.  Reading this book gave me so much more insight about the Muslim Religion and how it affect the person.  The book has so many examples of how the women in the Muslim world live.  It is hard to imagine in 2009 that so many  Muslim countries still live by such outdated ideas.  I am so proud of Ayaan Hirsi Ali for her braverly in being the person she is today. She has done so much for so many women who are afraid to speak out on their own.  We can all learn from Ayaan, that we must be true to ourselves without the fear of reprisal.
0061767581|5.0|The book, about reality-tv star 19-year-old Jane Roberts certainly sounds like a semi-autobiographical journey for the author, the star of MTV's \\"reality\\" show, The Hills. I started on the assumption that it would be pure fluff. The story was an enjoyable quick read though and even a bit weightier than I had anticipated.<br /><br />Naturally, the lion's share of the story centers around the social lives of Jane and her best friend Scarlett. They are both new to Los Angeles, starstruck and boy crazy. Despite being an attractive natural blonde, Jane considers herself a \\"plain Jane\\" while Scarlett is a confident brunette bombshell. Jane's just scored an internship with renowned event planner, Fiona Chen. Scarlett plans to coast through classes at USC while she decides what to do with herself. When Hollywood producer Trevor Lord starts talking to them in a nightclub, they initially assume that he's trying to hit on them... but eventually he convinces them to come for an audition for a new reality show filming in Los Angeles. In the interview, the producers are impressed with the girls' natural good-looks and unaffected demeanor. Just like that, they are in!<br /><br />With the cameras rolling, Jane and Scarlett are soon treated to a new luxury apartment and VIP lifestyle. I liked the behind-the-scenes reality behind \\"reality\\" tv... the awkwardness of being miked, the staged \\"spontaneous\\" scenes... it all rang very true.<br /><br />Of course, everyone's wondering whether L.A. Candy was ghostwritten. (And wouldn't it be the ultimate irony if it was?) A careful inspection of my copy didn't seem to reveal anything in the fine print... maybe Lauren Conrad really did write this herself! I can't help but think of one of the episodes from the first season of \\"The Hills\\" where Lauren is called into her bosses office. Her boss asks her, \\"Can you write?\\" and she nervously replies, \\"Um... Yes?\\" There's an eerily similar scene in the book between the character Jane and her boss, event planner Fiona Chen. Her demanding and cold boss suddenly turns into a warm mentor when the cameras are rolling.<br /><br />While the celebrities mentioned are all fictional, the names of many of the businesses and designer-name items in the book are not. The name-dropping and general tone strongly reminded me of Cecily von Ziegesar's Gossip Girls and It Girl series.<br /><br />The story's somewhat of a cliffhanger ending leaves everything definitely very much unresolved. Fans of MTV's \\"The Hills\\" or the genre that I'd term \\"Chick Lit Jr.\\" will definitely be clamoring for more. Fortunately for them, Conrad has signed a 3 book deal, so there are certain to be at least 2 more installments in the series.. Her demanding and cold boss suddenly turns into a warm mentor when the cameras are rolling.     While the celebrities mentioned are all fictional, the names of many of the businesses and designer-name items in the book are not. The name-dropping and general tone strongly reminded me of Cecily von Ziegesar's Gossip Girls and It Girl series.     The story's somewhat of a cliffhanger ending leaves everything definitely very much unresolved. Fans of MTV's \\"The Hills\\" or the genre that I'd term \\"Chick Lit Jr.\\" will definitely be clamoring for more. Fortunately for them, Conrad has signed a 3 book deal, so there are certain to be at least 2 more installments in the series.
0312427999|4.0|While I appreciate Naomi Klein's thorough authorship of this very interesting topic, I feel as if the book repeats the same basic issue repeatedly to drive home a point that the reader becomes fairly convinced of by the middle of the book. Some of the case studies are especially interesting, such as Chile, Russia, and Iraq, but I almost felt as if some of the other examples were superfluous for proving the main point of the book - that crisis of many kinds can be taken advantage of to push through extremely unpopular free market reforms that harm the populace of the country that it is imposed upon. Additionally, I felt that Ms. Klein too often made the tenuous link between actual shock torture and the \\"shock doctrine\\" of economics to drive a point home. I realize why it is included, but to me it seems to serve as almost a cheap, well, shock tactic. All in all, however, the book supports its hypothesis with ease and is very well written. I would suggest it to anyone.
B001U0HBPG|5.0|The movie is long but since it is so good, it doesn't feel like that long.  If Forest Gump is 10, this one is a 9.  The story is interesting.  Brad Pitt's acting is just average.  Cate Blanchett is wonderful.  Highly recommended.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|I love the music of George Harrison.  It features classics like \\"My Sweet Lord\\", \\"Here Comes The Sun\\".  This disc also has gems like \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\", \\"Got My Mind Set On You\\" and \\"Something\\". I love the beautiful guitar instrumental \\"Marwa Blues\\". I also like the fun tracks \\"Any Road\\" and \\"Cheer Down\\".  They make me happy.  I love the songs \\"When We Was Fab\\" and \\"All Those Years Ago\\".  These are songs about his life as a member of the Beatles.  I've never heard of the song  \\"Rising Sun\\" before, but I like it.  It is a very spiritual song.  I also like the song \\"Let It Roll\\".  This song is a tribute to Frankie Crisp who lived in a place called Friar Park, a beautiful place where George lived for a time in England.  I love simple lyrics of the song \\"Give Me Love\\".  This is a good song about yearning for love and peace on earth.  The music of George Harrison will live on forever.  I love this disc.
B000WC39ZY|3.0|I have mixed feelings about this movie.  The performances are stellar but the characters are very hard to love.  The direction is sharp yet the plot if rather flimsy.  The set pieces and costumes are delicious to the eye, but the film overstays its welcome by about forty minutes.  The music is jazz at its finest yet the musical numbers themselves seem to be lacking for me.<br /><br />It is a big plate of good and bad with no real proper balance of the two.<br /><br />The film stars Liza Minnelli and Robert De Niro as a struggling couple trying to make it big in `Big Band Era' New York.  Francine Evans is a dynamite singer, and Jimmy Doyle is a stubborn yet savvy sax player.  Together they make one sensational act that draws quite a crowd, but when you mix personal life with business things start to grow sour.  When Francine gets pregnant and leaves the tour, Jimmy finds his band diminishing under the strain of a new singer (who just can't hold a candle to Francine) and his fizzling career sends a shock of distain through his body.  When Francine, while pregnant and in New York, starts striking up conversations of record deals, Jimmy finds that jealously can corrupt and even kill a relationship.<br /><br />The films plot (rocky relationship inside a jazz group) is far too hollow to sustain the films near three-hour running time.  If the film had been maybe a third shorter it wouldn't have led way to the films flaws so much.  By giving us a whole lot of nothing so-to-speak you give us time to realize that `New York, New York' doesn't have a lot to offer.<br /><br />What `New York, New York' doesn't have in substance it makes up for in charisma.  The two stars are sensational here, both of them working off the other with ferocity.  We all know that De Niro is a brilliant actor, but for me at least, I was only aware of one performance by the mighty Minnelli; `Cabaret'.  I consider her dynamic performance one of the best in the history of cinema; but even I knew that one brilliant performance does not equal brilliant actress.  As good as De Niro is, this movie is all about Liza.  She is phenomenal here, completely sinking into her character's spunk and drive; delivering chilling dramatic tension while never losing Francine's bubbly persona and unforgettable heart.  De Niro is cheeky, funny and keeps up with Minnelli rather well, but she is clearly best-in-show here.<br /><br />I can't say that either character is really all that likable, despite that fact that they are both played very well.  Jimmy is a creep; a self absorbed user who fails to garner any of the audiences respect; and Francine is far too forgiving.  As one already said, you just want to smack some sense into her.  But this is a testament to Minnelli's marvelous performance, for Francine is a character written in a way that almost forces her to come across as weak, yet she never does.  She comes off as foolish and blinded by what she considers to be love, but Minnelli conveys the right amount of understanding to make keep her from looking weak.<br /><br />There is no denying that Minnelli's voice is impeccable, and if you like jazz then you will swoon over the countless jazz songs littering this film; but, if you love musicals you may not be too impressed with the actual musical numbers.  They lack a certain spark that comes with the territory, which shocked me a bit.  I absolutely ADORED the `Happy Endings' number, but aside from that I found myself expecting more out of each smoky club routine.  I found more heart and fire in the musical numbers in `The Fabulous Baker Boys' than I found here.<br /><br />So, in the end I have to say that `New York, New York' is a real mixed bag.  The acting is great (thanks to undeniable chemistry), the look and feel of the film is flawless, but these two components can't really save the film from the weak plot and overlong running time.  Going back to my review title (and for a little more clarity), this film is a very glitzy `pretty' film, but that pretty is only here to mask over the films overall emptiness.  I'd give it a C+, possibly a B- (but a B seems almost too forgiving for a film that offers little more than some great acting).<br /><br />I wouldn't avoid it, but I wouldn't seek it out either.e films overall emptiness.  I'd give it a C+, possibly a B- (but a B seems almost too forgiving for a film that offers little more than some great acting).      I wouldn't avoid it, but I wouldn't seek it out either.
B00005R2IS|3.0|In a post-apocalyptic Australia, Max (Mel Gibson) and his fellow officers try to keep order on the highways as nihilistic biker gangs grow ever bolder.  We are given the definite impression that the final bastions of civilization are on their last legs as chaos encroaches.    This film presents intriguing characters and a suitably bleak scenario.  It starts strong, but it loses its energy before the end.  Perhaps I was spoiled by seeing the classic action sequel \\"The Road Warrior\\" first.  When Max goes mad at the end of this first film, director George Miller doesn't set the action sequences up very well or provide much of a payoff.  The most exciting set pieces actually come much earlier in the movie.  However, his next film will prove that he can be a master of action.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I have now see this musical performed live three times - two times at the Oriental Theatre in Chicago and once in Indianapolis when Broadway Across America's touring company presented it.  It is one of the best musicals I have ever seen and the only other one I liked as much as this one is \\"Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat\\".<br /><br />When I knew I was going the first time, I started reading the novel its based upon to be prepared for the live performance.  That was a mistake -- I finally gave up after deciding it was one of the worst books I had ever read, and I read a lot!  I was worried that I wouldn't enjoy the musical and I shouldn't have.  It is great and incredibly clever.  The humor is outrageous and funny for both the younger child as well as the more mature patron.  The music is unbelievable and I would pay the ticket price all over again just to hear and see \\"Defying Gravity\\" performed.<br /><br />This cast recording is one of the best I have heard as well.  Many times the cast recordings seem to be average since the singers were chosen for a combination of vocal ability and theatrical talent -- not always the best singer gets the role.  With this one, the best singers DID get the roles and are unbeatable.  I can't say enough good things about this CD.  If you are a fan of \\"Wicked\\" you must get this and be able to listen to some great music which will bring back wonderful memories of the night at the theater.
0486440966|5.0|This is a wonderful book! If you enjoy any 19th novels or just love to read, you will enjoy \\"The Woman in White\\". The language is easy to read...it has a nice flow unlike other books written around this time. The plot is ever changing and thickening. When you read this, you may think the plot is like many other books you have read but you have to consider this is one of the first mystery books written and Wilkie Collins started a completely new genre of novels. Collins did a great job writing this book as an epistolary novel, with many people telling the story.
0060899220|4.0|Even knowing what I'm reading, it's hard to look at this book as an autobiography because the story told plays so well as a rather fascinating piece of fictional literature about a boy whose irreverent attitude brings him, if a little indirectly, to the world of professional cooking.    Reading this book is practically listening to Bourdain talk.  The style with which he writes is conversational, and as a result each chapter is a joy to read, a highly relatable anecdote, all adding up to a very human story with a very human message and themes.
0385341008|3.0|I liked this book but wouldn't give it a glowing review. I read about a novel per week and didn't think this one stood out as great. It was entertaining and sometimes very serious.
B000093FLA|5.0|By this point, I've seen all five feature films written/directed by Guy Ritchie, and his first two still remain my favorites and I believe, his best. Ritchie's debut \\"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\\" was a refreshing, lean, original, and very funny British mixture of Action Comedies/Gambling Dramas/Crime Thrillers. \\"Lock, Stock..\\" also introduced Jason Statham with whom Ritchie went on to making two more films and Vinnie Jones, a football player turned an actor. Ritchie's next movie, Snatch, was my introduction to his work. It is simply marvelous and my favorite. It uses the same broken narrative as Lock and Stock, intertwines numerous plot threads which intersect and play off each other, and follows the characters who are over-the-top deliciously evil, marvelously clueless and always funny. The plot revolves around a stolen diamond as huge as these historic celebrated stones you might have seen on display in the Crown Jewels of the United Kingdom in London Tower or Washington Museum of Natural History or in The State Diamond Fund of Moscow Kremlin. No wonder that every character in Snatch tries to get it. Among them, low-levels gangsters of all sorts of mafia, including Jewish, Russian, and London based. Add to the mix the Irish Gypsies \\"who can't be trusted\\" because whatever they say could not be understood even by the native English speakers. Don't forget a sadistic crime boss who keeps huge pet pigs with very specific diet. And then there is a dog that likes to snatch and swallow things. All sorts of things.<br /><br />I've seen Snatch many times. It is one of my favorite movies that I can watch from any scene and I would not switch the channel on it. I think it is the best Ritchie's film. A lot of his fans prefer \\"Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels\\" but my favorite is certainly Snatch. It is so perfect in its nastiness. It does not preach anything; it does not have deep message or any other purpose than to entertain and entertain it does. I've seen it so many times that I happily expect the familiar hilarious quotes or scenes or exchanges between the characters which are the best part of the movie. I pay attention to the soundtrack and to Ritchie's style that is known for frequent fast cuts and quick edits.  Just want to mention that the same technique was also successfully used in his latest, Rocknrolla in one of the most hilarious sex scene I've ever seen.  Ritchie likes to return to the same point in time several times to tell the story (or to show it) from the different points of view. The scenes of violence, sometimes grotesque, have been staged and choreographed so well that you can't help admiring them and smile while watching.  I enjoy acting by everyone and I believe that the famous (and not so famous but very talented) actors had as much fun playing their outrageous characters as I did following them on the dark and gloomy streets of London underworld.<br /><br />Snatch is enormously enjoyable -on one condition though. You have to appreciate this kind of dark humor that goes together with strong violence. Otherwise, I have something to declare - stay away from it.es that I happily expect the familiar hilarious quotes or scenes or exchanges between the characters which are the best part of the movie. I pay attention to the soundtrack and to Ritchie's style that is known for frequent fast cuts and quick edits.  Just want to mention that the same technique was also successfully used in his latest, Rocknrolla in one of the most hilarious sex scene I've ever seen.   Ritchie likes to return to the same point in time several times to tell the story (or to show it) from the different points of view. The scenes of violence, sometimes grotesque, have been staged and choreographed so well that you can't help admiring them and smile while watching.  I enjoy acting by everyone and I believe that the famous (and not so famous but very talented) actors had as much fun playing their outrageous characters as I did following them on the dark and gloomy streets of London underworld.     Snatch is enormously enjoyable -on one condition though. You have to appreciate this kind of dark humor that goes together with strong violence. Otherwise, I have something to declare - stay away from it.
B000Y7ZHCU|5.0|Ihave never been a fan of Celine.  However I must say there is no wonder this show ran sold out for over 4 years.  To have been able to have seen it in Vegas must have been breath taking.  This is a historic show in every sense of the word.  With her voice, and the dancers chorographed<br />by the Cirque & Mia Michaels and her voice never sounding better.  It is mesmerizing, wonderful, wonderful!!!
B000A2W1X2|4.0|I watched part of this movie about a year ago on cable but had to leave before it was over so have been dying to know the ending.  I also missed the very beginning.  My memory of the movie was better than what it turned out to be.  I was a little disappointed.  Don't get me wrong, it was still very good but after all that expectation, I was a little let down by the ending.  I almost feel like it was a set up for a series that never occurred.  I loved Sophie but was a little surprised by the nude scenes which were apparently edited on the cable version I saw first.  Didn't much care for the child's character as someone else mentioned in a prior review.  The girl's father was also not quite the heart throb I remembered.  He let his own father treat him so poorly and didn't seem able to make important decisions that counted.  It was a little hard to believe he generated such feeling from Sophie's character.  All in all it was still a good movie.  If I was seeing it for the first time without all my expectations I probably would have given it a better review.
B0002EQ7EC|4.0|Songs aren't as strong as Graceland, but the drums on this album are some of the tastiest stuff ever put to wax.
B00164KYV4|3.0|This is a light-hearted movie about five women and four men, who try to sort out the signals that the sexes exchange.   These kinds of topics - \\"What do men and women really want\\", will always do fine with the romantic comedy crowd.  Although not really my kind of movie, I appreciated it and liked the story, the cast and direction.    Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein wrote the charming screenplay, which was based on the book by Greg Behrendt and Liz Tuccillo.    Ken Kwapis directed with a sure hand.
B00006DEFA|5.0|A different movie with omitted scenes put back in. Much darker undertone for main character. Great, funny, stellar acting by F. Murray. Buy it now.
B000UR9QGW|4.0|One of the most hilarious horror films I have ever seen! Full of fun & even has some scary moments here & there. All around, I'd have to say this movie was pretty good & it holds up well to the blu-ray format,although its a little grainy in spots. If your looking for a not-to-serious horror then this is it.
B00014TJ7K|5.0|Great, great, great. But the bonus tracks are weak weak weak. EC, Elton, Gary Wright, Ringo, Jeff Lynne... what more do you want? Worth it for \\"Devil's Radio\\" alone! BUY THIS!
B000059H98|5.0|tank girl is the original riot grrrl! i love this movie & the comic series.  if you like women who can kick some @s$, take names, look hot in that punk rock devil-may-care way, and survive just about anything - tank girl is for you.
B000NA77YO|4.0|Good if you want a \\"best of\\". I would just buy Heaven And Hell and Mob Rules and be done with it.
B000Z27HLS|3.0|I absolutely LOVE this production of \\"Northanger Abbey,\\" but I am very upset with the DVD itself. The reasons? 1) This version is the cut version; if you want to see the un-cut version, look for it online. 2) It SAYS there are subtitles available on the DVD, but there aren't. Maybe they're accessible from a computer, but not from a regular DVD player. Those two things are really what take away from my overall satisfaction with the DVD.
B001UV4XU6|4.0|While it might be unjust to call the \\"love\\" story at the heart of (500) Days of Summer conventional, you'd never it know it with the multitude of brilliant inventions heightening this tale of chasing dreams and fateful fantasy. From clever juxtapositions of events and the seamless integration of classic films, traditional animation, and a morose narrator, to unique editing and a visual calendar of fledgling love and tragic heartache, \\"Summer\\" transcends the romantic comedy genre to become an engagingly mature, yet whimsical look at that ever-so-fragile emotion and its effects both glorious and dispiriting.<br /><br />(500) Days of Summer chronicles the relationship of Tom (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and Summer (Zooey Deschanel), two employees at a greeting card company with very different ideologies on love. Traveling back and forth in time throughout their 500 days together, pieces of their journey are steadily revealed to create a portrait of love at once wonderfully triumphant and agonizingly heartbreaking.<br /><br />The narrator tells us that this is a \\"boy meets girl\\" story, but that it is not about love. Perhaps it's the power of coincidence, the ideals of destiny, the wonders of fate, the harsh contradictions between expectations and reality, or real love in disguise. The film may use a well-known storytelling idea, but there's nothing ordinary about its execution. (500) Days of Summer portrays a \\"typical\\" modern romance with extraordinary methods, including split screens, slow-motion, characters talking to the camera, a full-blown dance sequence, and an impressionistic, foreign, artsy, black-and-white experimental tidbit (among many other fascinatingly inventive techniques).<br /><br />Tom holds movies, songs, and even greeting cards responsible for preventing people from saying what they really feel and for the corruption of emotions, causing them (especially love) to be completely indefinable. It's a fantasy that can only be recognized by or compared to peers who believe they've attained it. During his evolving perception of love, we see a spectrum as diverse as the special effects and soundtrack that compliment the imagery.<br /><br />Using his younger sister as a rational, intellectual source for advice on love further fuels the deconstruction of maturity which otherwise might serve as an indication of education on the subject; here it is as contrasting as the editing that cuts back and forth between Tom's utmost happiness and bitter despair. Summer is the \\"dude,\\" looking for casual, no-pressure romance, taking the role of the stereotypical, uncaring guy and not the relationship-demanding, over-affectionate girl. She's against the grain, not commonplace; she's Sid, not Nancy. And because of these opposing variances to the romantic dramedy formula, (500) Days of Summer is fresh, different and entirely worthwhile.<br /><br />- The Massie Twinsained it. During his evolving perception of love, we see a spectrum as diverse as the special effects and soundtrack that compliment the imagery.    Using his younger sister as a rational, intellectual source for advice on love further fuels the deconstruction of maturity which otherwise might serve as an indication of education on the subject; here it is as contrasting as the editing that cuts back and forth between Tom's utmost happiness and bitter despair. Summer is the \\"dude,\\" looking for casual, no-pressure romance, taking the role of the stereotypical, uncaring guy and not the relationship-demanding, over-affectionate girl. She's against the grain, not commonplace; she's Sid, not Nancy. And because of these opposing variances to the romantic dramedy formula, (500) Days of Summer is fresh, different and entirely worthwhile.    - The Massie Twins
B000055Y0X|4.0|I found \\"Dr. Strangelove\\" to be a well-created, dark comedy. Certainly, the major theme of the film was quite clear. The acting was also very, very good. Additionally, the names of the characters is another fascinating study: President Merkin Muffley, Dr. Strangelove, General Jack D. Ripper, etc.<br /><br />The dangers of nuclear war being presented seriously through a comedy is an additional positive. The film convey the idea that the USA and USSR have the power to basically destroy the world as we know it through nuclear war. The film also criticizes the Cold War policy of amassing large numbers of nuclear weapons to create stakes so high as to prevent war, since it would lead to inevitable worldwide destruction.<br /><br />Basic Plot:<br />Mentally ill, Jack D. Ripper (obsessed with fluorine being a Soviet poison that affects sexual ability) authorizes a nuclear attack through Plan R (nearly impossible to reverse). In response, the Soviet's have their own \\"Doomsday Machine\\" the would go off in the event of an American nuclear strike and was impossible to reverse.<br /><br />Comedy:<br />The peace sign during the assault on Ripper's base, and Dr. Strangelove's Hitler references were entertaining as were shooting the Coca Cola machine to receive free coins to pay for a phone conversation.<br /><br />Political Science Aspect:<br />Unfortunately, I do not think the film offered any alternatives to the Cold War. For example, what was the United States supposed to do with its nuclear weapons? If we simply destroyed them, what assurance would we have that the Soviet Union would do the same? Do we take on the attitude of absolute faith in the goodness of humanity? I just do not think so.<br /><br />For Today:<br />For example, in 2009, do we expect North Korea and Iran to stop their nuclear desires because nuclear war could permanently cripple our world? How are we supposed to deal with potential narcissistic dictators who wish to acquire nuclear weapons? Maybe the best thing in today's society is for our nation to have a sufficient nuclear capacity to tell a hostile nation that if they nuke us, we will annihilate their nation. In this form, the U.S. and its people will just have to have confidence that no 'accident' will happen.ve a sufficient nuclear capacity to tell a hostile nation that if they nuke us, we will annihilate their nation. In this form, the U.S. and its people will just have to have confidence that no 'accident' will happen.
0689865384|4.0|Loved the book because of its classic Twilight-zone premise. Loved comparing and contrasting to books like City of Ember and The Giver.  Only 4 stars because of the STUPID words used for labels.  \\"Pretty Town?\\" \\"Crumblyville?\\"  \\"Littlies?\\"  Really?  That's the best he could come up with?  My students offered dozens of better labels for this future world.   Just seems condescending, Westerfeld...
B001Q8FRNA|5.0|This is not simply the same old material stuffed into a new package.  The sound quality is supreme.  While the sound on my old copy on Repetoire is quite good, this new reissue is significantly better.  Sounds emerge from my speakers that just weren't there before.  I can only liken the experience of hearing this release to that of watching a painstakingly restored print of a clasic movie on DVD (especially in the \\"extras\\" where they show the befores and afters of restoration).  The packaging is deluxe and includes a well-written history booklet with lots of photos.  Too bad this came out while the world economy is in the toilet.  Lots of folks will probably pass on purchase since they probably own one previous version or another.  If you really dig this album though, do yourself a big favor and gift this to yourself and/or someone like yourself and lay your old copy on someone worthy of initiation. A good time will be had by all concerned.
B0029LHWHM|5.0|This book makes you think about quite a few things about religion. It helps to look at the world in a more liberal way.
B000J103PC|4.0|This entertaining film adaption of a bad book was a pleasant surprise. Everyone who hasn't been living in a cave in Mongolia for the past several years knows the book was a thinly disguised account of the author's experience as an assistant to Anna Wintour, the editor-in-chief of \\"Vogue,\\" the most influential fashion magazine on the planet. I threw the book at the wall after about three pages of poor writing and an insufferable protagonist. In the far better written film, Meryl Streep does a terrific job of making Miranda Priestly, the ice queen editor-in-chief of \\"Runway\\" magazine, coldly terrifying while allowing just enough of a crack in the veneer to reveal the price she had paid for her power. Stanley Tucci is funny and humane as Miranda's fashion director Nigel. Emily Blunt is also very appealing as the more senior of Miranda's two personal assistants. Although there's dissension on this point, I found Adrien Grenier adorable as main character Andie Sach's boyfriend. The weak link is lead Anne Hathaway as Andie, Miranda's new personal assistant. She's sweet, she's vulnerable, she looks gorgeous in haute couture, but at this stage of her career, she does not have the star power to carry this movie. The plot is predictable and the values are confused (are we indicting or glamorizing the fashion industry? some of both), but you could do worse things with two hours than enjoy this film's talented supporting cast, witty screenplay and visual panache.
1401307957|5.0|This book is a feast for the eyes.  It is fun to read all of the text, and enjoy all of the pictures.  Mr. Gregory and family have had some hard times and it's interesting how he turned to drawing to pull himself out of his anger and depression for Patti's accident.  Definitely a good book to read, savor and then go back to.<br /><br />My one caveat is that I was looking for a how-to book.  I have no natural talent for drawing and want to learn how to draw so badly.  Thought this was more of a how to.  It is a memoir, and while it is a great book, it was kind of misleading.
B001RU2YUQ|1.0|Seemed like it was gonna be good.  I wanted it to be good.  Once the movie started, I kept hoping it would get better - and it never did.  Got me squirming in my seat.  Can't really recommend it to anyone.  Sorry.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I see all the bad feedback as being from whiners or people who want big results from an easy workout.  Won't happen - no chance.<br /><br />If you want results, be prepared to work for them.  This DVD is a great addition, within the first 5 uses of the DVD I noticed an improvement in tone and stamina...there are three levels to keep you from reaching the usual plateau as quickly.  There is lots of jumping and moderate strength moves, but they work!<br /><br />If you have delicate health issues, ask your doctor, all DVDs say that...or modify the moves...make them lower impact...work up to it.  To me, that is common sense.  Listen to your body.<br /><br />All in all, this is a good part of any workout plan - a good start if you want results.
B001KVZ6FM|4.0|\\"UP\\" is the beautiful story of an elderly man who refuses to give up his beloved home when progress threatens. Ed Asner voice Carl Fredricksen, who takes to the skies to escape predatory commercial real estate developers, hoping to make the dream of a home in the Amazon come true. There are perils along the way of course. Too-helpful \\"Wilderness Explorer\\" Russell needs a \\"Helping the Elderly\\" merit badge to fill out his award sash. And Carl's old idol, Charles Muntz, awaits in the jungle with his pack of trained, talking dogs.<br /><br />Pixar serves up a great story that winds back to pick up hints laid earlier on and that cleverly uses the standard household items of the elderly - dentures, a glass money jar and a four-footed cane -- to good and often hilarious use. The quality of the animation is off the charts, as usual, and the writing is mostly good. The loss of a star is partly due to a bit of repetitive and uninspired canine dialog. But mostly it's due to making Carl, shown early on as a bad walker, perform gymnastics and daring feats (climbing up the side of a blimp, anyone?) that would be daunting for a boy a 10th his age.<br /><br />By the way, the 3D version of \\"Up\\" was neat, but didn't add much to the visual experience, After a few minutes, the 3D effect became \\"normal\\" and hence unnoticeable. \\"Up\\" is not a perfect movie -- more in the class of \\"Monsters, Inc.\\" than \\"Toy Story,\\" but an entertaining way to spend 90 minutes.
B000WC3864|4.0|The movie itself isn't THAT great really.......the acting is bad, the characters are STUPID beyond comprehension and the gore is VERY fake. BUT, is it entertaining? HELLS YEAH! You can't help but enjoy all the demonic screaming and violence in this, in fact, it's so over the top it even makes you laugh, but that's not a bad thing, you WANT to laugh! because it's so much fun. Cult status and \\"classic horror\\" label aside, does it have any ACTUAL REAL good qualities apart from being a silly and entertaining gore fest? yeah it does. There is some impressive camera work in some of the shots, and the location and sets do provide a feeling of \\"evil\\" in the movie. It's by no means scary, but the saturated walls of the cabin, the blacked out windows, the isolation, the dirty evil feel of the lighting and demon make up does give the movie some eerie atmosphere. The special effects are beyond outdated [though they weren't back when it was originally released], the demon make up still looks pretty cool though, it's all very ugly and evil looking. It is very violent, but it's too fake for it to leave any sort of \\"shocking\\" impression.    If i had seen the movie for the first time, i'd probably go with a 3/5.........but it has been a movie i've grown up with and i do enjoy it as a piece of horror nostalgia, so i'll push it up to a 4/5.
B0018YIFEK|5.0|Kate has a very rare case of leukemia and needs transplants often. Anna decides to sue her parents for the rights to her own body.       Jodi Picoult guides you through an emotional roller coaster. You will suddenly find yourself crying when Anna cries or laughing when Kate laughs. Picoult puts you inside the book where you feel like your with Anna and her family at the hospital or just hanging with Anna on her bed. You instantly fall in love with the characters and discover yourself worrying about them in everyday life. This brilliant book will teach you lessons in life along with the true meaning of loving someone no matter what. Picoult's magical way of writing will have you hooked from start to finish.
B00177Y9ZC|2.0|I can see why this got crap reviews when it came out, it was mildly entertaining but was filled with SO many plot holes and unanswered questions. It's like they came up with this really cool concept for a story and couldn't be bothered filling in the gaps. The Jumpers \\"jump\\" all over the place and NO ONE seems to notice, even though they teleport in the middle of huge crowds. They are always teleporting OTHER random innocent bystanders to other parts of the world with ZERO consequences and we knew NOTHING about Samuel L. Jacksons character in this!......why was he hunting the Jumpers? what's his back story? so many annoying unanswered things!  The rest of the cast were HUGELY under developed as well, especially Rachel Bilson, who had more to do in the O.C than she did in this. The only real highlight was that guy from Billy Elliott [forgot his name], and Hayden Christianson looked good in it............everything else was a fast paced, empty mess.
0061139378|5.0|Coraline is the first book I have read by Neil Gaiman, and I was not disappointed. Though the book is written for a young adult audience, it's also well suited to older readers - thought it is an awfully quick read. I really enjoyed the imagery the book summons up, the descriptions of scenery in the \\"other mothers\\" house and grounds was particularly good. Coraline is a creepy story that brings to mind the things you had nightmares of as a child, but, as with any good fairy tale, good triumphs over evil in the end and one is able to put those nightmares to rest. I highly recommend this book to readers of all ages.
B001KL3GWM|5.0|There are a mixed bag of influences at work on \\"Already Free\\", among which are the Allman Brothers, Memphis soul and Eric Clapton. Derek's assocation with the latter shows particularly in his preference here for tasteful,relatively restrained, playing on an album made by a band rather than sidemen backing up a star player (as Eric succeeded in doing beautifully on \\"461 Ocean Boulevard\\" and its admittedly patchier sister album \\"There's One In Every Crowd\\").    The above is especially true of the majority of tracks which feature Mike Mattison's expressive vocals that alongside Derek's unique slide give DTB an instantly recognisable identity.     Like other reviewers here, I'm not a great fan of Doyle Bramhall's characterless voice although I won't deduct a star from my rating as his co-writing contributions on \\"Maybe This Time\\", \\"Get What You Deserve\\" and \\"Our Love\\" compensate. Mrs Trucks' cameo on \\"Back Where I Started\\" provides a lovely diversion(her voice just seems to go on improving - I can't wait to hear \\"Back To The River\\").    Overall, a warm and lovely album that I will be playing a lot this summer.
B001NFNFIK|5.0|Burke's Robicheaux novels are complex, deeply evocative police thrillers set (with exceptions) in the bayou counties around New Orleans. The lead character tries to balance a deep intelligence, an unflinching commitment to justice, deep religious and family impulses, and a facility with violence which Burke presents as alternatively liberating and damning. The bayou emerges in the novels as subtle, colorful, human, a little threatening, and poised uncomfortably between a past flush with horror and a questionable, ominous future. (The stories which Burke sets in Montana deal with the geography very differently.)    This uncomfortable balance is at the heart of the Robicheaux stories, none more so than the novel on which this movie is based. At first, it's hard to imagine a less likely novel for adaptation as a Hollywood release. Burke's novels are first rate mysteries and detective stories, but they take the conventions of noir storytelling much deeper than most in his genre have done.  Given the inevitable limitation of a two hour movie in capturing the nuances available to a first-person narrator in a 300 page book, this film does an extraordinary job of capturing Robicheaux, the complexities of his character, and the haunting pull of the bayou (and southern) past which forms the background of a story of multiple murders.      Tommie Lee Jones provides an understated and utterly convincing portrait of Robicheaux, perhaps a definitive one, and he's surrounded by an extraordinary cast no less adept at economically presenting characters on both sides of the good and evil divide.     The movie is a remarkable accomplishment. It does not fully capture the book (read the book and you'll see why), but it takes the central metaphor in the book--the 'living' presence of the Confederate dead, with all that they represent--and refocuses the symbol into the presence of John Bell Hood (played beautifully by Levon Helm).  The very last scene in the film takes one further step inthis refocusing, one that gilds the lily unnecessarily, but it's a forgivable and brief excess in a project which succeeds as a top-flight noir crime story, an action-adventure tale, a regional portrait, and a case study of how brilliant actors do their jobs. (In addition to Helm, by the way, the film features the great bluesman Buddy Guy.)  The movie is well worth seeing.
B001GCUER0|2.0|The first season of Mad Men reached for greatness but was pulled down by its flaws. The second season is an embarrasing train wreck. All the flaws of the first season have now become the heart of the show. The premise has degenerated to a bunch of baby boomers telling us how great they are through a melodramatic story full of one-dimensional characters whose only purpose is to tell morality tales.    The most telling scene is a picnic set-piece done in one episode. We have the idealic family picnic in the woods. But at the end of the picnic, the family simply shakes off their blanket dumping their trash on the ground and walking away. The scene is very dramatic but at same time completely inaccurate and almost unreal. The US had a little problem in that era, but it wasn't a litter problem involving rich families who didn't know what trash cans were. The typical litter problem of the era was people throwing things out of cars and treating roads like landfills. In every era there are of course people with no class who would dump picnic trash right on the ground, but that behavior carried through to the rest of their lives. It did end (as in the show) at the picnic grounds.  But thats the real problem. The picnic isn't about storytelling or building characters, its simply another set-piece \\"morality moment\\" in the show that ends up being untrue to the characters and the history of the era.    Jon Hamm's brilliant portrayal of Don Draper in the first season has decended into self-parody. Where in most of the previous season he was a window into business of the era, in the second season he is nothing more than a pathetic punching bag. \\"Betty\\" is just pathetic. She is nothing more now than a collection of tired \\"helpless women\\" stereotypes. The relentless logic of the show is generally that men are evil and must be punished....while women are helpless victims of the world who we should cry endless tears of pity over.     Elizabeth Moss's character Peggy is in many ways even more pathetic than Betty. After the stupidity of her giving birth without even knowing she was pregnant, what we get is more unreal melodrama. Peggy is supposed to be the 1960s uber-woman ushering in change. But the writers were utterly disinterested in making a real character out of her or trying to understand what such a person would be like. Peggy is supposed to be the rising star, but she is written as the classic affair secretary in the office complete with married man who really loves her and love-child. I mean in one breath we are supposed to believe that she is this smart and ultra-talented women who rises in advertising because she is so good. But at the same time she is supposed to be so thick that she is unaware of being pregnant up to the moment of giving birth.     As for the rest, we get an office rape. We get a bunch of one-dimensional gay characters doing their piece of the morality play. We get another stereotype to show us how we should all eat right and exercise so we can successfully chase younger women when we are older. Its like they have a chart and every character has a \\"problem\\", a victim event and a path to redemption through a childish interpretation of the 1960s.    What sad is that it could have all been so much better. The cast, the music, the direction and the production design are all incredible. But the show collapses because the plotting is just soo bad.  What I wanted to see was how people really lived in an era of bad habits and many bad ideas. What the show has given me is a one-dimensional morality tale melodrama where every plot-point is about how bad and messed up \\"those people\\" were.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I've had a baby in the past year and do not pee myself when laughing, sneezing, frightened, etc, so my kegels are in decent shape. But I've done the video for five consecutive days now, and peed myself for two of them.    I read another review that said something similar, so I know I'm not alone. Wear a pantyliner when you do this video.    As far as the workout goes, it's quick and seemed brutal the first three days. The past two, it's been easier on me. So far, I like it because the moves are easy to copy (I'm not good at copying complex moves) and Jillian doesn't act all chipper and fake the way some workout ladies do.    But wear a pantyliner.
B00003CXXS|5.0|This is my favorite of the Jurassic Park movies, which is unusual in that it is a sequel.     Great story line, great acting and believable characters with enough depth to keep you involved and in suspense... and the dinos are excellently done.  Spinosaurus is of course hands down the star of the show, and perhaps I'm a bit biased since its just a really cool animal to watch.      I'll give it five stars although I do have to wonder why this poor Spino animal is so bound and determined to get at these guys, who can't present much of a meal compared to the other fare on the island (not to mention still hungry after eating a 50 ton Tyrannosaurus early in the movie, being shot at, at and at one point even doused in alcohol and burned alive).   But, hey.    I'm also slightly irritated by the fact that all the Jurassic Park dinos in all the movies have identical butts sticking way up in the air and synchronized twiddly tails, they look like computer point and click copies of each other in large groups.    I have to ask generally:   Why are all the two legged dinosaurs always stooped so low, hunched like old ladies with their tails higher their heads?      Balance-schmalance.   Surely if an animal learns to walk on two legs, its so that it can walk around with its head up high and have a good view around.....not much use walking on two legs and being stooped in the exact same four-leg position, way down at park human-grabbing height.    ah well.   What do I know?
B00016ZQXE|5.0|Their hardest and heaviest effort to date,\\"News Of The World\\" was the band's stripped-down response to the thuggish punk whiners who branded them as \\"dinosaurs\\".From the one-two jack-boot punch of \\"We Will Rock You\\" and \\"We Are The Champions\\",the proto-thrash-metal of \\"Sheer Heart Attack\\",the neo-industrial-funk grind of \\"Get Down,Make Love\\" to the Led Zep-style blast of \\"It's Late\\",Queen scales back the more florid touches of the previous efforts in favor of a more straightfoward,colder but more aggressive approach to their pomp-rock.That said,there's still quite a lot of musical varitey here,from the soft-rock balladry of \\"All Dead,All Dead\\" and \\"Spread Your Wings\\",the Latin-tinged romp \\"Who Needs You\\" and Freddie's cabaret-like closer \\"My Melancholy Blues\\".The 2004 mini-LP replica contains a superb 2001 remastering(by Peter Mew at Abbey Road)that buries all the previous editions,sounds sharper,cleaner and more powerful than ever.The mini-LP itself is a beauty also.Get it where you can buy it cheapest,cause it's worth it!
B001R4SYPG|1.0|I'm an adventurous music lover: will listen to almost anything. \\"In C\\" is a work that dilutes the emotional connection that music provides and renders it to an intellectual exercise in monotony.  Even minimalism should have some harmonic narrative. If you enjoy listening to people pound on various instruments in the key of C, then this is your cup of tea.
B001RTSPVY|5.0|Breaking Bad is in my opinion the best serial scripted show on TV. I've certainly enjoyed some episodes more then others, but I've yet to see a bad episode.   Season 2 picks up right where season one left off, and carries the show and its characters further down  the inevitable dark path they began in season one.  In season one, Walt was a more likable character. He's a smart unassuming middle age family Man, who's grown tired of life screwing him over, and then gets a death sentence thrown in his lap. It was easier to understand and sympathize with his motivations, mainly wanting to be able to leave his family a nest egg once he is gone. Walt was a good man, being put in horrible situations, with no good answers.  In season two, with twice the episodes, Walt and Jesse begin making some monetary progress, but also begin facing the consequences of the their bad actions and decisions. Murphy's law continues throughout the second season, and Walt begins to lose his innocence. Crazy Eight had warned him in season one to get out before it was too late. Walt's motivations are less pure, as pride, arrogance, greed and boredom, start to become his reasons for staying in the business. In the second to last episode of the season, Walt commits IMO his coldest act yet, with his passive and selfish indifference to Jane's death.  Season 2 is well written and well acted, with numerous plot points that span the episodes.   Despite the dark themes, realism and humor remain strong points of the show.   My only criticism would be the plane crash scene, while well executed and certainly plausible, it just seemed a bit over the top to me, and out of line with a show so well grounded in its realism.   Also, I'm a little disappointed that some great characters, are being dispatched so quickly. Crazy eight, Tuco and especially Jane, could have brought more to the show. In fact, I thought the Jesse/Jane combo was a good idea, and should have been played out much longer.  Some interesting trivia for those who don't know, is that Jesse was originally supposed to die at the end of season one, but the writers strike, shortened the season and it never happened. Also, Hank and his partner were supposed to have something very bad happen to them at the end of season one as well, but again the strike intervened. Also in season two, in the scene with Jane's death, Jane was originally supposed to start choking right after Walt left, instead it was changed to allow Walt to witness it.   I cannot comment on the DVD's, packing or extra's since they are not actually, released yet, but honestly who reads the reviews and decides to buy an entire season of something based on the extras and packaging?
B0026NWBY2|4.0|While his band mates in the Beatles have had 1-2 disc retrospectives in the past (Lennon even had a full box set), for whatever reason George Harrison has never gotten the kind of retrospective set he deserves. Let it Roll is certainly an improvement on the way-too sparse \\"Best of\\" from 1975 and badly chosen \\"Dark Horse Years\\" sets. But other reviews are correct, this should have been a 2 disc set.  George certainly has enough released material for an additional disc that could include the following;    Awaiting On You All  Wah-Wah  Sue Me, Sue You Blues  This Song  The Art of Dying  Living in the Material World  Bangladesh  Ding Dong  You  Dark Horse  Crackerbox Palace  Apple Scruffs  Behind That Locked Door  Run of the Mill  If Not for You  Let it Down    But to be fair, George was never one to rush release any of his albums, he always took an \\"old masters\\" approach. So even after his departure from this world, his approach must have carried down to anyone trusted with his legacy.
B0025WUK1U|5.0|Twelve years after Jeff Buckley's death, we are still presented with new items. Here we have a disk of live performances, both in DVD and CD form. The performances are tremendous as always, and it is interesting to see the camera movement in the MTV recordings, and the evil eyes Jeff gives them. Vancouver is always a pleasure to hear live because it was in the beginning stages at the time the band was touring; it turned into a gorgeous song. The \\"Star Tours\\" segment and Merri Cyr's interview are fabulous (albiet short) clips that showcase Jeff's sense of humor and sense of frustration with fame.<br /><br />Also included is a documentary called Amazing Grace made by a few fans. It is about Jeff's legacy through his fans, which runs the gamut of unknown painters and musicians to big names and friends. There are some really insightful comments about Jeff in the documentary, about his music and his own soul, why his music is so important to artists, and what he has inspired.<br /><br />The set also includes some cute little additions, like postcards, a copy of a backstage pass, Jeff's boarding pass, and a two-sided poster.<br /><br />Jeff lives and breathes through his music, and sets like this prolong his memory. It is truly beautiful.
0446615641|4.0|I read this book, in the series out of sequence.  Oliver Stone, John Carr is a Great American who with the help of The Camel Club, certainly deserves every accolade affordable.  I'll miss the Milton character, he was an important cog in the club.  Oliver trying and succeeding to make things right seemed to go astray in the running the country with so many different agendas is a definite page-turner.
B00028HBKM|5.0|A must have for dvd collectors. Best DVD of All Time. A must see. It will change your Life.
B000FQJAIW|5.0|The Original Theatrical versions are in their original 2.35:1 Widescreen aspect, letterboxed within a 3x4 screen format - not anamorphic - which is clearly indicated on the packaging. You can view this \\"full-size\\" on your 16x9 TV by setting your DVD player's HDMI output to 3x4/pillar-box if necessary, and then setting your TV to \\"zoom\\" so that the screen is filled side to side with the picture. There will be slim black bars on the top and bottom, just as there are on anamorphic DVD's with a 2.35:1 aspect ratio.     Even with the zoom in effect, the picture is crystal clear and the color great. I'm using an upconvert DVD player with HDMI output (1080p), and a 50-inch plasma HD television. Some have said in reviews that the picture quality is poor, even \\"VHS quality\\", but that's totally false. I've read that the originals here were taken from the laser-disc masters done in the early 90's; well, they look great however they were sourced. The sound is Dolby 2.0 Stereo (as indicated on the package) and sounds excellent. I get some center-channel and sub-woofer action as well as the stereo music and sound-effects on my system.     If a blu-ray/HD version is ever issued, that will be great and an improvement; but this is the only way to get the original films on DVD at this time, and they look great, so this set is essential for fans who saw these movies in theatres when they were released between 1977 and 1983 and want to see them once again in their original glory.
055357342X|5.0|The books grab and don't let go.  Others have given excellent reviews of the books better than I could.  I am grateful that I did not discover the series until four books had been written.  Now I am stuck with the rest of you hoping that the other two actually happen.  What if he leaves us hanging?    Reading this series has made me so grateful that I live in this country of laws.  Fairness is not a natural concept, but we do try.  Living in the world of Fire and Ice would be horrible and I am so happy that I do not.
B001EN71DG|5.0|This box contains the previously released \\"limited edition\\" 2-disc sets, now in 3 slim-line cases, which means you get STAR WARS, THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, and RETURN OF THE JEDI in both the original theatrical versions (for the first time on DVD!) and the re-worked \\"special editions\\" from the mid 90's.     I purchased these mainly for the original theatrical versions and my comments relate to those versions only.    The Original Theatrical versions are in their original 2.35:1 Widescreen aspect, letterboxed within a 3x4 screen format - not anamorphic - which is clearly indicated on the packaging. You can view this \\"full-size\\" on your 16x9 TV by setting your DVD player's HDMI output to 3x4/pillar-box if necessary, and then setting your TV to \\"zoom\\" so that the screen is filled side to side with the picture. There will be slim black bars on the top and bottom, just as there are on anamorphic DVD's with a 2.35:1 aspect ratio.    Even with the zoom in effect, the picture is crystal clear and the color great. I'm using an upconvert DVD player with HDMI output (1080p), and a 50-inch plasma HD television.  Some have said in reviews that the picture quality is poor, even \\"VHS quality\\", but that's totally false. I've read that the originals here were taken from the laser-disc masters done in the early 90's; well, they look great however they were sourced. The sound is Dolby 2.0 Stereo (as indicated on the package) and sounds excellent. I get some center-channel and sub-woofer action as well as the stereo music and sound-effects on my system.    If a blu-ray/HD version is ever issued, that will be great and an improvement; but this is the only way to get the original films on DVD at this time, and they look great, so this set is essential for fans who saw these movies in theatres when they were released between 1977 and 1983 and want to see them once again in their original glory.
0061767581|5.0|I love Lauren Conrad..so I bought the book and I have to say I absolutely LOVE LOVE it! I totally reccomend people to buy it!
B000C13Y2S|1.0|Sent it back to amazon for a refund.  Cheap.  The switch is what broke and couldn't turn it on/off.
1604244674|5.0|What a delightful book! Many of us our familiar with the basic Dorian Gray fable - a man yearns for immortality and gets it. In Wilde's take, Dorian Gray, a young handsome teenager wishes the deprecating effects of age to strike his portrait and not his flesh. He gets his wish and at the goading of Lord Henry becomes an absolute hedonist. Always within though there seems to be a remorseful conscience, a longing for purity. But the ease of depravity squashes moral sentiments before they take root. In the end though, the ageless man finally confronts his portrait...<br /><br />After learning of the author, Oscar Wilde, I was surprised that the book came from his pen (thinly veiled homoeroticism nonwithstanding). I interpreted the book as a cautionary tale against heedlessness and indulgence - basically against the materialist character of Lord Henry. It is a moral tale that explores themes of beauty and its subsidary: age. One cannot help but see one's own portrait in the depiction of young Dorian Gray.<br /><br />I found the writing of the book to be fantastic. Great dialogue and monologues with the British witticisms that you would expect.
B0009MAO46|5.0|Hi everyone! Just wanted to let you know that Toy Story 2 is an awesome movie!! it is worth every penny.
B0018BB20W|5.0|Days Of Future Passed is the definitive Moody Blues album containing some of there most known songs such as, \\"Nights In White Satin\\", and, \\"The Afternoon\\", but there is much more to this album then the known songs. First off if your a real music fan you know or should know that the Moody Blues recorded many great timeless albums such as, \\"Days Of Future Passed\\", \\"In Search Of The Lost Chord\\", \\"To Our Childrens Childrens Children\\", \\"Question Of Balance\\", and \\"Every Good Boy Deserves Favour\\", most of which are never mentioned as great albums and are very very underatted albums including, \\"Days Of Future Passed\\". Recorded in 1967 during a year of what some say as rocks most creative period with some of the greatest albums ever realesed of all time, \\"Sgt. Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band\\", \\"Are You Experienced\\", \\"Disraeli Gears\\", \\"S.F. Sorrow\\", \\"The Piper At The Gates Of Dawn\\", and this album is one of them. Days Of Future Passed is a concept album that is simply about a common day with seven tracks in total all containing beautifully arranged strings, and beautifully arranged songs that make this album a must have for any music lover. If you want to hear some of the most beautiful music ever record of all time this album is for you.
B0000028M7|5.0|This cd is just 100% kick @$$. Great lyrics and so many classics off of this cd including rooster, them bones, angry chair and would and many others. Definitely buy this if you love hard rock
B00026WU64|5.0|The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan was realesed back in 1963 over 46 years ago yet still is a timeless and classic album. This was way back when Dylan was still a folkie and two years before he plugged in. This album's topics range from things that were maijor topics over 40 years ago, segeragation, nuclear warfare, and well change of course. Tracks such as, \\"Blowin' In The Wind\\", and \\"Masters Of War\\", find Dylan protesting against segregation and war and the millitary(the masters of war), and in the song he sings, \\"And I hope you die\\", were lyrics that were never sung or recorded ever before till then. Songs like, \\"A Hard Rain's A Gonna Fall\\", was about that something was going to happen due to the fact it was written at a time when the whole world feared that nuclear anhilation was eminent, \\"Talking World War Three Blues\\", was about a sort of dream Dylan had about how World War Three happened and how it was \\"just a bad dream\\". Freewheelin' finds Dylan for the first time writing songs with protest and meaning, and like I said was and is the first of the many great albums Dylan has came out with.
B001GCUNYO|4.0|Liam Neeson is great as an overprotective Dad out to save his daughter. It's an action packed movie that's entertaining from start to finish. There's never a dull moment. If you like action movies, you'll like Taken.
1592289444|4.0|\\"The Long Walk\\" has been the subject of intense debate ever since its release in 1956.  The remarkable story of Slawomir Rawicz's escape from a Soviet labor camp and subsequent trek to India has attracted critics who question whether the story is true, or a work of fiction.  Most recently, in 2006 a BBC journalist investigated Rawicz's account and found evidence that casts doubt on many of the book's details.  Most notably, the BBC obtained documents suggesting that Rawicz was released from the gulag in 1942 as part of a broad amnesty for Polish prisoners - and therefore never would have needed to escape.<br /><br />I wasn't aware of the controversy when I started reading the book.  And now that I've finished it, and reviewed some of the challenges of its critics, I believe that there are indeed many embellishments and inconsistencies in the story.  Truth be told, it's hard not to be skeptical as you read some of the chapters, in particular the author's experiences in the Gobi desert and in the Himalayas.  Quite likely, Rawicz and his companions had a horrific experience in the labor camp, and a long journey on foot after they left the gulag.  Whether the escape occurred as claimed, or the experiences through China and Tibet are real, is open to question.<br /><br />These shortcomings are disappointing, but they shouldn't prevent people from reading the book.  Even if embellished, or even largely fictionalized, \\"The Long Walk\\" is a powerful and gripping story.  It's a bit like a cross between historical fiction and a personal memoir.  The events and characters are based on reality, even if many of the details never occurred.  Bear that in mind before diving in and you'll enjoy the book - and probably recommend it to others.
B001QTXM5Y|1.0|I saw this movie in the theater back in March.  I do not see what the point of this movie was or why it was so popular.  If I may be blunt this was the biggest piece of garbage to come into the cinema.  The story made no sense, the acting was absolutely terrible, and it was way too violent.  It was too long and pornographic as well so this is not a movie for little children.  Do yourself a favor and do not waste three hours of your life and do something more constructive.
B001EO2UJK|5.0|I received the collection a few weeks ago.  I've read many of the reviews complaining of sound quality due to the remastering.  I think that the remastering of the early CD's has left them with a certain timbre that may be disagreeable to some.  But this is not reason enough to avoid buying the collection.  In fact, the collection is absolutely astounding in so many ways.  Most importnatly listening to the DVD Audio versions of the early albums on a Dolby 5.1 system simply blew my mind.  The albums sound absolutely exceptional.      I have never seen this line-up of the band live (have seen Peter Gabriel live (spectacular) and later versions of Genesis live) but the video clips from various television appearances are just plain cool.  The video and audio quality is generally mediocre to poor but it left me with a clear impression of what it would have been to see the band live in the early 70's.  I think these old video clips are priceless.    Finally, the DVD video discs contain interviews of each of the members of the band commenting on each of the early CD's.  There is a great deal of honesty in those interviews that one rarely sees in music today.  A particularly poignant moment is when the listener can juxtapose the answer that each band member gives as to why the band should or should not reform for some kind of reunion.  Peter Gabriel gives his reason for saying \\"No\\".  Later, Phil Collins says he would do it and seems to make a point of saying he would only do it if he just played the drums.  An apparent attempt to remove any obstacles for Peter Gabriel to participate.  If Only!
B00192IV0O|3.0|This is a pretty good CD its alot of that autotune stuff on their but its easy to get over because the energy of their music kinda drowns it out..but the best song on the entire CD 2 me is proabably Boom Boom Pow
B0025X4P56|4.0|Being a huge Eels/E fan and just having read his awesome autobiography I was sure that he simply cannot release anything that is not at least \\"good\\". After his masterpiece \\"Blinking Lights\\" I had personally hoped for some kind of next step in his musical career but rather E decided to release an album that contains songs that could have easily appeared on \\"Blinking lights\\" or \\"Souljacker\\". Actually the albums sounds like a mix of these two albums. Some very great tunes (\\"That look..\\", \\"The longing\\", \\"Ordinary man\\" and \\"Fresh Blood\\") but for the first time also some kind of fillers (\\"Lilac wind\\", \\"Beautiful things\\"). Still a great album with absolute gems on it. Maybe I just expected more (maybe too much). Maybe there can be nothing better than \\"Blinking Lights\\"...
B000059MEK|5.0|This is by far the most cohesive album DP has put out during their career. I think that's what makes it stand out from their other albums, which tend to go all over the place sound wise. Still good albums, but not as good as Discovery.     One More Time - Everyone and your mama has heard this song...has a real celebratory feel to it, and it utilizes auto-tune in the format it was made for. I still find it hard to believe that the sample of \\"More Spell On You\\" by Eddie Johns wasn't used in this track (I personally think they got away with using it lol) 5/5    Aerodynamic - This song should be on Guitar Hero....the solo is killer...the bell tolling intro and the switch-up toward the end are also a nice touch! 5/5    Digital Love - The sample is picked very nicely and meshes well with the thumping beats and vocoder-heavy vocals....this is like part two of \\"One More Time\\" 5/5    Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger - This has gained even more popularity after Kanye West sampled it in 2007. Great robotic, electronic music, with some seriously talented use of the vocoder once again. 5/5    Crescendolls - HEY!!!! This induces insane behavior, and even more insane dancing. 5/5    Nightvision - I only wish it was longer. Chill music, provides a soft break from the high energy of the first five cuts. 5/5    Superheroes - Put on your cape, and zoom around with the energy of this one! The Barry Manilow sample is a little humorous, but adds to the life of the song. 5/5    High Life - No sample credit in this? Really? Nice track, though a bit repetitive, the groove is strong, and gives a feel a la fashion show... 4/5    Something About Us - Chill vibe...kind of a part two of Nightvision with vocals...pout yourself an icy glass of something, or kiss your girl to this lol 5/5    Voyager - Not a standout track, but engaging bass line, and nicely added keys toward the end. 4/5    Veridis Quo - Also, not a standout. It's the only passable track here, but even it isn't a bad one. 3/5    Short Circuit - The ending is worth it. This is very weird and crazy, so if you're into that sort of electronic style you can get down with this. 4/5    Face to Face - Great beat, and fun lyrics and vocals...has a bit of a Prince or Michael Jackson vibe. 5/5    Too Long - Is wayyyy too long. Would've done fine as a 5 minute track. Otherwise, very nice way to close the album out. 3.5/5    Classic DP album, go cop that!
0060900075|1.0|From /Wikipedia  \\"Following his education at Balliol, Huxley was financially indebted to his father and had to earn a living. He taught French for a year at Eton, where Eric Blair (later known by the pen name George Orwell) and Stephen Runciman were among his pupils, but was remembered by another as an incompetent and hopeless teacher who couldn't keep discipline. Nevertheless, Blair and others were impressed by his use of words.\\"    Although \\"By the end of his life Huxley was considered, in some academic circles, a leader of modern thought and an intellectual of the highest rank,\\"  after taking a quick overall look at his life, I feel he was a limp sort of intellectual full of himself, his words, and his thoughts.  I perceived this in the off topic ramblings and flowery prose that is interspersed between a few valid insights in \\"The Doors of Perception\\".    \\"Heaven and Hell\\" has even fewer and weaker insights.  (I swear if he referred to the \\"antipodes of the mind\\" or \\"preternatural light\\" one more time I would've screamed.)    He was apparently born into a rich, privileged family and in fact he doesn't seem much different than the current generation of bored, aimless, youth that have everything handed to them and so turn to drugs as an antidote to their meaningless, apathetic existences.    I also don't think he lived long enough to gain perspective on the pros vs. cons of using \\"mind altering\\" drugs.  And as with other drug deluded personalities clung to his artificially induced enlightenment above all else.    A much more modern look at psychedelic drugs and their overall effects on the body, mind, and spirit is documented in Jost Sauer's \\"Higher and Higher\\".  A fascinating and compelling drug use odyssey.    One of the main problems with using drugs is that the user looses his ability to glean pleasure and joy from the mundane because he has tasted an artificial pleasure and so always yearns for that level of pleasure.   I imagine it is hard to find that levelof pleasure without the substance.    Better to never have tasted it and to learn to find comparable  levels of joy, peace and contentment in the world as it is.       Drugs are so like a mirage.  The pleasure they bring is artificial and drains away as soon as the effects wear off.  Wereas if a person learns  to find joy and the profound in simple, utterly simple, everyday things there is no need for drugs.  THIS IS A LEARNED THING, you learn it as you go through life and once you do drugs you stop learning this and  go straight for the drug instead.
B00000DR5D|5.0|Another essential TD disc, this live album captures 'the sound' of this group in their classic mid-70s lineup...perhaps the quintessential TD sound.<br /><br />This is two long tracks, but don't let that turn you away.  If you like the soundtrack to Sorcerer, you will love what they're doing here.  While Sorcerer has more tracks, shorter and succinct, Ricochet incorporates many of the same sounds and sequencers (remember that the Sorcerer music was scored while Friedkin was still filming in the jungle, hence the gap from this 1976 performance and the film's 1978 release).  Amazing that this was performed with only three players, sounds well coordinated with cutting-edge equipment.<br /><br />As others have noted, this is not a complete show.  I believe this is taken from two separate shows, and there is some doctoring and dubbing.  Of course, this was (and is) fairly common practice with live albums in order to release something of high quality that the band thought was representative of the live show, but purists want the uncut, undoctored stuff.  The Bootleg box sets that appeared several years ago, along with the excellent Bootmoon series, helped quench that thirst.  Still, this sounds excellent, it's very clear and without that muddiness present even on the studio albums.<br /><br />A classic representation of those TD sequencers, absolutely relentless, along with a few industrial sounds thrown in (the ominous clunking midway through Part 2).  This particular release has been around for some time, though am curious if they plan to re-release these classic albums, perhaps with bonus material.  Highly recommended for electronic music fans.
B00005AUC4|3.0|Nice music-nothing to watch surely if even funny cons on run play the fools of the 30th last century.<br /><br />Only a Ku Klux Klun ceremony is something educative to me.
0767903862|5.0|I read this book almost twice--first silently to myself, then every other paragraph had to be read aloud to my husband. I felt like I had encountered Dave Barry, Carl Hiassen, and Art Buchwald all rolled into one very funny writer.     I won't repeat all the accolades written by other reviewers. I will say that I finished the book on 7/30/08, and we were boarding a plane for New Zealand/Australia on 10/26/08. A wonderful trip inspired by a great travel book.
B001P5Q6F2|5.0|What more do fans want? If LOG branches sharply into new musical directions, they'll be chopped down for selling out, and if they stay exactly the same, they'll be accused of repeating a formula.     This disc leans toward the latter, but not so much that it's routine. In fact, I consider the production on this disc to be among of the current benchmarks in the genre--crisp and heavy, front-and-center, sharp around the edges, state-of-the-art thrash.     Randy Blythe nails his vocals too, and they're mixed in like a fifth instrument, giving the songs a collective sonic weight.    As always, the musicianship is top notch here, especially the guitar playing, and of course, the drums. I consider Chris Adler to be the Neil Peart of... well, his playing defies genre. He's just amazing to listen to.     If I had to pick one song to highlight, I'd say \\"Contractor\\" and its head-crushing 25 second break toward the end. I'll never get tired of listening to that.
0007229674|4.0|Well, I read this book in about 2 1/2 days, which is quite unusual for me, as I'm not an avid book reader.  I was intrigued to find out that Chef Ramsay's upbringing was far from perfect, and this pushed him to become successful.  He does do a bit of bragging in the book, but working in the culinary industry is very difficult. It's high pressure and non-stop pretty much 7-days a week, so he's entitled.  I enjoyed the fact that he was honest about his early business deals and how they were not successful, but he learned a lot from them and even though he did not succeed at first, he kept going.  I would say if you're a fan of Chef Ramsay, then you'll enjoy this book.
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|We just took out 4 years old daughter to see it and she totally loved it. The movie, the dog, the baloons.... The 3D was incredible, she was trying to touch the screen. Can't wait for the DVD!
0312360266|4.0|This book is very good. I give the author's credit. I was gripped the entire time. The main character is sassy, sarcastic, and just fun. HOWEVER, I'm 23, and I do NOT recommend this book for anyone younger than 18. The F-Bombs dropped, the language, the sexual references and undertones are not for teens. Parents, keep this in mind before deciding whether or not to purchase this for your young teen.
B001KPK6Q2|5.0|Great music, that anyone can listen too. Has many more songs on it that are good compared to most albums to day. A lot of guys don't like her music but I do she is a great singer.
B000TGCR38|1.0|Although this movie was given some good review before, its (English) translation/sub-title is definitely lousy <some of my friends watching the movie with me got lost regarding the movie dialogue & plot>.
B001MS7IBS|5.0|Great show like everything with J.J. Abrams, you just want to say d*** you for getting me addicted to another show. It's about as bad as Joss Wheldon
B000AADYUI|2.0|As a simple listen proves, the Airplane was at its best in the 60s, when San Francisco and psychedelia merged with the local music scene to make one momentous impact.  The Airplane was easily the most popular of several fine local bands, with a great mixture of talent among its members.  That homogeneity lasted about as long as Love Street, and when Marty Balin was ridiculed and shoved off the plane by Kantnerslick, the flight was essentially over.  Sociopolitical elements, once interwoven in the fabric of the music, now began to grow increasingly strident, and the hijackers' egos grew to alien proportions.  On the Starship, laughing at oneself was frowned upon.<br />It's not a worthless album - not with the likes of Kaukonen, Casady, Garcia, Crosby, etc. contributing signature licks - but it isn't a great one.  This indeed marks the end of the great albums.  Some might call it a noble failure, but there's not much noble about it.  This is, if you simply listen, just another propaganda grab at a new world order.  Kantnerslick failed here, and their subsequent efforts grew increasingly trite and irrelevant.<br />Check it out.  Play their albums from the beginning, and give yourself credit for recognizing the end of a great band and a great era.
0307277453|5.0|This is a phenomenal book, and I highly recommend it to everyone.  Shubin has managed to write for the biology neophyte as well as the more adept, creating a work that is interesting no matter your level of expertise.  If you are unfamiliar with the study of fossils or embryological development, Shubin explains these step-by-step.  If you've got a degree in biology, then you will learn new, fascinating ways in which we are linked with our ancestors.  (I've been excited to apply the knowledge that our blood won't flow up our leg veins without regular exercise.) But if you're starting off with basically no knowledge of biology, then you may want to pick up [[ASIN:0975390406 Random Designer: Created from Chaos to Connect with the Creator]] instead, which is decidedly more basic than this book.<br /><br />There are [[ASIN:0743290313 some]] out there who claim that there are structures that are irreducibly complex, and can't possibly evolve.  They say there are too many unique structures in too many organisms, found nowhere else.  And if you want to find the truth of this, you must go to the cellular or genetic levels.  Shubin proofs these statements.  He shows again and again how the structures that we have in our bodies are nearly identical to structures in reptiles, amphibians, bony fish, flies, worms, and even anemones and sponges.  They are identical at the cellular and genetic level- but simply used for other purposes in other organisms, as the Theory of Evolution has always stated.  And it is because of our genetic lineage of jerry-rigged bodies that we have so many maladies today, from mitochondrial illnesses to hernias- vivid proof that we are in no way intelligently designed.
B00005JM20|4.0|The plot was pretty thin, but who cares? This is a comedy, not a James Bond-type action film. Rowan Atkinson is Johnny English, and he gives his character his usual comic brilliance that's found in \\"Not the Nine O'Clock News.\\" John Malkovich is pretty funny as the antagonist, but not as funny as I expected him to be. Still, he isn't all that bad. The rest of the supporting cast do a great job with their roles. As for the jokes, only a few fall flat.
B001W63DXC|4.0|For all of us who've seen 'Flight 666' this is a brilliant must have. Even though there is a glut of live Maiden cd's out there, this one is superb, way better than 'Death on the Road'! There's also the 2 DVD set which has the concert so either way you can get the full show. Only criticism, which several other reviewers have noted, is the fade out between tracks. It's very clear that all these songs were recorded in different cities, so there is no attempt to fool fans into thinking this was recorded at one show, but if they'd just segued one song into the other it would have created a better 'vibe' in my opinion, allowing the listener to zone out and imagine themselves at the full show. Minor criticism though. Highly recommended!
B000007T2Z|5.0|If you've ever wondered what the end of the world was like, listen to this album.
0385340575|2.0|The Jack Reacher of the earlier novels is gone; all that remains is a shell of a man who, for much of the story, acts as little more than a bystander to what is happening around him, until nearly halfway through Gone Tomorrow.  The story opens with an interesting scene involving a suicide, including a tedious recitation of ways to identify a suicide terrorist, then virtually nothing happens until almost page 180.    The early Reacher was immediately involved in the storyline, often with strong action, maintaining an intense pace until the end. In Gone Tomorrow, Reacher does little except stand by and speculate, rather than act as the action hero.    One reviewer gave a personal guarantee that I would not be disappointed with Gone Tomorrow. Well, I am here to collect on that guarantee. I found the book tedious, slow-paced, and boring.  I miss the old Reacher. Perhaps, it is time for him to settle down with his buddies and tell their war stories; he is no longer an action hero.    I alse had a problem with many of the carboard characters: the men in black suits from an intelligence agency, lawless private security, inept police, a required woman for an irrelveant sex scene, psychopathic killers, a superficial and obviously devious Senator, and the use of traveling back and forth from New York to Washington.    The main premise, of a secret operation in the Middle East which resulted in awards for the participants, but which is also buried deep inside a miitary depository of secrets, is, of course, a huge blinking sign that says, \\"Here is the answer.\\" Since it involved a Senator running for President, the reader is not-so-subtly reminded that this \\"secret\\" could bring down the candidate.      A great deal of time was wasted in the author creating a \\"mood,\\" and little time with moving the story ahead.      Reacher was an action hero, now he is just a middle-aged man who wanders the night, occasionally buys new clothes, lives on the cheap, and seems to have never learned--after 12 novel adventures--how to deal with modern technology, including turning off a cell phone.  He comes across as being a man out of his element, an anachronism in a modern world. No wonder it takes him so long to discover the obvious solutions to the questions posed in Gone Tomorrow.
B001MEJY8W|3.0|\\"Martyrs\\" is a difficult film to watch, as well as review.  I, myself, didn't enjoy it, but didn't feel like I wasted my money buying it, either.  After all, it has all the elements that make up a great horror film - there's a lot of blood, it's filled with perilous situations, and the acting is great, which is a plus.  The only problem is (and it's a big one) is how the film makes the viewer feel afterwards.  It's not a good feeling.  I, personally, felt mildly depressed.  It's like reading Nietzche, or watching \\"Salo,\\" or looking at a Bruegel painting - some great works of art are not meant to make a person happy, but they should make a person think.  After watching \\"Martyrs,\\" the only thought that I had going through my mind was \\"what's the point?\\"
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|Man, its just hard not to like Eastwood films!!  Ever since Play Misty for Me, Clint's directorial projects have consistently been high-quality films.<br /><br />This is probably my favorite Eastwood project - it is multi-layered, affectionate, surprising, and thoroughly engaging.  It makes a pointed and very necessary statement on racial attitudes in the US today.  Moreover, it is an equal-opportunity statement - eventually NO ONE escapes the wrath of Walter Kowalski.<br /><br />Clint portrays an embittered war veteran whose racial attitudes strangely enough seem to come more from popular stereotypes ingrained in his head rather his own personal beliefs.  For me, it seems he is more upset that time has wrought such dramatic changes in his life - he has not had the time or the inclination to catch up with those changes.  He is also in a vulnerable place.  He just lost his wife, his relationship with his sons leaves much to be desired, he has little patience with religious ideas(or so it seems) and he is not well at all for the new racial fabric of his neighborhood.  He DID cherish his wife/marriage, his service to his country, and it appears his only current pleasure is his prized possession, his Gran Torino.<br /><br />Without giving away too much of the plot, suffice it to say, he eventually \\"modifies\\" his attitude through his involvement with an Asian family living next door.<br /><br />The ending is indeed touching and heroic and quite frankly, beautiful. Strangely enough, however, it seemed disconcertingly like the conclusion of Dirty Harry rather than Walter Kowalski -  this makes it all the more sadder yet infinitely more gratifying.  Clint was just wonderful as Kowalski and the actors portraying Sue and Thao were equally impressive.<br /><br />This one, I'm sure I'll watch over and over again. I hiiiiiiighly recommend.
B001HN69AE|1.0|worst movie every made in the world i hope they don't screw up cowboy bebop.
B000O75F7C|2.0|I feel misled by the other reviews. The same pathetic lyrical content is recycled through every song: I am a bored teenager who hates my parents and wonders the mall stoned with no other purpose in life than to play XBox and feel sorry for myself. I don't know what motivated Steve Wilson to devote an entire release to this theme, but my copy is now in the round file. The music is OK, but not any better than previous PT. I recommend buying a different Porcupine Tree album if this is to be your first. I honestly enjoy Deadwing and still am interested in other material by PT and Steve Wilson.
B001W63DXC|1.0|Live album after poor studio album after compilation followed by live album and now we have two concepts rolled into one: a compilation of live recordings. It's been a trend for awhile with Maiden to release a live album after every studio album and it's going to carry on for awhile into the future. Seems Maiden need the cash badly.<br /><br />Songs that everyone's got multiple live recordings of I might add. \\"Oh but this is Maiden playing worldwide, showing you what a global fanbase they have.\\" BS, my good man. Balderdash.<br /><br />This is a band that is on it's last legs but one that chooses to stumble badly and drag it's broken, weak legs over a finish line somewhere in the distance. It's no wonder that along with this lack of inspiration and rip-0ff mentality comes a lost ability to write fresh material anymore. Maiden are a dead, dead band.
0307341569|5.0|Gillian Flynn has such a captivating style, you will not want to put this book down.<br /><br />The structure of this novel is quite dynamic and engaging. Flynn intersects present day narratives of the main character Libby Day with flashbacks from a tragic night in 1985. The structure allows the story to build in an organic way that makes this feel more like fact than fiction. And this creates amazing suspense. As the story further develops, so do the mysteries. Her writing style is accessible and real. This book reads like true crime, but this story is all Flynn's. This book did remind me of the book [[ASIN:1400065429 While They Slept: An Inquiry into the Murder of a Family]] by Kathryn Harrison, a nonfiction work. But Flynn pulls off everything Harrison tried to do, only successfully. And it is not because it is a work of fiction. Flynn has such a command of the story, the language, and structure that her work is superior. Her dialogue seems natural. The characters are well developed, all seeking sympathy but not always deserving.<br /><br />The story itself seems so plausible: Poor Libby Day is a survivor of a horrific family tragedy. When she was only seven, her mother and two sisters were murdered, apparently by her brother Ben ... or so the courts decided based on Libby's \\"eye witness\\" testimony. Today, Libby is an adult, although not functioning in any real sense of the word. Her tragedy and subsequent life of anger, isolation, and dysfunction have resulted in her being anything but over the tragedy. In fact, she has never really given it much thought: she has never gone through the boxes of her family's belongings, never seen her brother in prison, and no longer speaks to her run around, dead beat father. Until one day, realizing she is out of money, she decides to openly talk about her tragedy to the \\"Kill Club,\\" a group of armchair detectives that believe the case is still wide open. At their prodding (and funding), Libby decides to revisit that night, and all involved. What she uncovers makes that night even more of a mystery. Through a series of twists, Libby realizes she never really knew anything about that night, or her family. And her journey to find the truth begins ... and so does yours.  Together, you and Libby will find out what really happened.<br />You will not be disappointed. Highly recommended.What she uncovers makes that night even more of a mystery. Through a series of twists, Libby realizes she never really knew anything about that night, or her family. And her journey to find the truth begins ... and so does yours.  Together, you and Libby will find out what really happened.    You will not be disappointed. Highly recommended.
1423101472|5.0|I instantly became hooked. I bought the first 3 books in Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson series with the intent to give it to my brother for his 13th birthday. I was on a hunt to find him a great book series to pay him back for giving me his Golden Compass series, which i read within about 2 weeks. Long story short his birthday is coming up again, I have book 4 to give him and received The Last Olympian on Wednesday. I finished it Thursday night.    I COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN!    From beginning to end this book is non-stop action. It's battle after battle on multiple fronts. Undersea, on land, in the air, in the underworld, etc. This final book closes all loose ends and gives you the sense that everything is where it belongs in this Greek God's world.
B000001E3V|4.0|The 'In Concert' album contains the killer version of Why Does Love have to be so Sad? that this set only hints at.  For the full Derek and the Dominoes effect, you gotta buy both.
B0015XASFS|5.0|Josh has such an amazing voice. I went to see him in concert at The Pond in Anaheim and I had somewhat decent seats (on side of stage high up).  This DVD and CD brings back the wonderful memories of seeing Josh in concert. I thoroughly enjoyed the show from beginning to end. Josh is a gifted entertainer with a great sense of humor.  The quality of the DVD/CD set is excellent. My review of this release-simply fantastic!
9706271821|5.0|A mi, me gusta mucho mucho mucho este libro. Lo le&iacute;a muchos tiempos cada a&ntilde;o y mi hermanos les lo gusta t&aacute;mbien. Nuestra mam&aacute; le&iacute;a a nosotros antes de acuestaban.
B001V9LRTM|5.0|Since Amazon is ALWAYS very lacking in details about their DVD or Blu-Ray products, here is the press release that gives more detail (was on The Home Theater Forum):<br /><br />WHV Press Release: Woodstock 40th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition (DVD/BD)<br /><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />\\"Few documentaries have captured a time and place more completely, poignantly, and ... entertainingly.\\" -- Chicago Sun-Times, Roger Ebert<br /><br />\\"Not just a great slice-of-time documentary but the ultimate rock concert movie.\\"<br />-- Los Angeles Times, Chris Willman<br /><br />Woodstock: 3 Days of Peace & Music<br />The Director's Cut<br />40th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition<br /><br />Celebrating the Greatest Rock Concert in History!<br />On Blu-ray and DVD June 9 from Warner Home Video<br /><br />Three hours of enhanced content includes two hours of<br />bonus performances, some unearthed after four decades,<br />with five groups who performed but never appeared in the film<br /><br />Burbank, CA, March 11, 2009 - Woodstock: 3 Days of Peace & Music - the four-hour director's cut of the 1970 Oscar®-winning documentary about the landmark music event that featured some of the greatest rock 'n' roll performers in history -- will be released June 9 in a spectacular new limited, numbered Blu-ray and DVD Ultimate Collector's Edition (UCE). With two extra hours of rare performance footage -- some of it newly-discovered, some only seen in part and some never seen at all -- the UCE is destined to make its own history. Details of the new releases will be featured at the South by Southwest Music + Film Festival where Warner Home Video will offer festival goers a first look at the new high definition picture and sound on March 21.<br /><br />Today, four decades later, Woodstock still resonates deeply with those that attended and those that wished they had. Director Michael Wadleigh notes, \\"Based on the vast e-mails and calls I've received, many from young people, it's very evident that people still relate so much to the film and view the '60s as an age when anything and everything was possible, mostly good. Many hope for a new Woodstock generation since what people loved back then was spontaneity, originality, innocence and honesty - even in superstars; that's why Woodstock, with its open and natural philosophy, has become timeless.\\"<br /><br />The two extra hours of rare performance footage features 18 new performances as never before seen from 13 groups, including Joan Baez, Country Joe McDonald, Santana, The Who, Jefferson Airplane, Canned Heat, Joe Cocker and five (Paul Butterfield, Creedence Clearwater Revival, The Grateful Dead, Johnny Winter and Mountain) who played at Woodstock but never appeared in any film version.<br /><br />A third hour of bonus material also on the UCE includes a featurette gallery showcasing interviews with Martin Scorsese, producer Michael Lang, director Michael Wadleigh, Hugh Hefner, Eddie Kramer (the concert's original chief on-site engineer and producer-engineer for Jimi Hendrix) and others who chronicle the making of the festival and the film. Included are such segments as 3 Days in a Truck, No Rain! No Rain! and Living Up To Idealism. Additionally, exclusive to Blu-ray a Customize Your Own Woodstock Playlist from the 18 bonus performances and other special features like Media Center, My WB Commentary and Live Community Screening.<br /><br />The UCE will be packaged in a unique giftbox, numbered as part of a limited run with an array of collectibles that include a 60+ page reprint of a Life magazine commemorative issue, a lucite lenticular display of vintage festival photos, festival memorabilia and an iron-on patch with the classic dove and guitar Woodstock emblem.<br /><br />Jeff Baker, WHV's Executive VP and General Manager, Theatrical Catalog, stated, \\"As I reviewed Woodstock interviews and some of the newly discovered concert footage, it struck me how historically relevant this project has become to all of us who have been privileged to be a part of it. The new 'content' we have created, almost 40 years later, and the live performances we've restored in high definition, some in extended cuts, will live on as studio assets forever, and as a testimony to a time and a set of circumstances which will never again repeat themselves.\\"<br /><br />Woodstock: 3 Days of Peace & Music was newly remastered from original elements and scanned at 2K with an audio 5.1 mix. Eddie Kramer, Woodstock sound engineer, assisted with the 5.1 audio mix of recently found additional footage. The Ultimate Collector's Edition will be available in Blu-ray(tm) Hi-Def ($69.99 SRP) as well as DVD ($59.98 SRP). Woodstock: 3 Days of Peace & Music will also be available on DVD as a Two-Disc Special Edition ($24.98 SRP).<br /><br />About Woodstock and the Film<br />Woodstock alumni David Crosby noted, \\"Woodstock was more than just a concert; it was an event. It was a time for our generation to speak up and let everyone know we had a voice. Whether you were there or are discovering the film for the first time, it still holds up 40 years later and now will speak to a whole new generation.\\"<br /><br />The Woodstock Music and Art Fair was held at Max Yasgur's dairy farm in the rural town of Bethel, New York on a sometimes rain-soaked weekend from August 15 to August 18, 1969. Half a million people of all colors, shapes, sizes, ages and sexes attended this historical event. They came by car, by truck, a few even by helicopter, but the majority walked to what turned out to be the most famous festival in history, an event that was hailed by Rolling Stone Magazine as one of the \\"50 Moments That Changed the History of Rock 'n' Roll.\\"<br /><br />Created by promoter Michael Lang with Artie Kornfeld, John Roberts and Joel Rosenman, 32 legendary musical acts appeared which, in addition to those mentioned above, included Crosby, Stills & Nash, Santana, Joan Baez, The Band, Joe Cocker, Janis Joplin, Country Joe McDonald and The Fish, Richie Havens, Jefferson Airplane, John Sebastian and Sly & The Family Stone.<br /><br />Said Michael Lang, \\"It's gratifying to me that Woodstock remains so relevant today as does the great work that documented it. Artie and Joel join me in congratulating Warner Home Video for putting together this brand new and exciting look at our event and for unearthing more of the historic performances that electrified us all at the time.\\"<br /><br />Winner of the Academy Award® for Best Documentary Feature (and nominated for Best Editing and Best Sound), Woodstock was produced by Bob Maurice and directed by Michael Wadleigh, who assembled an outstanding crew that included young filmmakers at the start of their careers Academy Award® winners: director Martin Scorsese (The Departed) and editor Thelma Schoonmaker (The Aviator).<br /><br />The critically acclaimed Museum at Bethel Woods, located at the site of the 1969 Woodstock festival in Bethel, NY, tells the story of the Sixties and Woodstock through state-of-the-art multi-media exhibits, engaging programs and educational events. The Center provides artists with the opportunity to perform on one of music's most legendary grounds, Bethel Woods Center for the Arts is committed to being a world-class cultural destination in the heart of New York State. Bethel Woods Center for the Arts   Official Site<br /><br />WOODSTOCK Ultimate Collector's Edition DVD Contents:<br />Disc One<br />· Film (Director's Cut), Part 1 128:38 min<br />· The Museum at Bethel Woods: The Story of the Sixties & Woodstock<br /><br />Disc Two<br />· Film (Director's Cut), Part 2 95:34 min<br /><br />Disc Three<br />· Woodstock: Untold Stories 18 Performances as never before seen<br />· Woodstock: From Festival to Feature Interviews of the sights and sounds of the 3 day event, from concert goers, promoters, crew and musicians<br /><br />Blu-ray Hi-Def Exclusive:<br />· Customize Your Own Woodstock Playlist (from the18 bonus performances)<br />o This feature allows you to customize your own personal jukebox playlist from more than a dozen live Woodstock performances as never before seen.<br /><br />· BD-Live features include Media Center, My WB Commentary, & Live Community Screening<br />o Media Center is a hub for trailers, features and content<br />§ You can get sneak peeks of upcoming Warner Bros. films, and rate trailers<br />§ You can access to Exclusive Content such as interviews, featurettes, and more only seen through WB BD-Live<br />§ You can access Photo Galleries and other special features<br /><br />o Live Community Screenings allow you to send invitations to fans and friends across the country for virtual screenings at a specified time and chat online with each other as the movie plays on each person's Blu-ray player. You can host your own Live Community Screening with your buddy list or participate in a WB hosted Warner Bros. BD-Live community event<br /><br />o My WB Commentary lets you record and post a Picture-in-Picture commentary right over the film, then share it and rate it. Using a web-camera, you can record your own comments and play them back as a Picture-in-Picture feature over the film scene you have chosen and share it with your friends or the entire Warner Bros. BD-Live Community<br /><br />See below complete description of new performances and featurettes<br /><br />Woodstock 40th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition will be supported with promotional partnerships and a national media and publicity campaign spanning TV, print, online/viral, events and grassroots efforts targeting music fans of all ages.<br /><br />VH1 Rock Docs and History are co-producing the definitive two-hour documentary, \\"Woodstock: 40 Years Later.\\" Fender®, known worldwide for producing the musical instruments that started the rock revolution will create a limited amount of special \\"\\"Woodstock 40th Anniversary Stratocaster®\\" guitars. In addition, the spirit of Woodstock re-emerges with a vast array of products -- from apparel to guitar straps -- from Signatures Network, exclusive worldwide licensing agents for Woodstock Ventures.<br />For more information visit: Woodstock 40th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition on DVD and Blu Ray and be sure to check back in April as many new features will be added, including exciting performance clips, an image gallery, wallpapers, screensaver and much more.<br /><br />Woodstock 3 Days of Peace & Music<br />Street Date: June 9<br /><br />Ultimate Collector's Editions<br />UCE Blu-ray $69.99 SRP<br />UCE DVD $59.98 SRP<br /><br />Two Disc Special Edition<br />DVD $24.98 SRP<br /><br />With operations in 90 international territories, Warner Home Video, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Company, commands the largest distribution infrastructure in the global video marketplace. Warner Home Video's film library is the largest of any studio, offering top quality new and vintage titles from the repertoires of Warner Bros. Pictures, Turner Entertainment, Castle Rock Entertainment, HBO Home Video and New Line Home Entertainment.<br /><br />Note: All enhanced content listed above is subject to change.<br /><br />WOODSTOCK ULTIMATE COLLECTORS EDITION<br />BAND ROSTER - 22 BANDS TOTAL<br />· Arlo Guthrie<br />· Canned Heat<br />· Country Joe & the Fish<br />· Country Joe McDonald<br />· Creedence Clearwater Revival<br />· Crosby, Stills, Nash<br />· Grateful Dead<br />· Janis Joplin<br />· Jefferson Airplane<br />· Jimi Hendrix<br />· Joan Baez<br />· Joe Cocker<br />· John Sebastian<br />· Johnny Winter<br />· Mountain<br />· Paul Butterfield Blues Band<br />· Richie Havens<br />· Santana<br />· Sha-Na-Na<br />· Sly & The Family Stone<br />· Ten Years After<br />· The Who<br /><br />FULL DESCRIPTION OF 18 BONUS PERFORMANCES<br />· Joan Baez \\"One Day at a Time\\"<br />· Country Joe McDonald \\"Flying High\\"<br />· Santana \\"Evil Ways\\"<br />· Canned Heat \\"I'm Her Man\\" and \\"On the Road Again\\"<br />· Mountain \\"Beside the Sea\\" and \\"Southbound Train\\"<br />· Grateful Dead \\"Turn On Your Love Light\\"<br />· Creedence Clearwater Revival \\"Born on the Bayou\\", \\"I've Put a Spell on You\\" and<br />\\"Keep on Chooglin'\\"<br />· The Who \\"We're Not Going To Take It\\" and \\"My Generation\\"<br />· Jefferson Airplane \\"3/5 of a Mile in 10 Seconds\\"<br />· Joe Cocker \\"Something's Coming On\\"<br />· Johnny Winter \\"Mean Town Blues\\"<br />· Paul Butterfield \\"Morning Sunrise\\"<br />· Sha Na Na \\"Teen Angel\\"<br /><br />FULL DESCRIPTION OF<br />WOODSTOCK FROM FESTIVAL TO FEATURE<br /><br />· The Camera: The &Eacute;clair NPR was the best camera around in 1969; Michael Wadleigh talks about why the &Eacute;clair was the right camera for this film.<br />· 365,000 Feet of Film: The stories of how Dale Bell and his crew begged, borrowed and stole just enough film to document the festival.<br />· Shooting Stage: Those up-close shots of performers didn't just happen by magic; see how Wadleigh and his cameramen got those up close and personal shots of the performers.<br />· The Line Up: The Who, Sha Na Na, Santana, Ten Years After, Jefferson Airplane and many more; how did all these bands get on the roster for the festival of a life time?<br />· Holding the Negative Hostage: What does a filmmaker do when Technicolor is sending a copy of your negative to the studio without your permission? Well, you lock up the film and hire a lawyer.<br />· Announcements: \\"Don't take the brown acid\\" or maybe it was green. We'll hear about all the strange and informative announcements heard during those three days of peace, love and enlightenment.<br />· Suits VS. Longhairs: The clash between the hippie filmmakers and the Warner executives who didn't understand what this film meant.<br />· Documenting History: Find out from Michael Wadleigh and Dale Bell, along with filmmakers, where the idea of capturing this event on film came from.<br />· Woodstock: The Journey: Some came by car, others by truck, a few came by helicopter but most walked to the most famous festival in history.<br />· Pre-Production: We'll find out how this production got off the ground and meet the members of the crew that made it happen.<br />· Production: How many cameras were used? How much film did they go through? Did anyone sleep? All these questions and more will be answered here as we explore how Woodstock was captured on film.<br />· Synchronization: How do you sync all this material with out any slates? No slate, no problem. With the help of an upright Moviola, Dale Bell, Michael Wadleigh, Eddie Kramer and the editors were able to make magic from miles of tape and film.<br />· The Crowd: Half a million people of all colors, shapes, sizes, ages and sexes attended this historical event. We'll hear stories about the number of people and how they all coexisted for three days with only minor incidents.<br />· No Rain! No Rain!: Everyone talks about the rain at this event as if it were a character. It was. It set the tone, provided moments of danger, fun and disgust.<br />· 3 Days in a Truck: Eddie Kramer heard some of the most amazing performances as he recorded this historic event. But during those three days of peace, love and music, he didn't get to see any performances because he was stuck in a truck.<br />· Woodstock Effect: The film, the event and the album catapulted many musicians into the limelight, changing their lives forever.<br />· Living up to Idealism<br />· World's Longest Optical<br />· Critical Acclaim<br />· Courtesy of The Museum at Bethel Woods: The Hog Farm Commune<br />· Hugh Hefner and Michael Wadleigh: The Woodstock Connectionnces as never before seen.     · BD-Live features include Media Center, My WB Commentary, & Live Community Screening   o Media Center is a hub for trailers, features and content   § You can get sneak peeks of upcoming Warner Bros. films, and rate trailers   § You can access to Exclusive Content such as interviews, featurettes, and more only seen through WB BD-Live   § You can access Photo Galleries and other special features     o Live Community Screenings allow you to send invitations to fans and friends across the country for virtual screenings at a specified time and chat online with each other as the movie plays on each person's Blu-ray player. You can host your own Live Community Screening with your buddy list or participate in a WB hosted Warner Bros. BD-Live community event       o My WB Commentary lets you record and post a Picture-in-Picture commentary right over the film, then share it and rate it. Using a web-camera, you can record your own comments and play them back as a Picture-in-Picture feature over the film scene you have chosen and share it with your friends or the entire Warner Bros. BD-Live Community     See below complete description of new performances and featurettes       Woodstock 40th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition will be supported with promotional partnerships and a national media and publicity campaign spanning TV, print, online/viral, events and grassroots efforts targeting music fans of all ages.     VH1 Rock Docs and History are co-producing the definitive two-hour documentary, \\"Woodstock: 40 Years Later.\\" Fender®, known worldwide for producing the musical instruments that started the rock revolution will create a limited amount of special \\"\\"Woodstock 40th Anniversary Stratocaster®\\" guitars. In addition, the spirit of Woodstock re-emerges with a vast array of products -- from apparel to guitar straps -- from Signatures Network, exclusive worldwide licensing agents for Woodstock Ventures.   For more information visit: Woodstock 40th Anniversary Ultimate Collector's Edition on DVD and Blu Ray and be sure to check back in April as many new features will be added, including exciting performance clips, an image gallery, wallpapers, screensaver and much more.       Woodstock 3 Days of Peace & Music   Street Date: June 9     Ultimate Collector's Editions   UCE Blu-ray $69.99 SRP   UCE DVD $59.98 SRP     Two Disc Special Edition   DVD $24.98 SRP       With operations in 90 international territories, Warner Home Video, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Company, commands the largest distribution infrastructure in the global video marketplace. Warner Home Video's film library is the largest of any studio, offering top quality new and vintage titles from the repertoires of Warner Bros. Pictures, Turner Entertainment, Castle Rock Entertainment, HBO Home Video and New Line Home Entertainment.     Note: All enhanced content listed above is subject to change.       WOODSTOCK ULTIMATE COLLECTORS EDITION   BAND ROSTER - 22 BANDS TOTAL   · Arlo Guthrie   · Canned Heat   · Country Joe & the Fish   · Country Joe McDonald   · Creedence Clearwater Revival   · Crosby, Stills, Nash   · Grateful Dead   · Janis Joplin   · Jefferson Airplane   · Jimi Hendrix   · Joan Baez   · Joe Cocker   · John Sebastian   · Johnny Winter   · Mountain   · Paul Butterfield Blues Band   · Richie Havens   · Santana   · Sha-Na-Na   · Sly & The Family Stone   · Ten Years After   · The Who       FULL DESCRIPTION OF 18 BONUS PERFORMANCES   · Joan Baez \\"One Day at a Time\\"   · Country Joe McDonald \\"Flying High\\"   · Santana \\"Evil Ways\\"   · Canned Heat \\"I'm Her Man\\" and \\"On the Road Again\\"   · Mountain \\"Beside the Sea\\" and \\"Southbound Train\\"   · Grateful Dead \\"Turn On Your Love Light\\"   · Creedence Clearwater Revival \\"Born on the Bayou\\", \\"I've Put a Spell on You\\" and   \\"Keep on Chooglin'\\"   · The Who \\"We're Not Going To Take It\\" and \\"My Generation\\"   · Jefferson Airplane \\"3/5 of a Mile in 10 Seconds\\"   · Joe Cocker \\"Something's Coming On\\"   · Johnny Winter \\"Mean Town Blues\\"   · Paul Butterfield \\"Morning Sunrise\\"   · Sha Na Na \\"Teen Angel\\"       FULL DESCRIPTION OF   WOODSTOCK FROM FESTIVAL TO FEATURE     · The Camera: The Éclair NPR was the best camera around in 1969; Michael Wadleigh talks about why the Éclair was the right camera for this film.   · 365,000 Feet of Film: The stories of how Dale Bell and his crew begged, borrowed and stole just enough film to document the festival.   · Shooting Stage: Those up-close shots of performers didn't just happen by magic; see how Wadleigh and his cameramen got those up close and personal shots of the performers.   · The Line Up: The Who, Sha Na Na, Santana, Ten Years After, Jefferson Airplane and many more; how did all these bands get on the roster for the festival of a life time?   · Holding the Negative Hostage: What does a filmmaker do when Technicolor is sending a copy of your negative to the studio without your permission? Well, you lock up the film and hire a lawyer.   · Announcements: \\"Don't take the brown acid\\" or maybe it was green. We'll hear about all the strange and informative announcements heard during those three days of peace, love and enlightenment.   · Suits VS. Longhairs: The clash between the hippie filmmakers and the Warner executives who didn't understand what this film meant.   · Documenting History: Find out from Michael Wadleigh and Dale Bell, along with filmmakers, where the idea of capturing this event on film came from.   · Woodstock: The Journey: Some came by car, others by truck, a few came by helicopter but most walked to the most famous festival in history.   · Pre-Production: We'll find out how this production got off the ground and meet the members of the crew that made it happen.   · Production: How many cameras were used? How much film did they go through? Did anyone sleep? All these questions and more will be answered here as we explore how Woodstock was captured on film.· Synchronization: How do you sync all this material with out any slates? No slate, no problem. With the help of an upright Moviola, Dale Bell, Michael Wadleigh, Eddie Kramer and the editors were able to make magic from miles of tape and film.   · The Crowd: Half a million people of all colors, shapes, sizes, ages and sexes attended this historical event. We'll hear stories about the number of people and how they all coexisted for three days with only minor incidents.   · No Rain! No Rain!: Everyone talks about the rain at this event as if it were a character. It was. It set the tone, provided moments of danger, fun and disgust.   · 3 Days in a Truck: Eddie Kramer heard some of the most amazing performances as he recorded this historic event. But during those three days of peace, love and music, he didn't get to see any performances because he was stuck in a truck.   · Woodstock Effect: The film, the event and the album catapulted many musicians into the limelight, changing their lives forever.   · Living up to Idealism   · World's Longest Optical   · Critical Acclaim   · Courtesy of The Museum at Bethel Woods: The Hog Farm Commune   · Hugh Hefner and Michael Wadleigh: The Woodstock Connection
031236198X|4.0|The book was a very quick read.  The plot follows the formula used by other books in giving a story setting to business laws.  The plot may have been used before but the authors do a very good job of giving context and meat to their process.    The book uses the story of a penguin colony for its backdrop.  One penguin discovers that their iceberg is flawed and could be destroyed.  He convinces another of their doom and then they attempt to get others to change.  A team is organized, the topic of changing to a nomadic lifestyle is adopted, and the penguins begin a new way of living.    The book provided a framework that helped structure my experiences with creating, implementing, and accepting change into focus.
0061767581|5.0|I picked this book up being a big Lauren Conrad fan. Not sure how I would feel about the Hills turned into a novel, I gave it a shot anyways.     I was hooked after the first few chapters, the style of writing is fresh, the characters are extremely relateable. For anyone who watched The Hills, this is a must read.     It is an extremely quick read, and the ending leaves the reader begging for more!
B0026UV77C|5.0|Este disco es diferente a los anteriores, sin embargo sigue siendo Placebo. Es decir, es una excelente muestra de la evolución de un grupo. Es un error común querer que el nuevo disco se parezca a los anteriores y de ahí sufrir una posible decepción. Este disco, aunque diferente es excelente. De los 13 cortes al menos 10 son muy buenos y 4 de ellos (never ending why, kings of medicine, battle for the sun, happy your gone)ya se encuentran entre mis canciones favoritas del grupo. A diferencia de meds, este disco está lleno de fuerza sin perder la capacidad de contraste con la melodía intensa. Desde que lo compré lo he escuchado al menos 25 veces y me ha causado una especie de adicción, la cual no tenía por un disco de placebo desde black market music. Para los hispanoparlantes fanáticos de este grupo en general nos cae muy en gracia 'corazón de cenicero' la cual muestra las inquietudes, versatilidad y búsqueda de algo diferente de la banda. Si eres fanático de Placebo no puede no gustarte este disco, puede, al principio sacarte de onda, pero después, seguro, será uno de tus favoritos.
B001O8C5KK|2.0|The two major protagonists were terribly miscast in this recording.<br />Puccini would not have had his repose if Cio Cio San keeps on appearing in this state.<br />Listen to Ying Huang, a much more convincing Cio Cio San than Gheorghiu. The best live Cio Cio San is Hui He, another Chinese spinto soprano expert in Puccini.<br />Angela G has nothing really to do with this role, some thing totally inappropriate for her timber.<br />Then Pinkerton. He is American, but he is also a Puccini baby. Jonas Kaufmann's timber ill suits this Yankee dandy. He is a spinto tenor, but not a Puccinian like Placido Domingo.<br />Could not imagine a graver case of miscast.<br /><br />******<br />Since writing this review, saw on Youtube the Turin production of Madama Butterfly in november 2010, starring Hui He in the title role with Pisapia and Alberghini as Pinkerton and Sharpless. The excerpt 'Ora a noi' was such a powerful piece that in that 10 odd minutes, Hui He and Alberghini depicted a dramatic confrontation so powerful that moves audience to tears again and again. The voltage was so high; the tragedy so explosive that blow Gheoghiu to the dust!!!
0743270754|5.0|I'm not a fan of biographies. In fact, I don't know that I'd read an entire biography since grade school. However, as began to hear more about Lincoln in the news and saw an interview with Doris Kearns Goodwin on television, I borrowed \\"Team of Rivals\\" from my father and went to work.   Wow. Tons of information on Lincoln (and the others), but told in a fascinating way. I finished the whole thing in about a week and now I'm shopping for more biographies on Amazon. As far as I can tell, this is an outstanding example of the genre.
B001AQO3WY|5.0|I was amazed of the miniseries \\"Band of Brothers,\\" so I was interested about \\"Generation Kill.\\" I have known several people in the Army (many family members of mine served from Vietnam to Iraq), I wanted to learn about the Marines. This show focused on an elite group,  1st Recon Marines company, that served during the beginning of the Iraq War. One journalist, Evan Wright from the magazine Rolling Stone, spends a few weeks with these men. The series was based on the book written by him.  Even the beginning it is fascinating. You do not know if these men are already in combat!  I was amazed to see how advance military technology is. Through the show, you see how each men react during their duty and how they behave. It's real life: drama, comedy, fears, confusion. It's like watching a documentary, and music is not rarely used (except the men singing while driving around Iraq).  Along with the directors and writes, I was quite impressed with the work of the actors, It was a double treat to see Alexander Skarsgard (\\"True Blood\\"). He was just wonderful as \\"Iceman.\\" It's like the show was made for him.   The DVD set included information about military terminology, and it helped me to understand what the men were talking about during the show. I was able to find out why the men used the phrase \\"Oscar Mike\\" so often!   Overall, \\"Generation Kill\\" made me feel that I was another passenger like Wright. What a ride!
015206396X|4.0|read  it  in  a  week  definatly  younger  adults , but a nice rollicking  read  that  moves  allong  nicly .
B00005MP58|5.0|This adaptation of the 19th Century novel remains my favorite romantic movie of all time. It's humor, grace, and style remain the standard by which all films of its genre are to be measured. It is 6 hours of pure viewing pleasure!
B00064AM6C|5.0|I've been meaning to get this video for over a year, having seen some of its songs on YouTube. It's hard to find locally and I kept putting off ordering it online. I finally did, and I'm thrilled. If you are on the band's wavelength - that is, if you appreciate their chemistry, their love of music, their individuality within deliberately chosen confines, their excellent lyrics and passionate performances - this will become one of your favorite DVDs. If you are not on the band's wavelength (yet) and just want to experience a great show, it'll serve that purpose also.    It was recorded on two consecutive nights, with editing between some of the songs to splice the two shows into one. Jack and Meg deliberately wore identical clothes to keep this from being obvious - but if you pay attention, you'll notice the word on Jack's right arm goes from \\"noxious\\" to \\"obnoxious\\" randomly. Meg added the \\"ob\\" with a Sharpie for the second night. Another bit of trivia is that Meg was suffering from the flu and feeling pretty awful, which I think you can see in a few places, like when she takes a break halfway through Going Back to Memphis - but it doesn't hurt the performance.
1400063736|5.0|It is a sunny day in August 1974 and a man has strung a line between the newly-built World Trade Center towers and as the city watches, he walks back and forth 110 stories above the pavement and does tricks and stunts.  This is the connecting event in a group of stories about people and how they have affected each other's lives.  I would like to offer a comparison of Mr. McCann's style:  the novel Mrs. Dalloway by Virginia Woolf.  Like Mrs. Dalloway, the characters in Let the Great World Spin are simultaneously in their past and present, and beautifully tell their feelings and why they do what they do and how and why they get along with the people around them, and how they react to their environment in great detail.  The author gets right down into the characters' souls.  These are not your normal, average persons on the street.  There is an Irish religious man, his protective brother, two hookers and their pimps, two eccentric artists, a Guatemalan nurse, a wealthy Park Avenue woman and her husband who is a judge in the city's high court, all of whom dream about their aspirations, their regrets, the challenges they face and in the end, how it all worked out (or didn't work out).  This is not your typical adventure novel or romance.  This is an old-fashioned general look into people's lives and the choices they make.  I found it to be beautiful in some places, harrowing and sad in other places.  This novel will make you feel ... even if you were not around in 1974.  This is a beautiful novel and I recommend it to all.
0525478183|5.0|Quentin \\"Q\\" Jacobsen is in love the perfect Margo Roth Spiegelman. One day, Margo shows up at Quentin's window, and together they play pranks on Margo's enemies. The next day, Margo has disappeared. Soon, Quentin finds clues left by Margo, and his quest to find her begins.    I absolutely loved Paper Towns. I could not put this book down, and I ended up finishing it in three school days. Usually, with school, it takes me at least a week to finish a book. The book was witty, meaningful, and just plain fun. The deeper meaning was my favorite part of the novel. Because of the similar theme, Paper Towns strongly reminded me of The Great Gatsby. In fact, after I finished reading The Great Gatsby and Winter Dreams (a short story also by F. Scott Fitzgerald with the same theme) for English last semester, I could not stop thinking how people wrongly perceive other people as idols or perfections. Now, I am experiencing the same feeling.    Green also seamlessly wove symbols into the story. One example is the black Santas that Radar's parents collect. I actually did not catch this one while I was reading. How did I find out about it, then? By looking at a vlog by John Green. I don't know how many of you have seen it, but if you're interested, it's at the end of this post. Another thing I enjoyed about the novel was the inclusion of interesting tidbits. The obvious one is paper towns, specifically where Margo disappeared to. Omnictionary was also a clever name, and I enjoyed Leaves of Grass too. Paper Towns is now one of my favorite novels.
0385512058|5.0|I first heard about this book at a local Dallas / Fort Worth chapter meeting for Organizational Development Network professionals almost two years ago.  I should have rushed out of that meeting and placed my order for a copy on amazon.com that evening after hearing the discussion about it.  Instead it went on my list of books to read and now two years later I finally obtained a copy.<br /><br />Chapter nine, Warming the Cold Call outlines a clear, non-manipulative strategy for how to connect with people you would like to meet.  The steps in brief are (1) convey credibility (2) state your value proposition (3) impart urgency and convenience and (4) be prepared to offer a compromise.<br /><br />When you read chapter nine you will discover that it's not about going to a person with the proverbial 'hat in your hands' but rather it is about what you can do for each other.  It is all about building relationships that are lasting, enduring, and beneficial for all those that are involved.<br /><br />I have started using Keith's tips during my career management transition and I'm actually enjoying meeting new people and figuring out how we can mutually help each other.  I highly recommend this book.  As Keith would say, \\"Business is Human - Relationships Power Growth\\"<br /><br />Kevin Love, MBA<br />Training and Development Professional<br />Dallas / Fort Worth Area<br />817.778.8540<br />[...]
B0026NWBY2|4.0|As many reviewers have already said, a George Harrison \\"best of\\" collection could easily have been two discs.  While not every album of his was a masterpiece like \\"All Things Must Pass,\\" each album had some very good songs that deserve to be featured on a collection like this one, and some of those songs have been overlooked here.    But what's here is very, very good.  There are George's major hits: \\"My Sweet Lord,\\"  \\"What Is Life,\\" \\"Give Me Love (Give Me Peace on Earth)\\", \\"All Those Years Ago,\\" \\"Got My Mind Set On You\\".  We also get \\"Cheer Down\\" and George covering Dylan on \\"I Don't Want To Do It,\\" both rarities that deserve to be in any Harrison fan's collection.  There's also the gem of a title track, \\"The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp (Let It Roll),\\" which isn't as well known as most of the other songs here, plus \\"All Things Must Pass\\" and \\"Isn't It a Pity\\" from the same album.  Three of George's Beatle songs (\\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps,\\" \\"Something,\\" \\"Here Comes the Sun\\") are featured in their great Concert For Bangladesh live versions from 1971, which I strongly prefer over the somewhat slicker Live In Japan versions of the 90s.  And \\"When We Was Fab\\" wonderfully brings back the psychedelic days of George's first band.    Giles Martin did a great job with the remastering on this new collection, making these songs sound better than ever.  The booklet provides some very nice photos on heavy, glossy paper, and Warren Zanes has written an insightful essay on George's solo career.  (I do wish, however, that recording credits had been listed, as George played with quite an array of notable musicians, and it would be interesting to compare how the different bands gave him different sounds.)    Like others, I wish that a few songs here had been swapped for some personal favorites.  Frankly, I can't understand how they could have left out the great \\"Crackerbox Palace,\\" surely one of George's liveliest and most enjoyable songs of the 70s.  (I still remember the thrillof seeing the first broadcast of the song's film with George and Eric Idle on Sat. Night Live, way back then.)  I would also have liked this collection to include \\"Try Some, Buy Some\\" and the title track from Living In The Material World, as well as one or more of the best songs from the unjustly maligned Dark Horse album: the title track, \\"Simply Shady,\\" and \\"So Sad.\\"  (George's voice on those may have been a bit rough as he overworked it in preparation for his one US tour, but the songs just have a great feel.)  And \\"You\\" should have been included as one of his best, catchiest singles, with a Phil Spector wall-of-sound backing track.    While I like the songs from his last two albums that are on this collection, I think those two albums are over-represented here, and I would gladly have left out a few (\\"This Is Love,\\" maybe even \\"Marwa Blues\\" or \\"Any Road,\\" good as they are) in order to squeeze in \\"Crackerbox Palace\\" and one or two of the others mentioned above.  Nothing against those recent songs -- I like them a lot, but don't think they're as strong as some of the omitted tunes.  For that matter, I always thought \\"Stuck Inside a Cloud\\" was one of the best from Brainwashed, and should also have been included here before some of others from that album.    But I'm not complaining.  The compilers, George's family and friends, did a very good job in putting together a single disc of George's songs, and gave us the gift of a couple hard-to-find tracks, plus exemplary remastered sound.  The only big mistake was leaving off \\"Crackerbox Palace,\\" but the rest is an enjoyable listen.  Please bring on Volume 2!
0240810961|5.0|Drawn to Life is a wonderful book. This book is packed with easy but relative drawing lessons. walt's cheerful philosophy is inspiratonal. Anyone that loves drawing will enjoy this book.  I beleive this book will be a classic for artist and teachers. I rate this book 5 stars+
1416955070|4.0|Clary had no idea how much her life would change when she walked into Pandemonium Club with her best friend Simon. At the club, she sees three strange teenagers kill someone. The weirdest part? After they killed the \\"boy\\", the body completely vanishes! Clary learns that the teenages, Jace, Isabelle, and Alec are a part of a group called Shadowhunters. Shadowhunters free the world from demons. Clary soon learns that she and her mother are a part of this mysterious world...    I was overjoyed when I received this book. I had been wanting to read the series for some time. Luckily, I was not disappointed. City of Bones was filled with twists and turns, which made me want to keep reading. The characters were also very likable. My favorites were Clary, Jace, and Simon. Almost every character had a hidden past, and reading about it was probably my favorite part of the novel. The past revealed that things were not like they originally seemed.     On a more important note, the only thing I did not like about the novel was the pacing. The pacing is very controlled. By controlled, I mean most readers will probably have read the book slightly slower than an average book to understand all the descriptions. It's almost as if Clare is saying to readers, \\"I know you want to find out what's going to happen next, but I'd rather torment you with insignificant(, yet interesting) details. Muahaha!\\" It is hard for this type of pacing to work well for a fantasy novel, especially for City of Bones.  When I read a fantasy novel, I want a book a fast-paced, action-filled novel. While City of Bones had plenty of action, I would not call it a fast-paced novel.    Still, City of Bones is a great start to series, and now I really want to read the other novels!
0312370849|2.0|I had such high hopes for this book, but it fell sadly short. The event this story was based on could have been written about more skillfully and it would have given so much more power to the silenced voices of those that suffered such an unspeakable fate. I am not a big fan of switching back and forth between past and present, even when it is done well...and this was even more torturous. I felt no real connection to the characters and the author had no clue as to how to end the book and it just dribbled off into oblivion....which is where this book is headed. Borrow it from the library, if you really want to read it but don't waste your money by buying it.
0307341569|4.0|For 25 years, Libby Day has avoided revisiting her memories of the horrendous night in which she heard someone murder her mother and sisters. It was her own testimony, as a 5 year old, that sent her older brother to prison for life. Now Libby is barely functioning as an independent adult. She desperately needs money, and agrees to consult with a club of murder groupies who believe her brother is innocent. It isn't long before everything she is forced to re-examine everything she knows is true. And it is with a gritty, cold, single-mindedness that Libby forces herself to do what the cops did not - discover who really committed this mass murder.<br /><br />Gillian Flynn has woven a disturbing tapestry of secrets, lies, and misery that is true to its title. This is not a pretty story, but it is credible in its reflection of the hardscrabble conditions under which many people struggle. There are no happy endings here, not for anyone.
B001PPLIEG|2.0|Congratulations! You've managed to reinvent your Bond franchise after the tired old boy had sipped his last martini, drove his last fast car, and bedded his last exotic hottie. This new Bond is vulnerable and violent at the same time, a wounded animal that was willing to give up the whole spy life for Vesper Lynd, a woman who betrayed him. This is supposed to explain why Bond's such a cold-hearted bastard, and it blazed an exciting if somewhat jarring new path for the Bond films.<br /><br />The challenge with reinvention is that there is a blurry line between following the new Bond to his logical conclusion and retaining the quintessential elements that constitute Bond.  Or to put it another way, if you constantly make Bond different with each film, he's not really James Bond anymore.<br /><br />Quantum of Solace chose to continue Bond's (Daniel Craig) destructive path from the first film, picking up where Casino Royale left off. Bond tracks the shadowy global conspiracy (Quantum) that has infiltrated Her Majesty's Secret Service.  That's right, there's a double agent in double-oh-seven's midst, and only M (Dame Judy Dench) seems to be the least bit concerned about the entire organization being utterly compromised.  This is just one of Quantum's many incongruent plot points that are resolved with \\"LOOK! EXPLOSIONS!\\" to divert the audience's attention.<br /><br />Our resident villain is a pop-eyed Buscemi look-alike named Dominic Greene (Mathieu Amalric), who runs...wait for it...Greene Planet, an environmental organization that is secretly arranging deals for oil.  But actually, it's about water.  Greene's Blofeld-ian murder signature is to drown his victims in oil.  It's not nearly as cool as it sounds.<br /><br />Bond's supposed lust-interest is an agent named Strawberry Fields (Gemma Arterton), who saunters onto the screen in boots and an overcoat.  With her bright red hair, Fields seems like a great romantic foil for Bond.  When Bond asks her first name, it's \\"Fields.  Just Fields.\\" No Strawberry. And here we come to the problem: Quantum of Solace seems embarrassed to be a Bond film.<br /><br />Every opportunity for Bond to be suave gets glossed over.  He just commands women, like Fields, into his bed. He kills every bad guy he's supposed to capture.  When his license gets revoked, he blithely ignores M's commands. When he attends an opera, Bond lurks in the rafters like some kind of murderous roadie.  Instead of cleverly tricking the Quantum cabal into revealing themselves, he crashes their secret meeting and then guns down their goons.<br /><br />In the first film, Bond's blundering and brutal tactics were excusable because he was new.  It was a great way to reboot the franchise with the promise that, over time, Bond would transform into the elegant, suave killer we've come to know and love. It's a particularly American approach, the idea that even killers can better themselves through hard work. But with Quantum of Solace, Bond is so bereft of actual development that he gets a proxy instead: Camille (Olga Kurylenko), an exotic hottie whom he doesn't get to bed.<br /><br />The movie goes south from there: inexplicable bad guy meeting that brings everyone together in one place, flaming deathtraps that Bond brute forces his way out of, and a bad guy who physically can't compete with Bond but tries to make up for it by being really, really nuts. The clear advantage Bond has over Greene is obvious; it's like a jock beating up a nerd at supervillain convention.<br /><br />In the end, Bond finally meets up with the agent responsible for Lynd's betrayal, Yusef Kabira.  SPOILER ALERT: After all the beatings, blasting, smashing, crunching, and punching, the movie concludes with a quippy aside and some hurt feelings.<br /><br />Are you kidding me? By the end of the movie I was so frustrated that I wanted to see Bond seriously #$% up the one guy who could arguably be held accountable for destroying the love of his life.  Instead ofusing Camille as parable to tell the tale of Bond's self-destructive path, Quantum of Solace should have STARTED with Bond leaving Kabira in a body bag. Or multiple bags.<br /><br />Now that we've gotten the murderous quest for vengeance out of the way, can we get back to Bond being at least slightly civilized, seducing hot women, and killing dangerous villains with awesome technology?  Please?ctive path, Quantum of Solace should have STARTED with Bond leaving Kabira in a body bag. Or multiple bags.    Now that we've gotten the murderous quest for vengeance out of the way, can we get back to Bond being at least slightly civilized, seducing hot women, and killing dangerous villains with awesome technology?  Please?
B0010ZR160|5.0|The story opens in a run-down section of Boston, where a 4-year old girl has been kidnapped.  The police captain (Morgan Freeman) isn't having any luck with the investigation, so the child's aunt hires two private detectives (Casey Affleck and Michelle Monaghan) to help.  Their work takes them into a cruel world where life is very cheap.<br /><br />This movie really surprised me.  First off, it was a tense and scary detective story, but then it became a story about Right and Wrong, leaving the audience to judge the actions and the characters.  While it's full of violence, depravity, and bad language, it is a memorable story that deserves to be discussed.  The actors are uniformly superb, especially Morgan Freeman in a very sympathetic role.  Casey Affleck is excellent as the detective with street cred despite his baby face, and Ed Harris does his usual great job playing a police officer.  Boston native Ben Affleck directed the movie on location, giving a sleazy, but apparently accurate look at life in the area.<br /><br />The moral dilemma posed at the end is not easily answered.  I know I was left shaken and sobbing, so sorry for the situation and wondering what I would do.  Highly recommended.
B0002VL0KQ|5.0|This one steps out of the mold and shows Celine's tender side.  It doesn't jump it's way onto the pop charts, and I don't expect kids to get much out of it, but what a voice!  She can do anything!  It is a refreshing change of pace, and although I wouldn't call it a musical masterpiece, I still thoroughly enjoyed it.
1400063736|5.0|Stephen King has a line he has used more than once: \\"It is the tale, not he who tells it.\\" I've always partly disagreed with that. A great tale is certainly always worthwhile but more important to me is the voice of author, whether he or she has the ability to captivate me over hundreds of pages. This was my first book by Colum McCann but it won't be my last. The book is a series of somewhat interconnected stories that happen mostly in New York City in the mid 70's. The city is dangerous and vibrant in a way that it hasn't been for a while. The characters are believable, interesting and often desperate. The author weaves their stories together slowly, exploring the dichotomies between choice and destiny, the mundane and the beautiful. The passage of time eventually erases all the pain and all the beauty and we don't know whether that is a good thing or not. Heartbreaking in it's honesty the author has achieved something here that is unusual and moving.
B000V6U846|5.0|This LP takes me back to my college days in the late 70s early 80s when Bob ruled the airwaves.  This is the best live Marley recording of all.  Download it now !
B001L5SXQG|4.0|Hi,    I appreciate this new release which seep notes that remind me the music of genius like Beach Boys, Byrds, Beatles, Roy Orbison and Phil Spector, notwithstanding it seems to be the first album where melodies and sounds are so overwhelming as regards to the lyrics which sometimes simply express a generic optimistic hope that people will make a U-bolt and take complete different roads concerning main issues which currently concern USA and the whole world.  But also personal relationships and the passage of time are not neglected here and permeate some majestic songs like Kingdom of Days, This life, What love can do and Life itself.   Anyway anytime I come near to the end I feel a pang in my heart, and Surprise surprise is not sweet enough for me to bear the sadly, gloomy and haunting The Last Carnival, sang fondly like the last bittersweet tribute to magic E Street organist Danny Federici. Never forget him and all dreams he gave (and still donate) me. Thanks Danny for all you have done !  Presumably the Boss is at his very best on the album-closing, Golden Globe-winning \\"The Wrestler,\\" great lyrics on a touching sound carpet where acoustic guitar and piano chords wonderfully interlace.  Springsteen powerful, raw voice during Outlaw Pete blow me away, it reminds me past masterpieces where he used to shout out his rage and disillusion, also great are follower My lucky day and Working on a dream. In the complex a strong album, the sound is a little bit better than Magic but still not completely satisfactory, hope next E Street release will bring back the Big Man, his terrific sax solo are nearly absent here. Also hope to breath soon some of the old fire, in the meanwhile I'll go and see them live. See you there.    Greetings from Italy, ciao Raffaello
B00127RAJY|5.0|Just did my first day on Level One.  Awesome.  Simple, back to basic moves.  Reminds you of high school PE type exercise, except that Jillian combines the strength, cardio, and abs in a series of circuit moves for maximum effectiveness.    This is the best 26 minutes you'll get.  By doing her exercises efficiently, you really begin to understand how duped you are by all the fitness gurus out there and these fad celebrity diets.     What I love about Jillian on the show and in her videos is that she 100% consistent.  Her personality and methodology is the same all the way through.    As you're doing the exercise she points out wrong ways to do exercises that can hurt you and the right way to do things.  Her two models show an advanced version of the move and the beginner version of the move.  I did the beginner version and didn't realize how out of shape I really was.    But I can definitely feel it's effects as I'm writing this.     Jillian says you don't get great abs for free.  She's no nonsense, common sense.  None of that \\"find your feel-good place spirituality\\" nonsense.  Just plain exercise.  Great for both men and women.     If you're ready to get back into shape with earnest exercise that works and you have 30 minutes amount of time, this is the video to do it with.  You won't feel obligated to workout and waste an hour on the tread mill.  You'll feel good and want to do this consistently.
B001FBSMF8|5.0|Many of the reviews for \\"Scream\\" have been poor however after a few plays in the car, (with bass cranked up), it's a catchy collective group of songs.  The last few tracks are less than desirable however numbers 1-9 flow very smoothly.  Timbaland is quite a producer and Cornell's voice sounds just as smooth as it did back in the day with Temple Of The Dog.  I truly admire those artists who are able to think outside of the box and Cornell has definitely done that with his latest solo venture.  I do agree that this album keeps you listening all throughout unlike most crap that is released today with only a couple of good tracks.  It will be interesting to see what musical direction Cornell takes in the future.
B001HYY35G|5.0|I love this album, both the CD and DVD. The live version of \\"We Are Your Friends\\" on the CD is enough reason to get this album, and the sound quality is the best I've heard in a live techno album.<br /><br />But really, the best thing about A Cross The Universe is the DVD. It's a documentary film by Romain Gavras (French director who is the son of famous French film director Costa Gavras, who did the films Z and Mad City), SO-ME (the art director for Ed Banger) and Justice (Xavier de Rosnay and Gaspard Auge). The documentary isn't just about Justice's tour; it's also about their personal experience. In essence, this film is supposed to show the crazy part of live gigs and touring. Justice really is the rock band of these times, and this documentary shows that, with fast editing and dizzying camerawork that give it an acid-trip feeling reminiscent of other music documentaries by rock bands, like Let it Be, Sympathy for the Devil, or The Kids Are Alright. In terms of content, the strong language, nudity, drug and alcohol use (Xavier feeds aspirin to squirrels, for crying out loud), and actual violence (most notably a real fight with a bunch of drunk guys) would give this doc an R rating, but if you're over 13 this is probably appropriate.<br /><br />Overall this is a must buy, even if you're not a Justice fan.
B001E5FYS8|5.0|On August 7th 1974, a young Frenchman named Philippe Petit stepped out on a wire and illegally rigged between the New York's twin towers. After nearly an hour dancing on the wire, he was arrested, taken for psychological evaluation, and brought to jail before he was finally released.     Sounds simple, right?  It sounds like a pretty amazing accomplishment, maybe a little crazy, but probably not worth a full-length documentary.  A fifteen minute news story, perhaps...but that's it.      But I had never thought of how much work and planning had to go into bringing high-wire wizard Phillipe Petit to the moment when he could step out onto that wire a quarter-mile above the streets of NYC.  But MAN ON WIRE is a wonderful immersion into the crazy events and slightly unhinged group of friends who worked so hard to give Philippe that one magical hour.    Petit was a wire-walker of some reknown before this accomplishment...but that's all relative.  Despite the fact that he had walked between the two towers of Notre Dame in his native France, and between to towers spanning a bridge in Australia...he wasn't exactly a household name.  Apparently, he somehow made a decent enough living as a street performer, because he certainly flies himself and his friends back and forth to the States pretty often...all to case the Twin Towers.  (The movie never explains the financial logistics, a small oversight.)      He is surrounded by friends, a loyal girlfriend, and various hangers-on who take an interest in his work.  He holds them in a benevolent thrall.  This all takes place in the early '70s, and they were all young adults...so I suspect that their lifestyles weren't all just about tightrope walking.  Perhaps there was a little \\"partying\\" going on as well.  We see in some fabulous vintage footage the gang of conspirators working on various projects.  Much of this home movie footage is in glorious color, and the crazy color schemes that were so prevalent in the '70s just POP out of the screen in a way that draws you right in to this world.    The movie is told almost entirely by the real life people involved in the events.  These great aging storytellers recall the events for us in a wonderful way...both factual and poetic.  Petit is there, of course, and heavily featured, but his unknown helpers (French, American & Australian) and his girlfriend all have delightful insights to contribute.  Granted, all of them are photographed in flattering light and no doubt all their clumsy moments have been edited from the footage...but there is something joyous about seeing them recalling the great events of their youths some 35 years past.  We can see them young again.  To me, this is the real lesson of MAN ON WIRE...the transformative power of being able to look back on a life well lived.  Of having a memory so unique and singular that you and a few friends shared...and which you can happily share with the world now.    But don't get me wrong...much of the movie is as dramatic as a well-written caper movie.  These humble, awkward \\"kids\\" have to concoct a plot to sneak men and equipment to the top of the towers and devise a way to send a heavy cable across 200ft of space between the towers.  There are moments of real tension here, as we imagine how scary and just a touch insane they were.  (In fact, many of the friends were so frightened, they couldn't actually go through with it.)    And it isn't spoiling anything to say that they succeeded.  Phillipe Petit did indeed cross those towers.  And those moments are oddly moving.  Why should a crazy frenchman walking across the space between the two Trade Center buildings generate any reaction other than, \\"he's crazy and he's going to kill himself?\\"  Yet I found a good lump in my throat when it happens.  There is a rich emotional payoff that makes this fascinating movie a must-see.    My other complaint is that we get virtually no follow up. We see the few days after the event, and then it's vaguely shared that the relationships between these friends changed...but that's it.  No \\"here they are now\\" moments.  This isn't TRULY a failing of the film so much as my failing as an audience member expecting to be handed a neatly bundled package.  I recognize that...but it doesn't change my disappointment.  And the DVD has no bonus features that would help with this...so I was doubly disappointed!    Incidentally, the movie NEVER mentions the events of 9/11...but it never has to.  For me, MAN ON WIRE shows a different world...one in which there were two giant towers in the middle of the greatest city on earth, and how one man understood that he could do something strange and profound there.  And we know that now, this will never happen again, because this is no longer a world in which these two towers stand.  MAN ON WIRE allows you to think about what the towers meant to YOU.  Maybe you won't think of 9/11 at all...but I did, and I'm richer for it.
B001P9KR94|5.0|It is hard not feel for this young man who lives in the slums of Mumbai and whose grit and determination landed him in a pile of poop the first few minutes of the movie. I was pulled in immediately. The young Jamal was excellent in this role! His young squeaky voice yelling out \\"Amitabh Bachchan\\" was a cute as can be. And oh, the love he felt for Latika was heart wrenching. The more his mean-spirited brother Salim was determined to keep them apart, the more it seemed they were destined to be together. I loved this film so much I watched it 3 x the first week I bought it. It was so unexpected and I couldn't help it. This movie is right up there with my favorite love stories of all time: \\"Officer & a Gentlemen,\\" \\"Pretty Woman,\\" \\"Indecent Proposal,\\" and \\"The Titanic.\\" I loved this movie...I loved their story. I guess you could say I'm a romantic at heart. And I always root for the underdog. So three cheers and two thumbs up for the Slumdog of Mumbai!
B000X1N440|4.0|This is a delightful book and is joy to read.  It will make you happy that you can correctly punctuate English, after finishing this book.  I am not rating it with five stars, only because there is not a quick reference to the punctuation rules.  Otherwise, I really liked this book (I also tell the joke to friends who do not know that we have such amazing associates).
B0026NWBY2|5.0|It's a no-win situation for the powers that be when putting out such a career retrospective. Somebody will always have issues. But although I agree a handful of choice Harrisongs SHOULD have been included, the overall groove of \\"Let It Roll\\" succeeds -- in introducing people to the music and insight that made George Harrison unique.  Plus the packaging and booklet can't be improved upon. Just beautiful stuff and very respectful to the artist.   Standouts are many in this set, not just limited to \\"My Sweet Lord,\\" \\"Give Me Love,\\" \\"What Is Life,\\" \\"Rising Sun\\" or any of the live Beatles tracks penned by George represented here.  I am not sold on \\"Cheer Down\\" or \\"I Don't Want To Do It\\" being among his best, I would rather have seen \\"This Song\\" and \\"Bangla Desh\\" included. But from beginning to end, this CD depicts what Harrison was about. It should stir some buyers to dabble into his solo catalog, which is the main reason CDs like this are released in the first place.  To those folks, I would suggest \\"All Things Must Pass,\\" \\"Brainwashed\\" and the 1979 \\"George Harrison\\" album along with \\"Cloud Nine.\\" I would have included \\"33 1/3\\" but Olivia for some reason chose not to have it represented here. And \\"Living in the Material World,\\" a No. 1 album that is absolutely stunning, is a bit too heavy for neophytes. Enjoy the Dark Horse.
0131103628|4.0|As an undergrad at Columbia, I had the opportunity to learn C in 1976, when the UNIX was still (relatively) new and so was the C language, and I passed on it.  I corrected that mistake 10 years later at Brooklyn College and this was the book from which I learned it.    The book starts with an overview before going into details of the language, and it has no shortage of examples, and anyone who REALLY needs to know why C is not just C++ without classes will learn it from this book, including the unbuffered file system, which does NOT appear in the standard but is important on legacy systems.    The single weakness of the book is the fact that it was written by the creators of the language who used it primarily for text editing on UNIX systems.  While it does cover bit-manipulation operations, it spends very little time on the basics of input other than getline() and getchar().  some may find this shortsighted.    All in all, I'm teaching UNIX and C this coming term and THIS is the book that I'm using.
1416550542|5.0|I have a hard time finding books that are written well AND have a intriguing story that runs through out the entire book.  This book was a GREAT surprise.  It was written wonderfully and the story kept my interest through the whole book.  I hightly hightly recommend this book!
B000X1T7MS|5.0|This book was very interesting but clearly requires temperance by other sources.  In any highly polarized situation (I am currently reading about the +/- of the historical Jesus), one must read as much information as possible from both the extremes of opinion to less opinionated works.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|By far this was my second favorite (my first is new moon) in the series. In the beginning Jacob is more annoying than ever, and Bella has matured alot. Bella is an adult who is dealing with serious issues (marriage, a child, being a vampire) and she is not whiny at all in book 4. Jacob matures during the middle of the book, and the two of them develop an even closer friendship. I really enjoyed this book, and I hate that there is no book 5, however, book four does end the saga really well without any missing or loose ends.
B0019LY5IM|4.0|Lost - The Complete Fifth Season was the weirdest season yet. The first five episodes I was confused beyond belief, the flashforwards, flashbacks, and the present time is all jumbled together - I almost stopped watching this show altogether. Towards the middle, I kinda understood where the writers were heading, the season finale was definitely intriguing. Josh Holloway and Terry O'Quinn are still my favorite actors. Watch this show with someone who knows all the backstories because that helped me figure out what the hell was going on! Good show, can't wait for the final season next January.
B001IBIQU6|2.0|Seems that a lot of fans like myself who have been with the band from the beginning are disappointed with this album-starts off well but thats the highlight-for me thats 3 in a row that have had one or two great tracks but the rest you feel martin or andy  have run out of ideas or realise they can make anything and the devoted will buy-i'm sure the tour will be great but really some of these tunes are bad!sorry to say it but thats the way it is for me
B000ZLFALS|4.0|It is a musical.  My g/f liked the movie so here is her birthday present.
B000BKVQTS|1.0|There are few movies that I am not able to see through, no matter how bad. This was one of those. I tried twice. I don't think I got more than a half hour into the movie. For a movie that was such intense action, it was so BORING!<br />Really, there was nothing good about this movie. Not even the star studded cast was able to salvage it.<br />And in case you say to yourself, well, she didn't see the whole movie, so she can't give a fair critique--a friend told me the plot to the end. It doesn't get better.
B001GCUNYO|4.0|Simply awesome Movie.<br /><br />Cool Action stunts from a Ordinary looking Guy . I liked it . He doesnt have a body like a action hero . but his stunts were great .<br /><br />Liam Neesom plays a newly retired and lonely agent.<br /><br />He's the entire film and it's worth your time.<br /><br />This movie is not like any other Action movie , basically a more intelligent Action Movie
1577314808|5.0|This book changed the way I live, it helped me open up my heart and take control of my mind in ways I'd never been able to before.  It showed me in clear, easy to understand explanations, that I am not my mind, my mind should not control me, I must and can control my mind.  This simple truth unlocks great power and drops one into the moment of each life-experience, enriching it beyond compare.  I am forever grateful to Tolle for this book.
B001FB55N0|4.0|the magical family comedy by Walt Disney<br /><br />Its is a Fun movie for Adult and Childrens .<br /><br />A tale about a man who makes up bedtime stories for his niece and nephew only to find that they magically come true the next day, Bedtime Stories is a funny and enjoyable film about finding happiness in unexpected places<br /><br />there are some scenes which are not kid friendly.<br /><br />Overall a Good Movie to watch
0452289963|5.0|This book, to me, is a continuation of the work started by Tolle in The Power of Now.  It helped me go further into the practice of harnessing the joy and clarity of this and every moment and helped me see how to use this power to change my life, my environment, my world for the better.  Most important, how to help others do the same.
B000BHHVPO|4.0|With the plethora of acts on the DVD, it's hard to buy this and be disappointed. Almost all genres of modern music are present, with \\"pop\\" and metal acts conspicuously absent for whatever reason. So whether you like The Who, Dave Matthews Band or Jay-Z, there is something here for you.<br /><br />My one complaint, as someone who was there, was that the song selection puzzled me. Not only was a significant portion of it presented out of order, but a lot of the bigger names, such as Linkin Park or Neil Youn, who did half-hour or 45-minute sets only have one song included while smaller acts get almost their entire set included, and several venues are woefully underrepresented - either shoved in the back as an \\"extra\\" or having one or two songs make the cut.<br /><br />This is a great collection, don't get me wrong. But to really do this concert justice, it needed at least another disc of content.
B000JBXLOM|5.0|All the songs are previous released material except 'Gnik Nus' which is only a reverse version of the 'Sun King'<br />It begins promising with a nice madrigal rendering of 'Because', but soon most of the other songs are mixed with too much psychedelic noise so that for instance the steady beat of 'Get Back' gets lost completely in noises that are totally irrelevant. I prayed the Lord that at least the beautiful 'Eleanor Rigby' would be the original recording and thanks Heaven it was. Only a few other songs (there are 20 songs) like 'I Want To Hold Your Hand' are also the original recording.<br /><br />You get the feeling that this CD is a mere potpourri of Beatles songs. The only positive thing is that the remix is very well done in so far that you have the feeling to stand between The Beatles while they are singing.<br />So far for the quality of this recording. The philosophy of the producers (George Martin and Giles Martin.) seems to be that The Beatles are a symbol for the psychedelic late 60's and early 70's and they seem to ignore the fact that The Beatles had their greatest successes in the mid 60's like for instance the above mentioned 'I Want To Hold Your Hand.' I call that a one-sided vision.
B00192IV0O|1.0|Even more proof that I didn't need. This album is a giant pop train wreck. This is the most generic, terrible, least innovative, pop music, of 2009--hands down. I can't believe this album is at the top of the billboard 200. It makes me want to cry.
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|I loved this movie from beginning to end. Keira Knightley plays the beautiful and stubborn Eliza Bennet in this stirring film, while Matthew Macfadyen acts as the proud Mr. Darcy. A great rendition of the story that stays true to the original tale. I've watched this movie a thousand times and highly recommend it to others!
B001AQMBKA|5.0|Lost season 2 is a very exciting and entertaining season. Lost is a show that is full of mysteries and secrets, so I won't be giving away any of this season's plot. Every season of Lost looks and sounds incredible on BluRay- and this season is no exception. Fine detail, black levels, and colors are excellent. Many episodes of Lost on BluRay equal or surpass big Hollywood movies in terms of image quality. This set includes a DTS-HD audio track that sounds much better than the DVD version's Dolby Digital track. The audio track is very nicely balanced- I never needed to adjust the volume to make out what was being said. This is a very high quality release. For those of you that already own the DVD version- the first two seasons include rebates for $20 from Disney.
0452289963|4.0|The 'spiritual teacher' comes across best in books like this..the 'entertaining spiritual commedian' in his lectures and CDs. In any case, as these many reviews demonstrate, he is immensely popular. Check out also Jacob Needleman's excellent books..especially his 'Little Book on Love' (1996).[[ASIN:044050905X A Little Book on Love]]
0765316889|4.0|The Well of Ascension begins about a year after the events that occurred at the end of Mistborn. The novel takes a while to get going and generally has less excitement to offer than its predecessor. After all, we're now mostly familiar with the world of The Final Empire and we understand the rules of the unique magic systems that rely on the burning of metals for powers and the storing of attributes such as strength, age, and eye-sight into metals. The loss of Kelsior, the most dynamic of Sanderson's characters, creates a void not only in the other characters' lives, but in this book as well.<br /><br />The pace is slow in the beginning, but things finally take off when we're introduced to Zane, an unbalanced Mistborn who can't decide whose side he's on (and who may or may not be insane), and when we find out that there's an unknown kandra spy in the palace. I was fascinated by the kandra -- creatures who can ingest a corpse and impersonate the person or animal whose body it has eaten. Not only was that really cool, but it gave the opportunity for some quirky humor. (The humor in this novel is very sparse but very funny.)<br /><br />Besides the kandra, Mr. Sanderson has created some other intriguing creatures: the koloss who never stop growing even when their skin can no longer stretch and who think of themselves as human, the inquisitors who have metal spikes through their brains and bodies (we don't know the purpose of these spikes yet). This is my favorite aspect of this series -- Mr. Sanderson's wonderful imagination.<br /><br />The Well of Ascension is very well written (other than the constant \\"pausing\\" that I mentioned in my review of Mistborn) and the audiobook, read by Michael Kramer, is a treat to listen to.<br /><br />The Well of Ascension answers a lot of questions which we were left wondering about after Mistborn, but there are just as many questions still left. I have no doubt that all will be made clear in The Hero of Ages (which I am already listening to). This is a well-planned trilogy and this middle book ends with the promise of plenty more surprises yet to come.ilogy and this middle book ends with the promise of plenty more surprises yet to come.
B002AR9YPI|1.0|I have absolutely tried to enjoy this band, but i just can't get my head around it. I'm not sure what it is about it, but I just don't really like it. Don't get me wrong, I am a die-hard indie fan, but like I've said i just don't like it. I personally think It's a little too whiney.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|True Blood is, in my opinion, one of THE best shows on TV! The story is great. The characters are so interesting and the actors that play them do such an amazing job. Every single episode leaves you hanging on the edge of your seat anticipating whats next.    As far as the package itself, HBO did an OUTSTANDING job. The case is stunning. The pictures and texture of the case are great, and I was pretty shocked when I opened it up to find 5 discs! Most networks package TV show seasons very cheaply, with as few discs and other content as possible. This item was done very lavishly. The first season boxed set is worth every penny.
0670020478|4.0|I just finished reading The Element: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything and have to say that I really enjoyed it.<br /><br />While the book spends a little too much time in the realm of 'celebrity worship' (i.e., there are LOT of celebrities that have found 'the element' apparently), the book is still a very good read.<br /><br />The basic premise is that every person has their own 'Element' that they fit the best into.  What is the element?  Basically, the Element is the location where a person's passion, interests and natural abilities intersect.<br /><br />The Element is something that a person has to find for themselves. Schools can't teach a child to find their element.  In fact, many schools and parents do the opposite...they try to drive children into the 'safe' areas for careers and educational study.<br /><br />The book contains a lot of stories of people that have found their 'Element'.  Many of these stories are of people who've gone against the 'normal' educational route to become their own person.<br /><br />That said, this book does not slam modern education and teachers. From all accounts, Sir Ken Robinson is very much pro-education and pro-teacher.  What the book does do well is provide examples and discussion around the current state of educational theory and what it is doing wrong.<br /><br />What is current education theory and practice doing wrong?  Easy...we are teaching everyone the same thing and using standardized testing to examine what has been learned.  In my opinion, there's nothing worse than<br /><br />The book is an easy read and highly recommended to anyone interested in the ideas of creativity and passion and educational ideas.
0439023483|5.0|I loved this book.  It's an easy read that really draws you in, but it isn't stupid, like Twilight or The Davinci Code.  It manages to be thrilling while still making something like sense.  I recommend this book for adult and children readers alike.
B0002CHIJW|1.0|Geez...Get over it people.  What is most offensive about this piece of trash if not the rape footage, but rather its ability to manipulate us into thinking this is important in any way.  It is badly done, strictly manipulative and in no way worthy of discussion (see, I am being ironic).  If you want to witness the true horror of rape, see Kubrick's 'Clockwork' or 'Better Days'.  C'mon--kitsch is kitsch and trash is trash and this definitely falls in the latter category.  This is offensive not because of its IQ-reducing and blatantly ludicrous aesthetic, but because it is still in the repetoire of horror films(??!!)  And the little critique from Cannes speaks volumes to the paucity of good films and postmodern French sensibilities in reviewing films.  Let this piece of crap die on the slaughterbench of history--please!!
B00000GAMF|4.0|It's been said before but it bears repeating again- this album takes time but it's worth the effort.  At first I could only get thru the first half and then I fell asleep or lost interest.  Months and months went by before I decided to give it another try since I appreciate the band so much.  A few more spins and WOW!!  It all came together- the drama, the fury, the mystery and the pure awesomness of it all.  It's a ride.  You dont just listen to this album, you experience it, and I think that's what takes getting used to.  This album gets inside my blood, I see now it is a VERY special album.  And that it is all built around an obscure news story just adds to the mystique.  Just don't love Brave's last track...<br /><br />I put it second only to Misplaced, the original emotional roller coaster.
B0017I1FNK|4.0|The sound is a departure from Wrecking Ball (1995), Red Dirt Girl (2000) and [[ASIN:B0000AKNEN Stumble Into Grace]] (2003), considered her Daniel Lanois trilogy although the last two were produced by Malcolm Burn. It's not a return to her earlier style either, despite the production of Brian Ahern who was responsible for masterpieces like Luxury Liner, [[ASIN:B00013BN52 Elite Hotel]] and Blue Kentucky Girl.<br /><br />Most tracks appear to be in the mournful ballad mould; they may be melancholic on the surface but there's a subversive [[ASIN:B00000JZBQ undertone]] of hope. The opening number Shores of White Sand, defiant and life-affirming, is given a wistful air by a recorder flute. This contrasts nicely with the rock ballad Hold On where slide electric & electric guitars call the tune.<br /><br />Patti Griffin's Moon Song has stirring mandolin and accordion whilst Mark Germino's Broken Man's Lament is a springsteenesque tale of resignation with references to Patsy Cline and the 1960s Procol Harum classic [[ASIN:B00005J8KL A Whiter Shade of Pale]]. Then suddenly there's soul. Emmylou's own Gold, on which Dolly Parton and Vince Gill provide harmony vocals, is pure poetry. Sonically, the twang puts it firmly in the country camp.<br /><br />With their voices, a banjo & guitar, Canada's talented [[ASIN:B0000000JY McGarrigle sisters]] add magic to the second Harris composition How She Could Sing The Wildwood Flower. The magic intensifies through a striking interpretation of Tracy Chapman's [[ASIN:B000002H7I All That You Have Is Your Soul]], one of the album's highlights. Then Emmylou's vocals rise a register or two for Take That Ride with its impressive electric guitars.<br /><br />Atmospheric accordion & mandolin accompany the duet with Mike Auldridge called Old Five and Dimers Like Me, a track as good as any on her [[ASIN:B000002LFQ Duets]] album whilst Kern River, written by Merle Haggard, sounds vaguely familiar in theme, tune & structure to some other country or folk song. Dobro and fiddle add that special element that imprints it on one's soul.<br /><br />In its regret and nostalgia, the Harris composition Not Enough recalls Dolly Parton's old hit [[ASIN:B000002WXA Just Someone I Used To Know]] whilst Sailing Round the Room with its spectral backing vocals was co-written with Anna & Kate McGarrigle. The devotional Beyond the Great Divide is unapologetically country in sentiment & sound with aching male backing vocals that resemble those on the live album [[ASIN:B000009NTV Spyboy]].<br /><br />The CD booklet contains all the lyrics, the credits, a message from M Lou and some lovely full-color photographs of her and various contributors. With the exception of the aforementioned Chapman interpretation, I would say Ms Harris' own compositions outshine the covers. Songs like Gold, Wildwood Flower, Not Enough and Beyond the Great Divide will soon be reckoned amongst her most beloved songs.hat special element that imprints it on one's soul.      In its regret and nostalgia, the Harris composition Not Enough recalls Dolly Parton's old hit [[ASIN:B000002WXA Just Someone I Used To Know]] whilst Sailing Round the Room with its spectral backing vocals was co-written with Anna & Kate McGarrigle. The devotional Beyond the Great Divide is unapologetically country in sentiment & sound with aching male backing vocals that resemble those on the live album [[ASIN:B000009NTV Spyboy]].    The CD booklet contains all the lyrics, the credits, a message from M Lou and some lovely full-color photographs of her and various contributors. With the exception of the aforementioned Chapman interpretation, I would say Ms Harris' own compositions outshine the covers. Songs like Gold, Wildwood Flower, Not Enough and Beyond the Great Divide will soon be reckoned amongst her most beloved songs.
B001WCBPCW|5.0|I used to be a big fan of Dan and Handsome Boy Modeling School. He makes the difference on this record, nice fat, crunchy beats.
0316067601|4.0|Well written, easy to read and exciting. It's a real-life movie that tells what our Special Forces are going through in Afganistan. The author did get a little preachy about the \\"liberals\\" back home, but only a couple of times and I just skipped past some of that. He's free to believe what he wants. The story of his bravery and that of his team is unbelieveable, and also of the local tribesmen and how they reacted to his plight ( I won't give it away).   Next on my list is Horse Soldiers by Doug Stanton, the story of Green Beret's in Afganistan.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|I wish this had been a double album but I believe there will be a volume 2 of George Harrison songs. I'm happy for the wonderfully remastered songs on this album. For the critics, I think it should be considered just how hard it must have been to chose the songs on this album. First of all the work spanned 35 years of George's life. Secondly, what audience was the album meant for- younger fans who have not been exposed to the depth and beauty of George's music and need an overview to start out or to long time fans? I think they tried to strike a balance and with that in mind, I do not think this is a bad job. The choice of songs was a difficult line to walk. And Critics, don't forget- this won't be the last George Harrison record- you can count on that. The response to this album has been overwhelming.
0312383320|3.0|Audio version of this book was entertaining.  Not Ms. Evanovich's best by far.  The monkey wore on me (and kind of gave me the creeps).  CDs of the Plum Series were much more enjoyable when C.J. Critt was doing them (especially voices of Morelli and Ranger).  I miss her!
B0026UV77C|5.0|How many bands can you name that has consistently made great albums for over a decade?  Placebo has done each and every album a bit better than the previous, not to mentiom that hardly ever you can find albums with great songs from beginning to end.  \\"Battle for the Sun\\" is a great album....hard to decide if it beats Meds, but without a doubt, amazing songs have been written and Brians sounds better than ever.....although I have to say I miss some of \\"the sex, the drugs and the complications\\" in Molko´s lyrics.  A great CD.....a must have....and It grows on you very quickly.
B001IBIQU6|1.0|I want to like this album. I've been an avid fan since Speak + Spell and quite enjoy even many of the low points of their career to date. I'm hoping this album will grow on me, but after 5 listens I wonder if I'll even be listening a 6th time. There are a few promising/interesting moments, but they fail to sustain any interest. I haven't listened to the 5.1 mixes yet, but the stereo CD sounds really weak to boot: no depth of field, very narrow dynamic dynamic range. I'm unable to get excited about it. Hopefully it'll grow on me, but Depeche Mode used to grab me by the gut and amaze me on the 1st listen... *sigh*
B001KL3GWM|5.0|I didn't expect to like this one as much as I do.  Generally, I prefer the jazzier and more eclectic sounds of Live at the Georgia Theater and Soul Serenade to the more straight blues sound of Out of the Madness.  When I found out that this album would be a bit more about the blues, I got nervous.  However, this album is an outstanding piece of work, and my favorite studio album so far by Derek Trucks.  It sounds so much more loose and organic than anything he has done before, and the blues sound draws more from the swampy sounds of the Gulf Coast than Trucks' Allman roots.  The musicians give each other space, and it is that space between the notes that creates the organic, swampy groove of this album.  There are impressive solos, to be sure, but they are kept short and to the point.  One of the things that has always been most impressive about Derek Trucks is that despite his instrumental prowess, he has always shown restraint.  He gives the band their own space, and he doesn't go on excessively flashy and self-indulgent solos.  Never has that been more true than on this album.  So, if you just want long Derek Trucks guitar solos, this album won't be to your liking.  This album isn't about the solos.  It is about the groove.    It is also nice to see how cleanly Mike Mattison has integrated into the sound of the band.  His raspy voice is actually better-suited to the organic, swampy sounds of this album than it is to the clean, jazzy sounds of their more instrumental-oriented recordings.  That isn't to say that I don't love Live at the Georgia Theater.  This sound just suits his voice a bit better.    I would also like to add a few words about \\"the Derek Trucks riff.\\"  If you listen to him enough, you probably know the riff I mean.  When he plays a solo with a slide, he has a tendency to resolve his solos with the exact same descending sequence of notes.  It can get a bit frustrating.  As he has grown as a musician, he has been weening himself away from that riff.One of the things that made me nervous about this album is that he uses his signature riff most frequently when playing blues, so a blues album ran the risk of too many uses of \\"the Derek Trucks riff.\\"  However, he uses it only sparingly on this album.  I have high hopes that within a few years, he will retire \\"the Derek Trucks riff.\\"  Yes, it is a good riff, but I grow weary of repetition.  If I wanted to listen to the same riff, I wouldn't keep buying his albums-- I'd only need one.  As Derek Trucks grows, he gets better in every way.    Further listening:  If you want to explore the swampier sounds of this album a bit more, try albums by Mofro, The Bridge (Blind Man's Hill), Eric Lindell, Damon Fowler.  You might also give a listen to Steve Winwood's latest, Nine Lives.  He has abandoned the adult-contemporary sound that made him money in the 80s and early 90s, and gone back to make gritty, bluesy music.  Give him another try.  On the other hand, if you are bothered by this album because it deviates from the clean and urbane sound of his previous albums, avoid these recommendations.  If you want something closer to his clean, jazzy stuff, try an album called Happy Accident by Chef Dave, or either of Johnny A.'s albums.
156224003X|5.0|As someone who is \\"new\\" to jazz, I started becoming overwhelmed when I looked at ALL the material there was. How to create lines, different new chords, all the tunes, ETC etc.. It all seemed like so much there was no way i was going to learn all of it and in a proficient way as to be a good player! Well Kenny gave me a great insight through his book on how to \\"not care\\". And through not caring about how to play \\"valid jazz\\" I was free to create the music I heard in my head! I also always found my playing was either WONDER-FULL or was in a rut.. and if it Was wonderful it was probably about to be in a rut and Kenny showed me why that is.  This book has so many great things to offer, philisophical insights, tips on HOW to practice which was great for me, different meditations, etc.. And whenever I lose sight of what my real goal is in playing music (connecting with my inner self) I go back and read different parts of the book again (step 1-4) and it sparks something. I really wish to go to a seminar givin by Werner someday just so I can thank him for writing such a great book! JUST BUY THIS BOOK
0375812024|4.0|This book appears to be written by Huck Scarry in 2001 under the Richard Scarry Corporation.  Still- a fun read.  Try to find the guy chasing his hat on most of the pages.  Same spirit of detail and fun.
B001R10BEG|4.0|I don't see Tom Hanks' name anywhere on this page? I thought he was in this movie.
B000OZ0NXA|4.0|I downloaded Persuader when it was free for the Kindle. I found out it was number seven in a series. So, I decided to start with the beginning - sounded logical to me. I was hooked from the start. Child's does an excellent job of building the character of Reacher as well as the other main characters. I never saw the plot twist coming! I am a big Reacher fan now. Stayed up very late to finish the book - even had my Kindle reading to me in the car because I just had to find out what was going on!
B000QUCNP4|4.0|I really enjoyed this film.<br /><br />Unfortunately, it was inhibited by its source material.<br /><br />The film was very well done, as far as it goes.  Great performances by Robert Downey Jr. and the entire, sprawling cast.<br /><br />What mitigated the film's power was the fact that it had to stick to its roots as a \\"true story.\\"<br /><br />In true life, as in the film, the Zodiac investigation(s) (there were many, all over CA and Washington, DC) were drawn-out, dropped altogether, grew cold and finally resuscitated again.  This fragmented, meandering timeline takes its toll on the film's pacing.<br /><br />In addition, the \\"lead\\" character, played by Jake Gyllenhaal, was somewhat of a schlubby cartoonist.  Oh that damn \\"truth\\" again, rearing it's undramatic head.<br /><br />And finally, after all of those years and lives shattered and man-hours expended on the notorious case, it was never actually resolved.  There was never an arrest in the case.  No justice served up - no satisfactory ending for all of the people involved.<br /><br />Not exactly the stuff of great fiction.  But then again, unfortunately, the Zodiac killer wasn't someone's fiction.<br /><br />But even working within these stringent parameters, the film was engrossing and worth your time.  Especially if you enjoy noir and crime drama.  Then I'd highly recommend it.
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 has had some great albums over the years, but in my opinion, this is the very best one.  This is a total \\"album\\" from start to finish and more than just a good song or two.  The music is well-written and well-produced with a band that plays well together and has great chemistry.    I wish more albums were like this.
0061767581|4.0|The book is a great summer read.  It's entertaining and captivating. I was definitely pleasantly surprised by the writing.  I didnt have high expectations but Condrad did a wonderful job.  I am looking for the next book in the three-book series.
B000B8657S|4.0|So many wise words from the above reviewers.<br /><br />You are only going to buy this set if you are a avid collector or for Academic interest. It certainly is enlightening hearing Schubert's style develop throughout the set. However, as a clever as I think I am, I would be getting so much more out of this process if I had Johnson's essays to guide my listening. They were the reason, as much as the recordings themselves that I wanted to have this collection. I actually regret having it now. I rarely listen to it, as it is rather unapproachable as it is, especially not having the unifying thread of the artists to help you through. The presentation is also very average. The slimline cases will scratch and look tatty with repeated listening and it's not as if it is a bargain box, although cheaper than the individual discs. Having a chunk of foam to stop the book rattling around is really rather ordinary and tawdry.<br /><br />I think at the very least Hyperion could put the essays on a CD ROM if they say the cost of printing them is too prohibitive.<br /><br />It still has to have four stars because of the quality of the recordings and the cheap price, but you would be better off spending the extra money and buying the individual discs.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|Look at the 1-star reviews here:   At this point there are 3 of them and do they say the music is bad? Do they not LOVE the songs?   No.  Two -------s gave it one star because of what is NOT on the collection. Can you imagine??!  And one other ------- gave it only 1 star because of - get this! - what is NOT in the liner notes!! (They neglected to list the personnel on each song.)    So if you take those 3 morons' reviews away this album is actually very highly rated. I might also mention that this album by an artist dead now almost 8 years, an artist who never pandered to popularity or commercialism, has been #1 and #2 in rankings since it was released 3 days ago. That should tell you something!    This cd is more or less a personal collection of George's wife Olivia's favorite tracks, tracks she felt best represented his diverse career. Should it have been 2 cd's so ALL the favorites could have been included? Even she says it probably should have. But for whatever reason(s), it was culled down to 19 great songs, and thus a few of the fans' favorites were left off.     Personally I think it flows really well and it's a great collection for both the new George fan and the old fan, alike. It's a beautiful album. What more needs to be said?    Please, if you feel the music here sucks, by all means give it one star. But don't give it 1 star just because it doesn't have your favorite songs on it or is lacking something in the liner notes!
B00000583F|5.0|Sleep's Holy Mountain is generally considered one of the cornerstone's in stoner rock/metal. Now of course, you don't need to be a stoner to enjoy this music, and in fact, Sleep made quite an impressive album here. As a musician who loves improvisation, I enjoy the jamming that the power trio does throughout the album. Songs such as \\"Evil Gypsy/Solomon's Theme\\" and \\"Holy Mountain\\" showcase their skillful, sludgy jamming. Also, we have some nice bluegrass guitar on \\"Some Grass\\", and the opener \\"Dragonaut\\" has, let's be honest, probably one of the sexiest grooves ever for a metal song!  Sleep reminds me a lot of Black Sabbath, but with usually gruffer, but understandable, vocals. The lyrics are first-rate, delving deeply into fantasy as you can get, and the music sets the perfect mood for it. Overall, this is definitely a classic album that may be hard to obtain, but well worth the effort. I find myself listening to it over and over again. Thanks for the time, and peace.
0521008433|5.0|I read this book for my graduate class and also used for my private group study. Overall this book is an excellent theoretical overview of various approaches and methods of teaching languages, especially English.    Pro - very systematic and organized. A good book to start with. Various kinds of resources.     Con - Too theoretical. If you are not an experienced teacher, you might want to start with [[ASIN:1413004628 Teacher's Handbook: Contextualized Language Instruction]]. Also, because it's all text-based, it's sometimes hard to understand what it's talking about. The authors might better help readers by adding video clips of different methods and approaches.    I recommend this book.
B0025YKDJC|5.0|I came into this with trepidation regarding Jim Carrey's past flops....but still a fan, mind you.  I came out really enjoying Zooey Deschanel's performance as well as Mr. Carrey's.
140130916X|4.0|I really enjoyed reading this book.  There are differences from the movie (such as Holly's dad is around, the book is set in Ireland and she has more siblings).  But for the most part, it is pretty true.  It centers around a young (29 years old) widow named Holly.  She has just recently lost her husband Gerry to a brain tumor.  In her depression, her mother tells her there is an envelope at their house for her that says, \\"The List\\".  Holly and Gerry had a running joke that if anything ever happened to him, he would have to leave her a list of what to do without him.  Suddenly Holly has a reason for living, she cannot wait to open each new letter every month.  The letters range from \\"Buy a bedside lamp\\" to \\"Go on a trip (that Gerry booked) to Spain with her girlfriends\\" to \\"Sing Karaoke\\" .  Along the way, Holly has her moments of breaking down and of being jealous of her friends' happiness.  But she finds a reason to move forward in these letters that Gerry left for her.  They were his way of getting her through the mourning process.  I really loved this book, I laughed out loud at parts, I cried at parts and I just really felt like I knew the characters.<br />Now on to the writing, is it the best?  No, but keep in mind that Cecelia Ahern was only 21 when she wrote it.  The writing will not win any awards but it is VERY easy to follow and you don't really have to put a lot of thought into the book.  I think the writing is decent for a \\"chick lit\\" style read.<br />All in all, I would recommend this book to anyone who wants a light summer read.
B00008RH3L|4.0|A handsome movie about men in hats, was how the Coens described this movie. That's exactly it. One of their best. A slick, ersatz 1920s era gangster movie, the Coens know how to respect the conventions of the genre and when to subvert them. The plot is complex and slippery, but never unravels as it pings between the main characters - Tom, the Irish gangster caught in a war between two prohibition era mafia bosses - Leo and Johnny, also messed about by a corrupt bookie.<br /><br />The acting is slick and powerful, right down to the minor characters including Steve Buscemi as a homosexual bookie who double crosses his colleagues.<br /><br />One of the Coen's top films.
B000INAXGU|5.0|I am very happy with this CD it's what a really wanted and got what I paid for.
0060558121|5.0|American Gods: I'm beginning a second read of this wonderful and intriguing novel whereby Shadow, the heroic Herodotus-reading exconvict gets caught up in the \\"war\\" of the trappings of modernity vs the foundations of myth and belief systems. American Gods is sprawling, but entertaining! Don't miss this one if you enjoy sci-fi, fantasy, mythology based novels!
B001RIY4WE|4.0|I was a little concerned after reading the bad reviews this disc is getting due to non-compatibility with some BD players but I had no such trouble on my DMP-BD35 2.0 compliant player. I updated the player's firmware (version 1.9), just in case, but don't have it connected via broadband and didn't get a chance to test any of the \\"on-line\\" content. And contrary to some reviews YOU DON'T NEED TO BE HOOKED UP TO THE INTERNET TO PLAY THE MOVIE!    Once I opened the packaging and popped the disc into the player it took less than a minute for the \\"Skynet is unable to connect to the internet\\" message to appear and you hit \\"Cancel\\" (if you aren't wired). Another minute and the \\"Mainframe Accessing\\" animation starts followed by the main menus about a minute and a half later. Once I selected the version 30 seconds passed followed by the obligatory series of splashes and logos, annoying but not much different than most other discs these days. The movie started a few minutes later. So the total time lapse from the moment the disc player tray disappeared to the movie actually beginning (credits and music) was about 6 minutes. A long wait by most Blu-ray standards but certainly not the horror that I've heard some complain about (20 minutes plus!?). The menus too are a bit sluggish but not overwhelmingly so.    The video quality is outstanding if a bit soft (not too unusual for a movie of this age) but the sound is AMAZING! This you really must experience with a 5.1/7.1 surround system to get the full effect this film was made to convey. I've owned the T2 laserdisc for years and it remains superior to any DVD version I've seen but this Blu-ray finally trumps it. 4 Stars for the relatively long wait to get to the feature and the slightly sluggish menus but the 'Skynet Edition' is a winner for those with 2.0 compliant BD players.
0307266303|5.0|If you are looking for a great read, fiction or non-, regardless of subject matter, this is it.  I'm guessing it'll be the best book I read this year.  I've already purchased and mailed an additional copy to a loved one who I'm sure will enjoy this read as much as I did.<br /><br />This book has it all, drama, a diversity of interesting characters, compelling sub-plots, a completely new way to look at ourselves, and surprisingly, even some science thrown in that adds to the story rather than bogging it down.  I think this book could easily be adapted into a great movie as well, from a sheer entertainment perspective as well as the inspiration it elicits by portraying how our limits are well-beyond our perception.<br /><br />I recommend keeping an online computer nearby while reading the book.  I was continually looking up stuff while reading:  using Google Image Search to get pictures of the ultra-marathoners and the Taramuhara, along with the Taramuhara sandals, checking out [[ASIN:B0026MHO2C VIBRAM FIVEFINGERS CLASSIC SHOE]], checking out the race results for subsequent ultra-marathons in the Copper Canyon, and looking up the scientific publications at ScienceDaily cited by the author on our potential to be healthier endurance runners (the author fails to provide citations, but drops enough names that the articles he relies on are easily discovered).<br /><br />My only caution is that part of the subtitle extends into a bit of hyperbole, i.e., \\"the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen\\".  While the race is the climax of the book, McDougall's narrative regarding this specific race is nowhere near exhaustive nor is this race the only critical element of the book, which I think is a good thing to some extent.  I enjoyed the read throughout rather than racing through the book merely to reach the climax.  However, McDougall's relative brevity regarding the race between America's Scott Jurek, some other American ultra-marathoners, and the leading Taramuhara runners left me wanting more details about the race itself, especially the lack of a post-race analysis by the actual runners competing for first place.  Compensating for that though are compelling tales of American ultra-marathon experiences by both the characters in the book and the Taramuhara who competed that run throughout the book.s about the race itself, especially the lack of a post-race analysis by the actual runners competing for first place.  Compensating for that though are compelling tales of American ultra-marathon experiences by both the characters in the book and the Taramuhara who competed that run throughout the book.
B0000028SR|4.0|Rock icon Bruce Springsteen recorded \\"Human Touch\\" in 1990 but shelved the project until he completed [[ASIN:B0012GMWCA Lucky Town]] in 1992, deciding to release both albums together. In light of its predecessor, 1988's somber, personal, and emotional [[ASIN:B0000026E5 Tunnel of Love]], \\"Human Touch\\" is generally happy and upbeat, consisting of clever, thoughtful rock songs, as well as some of his best guitar playing highlighted in the E Street Band's absence. Bruce and his crew of studio musicians execute a 59-minute record with few dull moments and many memorable ones. For the most part it doesn't have the power of his legendary classics, nor does it try to; they are light, enjoyable songs. Overall it's a great sounding record and might surprise some listeners because it is so overlooked.<br /><br />It opens brilliantly, with the wondrous title track, a classic single with ingenious writing and playing, the phenomenal \\"Soul Driver,\\" and the great statement that is \\"57 Channels (And Nothin' On).\\" \\"Gloria's Eyes,\\" \\"Roll of the Dice,\\" and \\"Real World\\" are steady-rocking and well-written winners, and \\"All or Nothin' At All,\\" \\"The Long Goodbye,\\" and the swinging \\"Real Man\\" also succeed radiantly at an upbeat tempo. The solemn ballads \\"With Every Wish,\\" marked by muted trumpet instrumentation, and \\"I Wish I Were Blind\\" sound like leftovers from [[ASIN:B0000026E5 Tunnel of Love]] and are also vintage Bruce. Perhaps the best song, though, is \\"Man's Job,\\" a simply excellent rock `n roll love song. The album also closes with a  charming rendition of folk classic \\"Pony Boy.\\"<br /><br />\\"Human Touch\\" may feel somewhat insubstantial in light of everything that preceded it, but it is an endlessly solid album of well-written, pleasant rock songs with some truly great moments and Bruce's inimitable soul. Springsteen fans should not hesitate to own this collection.
B0013TXA5Y|4.0|Alright let me start off by saying I only read this because my girl kept going on and on about it. To be honest though she was mostly gushing about Jace so my initial thoughts on the book weren't exactly good. Figured it would be kind of a trashy romance with vampires and other demons tossed in to make it apeal to the target crowd. Honestly I was expecting another twilight. Thank god I was wrong    There is actually very little romance in this book, its mostly a story about a girl comeing to terms with her life and exploring a new world that has recently opened up to her. I loved all the comic references even if they weren't played out and made me wonder if the author really knew what they were talking about or just pulled something off of google. And the story was pretty well done, it would go from a light hearted almost comedic tone to the werewolfs bloody battles all while still maintaining its flow. A good easy read, even if you don't exactly fit there target audiance
B000JBXXZ4|1.0|It's almost like these guys gave up and decided to cash paychecks instead of writing inspired music... I am really bummed out about this release. I hope they get a kick in the head from all the bad reviews and do some REAL song writing instead of going through the motions.    The single was just okay, but the rest of this CD is really bad. Maybe chicks dig it, but I have to pass. Hope for a better release next time...
B000000XB9|5.0|I'm giving a full five simply because it is great to have this many of Creedence's songs in a single CD, and now I can convert them to MP3 format for personal carry use.      All my old LPs had gotten so \\"used\\" over the years since I started buying CCR in the sixties they really were difficult to transfer to CDs even with Soundsoap \\"hiss/pop\\" removal programs.  Got it done, but the sound quality is less than I like.  Still they won't get any worse now!    Still really enjoy having these on a single CD, will be getting the second volume soon.    Clint.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is TOOL's best CD ever produced. It was an experiment that went right for them. I was able to see this tour, and I never looked back. TOOL is by far my favorite band. I don't know if it's the mysticism, their music, the live shows or what, but they really do it well.    I think TOOL is our modern day LED ZEPPELIN.    If you've never heard TOOL before (I can't image you haven't), start with this one. Then LATERALUS, their second best. 10,000 DAYS was good, but not great, I think all the fillers pissed me off on that CD. So please experience this band. I don't know why there are a few haters rating this the way they are. I can't believe that someone could NOT like this...oh well, just flush them all away.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|It's been interesting to observe the evolution of \\"Clint Eastwood\\" over the years. Some of us remember him as far back as his \\"Rawhide\\" days, and journeyed with him during his \\"Spaghetti Western\\" and \\"Dirty Harry\\" eras. Eastwood's company, \\"Malpaso\\" was formed in the late 60s and \\"Malpaso Productions\\" in the late 70s. It's from that era on, I've developed a true admiration of his work and that brings us to [[ASIN:B001KVZ6F2 Gran Torino (Widescreen Edition)]]<br /><br />It's important to say upfront that \\"Gran Torino\\" is not about the car - only what it symbolizes. \\"Gran Torino\\" is not an easy story and Walt Kowalski (played, directed, and produced by Eastwood) is not an easy or necessarily likeable man. In some ways, the character much reminded me of Al Pacino's \\"Lt. Col. Frank Slade\\" in \\"Scent of a Woman.\\" The words \\"curmudgeon,\\" \\"obtuse,\\" \\"hard-boiled,\\" and \\"bigoted\\" are just some of the descriptives. Kowalski has just lost his wife, is ill, is not happy with his life, with the world, his own neighborhood, or himself.<br /><br />Kowalski is especially vexed by his next door neighbors - who are \\"Hmong\\" immigrants, and a young priest (played by Christopher Carley) who is bent on watching over Kowalski. The priest, who looks ten minutes older than a middle school student, means well, but thinks he has invented the answers to life. At least, at the beginning.<br /><br />Then we add local gangs and their machinations into the mix and Kowalski finds himself in the position of defending his Asian neighbors. He is still resistant to friendship, but gradually the young boy Thao (Bee Vang) and his sister Sue (Ahney Her) get under his skin.<br /><br />It may be a cliche', but this is a \\"coming of age\\" story for many of the characters - including Kowalski when he makes an irrevocably final sacrifice in defense of the Asian family. Kowalski, in his own way, grew with one giant leap of selflessness.<br /><br />Like much of real life, this is a pretty tough story to take, but it leaves us with a sense of hope and the potentiality that people can change.potentiality that people can change.
B00006HAZG|4.0|David Copperfield is my favorite book- (along with the Razor's Edge). I've read it at least 10 times in the past 20 years. I've seen all of the film adaptations and this one is simply excellent. It stays true to the book in every way and the actors are true to the way Dickens wrote the characters.<br /><br /> I do wish that Steerforth had been a bit stronger- he is so pivotal in the story and his sexuality needs to be quite pronounced. I did feel the portrayal of Rosa Dartle with her scar was excellent. A lot had to be left out from the book of course, but I think the screenplay choices were sound.  And... what better advice for these times than Mr. MiCawber!<br /><br />\\"Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure nineteen pounds nineteen and six, result happiness. Annual income twenty pounds, annual expenditure twenty pounds ought and six, result misery.\\"<br /><br />Maybe the executives at AIG missed this book in high school.<br /><br />Dickens' work always reminds me that nothing EVER changes. Humans are humans- only our settings change. I would kick Mr. and Ms. Murdstone myself if they walked into my room! The actors really got this one right.<br /><br />I don't think an American version of this story would every make it to the screen. They would try to pretty up the actors and give it a Hollywood spin- only the British can get it right and they did.<br /><br />(Please excuse my character name spelling- you would think that after all of the readings I would remember!)<br /><br />Julie A. Fast
B00005JLEU|4.0|I must admit that I have not been a devoted fan of Anime. After seeing SPIRITIED AWAY, this could change!     Hayao Miyazaki must be a mad genius.  Many consider him to be Anime's greatest artist.  Having seen some of his work, I am fascinated by Innocence standing firm in the face of Great Evil, and horrendous creatures defeated by cute little unarmed girls without irises!  Love wins over all!    How does he do it?  Where do these images come from?  The Spirits of Bushido and the Spectre of Hiroshima combine in occassionaly confusing dialogue and violently grotesque action sequences, as mutant creatures and masterful scenery whirl by with tornadic intensity, in which no detail is too small.    Master Miyazaki, I admire your work.  Truly you are the Da Vinci of Animation.  Long may you live, to continue your work.  Thank you ,sir.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|\\"Let It Roll\\" is a long overdue collection of George Harrison's greatest solo songs.  I think it is excellent and should remind us all of his great body of work.  Especially welcome are \\"Give Me Love\\" and \\"Any Road\\" which are two excellent songs from the beginning and the end of a great career that touched many people.  I would have liked to see a few songs that were left off like \\"Fish On the Sand\\" a underrated track from Cloud 9, \\"Love Comes to Everyone\\" and \\"Lay His Head\\" a rare song I have only seen as a B-side (that's the back of a 45 rpm record for you young ones).  Harrison's well known spirituality also shines through on this collection and even though he was a different religion than myself and my sweet Lord is different than his, there still are common religious themes that make his music extra special.  I do not think George would begrudge me my faith in Jesus.  I think he may even agree with Christians on some level.  I hope there is more to come from this vital artist.  Buy this album, you will not regret it.
B000QFAJ7S|4.0|\\"My December\\" is definitely a departure for Kelly Clarkson. The original American Idol has up to this point given us bouncy pop-rock beats and sweet ballads.<br /><br />This time, Clarkson veers into the wronged-woman category that has become its own sub-genre of popular music. Backed by a hard-edged beat on many of the cuts, Clarkson sings with anger and rage to heartless lovers and the results are entertaining, if not what you would have expected.<br /><br />Songs like \\"Irvine,\\" \\"Judas,\\" \\"Never Again,\\" \\"Hole,\\" and \\"Sober, and others, point to a young woman struggling to find love and acceptance from a man. While there are some playful songs, such as \\"Can I Have A Kiss?,\\" these songs break so much of the previous Clarkson mold that it proved to be too much for many of her fans. However, even if it can be argued that these songs would have been better off mixed into several records with her usual fare (and this argument has merit), these songs are still well-written, well-produced, well-played, and of course, well-sung.<br /><br />My December may not end up being Kelly Clarkson's most popular record, but at least for now, it is, ironically, her most talked about record.
B000002UAC|5.0|Great album. I usually listen to it straight through. But when I do program the songs in a different order, I listen to these last: \\"Hold Me Tight,\\" \\"Little Child,\\" \\"Devil In Her Heart,\\" \\"Till There Was You,\\" \\"I Wanna Be Your Man.\\" All the other tunes are better, but the whole package is good. The lads originally wrote \\"I Wanna Be Your Man\\" for the Rolling Stones who recorded and released it first. Long Live Paul McCartney, Richard Starkey, and Pete Best! Speaking of Pete, a thought dawned on me for the first time ever yesterday: Why didn't Paul, George, and Ringo include Pete Best in the Video Anthology. What I mean is, he should have been interviewed too. He was there in the beginning. He's still alive. Why not include his thoughts on the experience. He didn't have to participate in the entire anthology, just up to the point when he departed. I'm saddened by this, but I still love them and the anthology on DVD.
B002436WJE|5.0|The Liam Neeson/Luc Besson action film \\"Taken\\" pairs the Academy Award-nominated actor and noted action film director, writer, and producer in a story that focuses on the human trafficking network in Europe where young girls are forced into a life of drugs and prostitution.<br /><br />Neeson plays Bryan Mills, an ex-CIA operative who has retired to spend more time with his daughter, played by Maggie Grace. Mills spent most of his career around the world pursuing danger, so much so that he ended up being divorced by his wife, played by Famke Janssen. Janssen has remarried a wealthy businessman, and her relationship with Mills is still frosty. Right after her 18th birthday, Mills' daughter asks for his signature on a permission form to travel to Europe with a 19-year old female friend. Mills balks, but after tears and a cajoiling from his ex, Mills signs the paperwork.<br /><br />No sooner does she get settled in her guest accomodations that the daughter is kidnapped by an Albanian group trafficking in young girls from overseas. Mills springs into action, and travels to France, where he becomes a one-man wrecking crew bent on finding his daughter and returning her to safety.<br /><br />Neeson handles the action scenes adroitly, and since this is already his territory, Besson and his director, Pierre Morel, produce a high-octane film that is fun, entertaining, and even manages to put a spotlight on a problem that is beginning to draw attention worldwide.<br /><br />In addition to the riveting action, the subleties and no-so subleties of beign a divorced parent on the outside are handled accurately and poignantly. All in all, Taken is a great action film with a number of nice nuances around the edges.
0143039601|5.0|I love all of Jack's books, but this is possibly my favorite.  I felt it was one of his most upbeat books.  Buy this book and read it while standing on your head!
B0013USZHG|5.0|Incredible and from a youth orchestra at that!  The entire CD is great but the Danzon no2, the piece I actually ordered the CD for, is everything! Gracias Gustavo the Great!!!
0525421033|5.0|This book is beautiful beyond words. The beauty lies not only in the novel's wonderful, life-affirming message, but in the writing. Gayle Forman made me feel every ounce of her characters' anguish and joy, and I feel as if I know them all personally. I soaked it up in one sitting, and have gone back to it again and again. I am telling everyone I know to read this book, which will make you cry yet never feel emotionally manipulated. You have to read this book.
B001IARDJ2|4.0|I found this book at our home. Being someone who is neither interested in shopping or in reading books that are pure fantasy (the ones where an ordinary girl meets a rich and successful man and he takes interest in her!!!), I was ready to give away the book without reading. But I had some free time and thought I could read a few pages and let it go but once I started reading I could not put the book down. I finished the entire book in one sitting, laughing many times while reading      The book is very funny and in parts very believable. I can imagine that people who love shopping and are deep in credit card debt do think like Rebecca regarding their bills and feel the same kind of anxiety/fear/hate towards those letters from banks and CC companies. However a word of caution for those young people who fantasize after reading books.   1.) Banks/CC companies are never so patient. Atleast in USA if you did not pay within 30 days there will be a permanent negative on your credit report which takes years to go. And the banks and CC companies will not take silly excuses.  2.) Rebecca was very lucky to have two of the richest bachelors in Britain pursue her. Even if you wear the best labels there is very remote, if any, chance of this happening in real lives.  3.) And lastly, if you did what Rebecca did (that is not pay your bills for that long), people will not be polite and your cards will stop working much earlier.    Therefore read this book just for enjoyment, the various incidents will make you laugh. It is pure entertainment.
B001E45XT4|3.0|In many ways, the GameCom 367 headset was the best thing I could buy. And it was, when it arrived in the mail. Unfortunately, I was extremely dissatisfied with eFunctional in delivering the data to FedEx that I wanted my item shipped out. I chose 2-day shipping, at about 1:00pm on a wednesday. Turns out, they only told FedEx they had a package for them at 9:00am the next day. So what good was my two-day shipping? The package arrives on Monday the next week, because FedEx apparently takes weekends off. $24!!! 24!!! That's how much I spent to get a package that would have arrived by UPS on Monday! FedEx, it appears, was probably doing their job. But eFunctional certainly wasn't. I paid a boatload of extra money just to get this headset at the same time I normally would have. And there are few things more dissatisfying than knowing you paid what probably amounts to an extra $15-$20 for nothing, all because some company decided your 2-day order request could wait for 20 whole hours! It was 1pm! Sure, if it was like, you know, 5pm or something yeah I can understand that. Makes sense, after all. Ordering something when the workers aren't there at normal working hours means waiting until the next day. But this was ludicrous. I lost a ton of money because of this. I would buy this again, if only for the product price, but I would never buy an expressed shipment from these guys. Seriously, if you want it cheap and don't care when you get it, go here. But if you want it fast, try one of the other GameCom offers. It's hard to believe another company could be any slower than this one.
B001TOD92C|5.0|The trailers for this movie made it look intelligent, compelling. But I resisted getting it because I thought it would cover essentially the same ground as that classic Rod Serling film, \\"Requiem for a Heavyweight.\\" I regarded that work as the definitive drama about a battered pug whose days in the ring had left him forever out of the circle - of what is almost everyman's expectation of friendship, love, life.    However I finally relented. I got \\"The Wrestler\\" - and found it to be a different, equally poignant take on that tragic theme. Whereas Requiem is a polished essay, \\"The Wrestler\\" has a more documentary, cinema verité feel about it. It puts a camera in the viewers' hands, allowing us to follow the Mickey Rourke character around through his daily routine.    Sometimes we trail after him as he jounces down ramps from the ring into the locker room. We see his small, dyed-blonde ponytail bobbing gamely ahead of us. Sometimes we hang back quietly and eavesdrop as he tries to make some human contact with the pole dancer at his club hangout, or as he tries to mend fences with his estranged daughter.    When we think of people selling their bodies to get by, we usually think of women engaged in prostitution. However here we see how men can get similarly rutted into making displays of themselves - with all the losing battles that entails, such as the battle to stay young-looking and healthy. Here Rourke goes bravely into that battle - always one more time. He makes us feel the bitter triumph of pursuing the only course left open to him - the triumph of just doing it.    The acting is superb. Rourke transforms himself physically for the role, but at the same time imbues the Wrestler with his own heartbreaking spirit of perseverance. That might be the ultimate success for an actor - to be able to look different in a variety of roles, while still bringing something essential of himself to each character. This truly is a tour de force performance by Rourke - not to be missed.
B000X418UE|4.0|Most everyone has seen this movie already, but this blu-ray is worth the upgrade on a larger tv and surround sound home theatre.
B0029LHWFO|5.0|The inner torment and struggle that President Obama discloses in this very personal autobiography surprised me because they are so different from the self-assured, amazing orator that I voted for to lead our country.  As a psychotherapist, seeing the road he traveled to get from his origin to his current position only increases my respect for the man.  One of the principles of family systems is that children of divorce suffer from the lack of the absent parent.  After his father's death, Barack Obama took action to reconnect with his father by visiting Kenya and tracing his fatherline history through many generations, with the help of his African relatives.  He came to see that he had been carrying the emotional burdens of his father, including a deep sense of parental abandonment, that I call \\"ancestral wounds\\" in my book Invisible Roots: How Healing Past Life Trauma Can Liberate Your Present (2008, Energy Psychology Press).  The scene with his weeping between the graves of his father and grandfather, releasing this burden, touched my heart.  Like a ceramic pot that needs to be fired to a high temperature to develop strength, our President is a person who has been through many trials in his own life experience around the globe and is using his gifts and talents to call us to a deeper union, not only within ourselves and within our country, but also as citizens of the world.  I couldn't put the book down!<br /><br />Barbara Stone, PhD<br />Author of [[ASIN:1604150173 Invisible Roots: How Healing Past Life Trauma Can Liberate Your Present]]
B000KJU1HI|5.0|This is the young Bob Dylan on a three week concert tour of England in 1965.  It is a tour de force of cinema verite.  It is fascinating to watch a young artist of extraordinary talent being asked questions about the meaning of his music.      Dylan's incredulous manner in response is funny, ironic, and at times very sarcastic; especially with the totally \\"out of it\\" reporter from Time Magazine.  The interview is one of the subjects of a very informative commentary by director and documentary genius D.A. Pennebaker and Bob Neuwirth, the tour manager.    His treatment of his young fans is a sweet counterpoint to his sarcastic treatment of the press.  He is kind and very solicitous of a gaggle of young girls he has up to his room before a performance.      An added pleasure is the snatches of the beautiful voice of Joan Baez who accompanied him on the tour.  Her offstage voice is as beautiful and radiant as onstage; strong and pure.     The deluxe edition has full tracks sung by Dylan while on the tour, including It Ain't Me Babe, It's All Over Now Baby Blue, Love Minus Zero/No Limit, The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll, and To Ramonna.  They are great.    This a \\"must see\\" for Dylan fans.  See it before you see \\"No Direction Home\\", a brilliant follow-up by Martin Scorsese about a subsequent much more controversial English Dylan concert tour when Dylan had switched from acoustic to electric.
1595141979|5.0|I read the first book and thought it was okay.  I read the reviews of the second and third and there were such good reviews I decided to finish the series.  I absolutely loved this book.  This was by far the best of the 3 and I cannot wait until August for the 4th!  I felt it was well written and the relationship between Rose and Dimitri was incredible.  I loved it.
0439023483|2.0|I was expecting to really like this book because of all the outstanding reviews I have read.  However, what I found was that the unique style of narrating totally put me off of this book.  I found the tense she wrote it in very distracting and I could not connect with the main character.  The author writes in very short sentences and I could not get into the rhythm of the book at all.  Also, is this book seriously being targeted towards teens?? I usually like YA fiction because for some reason I can still connect with characters still in high school.  Maybe its just because I am still a kid at heart, but I could not feel for Katniss at all in her situations.  Overall, I found it boring and pretentious.
B000026OW3|5.0|When I was growing up, I was exposed to mostly classical music including Chopin. I remember my parents having RCA recordings of Arthur Rubinstein playing the Waltzes, Mazurkas and Polonaises.    Out of the all Chopin performers, the greatest was Arthur Rubinstein followed (very closely) by Vladmir Horowitz. This being said, the CD set has transcribed well and remastered in digital format beautifully. I have listened a couple of the Polonaises and they are so beautiful that it is giving me \\"happy tears\\"...    The cons to this set is that due to the demise of the classical music and the remaining recordings are very few. That being said, not all Chopin's works are included such as all 17 Polonaises and 55 Mazurkas (I know that the most popular recordings are there but for such a box set I wish they were included - provided that they were recorded).
B000002J29|5.0|Don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of \\"Invisible Touch\\" and everything before and after by the (now) trio. The thing that sets \\"Seconds Out\\" apart (for me anyway), is how seamless the transition seems from former front man Peter Gabriel to drummer turned front man Phil Collins. Collins handles the Gabriel era material masterfully, and with an added wink to boot. This album also showcases great songs from the \\"A Trick of the Tail\\" and \\"Wind and Wuthering\\" releases, although the latter could have been better represented.     This album also serves as the last Genesis project with guitarist Steve Hackett, one of rock's truly underrated stringmen and unsung heroes. His work here is firmly above top notch. Tony Banks' dazzling keyboard work proves that he may not have been as flashy as Rick Wakeman or Keith Emerson, but he was no less imposing. What's also noticeable is how respectful the Parisian audience is to the music; they actually listen to every note of the performance and cheer happily between songs.     This is worth every penny just for the second disc alone. \\"Supper's Ready\\" is the real stand out here, and \\"Cinema Show\\" is exquisite. Highly recommended!
0312360266|5.0|This was a thrilling, exciting, delicious book that's aimed at teens but will be enjoyed by readers of all ages. (I'm in my mid-thirties) The heroine, Zoey is dynamic and spunky, who has an amusing and genuine voice. The writing style of the author(s) really appealed to me.<br /><br />I'm SO hooked on this series! The characters in Marked are completely enjoyable and interesting. The narrator Zoey Redbird is smart, strong, and her friends are diverse and likable. I liked how the authors have her attracted to more than one guy too. So, she's boy crazy? So, are most girls at that age! I certainly was. It keeps the reader guessing, who will win her heart in the end. Her human boyfriend, Heath? Her hot vamp boyfriend, Erik? Or the mysterious, fledging Stark?<br /><br />Hmmm, guess I better read the next book to find out.<br /><br />Marked has a riveting pace which kept me flipping the pages. The book ended with a lot of purposely unanswered questions, (don't ya love cliffhangers?) so I'm definitely looking forward to finding out what will happen to Zoey in the rest of this engaging series. The thing I like most about these books is the cliffhangers at the end of each one. While the authors do have a conclusion, it leaves it open and implores (demands!) the booklover to read the next book just to find out what happens to Zo and her loyal friends.<br /><br />The characters in Marked are very affable with lots of snarky humor. It's pretty fast paced which kept me interested and flipping the pages to see what would happen next. I literally found it hard to put down!!<br /><br />I loved Meyer's Twilight Series, but this one is just as good with a heroine that anyone could love. I like the fact, too, that she doesn't settle down with just one boy. I mean, most teenagers fall in and out of love a dozen times or more. It's a part of growing up. Well-written!! Bravo!
B001GM28HO|1.0|Yeah, sing about riding people's disco sticks and you got yourself a hit album for the year 2009. Yawn. If you like Lady CaCa, get a clue.
B001TH16DS|4.0|The reboot of Star Trek with a new feature film is just great. I was very concerned when the first trailer had that goofy shot of a pre-teen James Tiberius Kirk ditching a sports car off the side of a cliff. But the movie delivers and looks even more impressive on a second viewing.    If you've seen the film three times already, perhaps the best way to satiate your ST fix is Star Trek: The Original Series Season 1 on BluRay ($129.99; Paramount). This has every option I wanted in the standard DVD release. You get the entire first season in sterling new prints and sound (stereo or mono) and best of all you don't have to choose between the classic edition and the revamped all-new-special-effects version (which I despise). The set comes with both, along with a host of extras. It's a little more expensive than the most recent standard DVD version, but since you get both versions of the TV show (rather than just the spruced up new version), to me it's a better value. And it really does look smashing. A host of Star Trek DVDs come out the week after the movie opens as well, including BluRay boxed sets of the movies and \\"best of\\" DVDs for the various TV shows that only contain four episodes each. (What's the point of that?) But this is the original TV series done right.
B001VB8UAE|3.0|Is it possible that Streisand is underrated? I'd say so, given her remarkable achievements of the years. But it's been a sad fact that her last great studio CD was The Broadway Album way back in 1985. Ever since then, she's been a perfectionist to a fault when recording an album, glossing over every imperfection with vocal take after take until the life is squeezed out of her performances. The exception has been in concert, where Streisand has to just stay in the moment. (I'm ignoring the likely possibility that she's fiddled with some of her concert releases after the fact.) In this DVD set, you get Streisand in marvelous voice both in 1994 and 2006, along with a third DVD devoted to her TV special about the making of The Broadway Album. Unlike many concert films, there is no frenetic editing here to create \\"excitement.\\" The camerawork is perfunctory and the cuts random but not distracting -- they let the singing create the drama and Streisand doesn't disappoint. The next time she's recording an album, Streisand needs to treat it like a concert. Rehearse, prepare, then do it live in just a few takes.
B001PA0FFO|1.0|Doubt was a wonderful play with four powerhouse actors led by Cherry Jones in a performance for the ages. I love Meryl Streep (what film buff doesn't) but couldn't for the life of me understand why playwright John Patrick Shanley would ignore the dream cast in place and put in mostly all new people. I know, I know. Box office. But wouldn't you want to capture the play as well as possible and let the box office take care of itself? The film is a complete misfire from start to finish. Virtually every decision by Shanley is misguided. (I loved his movie Joe Versus The Volcano and have waited for him to direct ever since, by the way.) In the movie, we meet the little boy who Streep suspects is being molested by a priest. Later in the film, it will be a thunderclap of a revelation when the boy's mother indicates she thinks her son might be gay. But that's ruined when the boy walks into church and asks a fellow altar boy if he thinks the pants the boy is wearing make him look fat? Is that really Shanley's idea of how a gay kid in the early 60s might talk? Smaller and larger details are wrong too. During Sunday mass, three or four kids are literally turned around in their seats and chatting away during the sermon until Streep swoops down on them and shushes them up. This would absolutely never have happened. Even today kids might whisper something to the kid next to them (until their parents made them shut up) or even break down in giggles. But just chatting away as if they're at McDonalds? No way. it's just a chance to show how stern Streep is but the result is an inability to suspend disbelief. I was furious at Shanley for quite a while. But the truth is that this play would have been extremely hard to film. Much of its power comes from the theatricality, from the fact that we never see the little boy (or any kids, for that matter). All of that had to change with the film and I don't know that it could have been done well. But it remains a shame that the performance by Jones will only live on in my memory. Actually, if the film would have spoiled that memory by an awkward attempt to recreate it, maybe I'm glad after all.
B001E2JNA6|5.0|This is the BluRay edition of the 1995 miniseries starring Colin Firth as the dashing but frustrating Mr. Darcy and Jennifer Ehle as the willful and clever Elizabeth Bennett. Will they both prove too stubborn to admit they are in love? It is no exaggeration to say that this is one of the greatest miniseries of all times and certainly one of the best Jane Austen adaptations of all time. (Only Persuasion and perhaps one or two others come close.) And this is a marked improvement over the standard DVD, which wasn't sterling. It costs $10 more on BluRay, but only $4 more on sale versus the standard version at Amazon. Absolutely essential.
B001TOD92C|3.0|Mickey Rourke's comeback was also a comeback for director Darren Aronofsky, who saw his last movie -- the scifi romance The Fountain -- virtually ignored. They both got the biggest hits of their careers with this look at a washed-up pro wrestler looking for one last modest stab at success. I found the scenes with his daughter (the usually wonderful Evan Rachel Wood) distracting. But the chemistry between Rourke and stripper Marisa Tomei felt just right. The extras include fun chats with real pro wrestlers.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Spirited Away (2001) is Hayao Miyazaki's eighth film in which he not only animated, but directed and wrote the screenplay for it, as well. It is a true gem made in the tradition of his previous classics like Castle in the Sky, My Neighbor Totoro, and Princess Mononoke.     Although the animation created by Miyazaki and his team at Studio Ghibli is fantastically beautiful, as always, but I also enjoyed the story:    It is about a spoiled young girl named Chihiro (voiced by Daveigh Chase in the English dub) who is moving to a new home. When her parents decide to take a short cut, they stumble upon a supposedly abandoned theme park. As Chihiro explores, her parents stop to eat. She returns to find them transformed into pigs. She meets a boy named Haku (Jason Marsden) who leads her to a mysterious bathhouse for spirits in order to avoid Chihiro suffering the same fate as her parents. Chihiro is put to work by Yubaba (Suzanne Pleshette) the greedy witch who is the boss of the bathhouse. As Chihiro adjusts to her new life, she becomes a kinder, more accountable, and caring person. However, Chihiro still hopes that she will one day be reunited with her parents.     One aspect of the film that I admired is that the characters are not flat. It is a problem that I think is typical in many films (Disney in particular). The characters are nearly always categorized as either \\"Heroes\\" or \\"Villains\\". Miyazaki creates characters with deep emotions and meaningful actions that don't always fit the cookie-cutter mold for shallow characters, thus making them more human.     Additionally, I thought the film was very creative. The movie is bursting with imagination everywhere. It's like the Harry Potter of animated films. What I love is that most of it goes into the little background details.    This is a truly magnificent film! I highly recommend it! 5 stars.
B001U0HBPG|4.0|For all his good looks and great physique, Brad Pitt has an uncanny ability to pick great movies that explore the human experience and human psyche.  With movies such as Se7en, Jesse James, Babel, Seven Years in Tibet, and now this hit from late 2008, Mr. Pitt has established himself as one of the top actors over the past 2 decades with great performances in multiple genres.  The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is probably Pitt's best work, as he carried the film.  Unlike previous movies, he shares screentime with multiple co-stars in this film such as Tilda Swinton and Cate Blanchett, but carries the movie by himself as his scenes with either of these great actresses alone deserve a Best Actor nod.      This movie is based on a short story of the same name by American literary giant F. S. Fitzgerald.  It tells the story of a Benjamin Button who is born old, and ages young such that his dying breath is that of an infant.  Along the way, he experiences rejection, adultery, war, marriage, fatherhood, longing, family loss and family gained; in short a full and complete life.  The audience sees Mr. Button travel the world as both a poor man and a rich man, from India to Russia to New York to Southeast Asia; all to experience the variety of humanity and the richness of companionship.  Coming in at under 3 hours, this drama is quite riveting.  For a movie with very little action, every minute of the movie held my attention through dialogue that ranged from witty to ironic to insightful; all of which showing that a man need not a college education to express great thoughts.      So all in all, a great movie; surely one of the best of 2008.  My only issue was with the DVD itself; it contained no extra features and did not have an option to choose different scenes.  This is a minus for such a long movie; the ability stop a movie and come back the next day to the scene you left of at is quite important.  Hence the 4 out of 5 stars.
B001P9KR94|3.0|Much of the appeal of this Oscar winner is the brilliant cinematography by Anthony Dod Mantle and the music of A.R. Rahman and that comes across spectacularly on the BluRay edition. It's $10 more than the standard edition, unfortunately. If this is at the top of your favorite movies of the year, it might be worth splurging. Otherwise, no. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
B001ECQ6E2|5.0|From Australia.<br /> As a former Film Projectionist I screened this film over a 10 month period at the Metro Theatre in Melbourne Australia in the late 1950s.<br />This Blue Ray print is nothing short of 'out of this world.' Not one blemish or artifact. Like receiving a new print for screening at the theatre, and believe you me I watched this DVD with a critical eye.Very<br />very HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.<br />  Thomas Knight.ALC.ACA.AFFPA.<br />  Wintergarden Community Film and Television Services.(Aust)
B001R4KQDE|3.0|Co-directed by Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller (who clearly has a lot more to learn if you've seen his solo debut The Spirit), Sin City looks more and more impressive as flicks like Spirit and Watchmen strive to create the same excitement. It's $16 more than the standard DVD but it does contain both a restored theatrical edition as well as a lengthier Uncut Edition that was clearly put together with a lot of care. Loads of extras include Rodriguez hosting a \\"15 Minute Film School\\" among much else. A digital copy would have put this over the top. Pricey but worth it for hardcore fans. The Spirit ($39.99 on BluRay; Lionsgate) comes with a BluRay and standard DVD and digital copy and you won't enjoy watching any of them. Overheated and embarrassing adaptation of the classic hero. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|This DVD rocks. This is one of the funniest things ever. Commentary the musical is every bit as good as Dr. Horrible itself. You should Definitely buy this. I have owned it like 4-5 weeks now and have watched it, literally, 30-40 times and I still laugh every time. Be like the cool kids and get your copy today.
B001NOMNZW|3.0|Don't work, High School Musical 3 isn't the end of the story. High School Musical 4 (a West Side Story-type plot) returns to TV with a mostly new cast. But HSM3 is the finale for our current classmates. It was a marked improvement over HSM2, which somehow was a tad too calculated to recapture the innocent fizziness of the undemanding original. None of them are great art, not even close. But HSM3 has some good touches, including a gracious finale that echoes high school productions by letting the cast take a bow. And I definitely appreciated that they stayed true to the quietly gay Ryan (played charmingly by Lucas Grabeel, who was also good in a small role in Milk). His sexuality is never mentioned as such, but his message of being different but accepted comes through. But which format do you accept for watching the film at home? It comes in virtually every possible combination. You can get the basic theatrical version for $29.99. You can get the extended edition for $34.99. But the smartest buy of all is the BluRay High School Musical 3: Senior Year Deluxe Extended Edition for $39.99. Yes, studios better wise up and make Bluray the same price as regular DVDs. But on sale at Amazon, it's only $3 more than the Deluxe regular DVD. And you get the BluRay version, plus a second standard DVD in case the kids have a regular DVD player in their room or for road trips PLUS you get a free digital copy so you can watch it on a computer or iPhone or other portable device. Not to mention all the usual extras and some unique to BluRay. So no, it's not a special effects extravaganza but the multiple formats for the movie are the way to go. Why make people choose and why make stores carry three or four editions? If this version had been priced at $29.99, it would be the only one they had to provide, instead of three different editions cluttering up the shelves. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com
0143057812|5.0|Being an especially discerning reader, I am pleased to admit that I can find absolutely nothing lacking in this utterly spectacular novel. I listened to it on unabridged audio cassette, a particularly well done production that is performed by Jonathan Davis and peppered with a liberal sprinkling of original music composed by the author himself. At the more than satisfactory conclusion, I found myself in an emotional quandary: saddened that the last sentence recounting a most exciting sequence of events was echoing in my head, smiling from ear to ear at the pleasing way Zafon ties all the loose ends for all his protagonists, major and minor and needing desperately to wipe my eyes at the last most lasting and endearing images.<br /><br />Zafron is second to Scherazade, herself; he is a master storyteller, well deserving of the famed Victor Hugo/Julian Carax Mont Blanc pen of which he writes. He binds his tale of a pair of parallel personal histories with the sure skillful hand of a rope maker, twisting and braiding one episode after another in an assured free flow of narration that never fails to compel the reader to desire more, to turn that next page and begin that next chain reaction in a double helix of adventure and personal discovery. Set against a backdrop of the magical city of Barcelona during the 40s and 50s, narrator Daniel Sempere, living with his widowed father, a seller of books, comes of age. From the very first page, he plunges headlong into his recount of circumstances that sweeps the reader along with him in a sumptuous indulgence that one can only incur from reading a good book such as this one. We are privileged to hear age old truth from the wise and lusty Fermin; we encounter truth and beauty from all those who protect the memory of Julian Carax. Our eyes mist at the simple selfless love between parent and child, community for its individuals and that extended to the elderly through the middle aged. Evil crawls within the shadows of a city tainted by war and treachery and personified ingeniously by the ruthless Inspector Fumero. Yet, romantic love flourishes as Daniel finds and loses his dream girl and then curiously seems to relive the moments in the life of the mysterious author, Julian Carax to whom he is indelibly bound. Above all, we are treated to a novel about that which we readers love best: a lost book and its unappreciated author, pining for his lost love in a exiled garret in Paris while his life?s work is destroyed by a crazed madman.<br /><br />I will not give you any more details concerning ?The Shadow of the Wind.? Know only that I believe it to be the most satisfying novel that I have read in at least the last 10 years. After a listening session, I found myself pondering the permutations of possibilities, yet never once did I see the entire picture until the very end. I looked forward to predictabilities but as this novel differs from any that I have recently read, there are none. I was happily spellbound throughout and give it my highest recommendation. I will humbly ask Mr. Zafon not to sell the rights to this masterpiece to any film producer; like Beatriz, I desire only to filter in the images and the dramatic persona through my own sieve of experience. I want no interpretation embodied within the medium of film. To see, to smell, to hear and feel the undercurrents coursing through this work within the boundless confines of one?s own mind, is all that is necessary. Bravo M. Zafon; I impatiently await your next work with great anticipation and appreciation.<br />Diana Faillace Von Behren<br />\\"reneofc\\"and treachery and personified ingeniously by the ruthless Inspector Fumero. Yet, romantic love flourishes as Daniel finds and loses his dream girl and then curiously seems to relive the moments in the life of the mysterious author, Julian Carax to whom he is indelibly bound. Above all, we are treated to a novel about that which we readers love best: a lost book and its unappreciated author, pining for his lost love in a exiled garret in Paris while his life?s work is destroyed by a crazed madman.    I will not give you any more details concerning ?The Shadow of the Wind.? Know only that I believe it to be the most satisfying novel that I have read in at least the last 10 years. After a listening session, I found myself pondering the permutations of possibilities, yet never once did I see the entire picture until the very end. I looked forward to predictabilities but as this novel differs from any that I have recently read, there are none. I was happily spellbound throughout and give it my highest recommendation. I will humbly ask Mr. Zafon not to sell the rights to this masterpiece to any film producer; like Beatriz, I desire only to filter in the images and the dramatic persona through my own sieve of experience. I want no interpretation embodied within the medium of film. To see, to smell, to hear and feel the undercurrents coursing through this work within the boundless confines of one?s own mind, is all that is necessary. Bravo M. Zafon; I impatiently await your next work with great anticipation and appreciation.  Diana Faillace Von Behren  \\"reneofc\\"
B001PPLIEQ|4.0|The last few weekends, I've been watching as a 12 year old boy works his way through my James Bond DVDs, something every young kid should do on spring break when they're growing up. So I feel as ready as ever to tackle the newest Bond, Quantum of Solace ($39.99 on BluRay and $34.98 for regular DVD; MGM).    I think Daniel Craig is an excellent Bond, but felt Casino Royale was a bit overpraised. In contrast, I think Quantum is a bit under-praised. Both are very sleek, fun action films that stay true to Bond while obviously hewing more to the gritty, brutal character of the books than most of the series. The BluRay looks absolutely smashing and -- interestingly -- I found the action scenes easier to follow on TV than I did in the theater. Maybe it's just a second viewing, but the cutting seemed more organic and flowing than it did on the big screen. Is it the detail of the BluRay and the up-close nature of home viewing that in a way focuses your attention on each detail more directly? The Bond girl (Olga Kurylenko) is a major deficit, the weakest link of the movie. Given the movie's dramatic heft, she's actually asked to act and show emotion, something Kurylenko fails at miserably.    The cheekily named Strawberry Fields (Gemma Arterton) is infinitely more appealing and interesting and unfortunately is onscreen all too little. If only their roles were reversed. The ultimate result is that Bond has far more chemistry with M (Judi Dench) than any other character in the film. Their every scene together crackles. As was the original plan with the intended sequel to On Her Majesty's Secret Service, Quantum picks up right where Casino Royale left off, with Bond seeking vengeance for the death of his lover. It's a solid, solid entertainment and they're very close to getting every element right and delivering a Bond for the ages.
B00000I41J|5.0|I've listened to this album for many years--just perfect, there's no other word.  Miles taking out &#34;Love for Sale&#34; is unbelievable--the ten notes he plays taking the song out just exemplify what great jazz is. Just possibly the greatest jazz record ever recorded.
B001NFNFNU|2.0|Clint Eastwood is having a very good year. He may not have been feted at the Oscars, but massive box office is the best revenge. He directed Angelina Jolie to an Oscar nomination in Changeling (Universal; $29.98), the period film about a mother whose son has gone missing, only to find the corrupt LA police have tried to settle media hysteria by saddling her with another little boy and claiming this strange kid is in fact her child. Then Clint directed and starred in Gran Torino, a modest movie about a cranky old racist who finds he has more in common with his \\"foreign\\" neighbors than his own children. Remarkably, this tiny film has become the biggest hit of Eastwood's career as both an actor and director, with box office at $139 in the US. Yes, the year would have been perfect if Eastwood could have gone to the Oscars and crooned \\"Gran Torino,\\" the theme song he wrote and performed with Jamie Cullum. I'm not a fan of either movie, unfortunately. Changeling is still-born. Jolie has a fee good scenes when she has to deal with the seeming imposter that the police have forced her to take home. But John Malcovich is miscast as a crusading preacher who wants to help her, fight the cops and loves the spotlight. He seems so slippery I kept waiting for him to betray her in some way. And what is the film about? Corruption? It spends too much time with Jolie. A mother fighting for her child? We can't quite figure out why she takes this kid in, however few rights women had at the time. And then it veers off into serial killer territory, making the film seem like three unsatisfying movies in one. All it made me want to do was rewatch LA Confidential. Gran Torino doesn't have half the ambition of Changeling but isn't even half as (un)interesting. Clint growls so much throughout the film he almost seems to be parodying himself. And most of the unknown actors he is surrounded with simply aren't up to the task. Why this particular film should resonate with audiences is a mystery (his biggest hit adjusted for inflation is the godawful Every Which Way But Loose). But clearly Clint has hit icon status -- if Clint wants to make a movie about a cranky old man sitting alone on a porch, Warner Bros. would be foolish to say no. And hearing Clint speak-sing parts of the song \\"Gran Torino\\" sent me back to one of his less-appreciated gems, Honkeytonk Man, the moving story of a dying country and western singer who gets one final chance to record some music. That's not in Clint Eastwood: American Icon Collection ($19.98; Universal), but four offbeat films are -- and at a bargain price. You get Eastwood's directorial debut Play Misty For Me, which made a respectable $10 million back in 1971 but which Clint told David Letterman he remembers as a box office flop which might have been his only time directing if the French hadn't championed it. You also get the so-so action film The Eiger Sanction, the fun Coogan's Bluff (which turned into the hit TV series McCloud and the very atypical Civil War flick The Beguiled, which has wounded Clint recuperating at an all girl's school. It's slowly paced and I hated it when I was a little boy in the hospital and that was the only thing on TV, but it has its fans and it's about time I gave it another shot. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
0823015033|5.0|Creating Lifelike Figures in Polymer Clay is one of the best how-to sculpting books I've ever read.<br /><br />Chapter 1 covers the various polymer clays available, how to work with the clay, safety considerations, and includes formulas to blend colors for various ethnic skin tones.<br /><br />Chapter 2 describes working with basic shapes and Ms Dewey's technique of modelling units, which is to roll out a log shape of clay at a certain thickness and cut off units of equal lengths. A great technique for a beginner to ensure equal amounts of clay are used. Who wants two disproportionate arms or legs simply because you eyeballed how much clay to use?<br /><br />Chapter 3 covers making your own tools with the clay. If you are a novice who has never used polymer clay, this chapter gets you familiar with the feel, texture, and baking methods needed as you sculpt your figures.<br /><br />Chapters 4-7 cover the modelling of the figure from face, torso, arms, and legs. In the face chapter, Ms Dewey shows you how to model a basic face but doesn't just move on from there; she expounds on it. She shows you how to sculpt the differences of gender. She shows how to sculpt ethnic faces. She shows you how to add expression to your figure with the shift of the clay here or there. She shows you how to add age to your character.<br /><br />Similarly with the torso chapter, she shows you how to sculpt the male torso and the female variation. She also gives you techniques for sculpting the \\"heroic\\" or well-muscled male torso as well as adding realistic \\"fat\\" pads for the overweight figure.<br /><br />Her arms and legs chapter are very detailed and you do get the development of the \\"heroic\\" arms and legs if you want to pursue that type of figure.<br /><br />Chapter 8 details how to sculpt in smaller scales. Most of the book prior concerns 1/6 scale. In chapter 8, she gives formulas for the \\"base units\\" that enable you to sculpt in 1/8, 1/10, and 1/12 scale. She also demonstrates techniques for sculpting in these smaller scales.<br /><br />Chapter 9 shows you how to make costumes in clay, which is truly amazing and almost worth the price of the book alone. Her figures look like they were dressed in fabric instead of clay. So if you can't or don't want to sew for a figure you sculpt, you can dress them in \\"fabric\\" as textured, with draping and folds as real as the real thing.<br /><br />Chapter 10 demonstrates \\"finishing touches\\" which is the painting and wigging of your figure.<br /><br />The instructions are exceptionally detailed and EXTREMELY well photographed. The photos and descriptions are why this book gets a 5-star rating. It's as if the author really cared that you do well with your sculpting and wanted to give you enough photos and description to do it.<br /><br />The only \\"negative\\" I would give this book is that it needs to be spiral bound. I own the original self-published book- and yes, this is a reprint of Ms Dewey's original which has a different cover - but I bought this copy to take apart and put into a binder so I could lay it flat to reference while I sculpt.<br /><br />Overall excellent and highly recommended!
B001R10BM8|2.0|The last few weekends, I've been watching as a 12 year old boy works his way through my James Bond DVDs, something every young kid should do on spring break when they're growing up. So I feel as ready as ever to tackle  Never Say Never Again ($34.98 on BluRay but onsale at Amazon for $14.98; Fox), which is just out on BluRay. It's the first title in that format I've seen that doesn't look smashing. I don't know whether it's the source print or laziness, but this is a grainy, unremarkable DVD, appropriate for a very unremarkable Bond film. Yes, it's nice to see Sean Connery back as 007, but the tone is very jokey, a la Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home and this is the most dated Bond of all.    Typically, the secret agent lives in an unchanging universe of beautiful women, lavish resorts, expensive cars and dry martinis. But in Never Say Never Again, the real world intrudes to an unpleasant degree. Poor Kim Basinger is seen doing aerobics and kicking up her heels at every opportunity. Worse, when Bond is following her in a casino, she leaves the main area and walks into a video parlor and Bond has to stand next to a bleeeping and blurping video game while trying to look suave. It's cheesy and awful and pained in a way even the late Roger Moore entries never were. There's tongue in cheek and then there's tongue on the ground in embarrassment. Stick to Daniel Craig.
B001DDBCUK|5.0|I'm one of those people who never enjoyed this long-running television series.  Sometimes, when channel surfing I'd watch for about five minutes and then get bored and move on.  I never cared about the characters who all seemed empty headed and only interested in one thing - getting a man.  And soon, they all blended together in my mind as just plain silly.<br /><br />Therefore, I was unprepared to my reaction to the 2008 movie.  Frankly, I loved it from beginning to end.  At 145 minutes, there was time for plot development that I could follow, and the four leading women all came across to me as real life people.  Yes, they are still only dealing only with their relationships, but I never expected them to go into a debate about a presidential election or world peace.  Specifically, the Sarah Jessica Parker character is planning on getting married to the love her life.  And when something goes terribly wrong, her friends are there for her.  I applaud that kind of friendship.<br /><br />Also, this is a comedy, and I usually don't like comedies.  I didn't laugh out loud, but I did smile at the funny moments and was intrigued enough with the plot to keep my eyes glued to the screen till the very satisfying conclusion at the end.<br /><br />I loved this film and definitely recommend it, especially for women.
B001PPGAIA|2.0|Hugh Jackman and Nicole Kidman are gamely giving it their all in this bit of nonsense about a cattle drive and the invading Japanese via Baz Luhrmann. Sure you can turn off your brain and sort of enjoy this overripe romp but please don't confuse that with being told that it's actually good. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
0143038419|1.0|This is the first book I have reviewed without finishing the book...but I could not.  No wonder the author only went to countries that began with the letter 'I', because that is exactly what this book is about - I.  It is just such a selfish, self indulgent exploration.  The 4 or more starred reviews must be from very young women whom are still in that phase of their lives.  I suggest reading Three Cups of Tea, Swan House, What is the What -  a book where the protagonist has something to GIVE to others...
B001KVZ6F2|3.0|Clint Eastwood is having a very good year. He may not have been feted at the Oscars, but massive box office is the best revenge. He directed Angelina Jolie to an Oscar nomination in Changeling (Universal; $29.98), the period film about a mother whose son has gone missing, only to find the corrupt LA police have tried to settle media hysteria by saddling her with another little boy and claiming this strange kid is in fact her child. Then Clint directed and starred in Gran Torino, a modest movie about a cranky old racist who finds he has more in common with his \\"foreign\\" neighbors than his own children. Remarkably, this tiny film has become the biggest hit of Eastwood's career as both an actor and director, with box office at $139 in the US. Yes, the year would have been perfect if Eastwood could have gone to the Oscars and crooned \\"Gran Torino,\\" the theme song he wrote and performed with Jamie Cullum. I'm not a fan of either movie, unfortunately. Changeling is still-born. Jolie has a fee good scenes when she has to deal with the seeming imposter that the police have forced her to take home. But John Malcovich is miscast as a crusading preacher who wants to help her, fight the cops and loves the spotlight. He seems so slippery I kept waiting for him to betray her in some way. And what is the film about? Corruption? It spends too much time with Jolie. A mother fighting for her child? We can't quite figure out why she takes this kid in, however few rights women had at the time. And then it veers off into serial killer territory, making the film seem like three unsatisfying movies in one. All it made me want to do was rewatch LA Confidential. Gran Torino doesn't have half the ambition of Changeling but isn't even half as (un)interesting. Clint growls so much throughout the film he almost seems to be parodying himself. And most of the unknown actors he is surrounded with simply aren't up to the task. Why this particular film should resonate with audiences is a mystery (his biggest hit adjusted for inflation is the godawful Every Which Way But Loose). But clearly Clint has hit icon status -- if Clint wants to make a movie about a cranky old man sitting alone on a porch, Warner Bros. would be foolish to say no. And hearing Clint speak-sing parts of the song \\"Gran Torino\\" sent me back to one of his less-appreciated gems, Honkeytonk Man, the moving story of a dying country and western singer who gets one final chance to record some music. That's not in Clint Eastwood: American Icon Collection ($19.98; Universal), but four offbeat films are -- and at a bargain price. You get Eastwood's directorial debut Play Misty For Me, which made a respectable $10 million back in 1971 but which Clint told David Letterman he remembers as a box office flop which might have been his only time directing if the French hadn't championed it. You also get the so-so action film The Eiger Sanction, the fun Coogan's Bluff (which turned into the hit TV series McCloud and the very atypical Civil War flick The Beguiled, which has wounded Clint recuperating at an all girl's school. It's slowly paced and I hated it when I was a little boy in the hospital and that was the only thing on TV, but it has its fans and it's about time I gave it another shot. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
B00005JL96|4.0|Great movie.  Mean little alien created by a mad scientist escapes and comes to earth.  Meets a little lonely Hawaiian girl and helps her adjust and makes her happy.  The little alien - Stitch and the girl - Lilo have to evade the aliens that are trying to catch and destroy Stitch and special agents that are looking for the alien.  Both grow and change in their behaviors.      Purchased this movie to replace a damaged DVD.  My kids and the whole family enjoy this movie even as they have grown up into early teen now.  Very fun for the whole family!
B001JNNDAQ|4.0|This is really a great and gritty film, about the only one by William Friedkin that I truly care about. It looks just smashing on BluRay and comes with a bevy of extras worthy of a classic. Heck, just the chance to see New York City in the early Seventies make this riveting, never mind the headlong chase after a drug smuggling operation by the incomparable Gene Hackman. But it's $20 more expensive than the regular DVD and on sale at Amazon the difference is even worse: $23 versus $8, which is almost three times as much. If you don't own it yet, it's so good this might be worth the extra cost. But boy that's a big price jump. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
0061767581|5.0|Okay..so I was a little embarassed to pick up this book but it seemed like a fun read and it was! I really enjoyed it.  What a cliff hanger though, I totally can't wait for the next book.  I think if you watched The Hills, you'd appreciate this book a lot.  It's a light, fun and easy read! I finished the book in 3 days reading here and there but I was hooked! I don't know if I like Braden or Jesse more! Juicy!!! hahaha..;-p Great read Lauren!
B001PU8N0I|3.0|The umpteenth adaptation of a Charles Dickens novel by the BBC with a clever angle: the 14 episodes begin and end with one hour parts but the middle 12 are half hour installments with the feverish twists and cliff-hangar endings akin to reading Dickens in a serialized format the way they were originally enjoyed. Like so many recent UK productions of Dickens (especially Bleak House), they seem frightened of just presenting Dickens and feel the need to jazz things up with quick cuts and dramatic camera movements. It's not too feverish and the two leads (Matthew MacFadyen and Claire Foy) are strong quiet presences around which scenery chewing supporting actors like Andy Serkis and Judy Parfitt act up a storm. Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
B000002JSN|5.0|Not one, but a double full length studio album that is good from beginning to end? Towards the end a few songs start to dwindle in quality, but not much. Most bands don't put out this much good music throughout their careers.
B001PPLJIQ|2.0|This Oscar-nominated film tells the story of a 15 year old German boy who has a romance with an older woman (Kate Winslet) and then years later discovers she is on trial for war crimes. The heart of the film is the fact that she's illiterate and he reads to her; later, in prison she even learns to read herself. The actors are fine (though the present-day scenes with Ralph Fiennes as the boy grown up are stilted) and the score by Nico Muhly is strong, but it's a strange, strange film to say the least. The message seems to be that even war criminals need love. Or perhaps that illiteracy is sad, even if it's a Nazi who can't do it. (She may not actually be a Nazi but she was a prison guard and oversaw atrocities because she was so focused on following orders.) Truly, there is no scene in the film where Kate Winslet's character has learned to read and thus, perhaps, learned to see the world from the point of view of others. And I don't understand why there isn't. Surely that's the whole point of her learning to read -- that she might come to some self-awareness or sense of recognition for what she had done. But no. Nothing of the sort takes place or is even hinted at. So why should I care about her? Visit me at michaelgiltz dot com.
0123694965|5.0|The Art of Game Design - A Book Of Lenses is a must own for any game designer.  Don't judge the book just by the intro: while he starts at a very basic level (such as the lens of experience: \\"What experience do we want the player to have in our game, and how can the game capture the essence of that experience?) - he evolves into every aspect of game design even getting deeper like the lens of chance, where you make sure your game has enough randomness to create elements of SURPRISE but not so much that the player feels a lack of control.<br /><br />There's a great section where he covers generalized age & gender expectations so you can either target or expand your audience...<br /><br />And by the end he gets into teambuilding aspects, marketing, ensuring profitability, etc...<br /><br />It's a truly wonderful book. The best part is it doesn't just tell you how - it asks YOU intelligent questions about YOUR GAME designed to elicit intelligent responses that will help you better your game.<br /><br />5 stars, easily. The book quite literally blew my mind... The section on brainstorming alone was worth its value.  Priceless!  This book took me from being an indie artist with no understanding of gameplay to being a real game designer with an understanding of how to make sure a game is FUN, AND appealing to my target audience.<br /><br />Don't hesitate to own this book.  You'll learn from it, and then lenses will last you a lifetime.
B002BIULQ2|5.0|i saw this movie in theaters and it was great. miley cyrus was such a great singer. i can't wait for it to come out. i'm going to get the disc to see the extended edition
0307269981|5.0|The book has been released in English in the UK for some time now.  It is product 1847245560 on Amazon, and mine came in a timely fashion.  I can't imagine that more than the cover will change for the US release.<br /><br />The plot of this book is arguably better than the previous book, \\"the girl who played with fire\\".  However, for me the novelty of the characters and type of story wore out about halfway through the book.  I found there to be few good character development beyond the characters that carried over from the previous book.  Still a great read, but I didn't feel the compulsion to pick up the book as strongly as I did with the previous book.  It's a shame that Larsson couldn't finish the series.
B001DU8T6I|5.0|i got this cd for christmas it's great. demi lovato is a great singer. i can't wait for her new album to come out \\" Here We Go Again \\"
B00016ZQZM|5.0|\\"Innuendo\\" was Freddie Mercury's last Queen album before his sad,untimely death to AIDS in late 1991,and it is one of the group's best albums,containing such standouts as the epic six-minute title track,the hard-rocking \\"Headlong\\" and \\"The Hitman\\",the spooky synth-heavy \\"I'm Going Slightly Mad\\",the reflective,poignant ballad \\"These Are The Days Of Our Lives\\" and the stirring closer \\"The Show Must Go On\\".The beautifully packaged 2004 Japanese mini-LP replica contains a sturdy 2001 remastering(done by Peter Mew at Abbey Road)that improves the sound by increasing the bass and treble at bit without compromising the original source.If this doesn't matter to you,they's always the original [[ASIN:B000000OA6 Innuendo]]
B0018LX9T4|5.0|James Spader was very good in this movie. The secret life that no one knows of....... Very interesting. Glad I bought it.  Gives the Title of \\"Secretary\\" a whole new meaning.
B000P0J06U|5.0|The product arrived quickly and was in excellent condition.  I was very pleased with my experience and will probably do business with this seller again.
0450040186|5.0|From the beginnings of the story, arriving at the hotel, assuring his wife of his stability and then, once the doors are locked and winter encroaches, things start to happen.  King uses that element of the unknown to gradually work the environment on you and gradually bring in all sorts of fascinating apparitions.  He leaves everything to the imagination, drawing in the reader further and further into the abyss, until you're so locked up in the King world that the only escape is to finish the book.  It's this twist of reality that clenches it, that delivers a vague feeling of mistrust.  You begin to wonder what the protagonist is up to.  He is writing a book.... you expect details and then you're horrified at the repetitions it reveals, making you gasp at what's next.  He is led into the ballroom where the 1930's atmosphere is re-established so that the protagonist can blend in, a prelude to the conclusion.  There, he is given advise, advise that would change his nature and violate the newly formed relationship with his unsuspecting wife.<br /><br />The cook knows what's wrong...just as the boy does--for they have the shine!  And when he comes to investigate the situation to satisfy his curiosity, the gruesome welcoming takes him by surprise.  And you sit there, reading, led deeper and deeper into the creepy world of King's tremendous imagination, only limited by the pages you turn.... but you keep turning, driven further in.... until you reach an angry point...which I won't spoil for you.  Read it!
0312370849|5.0|\\"On July 16 and 17, 1942, 13,152 Jews were arrested in Paris and the suburbs, deported and assassinated at Auschwitz.\\" Those Jews were drug from their homes in France by FRENCH police following orders given by the Nazis. On the day that she was rounded up by French police, 10 year old Sarah Starzynski had locked her little 4 year old brother Michel in a cabinet telling him that she would be back to let him out when the police let them come back home. The families of men, women and children (most between the ages of 2-12 and most BORN in France) were not allowed to return to their homes; instead they were taken to the Voledrome d'Hiver and sequestered there in abominable conditions. They were separated by sex, husbands taken from wives and even worse -- mothers were torn from their children. These confused, hungry and mistreated citizens were loaded on cattle trains and taken in convoys to the camps.<br /><br />This fictionalized account of the roundup and of the relationship of two families connected through an apartment on Rue de Saintonge in Paris is haunting and memorable.<br /><br />The novel shifts from past to present with chapter changes, moving between scenes of Sarah as she is imprisoned in Vel D'hiv to American born, now French citizen and journalist, Julia Jarmond Tezac who is assigned the story when that tragedy is to be memorialized on the 60th commemoration of the Vel' d'Hiv'. Julia soon discovers that the French are largely ignorant of this deplorable event and their embarrassment at knowing that this was done keeps them from remembering those lost families - and in fact, many French families simply took over the homes and possessions of the former Jewish occupants. Sarah's story affects Julia in ways she never imagined and completely alters her views of herself and her life. Julia becomes consumed with knowing what happened to Sarah and her family and begins a mission of discovery.<br /><br />What she learns provides a lesson and an admonishment for us all: Zakhor. Al Tichkah. (Remember. Never forget.)<br /><br />Highly recommended - read with Those Who Save Us by Jenna Blum and Skeletons at the Feast: A Novel by Chris Bohjalian -- two other incredible novels that provide additional insight into how the horror of the Holocaust affected all of Europe in those very dark days of World War II. A movie version is forthcoming.emember. Never forget.)  Highly recommended - read with Those Who Save Us by Jenna Blum and Skeletons at the Feast: A Novel by Chris Bohjalian -- two other incredible novels that provide additional insight into how the horror of the Holocaust affected all of Europe in those very dark days of World War II. A movie version is forthcoming.
B001K3JF7K|2.0|I am (was?) a big fan but what a disappointment this album is. It sounds like she is grudgingly going through the motions. Let's hope this album is a momentary blip in her otherwise stellar career and that she regains her footing in her next outing.
0060820985|4.0|The Shop on Blossom Street is a first in the Blossom series, and the first book I've ever read (in this case listen to) by this author. I chose this author because I wanted sometime relaxing to listen to in bed. This one hit the spot.<br /><br />Read by Linda Emond who does a great job with the four characters in this story. Four very different characters become friends while taking a knitting class at (you guessed it) The Shop on Blossom Street. For Lydia, the shop's owner, a two-time cancer survivor, the shop represents a new beginning.<br /><br />The first project is : how to knit a baby blanket. The participants in the class are struggling with various personal issues: cancer, divorce, miscarriage etc, and from each other they learn how to accept life's setbacks and find happiness in their lives once again.<br /><br />I was happy I tried this book. A light read, nothing too depressing or heavy, this book turned out to be a good listen well into the wee hours of the morning on some nights.
B001GQACGO|5.0|My Favorite ever I cant wait to see you in concert!!!!!!!! (4 days)     ~I talk like this cuz' I can back it up~
B000V656HK|5.0|I owned the vinyl LP, the CD,and have now downloaded the MP3. It is just as wonderful as I remembered it to be in 1976.
B00164GDD2|2.0|I LOVE this movie, so I was very excited to get the Blu-ray version. I was hoping for improved picture quality but I am very disapointed in it. The blu-ray version does show a bit more detail, but the film grain is really bad, and the colors look flat and lifeless. I am using a 52\\" 1080p Samsung, and the film grain is loud enough to be borderline obnoxious. I expected they could do a lot better than this with some of the programs that companies like Digital Vision or Autodesk make for film grain reduction, but maybe this is as good as they could get it or choose to get it. You can see that the speckles and dust that are on the film have been removed and in this way it is better than the DVD version, but the grain is much more pronounced. The DVD version however has that overly compressed soft mushy look that you get with poor DVD quality and progressive scanning. They both have their pros and cons, but if you already have the DVD don't expect any kind of magical upgrade of the film quality. It's a good thing that it's such a pleasure to watch these guys act goofy, because otherwise this would be a sad little Blu-ray release.
B000Z7S5FU|5.0|I only just recently heard of The Frames, but I had seen \\"Once\\" some time ago and fell in love with their combined voices. I bought this and the soundtrack and two of Hansard's band's other albums, too.     This album, though with out many numbers, blew me away. I wish The Swell Season, which the album is named after, was the first track to start off with. But, as it is, I anxiously anticipate it's arrival. It is the perfect anthem, if you will, for this album. There are no words in it, just feeling and music and the imaginings of a violin player and guitarist playing the sun down in a field, maybe in Ireland, somewhere.    The rest of the album is beautiful. I haven't exactly heard the other 2 albums of Hansard's in full yet, but I'm too enthralled with this one to bring myself to do so right this moment.     Hansard and Irglova's voices are fantastic compliments to one another. I especially love thier slow, thoughtful songs such as \\"This Low\\" and \\"Drown Out\\". \\"The Moon\\" is wonderful, too.     If you were a fan of \\"Once\\", you'll be a fan of this, and probably any other of Hansard's albums for that matter.
0446691437|1.0|This book is awful. It is written with a strong religious bias, making many of its points irrelevant if you don't share the authors' world view. The main obstacle in life, according to the author, is \\"resistance\\", as he labels it. It is basically a thing (literally something evil, opposed to God, according to the author) that keeps you from fulfilling your potential in life, be it writing books, losing weight or anything in-between. He has some valuable insights about what causes people to procrastinate or avoid difficult but rewarding enterprises, but nothing new if you're the least familiar with basic, popular literature on human psychology.    The author tries very hard to be zany, using crude language and violent metaphors. I suppose to some he might sound cool, but to me he comes off as a \\"hip\\" Ned Flanders.    At one point in the book he makes this gem of a statement:    \\"Attention Deficit Disorder, Seasonal Affect Disorder, Social Anxiety Disorder. These aren't diseases, they're marketing ploys. Doctors didn't discover them, copywriters did. Marketing departments did. Drug companies did. Depression and anxiety may be real. But they can also be Resistance\\"    I understand his point. People will rationalize their lackluster performance by blaming dysfunction, circumstance or whatever's convenient, thus having an excuse to keep underperforming. But his wholesale dismissal of these problems is uninformed, unsubstantiated and to me, very offensive.     Last but not least, this book is very short at ~160 pages, which is fine, but there's only enough material in it to fill a book half that size! The book is comprised of \\"chapters\\" most often ranging between 1-5 pages. The end result is that many pages are filled only halfway, and some of them contain as little as 3-5 lines of text.     Admittedly, I did not finish the book, I put it down about halfway through. I've already wasted money on this piece of utter trash, I'm going to cut my losses and not waste any more time. I suggest you do the same. Do not buy this book.
B0011KQSZ4|5.0|I'm a big fan of Frank Oz.  I think [[ASIN:B000035Z3C Bowfinger]] is his comedic masterpiece.  \\"Death at a Funeral\\" is another good outing.  Oz revels in madcap comedy and things do get outlandishly funny and absurd here, especially when Peter Dinklage quietly enters the movie.  He's brilliant here.  I see there's a US-based remake on the way (god knows why - it won't top the original) and the role of Peter Dinklage will be played by...Peter Dinklage.  Like anyone who's seen Oz's production, it's impossible to believe anyone but Dinklage could play the role. He's a terrific actor.<br /><br />The other standout here: Alan Tudyk.  He inadvertently ingests a hallucinogen early in the film, and then spends the next 90 minutes in an increasingly freaked-out state.  He breaks up the funeral with his insistence that there's someone live inside the casket.  That paranoia is hilariously rewarded later in the film.  It's a wonderful acting job by a man born in El Paso and raised in Plano, Texas.  Could have fooled me, Alan!<br /><br />Two other standouts:  the adorable and talented Daisy Donovan; and zany Kris Marshall (think [[ASIN:B00005JMFQ Love Actually (Widescreen Edition)]] and Milwaukee!).  These are two perfect actors for Frank Oz.
0007240198|5.0|I read this book right after I read Carl Sagan's \\"Demon Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark\\" which I recommend. Both address critical thinking, rationalism, and quackery, so if I conflate the two, I apologize.     Goldacre writes well, and I never wanted to put the book down. He makes even complex ideas and statistics easy to understand even for a lay audience. Goldacre attacks the standard topics such as homeopathy and famous quacks. The most beneficial aspect of the book however, is the explanation of the scientific method and how dishonest people manipulate results and statistics to suit their goals. I've always found many claims hard to believe, and now I see why they are wrong. His scathing indictment of the media is particularly appropriate. I have to agree with his sentiment that \\"dumbing down\\" science stories is insulting - the sports pages and business pages are not dumbed down for us. I feel that this book has helped me understand the world better, and I will recommend it to anyone with any scientific curiosity.     One criticism I have for the book - throughout the early chapters, Goldacre mentions how he will hold his criticism of the major pharmaceutical companies until the end. When I finished, I was a bit let down. He did not tear into them as much as he did to the out and out frauds, and I believe this is because he frequently attacks them on his web site.
B00164GDD2|1.0|The one star I gave this is due to the poor Blu-Ray transfer, not the movie which is great. I cannot believe Sony would release something this horrid. The upscaled DVD version is so much better. I am only running a 42\\" 720P TV. I would hate to imagine how much worse it would look scaled up to a 1080P resolution. I am very disappointed having wasted my money on this.
B002BIMNDQ|5.0|I've written a review of this book as a whole previously, and there are plenty of reviews on the Amazon.co.uk product pages. Instead, I'll focus on the additional chapter \\"The Doctor Will Sue You Now\\".     Ben Goldacre was take to court in a libel lawsuit for pointing out the quack Matthias Rath's dishonesty. Well, he won the court case, and as a result, knows more about this man than most people alive. Goldacre posted this chapter, in its entirety, online and open source. It is a good sample of his writing style, and if you like the chapter you will like the book as a whole. I suggest you check it out, and then buy the book. Without this lawsuit and the publishing of this chapter, I doubt that I would have heard of, purchased, and thoroughly enjoyed this book.
B001VS46DC|5.0|Diana Krall and company do it again! Another fine live performance we can experience again and again on DVD. The musical selections are nicely arranged and very well recorded. The group's generally laid-back mood is definitely in sync with this Brazilian-inspired concert. The instrumental improvisations are polished and very musical and Diana's vocals will transport you to Rio.<br /><br />  To those pseudo-techie critics, I recommend you pull your heads out of your iPods and really listen to the fantastic performances here. As a life-long jazz musician myself, I have better ears and probably better electronics than most of you. I find no basis for your negative reviews. As the witty Mose Allison once wrote, \\"Critics...  they can't swim and they can't even float. They just stand at the shore and wave at the boat.\\"<br /><br />  Pay no attention to the \\"amateur opinion havers\\" and blog-trogs. This is an exceptional Diana Krall concert and DVD recording. If you like her work, you'll probably love this video.
B002CRN7WM|5.0|The young Alexander Rybak proves he's worthy of winning the Eurovision Song Contest 2009 (which he won with a record high score). Fairytale is gorgoeus and excellently performed, his voice is seducing and his violin a treat for the ears, the rest just falls into place. This raising star deserves all the praises his getting, being the complete and talented artist he proved to be.
0385751893|5.0|This was a great book and written very well.  I loved the characters and it really pulls you in.  I read it in no time and even want my 10 year old to read it.  It is wonderful!!
B00192IV0O|2.0|I liked the first song, Boom Boom Pow.  After that, everything sounds like a continuous techno beat like you would hear a crappy DJ spinning at the club.  It gets really monotonous and lacks the energy that Elephunk and Monkey Business has.  I used to like the Black Eyed Peas for their sweet beats.    Overall, the CD's a huge let down.  The stores need to slide these CDs off the hip-hop/pop shelf over into their techno shelf.
B0015DWJX2|3.0|I had to struggle with this book. I bought this book because it had some good reviews but upon reading it I found this a bit too Poly Anna for me. This is why I am giving it 3 stars. I wouldn't buy this book for a friend maybe for a born again Christian.
B001KVZ6F2|3.0|I pre ordered this movie months before it came out. I ASSUMED it would be delivered on the day it was released. I was wrong. I received it 3 days after release. Not only that! I paid $15.99 plus shipping and handling. I could have bought the exact same movie at Target on RELEASE DAY and only paid $10!!! In fact, it's STILL only $10 at Target! Live and Learn! Don't buy new releases from Amazon!
006085880X|4.0|I just finished reading The Pact today (my 3rd Picoult read) and all in all I was happy with the novel.  First off, I was thrilled that it had a happier ending compared to Picoult's normally tragic endings that leave you balling your eyes out.  I think the sad part of this story is the fact that love and friendship is torn apart by this horrific event.  I found myself sympathizing the most for Chris Harte and Gus Harte (Chris's mom).  Although I felt there should  have been a little more information that could have surfaced reguarding Emily's true feelings of wanting to die, I felt the book told a compelling story.  The court scenes are amazing.  I found myself rooting for Jordan McAfee the whole time.  I love Picoult's books but I honestly can't read them one after another because I can't deal with all that sadness that occurs in her stories.  However, this book was refreshing.
B000JK8OYU|5.0|The cd came on time and after seeing the show in Las Vegas its great.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|With 175 reviews to read you probably won't get around to reading mine. But Gran Torino may just be Clint Eastwood's finest acting, and it certainly one of the best films he's directed. It's both iconic - building on Dirty Harry and Unforgiven - and subtle. As an actor friend of mine once said back in the late 1970's about Clint: \\"He's got one look. But boy, is it a good look.\\"     Gran Torino is the embodiment of that statement. When Clint levels his rifle at the scum, and says he could blow their heads off, go in, and sleep like a baby, he's probably the only man on earth you'd believe saying something like that. His eyes, his carriage, his intensity.     Underneath that patented Dirty Harry glare is a performance of such subtlety, minute inflections, and being it's virtuoso. He's like a worn out pair of jeans, a well-oiled and used baseball mitt. Clint Eastwood uses his entire body of work as a back drop to this performance, and builds on it to take us along for the ride.    I'm not going to share the plot as others have so far. It's a film about values and tradition. About accountability. Doing the right thing - up to and including making sure his old dog is taken care of. What's masterful about the film is that he takes what could have been a caricature in the hands of another actor and director and makes it believable.    Much has been made of his racist language. At first it's jarring. It's so all encompasing and over the top in the beginning of the film you can't help but concentrate on it. But he takes it from Archie Bunker territory with character development and plot arc to the point where you no longer actually hear the stupid words. You are too focused on the man's character and who he really is. A real racist would never have entered his neighbor's home, and certainly wouldn't have eaten their food. The reviewer who said he's racist because he doesn't know any other way to be is spot-on.    The Hmong cast is outstanding. I especially loved the interaction between Walt and Grandma - two peas in a pod. Bee Vang as Tow was solid as the boy who becomes a man. Ahney Her as Sue is the driver of the changes in Walt. If she couldn't hold her own with Clint the film wouldn't have worked. She does, and in the bargain, Gran Torino is a very satisfying, impressive film.     Like Gran Torinos, and Clint Eastwood, they don't make 'em like this anymore.
0307450570|5.0|i borrowed this book from the libary to see if it was worth buying and before i was done looking through it i had ordered , the photos are amazing and i saw so many  crafts i want to try , or one i already do but found new projects to with them , i wonder if she is going to put out a sewing and needle craft book i noticed none where in there ?
0394800389|5.0|This book is wonderful for small children.  It encourages them to read which helps in everything.
B0009F2EPU|5.0|Remember to read ALL of the original Amazon customer reviews for this DVD set. This new DG release is merely a re-release of the first 2001 DVD release by UMVD Labels. Please enjoy the 50 excellent and thoughtful reviews of this Chereau/Boulez Ring before you make your purchase decisions:  [[ASIN:B00005OATQ Wagner - Der Ring des Nibelungen / Patrice Chéreau - Pierre Boulez, Bayreuth Festival (Complete Ring Cycle)]].      All in all, I'd say this Chereau/Boulez Ring is an excellent Ring, even for complete newcomers. It takes characters/singers which look, sound, and act as they should, and tells a very relatable and human story that is easy to follow and super-easy to get wrapped-up in and mesmerized by.
B001P9EQH8|5.0|Working in an open plan office we tend to create our own private space by using headphones. Unfortunately to drive my Sennheiser HD 201's, the power out from the phone jack on my computer at work really doesn't work with these headphones. Solution - Fiio!  At the price you can buy these for they really do:  - improve the volume output  - improve the sound quality  Really the hardest question for me was the choice between the E3 and the E5, but for not much more you get a rechargeable battery (big bonus), volume control and bass boost. All in a tiny package.  My headphones are now permanently connected through my Fiio! Just makes all the difference for a such a small price!
B001PR0Y5S|4.0|If you have just survived another tough week at the office and are looking for a weekend pick me up, but have already seen \\"The Hangover\\", \\"The Proposal\\" is your next best thing. Yes, I laughed outloud often, and so did most of the audience. The comment frequently heard as the credits rolled was: \\"Ooohhh, that was sooo goooood!\\".<br /><br />The story: a tough lady-boss (Bullock) is being deported to Canada for willful non-compliance with the US immigration department. To save herself, she directs  her doormat of an assistant (Reynolds) to marry her. He reluctantly agrees to play along, after she \\"helps\\" him understand the virtues of being employed. If you think you know where this story is going... well, you are right. The \\"happily ever after\\" cannot be avoided. 'Tis a comedy after all...What is fresh is how skillfully the writers and the director allow the story to veer away from the \\"happily ever after\\" course, keeping us on the edge of our seats until the satisfying end, which we have known all along was bound to arrive.<br /><br />The chemistry between the two leads is another pleasant surprise. I am not a particular fan of either Bullock or Reynolds. Though each smoking hot and talented, neither has made many inspired project choices. However, the roles here suit the pair's natural acting styles reasonably well, which in turn further enhances the believability of their characters. The look of constipated doom on Reynold's face, as he's being informed he's engaged, is side-splitting! I do regret Bullock does not play \\"mean\\" better; the intended juxtaposition of her supposedly tough as nails character against her overly compliant secretary is lost at times. We are TOLD she is a witchy boss, and yet she comes accross nothing more then efficient (Sandra: call me! I'll give you some pointers. In return you can teach me how to find a secretary as hot as Reynolds ;0) ).<br /><br />Another gem in this comedy is Ms Betty White (of \\"The Golden Girls\\"), an octogenarian in real life as well as playing one in \\"The Proposal\\". She has made an art of delivering \\"campy\\" with emotional intelligence. She does not dissapoint here either.<br /><br />Final verdict? Will this film change the course of modern cinematography?<br /><br />Not a fat chance!<br /><br />Did it chase my blah's away until Monday morning?<br /><br />AFFIRMATIVE!!! ...Till Wednesday... at least!playing one in \\"The Proposal\\". She has made an art of delivering \\"campy\\" with emotional intelligence. She does not dissapoint here either.     Final verdict? Will this film change the course of modern cinematography?     Not a fat chance!     Did it chase my blah's away until Monday morning?     AFFIRMATIVE!!! ...Till Wednesday... at least!
B001QOOCTE|5.0|I LOVE this CD/DVD. Can't stop playing it! Have bought 5 to give to friends and family. Will buy more to spread the word! Buy it!! It's the best 10 dollars you'll ever spend!
0143038419|2.0|This book was a huge disappointment.  I could not finish it.  Skip the book and watch her [...] instead.  She's a MUCH better speaker.  I could never recommend this book as it doesn't deliver.  Self-absorbed ramblings that only end up irritating the reader as you could be reading something else!
B000GW8RX4|5.0|Dio is in top form, full of power. Blackmore kinda tries to steal the spotlight with these little \\"quiet\\" uh \\"things\\" but Dio marches in and gets him back on track. You can even at one point see Dio smoking a cigarette! which is kinda suprising considering how much singing he's done since this point.
B0027CNFR4|5.0|I loved this film it was so cute with lots of plot twists and turns.The wedding scene at the end with the bouquets in the wedding with the lights in it and them walking off into this snowy scene together.<br /><br />A must see film...<br />Makes me want to go to the UK straight away!
B000JIHP88|5.0|We bought this mobile based on the excellent reviews it received and are not disappointed.  The leaves open and close gently as the critters slowly rotate, and it mesmerizes our daughter.  She also loves the Rainforest sounds, although it comes with three types of classical music as well:  Bach, Beethoven, and Mozart.  It was easy to assembly and install and even comes with a remote control.  My only complaint is the inability to have the mobile move without any music.  Overall we are very happy with this purchase.
B000FC1LOC|3.0|i was captivated by the story concept. however, the ending was a cop-out. too bad.
B001PPGAIK|5.0|Wonderful cinematography, good cast, great story.  If you love good story telling set around historic events, you will love this movie.  It's always a joy to watch Nicole, and Hugh keeps up with the multi-talented Kidman.
B002RVCD0U|5.0|I thought this was a great Science Fiction film. Granted it was later surpassed by District 9 and Avatar, but this movie was the best one for the summer. It wasn't without problems, but it had a terrific atmosphere to it, a lot of innovative shots and an exciting plot which moves along nicely.  This is what I expected from this film, a sort of a prequel and a sequel that sets up the events of the apocalypse, of the Skynet fallout.  What's not to like here? The cool characters? the solid acting by Bale, Worthington, Kyle Reese, the Moon character.. the intense fighting scenes? the feeling of the great sadness... similar to that of Battlestar Galactica Reimagined? It was all quite beautiful.
B001UREJWM|2.0|This is probably the most doomy album from this Dio/Sabbath line up. Some of the heaviest riffs from Iommi and as always very catchy. The quicker more driven songs don't drive as hard as neon nights and mob rules but that is ok and keeps the more doomy feel going.    Problem I have is with the production. Yes, people working on this album are very talented but they take away from the album with their choices. The guitars are some of the heaviest you will ever hear from Iommi and company but the production waters down the \\"metal\\" edge that the guitars have. Vocals and guitars should really drive the music but it seems like guitars are pushed more into the back ground, not as crisp as they should be, and this takes away some of the power. The bass is also not as prominent as other albums from this line up and doesn't have the same level of identity. My impression is that they wanted to have a slightly more commercial feel maybe to appeal as much to people who are more rock n roll than metal as well. Production matches the labels interests more than the true nature of the band.
0596009208|1.0|While I loved Head First Design Patterns, this book was a disappointment.  From all the reviews and my experience with the HFDP book, I had high expectations.    If you have ever written an OO program then this book is not for you.    I know all the reviews are glowing about how fun it presents material--and it is fun--but the substance of the JAVA training is weak at best.  There are many other better Java books.    Move on to the next one.
B001PR0Y5S|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. You will forget your troubles and worries the entire time you are watching the movie. I will see this movie again and will be buying the DVD. Is this movie available in book format?? I loved the movie so much that I am looking for the book version. Does anyone know where I could find it???
B001R0KH3M|5.0|Thanks for the \\"Live at Last\\" DVD from the great Stevie Wonder, I'm enjoying it very much!
B0002V7O3S|5.0|The film is truly frightening in every aspect, despite is subject matter.  The craft and abduction looked so real it made my skin crawl,  truly well done.  The spacecraft scene alone is worth the price of the movie alone and is truly one of the scariest scene's in movie history.  This story might just be true....it hasn't be proven otherwise.  The ending was strange though I doubt someone would be that relaxed and jolking around if they had been abducted.
0307266303|5.0|I'm yoga practitioner and a runner. I've been running as I feel that's the best way to burn the extra pounds from my love for food. But it has never been much fun for me. I felt running is great exercise at the same time made certain muscles stiff so I practiced yoga to make whole body flexible.  This book did to me what another book mylife framework did for me on yoga. Born to run changed my whole outlook for running. Now I realize, I need to take running more easy, take diet more easy and how natural running is to us humans. In a similar way, I always had that itch to understand yoga, and the book [[ASIN:0981192106 Mylife Framework: A Model For A Successful Life Based On The Yoga Principles]] solved it for me by simplifying all the philosophy all I need to know on life. The same way, born to run simplified all the right knowledge I needed on running. Full marks!
B001FB4VZS|1.0|Let me start out by saying that I have faithfuly watched Smallville since season one and have collected every season up until season seven.  I hate to say it... and I might get booed for it, but I think the show should have been canceled after season six.  Not abruptly canceled by the network, but the creators and producers of the show should have gave Smallville a proper ending.  Season seven wasnt as bad as season eight, but it was starting to show signs that the creators were running out of ideas and I feel like they were going to far with Clarks role as a superhero without him becoming the Superman that we know he was destined to be.  Now, before I break that down... let me tell you a little about myself.  I love comic books, but with 974 movies on shelf, I think its safe to say I'm a movie lover also.  What this means is, though I hate to see a movie about a comic book character change important details, as a movie lover I usually understand why that change was made.  In the begining I felt like Smallville was real respectable to both the comic book and even more so to the original Superman movies.  But the last few seasons they have really ignored that.  Main example is the appearance of Doomsday.  Really?  The monster that kills Superman makes an appearance on Smallville.  Okay, let me stop... I can go on forever.  Let me end by saying that season eight simply did not have me wanting to see what happen next.  I still have the last few episodes on my DVR, because I simply dont care to watch them.  There used to be a time when I wouldnt even have to record the episodes on my DVR... I had to watch it when I came on.  This show is now just real corny and I cant really see them fixing it.  Though I hate when my favorite shows are canceled, there are a few that end right and on good/powerful note.  I just wish Smallville had ended when it was still good, now I fear that the show will just fade away.  Oh, and I bet you all the actors that have already left felt likethe season were getting weaker and there absence only made it worse.
B001FB4W0W|2.0|I hate that the show is even called True Blood.  Alan Ball needed to create his own series and say that it was 'inspired by the Sookie Stackhouse series' and just written Charlaine Harris a fat check.  It is clear that he has his own agenda and vision and that is all good but he should have created his own vampire world and left Sookie alone.  I didn't expect the series to be exactly like the books.  I understand that not everything in print translates to film, however, the books contain fun and exciting plots that would have worked as a series.  Alan Ball has his own agenda and I just wish he had left Sookie out of it.  The series is a lot darker than the tone of the books as well.  That is the fun of it...in spite of all these scary things going on, the books don't seem to take themselves or the world in them too seriously.  I think what has happened to the TV series should be a warning to any author that is approached to translate their work into the film medium.  Unless the writer has complete creative control, their work is generally ruined.      I continue to watch the show but I'm already mad at the second season because it looks like the Maenad is going to be a main character, which everyone knows she wasn't.  Jason is going to join the FOS, which didn't happen.  Once again, I didn't expect the show to follow the series exactly but if it is going to be so different why bother creating it?  Once again, I just wish Alan Ball had created his own vampire world and left Charlaine's work alone.
0060557818|3.0|The most damning problem with Neverwhere is that the story itself is simply unimaginative.  The setting is interesting (and could be the BEGINNING of something good).  The prose is sometimes excellent, but most often plain old exposition (nothing inherently wrong with this).  But the story itself is nothing special.    Also, my paperback copy, with the attractive \\"Big Ben\\" silhouette cover shown in the description, was notable for the exceptionally poor paper quality and ugly font/typeset.
B000065PUE|5.0|It's got everything you could ever want in rock music.<br /><br />The album is (usually) never too harsh to be offensive, nor too subdued to be boring. For the majority of the album the fuzz/noise levels are not only perfect, but are balanced out by the softer verses in each song. The album is interesting to listen to and each song is unique. This is in contrast to albums where all of the songs sound like similar copies of each other, with small and minor changes made here and there. On \\"Dolittle\\", each song is fresh. The arrangements are dynamic and contrasting and never stale or overused. The album is also easy to digest. This is a pop album with most songs clocking in at 2-3 minutes in length. The tunes are catchy. Every chord, every beat, every pause....fits together perfectly.<br /><br />It has it all. Perfect balance. Creative. Catchy. The epoch of good rock music started with \\"Dolittle\\" and was a slow downhill trudge from there.<br /><br />With this and all of their albums, the Pixies set the bar too high.<br />Nobody inside the genre or out has come close to topping them as consistently as they overcame their peers.<br /><br />I recommend every Pixies album for the true alternative rock fan.
B001NESPHC|5.0|No doubt about it, she's got the chops--amazing for such a young woman: Melody Gardot is the real thing.
B0009WFFS6|5.0|I throughly enjoyed listening to the Cream perform once again.  Amazing production quality, and they still have it.  Brought back a lot of memories.
B00005JPMZ|2.0|Given the new CGI technology, I believed it was possible to reboot the franchise but this TMNT movie doesn't do that.  Did anyone really care about the monsters or the immortality story?  I didn't and I thought of that as just a cheap way to fill the time with a bunch of swordfighting.  Here are some random thoughts about the film (from a lifelong TMNT fan):    The only character that I truely did care about in the movie was Raphael and he gets the most time on screen.  His resentment towards Leo and his quest for independence gives this film what very little dimension it has.  The only moment in the movie of pure excitement that had me on the edge of my seat was the battle between Raph and Leo.    Leonardo gets a lot of attention in this film also but I always found him to be too one dimensional and because he's supposed to be the flawless leader, the most boring.  On the positive side, he does look more bad-a$$ in this film than the 80s cartoon and the 90s movies.    Michelangelo was my favorite character from the TV show but I was somewhat disappointed with his role in this film.  He scarcely says 2 consecutive sentences in a row, being reduced to just making wise-cracker remarks when the opportunity presents itself.  Yes, some of them are funny but I wanted more from him.  The only part of the movie that is truely his is the opening scene where he is scateboarding through the sewers (didn't they already do this in the first live-action movie?).    I don't remember anything at all about Donatello except he has a job helping people with computers.  I hardly remember a line of dialogue from him and he's the least visable turtle.    Splinter is just like he's always been, nothing worthy of making note except he has a different voice.  April looks totally different (much younger) and, although I was initially against her new look, it warmed on me as the movie went along.  The main thing I didn't like was that she's now a sword-fighter which is totally inconsistent with everything I've seen from the character and was totally unnecessary and was just intended to get us to say \\"oh wow, April can swing a sword\\".    Overall, given the new technology I feel like there were several other routes this movie could have taken with more successful results.  Instead of making this a sequel to the live-action movies it should have simply retold the story (from the beginning).  They could have begun the movie when Splinter was still human and show how he was banished to the New York sewers and then got 4 pet turtles who later became mutant turtles and so on.  Another thing is that because this is CGI, they could have for the first time in a TMNT movie used Krang and the always funny duo Rocksteady and Bebop.  That would be a hell of a lot better than monsters no one is going to remember.    I would not recommend that someone who has little invested in the TMNT to buy this film or even rent it.  Watch it on youtube for free (shhh, don't tell anyone I told you that).  I wouldn't even recommend that lifelong TMNT fans buy this even if the bluray disc is really good.  Just rent it and don't have high expectations.    I'm on the fence about whether I want there to be another TMNT movie. I just hope they get it right if they decide to give it another try.
0515141429|4.0|Joe Reacher is arrested the minute he hits this small town for murder, later to find out that the murdered man is a stunning supprise. He then begins the non stop action. The towns folk begin dying in gruesome ways at a record pace. Joe is a former, highly trained Military Police investigator, and is drawn into the web to find out who and why. It gets messy. This is my first Reacher read, and I am hooked. Very much like James Paterson who I can't get enough of. The twists and turns keep you hopping. It is a fast read you will not want to put it down.
B001VIMCW4|1.0|What a boring movie - I eventually fast forwarded it to get to the end. The only decent performance was by Dench, who could have done it inb her sleep. No tension. No plot. No nothing, really.
0375507507|5.0|Brilliant tale of a hard and tuff family struggling in ever-turmoil africa in the 70's.  Healthy reading for all.  It's really takes you into the smell and feel of the place.
0375842209|4.0|Death is the narrator of \\"The Book Thief\\" by Markus Zusak.  Death makes a running commentary as he/she (yes, both)  picks up souls all over the world but returns again and again to a small town outside Munich during WW II.  He's especially interested in Leisle, a foster child, who's placed with an accordian playing father and a mother who replaces talk with cursing. Liesle plays street soccer, scraps with the boys to establish her place in the rough neighborhood outside Munich and finds strange solace in stealing books as she learns to read after the death of her brother.  Her life is impacted more profoundly when her foster father hides Max, the Jewish son of a WW I friend, in their basement.  Max stays sane by painting over the pages of \\"Mein Kamph\\" and painting his own story.  Leisle too begins her own book and her love affair with words. Death kindly gives us bold print synopses of what's to be.  This amazing book chronicles the strange loves that keep people sane during insane times.  (Does anyone proof this for spelling?  Please do)
B001KVZ6FC|5.0|I never saw this in the movie theater because I thought it would just be an ehhh movie, but boy was I wrong! I really enjoyed this movie and Eastwood plays a great racist, old, lonely man who grows and really becomes a part of the neighborhood.  He helps Tauo become a man and learn what he has to do in life.  I can't believe Eastwood didn't win any awards for this, but in my book he should've got actor or director of the year. If you haven't seen this movie, I would definitely recommend it.
0553381687|5.0|This review could be ten thousand words long. There are so many wonderful things about this book. But I will narrow my sights on the three things that Martin does as good as any author I have ever read.<br /><br />1st: Plot: The political landscape does not take long to find its shape under Martin's expert hand. You will find yourself drawn into the intrigue and history of the feuding Houses as much as any other element in this book. The internal conflicts of each storyline are just as well executed as the battlefield confrontations. Beyond the politics and emotional frailties is a landscape of uncertainty that will keep you guessing until the final page is turned, and what a final page it is!<br /><br />2nd: Characters: It is rare that an author can command such a wide of array of voices and have them all ring with authenticity. There is a huge ensemble in this book and you will find yourself attached to a more than a handful of memorable characters. Martin makes some tough choices in this book and you will come to realize that nobody is safe. I think if you asked ten different people who read this book which character was their favorite, you might get ten different answers, and that is really saying something. Martin can write the old and the young, the spirited and the foolish with equal skill. You will be jealous of his ability by the time you finish this book.<br /><br />3rd: Style and narrative: You will find that Martin has a signature all his own and his style is grand, detailed, wondrous and moving. He manages to give his world a huge scope, but still manage to charm you with details that add richness to the tale. This is why you will be coming back for more, because the author forces you to find out more about the world he created. I have read books that have wide shifting narratives before, and they are often botched because the author bit off more than he/she could chew. This is not the case here. Martin tackles as many as ten different narrative lenses and the story never seems to lose track. This is truly a monumental achievement and anyone who has tried their hand at this kind of writing will be impressed and astounded by Martin's success.<br /><br />I really didn't want to give away any details about the story in this review because they are all the more rewarding when you discover them on your own. There is many a twist and turn in this book and you will be glad that you took a chance on it. Don't walk, but run to your nearest bookstore and pick this up. On to \\"A Clash of Kings\\" for me.ems to lose track. This is truly a monumental achievement and anyone who has tried their hand at this kind of writing will be impressed and astounded by Martin's success.     I really didn't want to give away any details about the story in this review because they are all the more rewarding when you discover them on your own. There is many a twist and turn in this book and you will be glad that you took a chance on it. Don't walk, but run to your nearest bookstore and pick this up. On to \\"A Clash of Kings\\" for me.
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|Clint, back in form, playing a familiar but new dark hero who is older, grouchier and less PC than Superman and Green Lantern. BD great but mild, very mild especially audio. First Warner BD that defaults to DDTrueHD at the start, that I've seen. I like it.
B000MR9D5E|5.0|Planet Earth is the most amazing series I have ever seen. It never ceases to amaze me.
0316067598|5.0|A must read for all AMERICANS and for others who do not realize the tenacity of the American Military.
B0024F08RO|5.0|For me one of the best season of Prison Break. Every episode is worth seen with a lot of \\"out of your mind\\" twists that make you keep expecting more and more and more and more... and more.
0743201140|3.0|The book is fine.  It's got a lot of easily assimilated rhetoric that you've likely heard in 15 other formats, but hey, a little more supporting banter never hurt, right?<br /><br />Here's the thing... In order to use the book past chapter 2, you must have taken the assessment test that you can ONLY access with the unique code in the book, and can ONLY access it twice.  The book SUGGESTS that you take the test twice to get an accurate reading.<br /><br />Why is this a problem?  The publisher REFUSES to allow any further testing beyond the 2 that you get in the book.  Period.  If you buy the book used,  and it was previously owned by anyone that had any interest in the book, then they will have used the code, voiding any benefit that you may get from the book in the first place.<br /><br />Nice.
1439138311|4.0|A surprisingly simple and lovely book about a young Irish woman called Eilis (rhyming I think with \\"eye dish\\"), who comes to Brooklyn in the 1950s to find work. As compared to T&oacute;ib&iacute;n's novel about Henry James, [[ASIN:0743250419 THE MASTER]], his writing here is effortlessly unpretentious, but eloquently descriptive of the thoughts and feelings of this warm but rather shy girl who turns out to have a real gift for friendship. What a pleasure to read an Irish-American immigrant novel without any of the usual angst! One might almost compare the book to the novels of Edna O'Brien ([[ASIN:0452263948 THE COUNTRY GIRLS]]) or Maeve Binchy ([[ASIN:0385341733 CIRCLE OF FRIENDS]]) as a gentle romance with an even more acute sense of place and period, and a perfect understanding of the female point of view. But towards the end, T&oacute;ib&iacute;n turns in a slightly unexpected direction, with a moving exploration of the way that emigration can open the door to new friends and new experiences, but leave the immigrant emotionally stranded between two irreconcilable worlds.
B00005AQE8|4.0|All Eyez On Me.  Often called Pacs greatest work.  His Magnum Opus! Definetely not the case.  It has so much filler, and does things that most artists are criticized for nowadays, has WAY TOO MANY GUESTS!!!! And they add nothing to the album.  Only Method and Redman were any notable features.  Also Snoop Dogg and Nate Dogg.  Otherwise, everybody was a huge waste of space.  Lyrically it wasn't always on point either and quite frankly this was his worst album easily.  His older political stuff was much better and far more inspiring.  This album was great to listen to but when brought up against all his other albums, this is considerably weak... Not a bad album at all, but not a classic by any means.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Just tried level 1 today and it's really good. I haven't watched too many TBL shows, but Jillian kicks her teams' butts and that's a good thing.<br /><br />The 3 sets of 3 minutes of strength, 2 minutes of cardio and 1 minute of abs go by really quickly because you don't get used to doing anything and getting bored. The exercises are pretty straight forward and there's usually a modification for people just getting into this, although I would suggest being in a little bit of shape before trying. This isn't for the very beginner. You could always use less weight or no weight at all. Same if you have a bad back or other injuries.<br /><br />I'm looking forward to doing the other levels as well.<br /><br />However, I'm surprised that she doesn't look at buff as I'd expect her to look...would be interested in trying more, though.
B001AVEJ1Y|5.0|I've seen this movie three times: once very locally, once at a theater two towns away with Digital sound and projection, and once at IMAX. If there were a fourth choice, I'd take it.  I haven't enjoyed myself so much at a Star Trek movie since \\"The Wrath of Khan,\\" and this is far funnier, more sophisticated, and infinitely more exciting.  It's got everything: gorgeous talented cast filling each role to perfection; a clever plot; literate thrilling script; and special effects that don't overpower the story the way the do almost everything else you see these days. Though the ensemble is great,  At its heart, it's a space bromance between Spock and Kirk and absolutely riveting all the way through.  Just writing about it makes me want to see it again!
B0026NWBY2|5.0|This is a compilation of songs that George's wife Olivia wanted and most likely got the approval of Dhanni, his son, as well.  It is a wonderfully done remastered album and is a bargain at $10.  What it does is introduce George's solo work to a new generation of music lovers.<br /><br />Personally, for me, Marwa Blues brought tears to my eyes.  We all miss you very much George and thank you Olivia!<br /><br />Give me love, give me love, give me peace on earth, Give me life, give me life, keep me free from birth.
0385491026|4.0|This was the gripping portrayal of a girl struggling to find a place in the treacherous world of young females who developed strength through her experiences and emerged as a successful artist.<br /><br />The vivid details of Elaine's return to her childhood home of Toronto and her recollection of growing up was insightful and, of course, beautifully written.<br /><br />While fighting the cruelty and games of pre-adolescent and teenage girls, Elaine was also trying to forge an identity and hold her own with parents and an older brother who all possessed a strong sense of self. She emerges as a confident woman, who has learned who she is and expresses both the pain and beauty of her experiences in art that is uncompromising.
B001XJEKGC|5.0|My wife and I attended 1 night there @ MSG. We loved it then, excellent job capturing the Music and Vibe of that special evening.
B000KJU1MS|5.0|The Houston show is such a legendary show that for me, it's the Holy Grail of KISS concerts, at least in the classic era.  That concert specifically has it all.  It has \\"God of Thunder\\" which began with Gene's blood-spitting bass solo, and had Peter Criss's jazzy drum solo.  Ace Frehley did an awesome guitar solo with smoke coming out of a pickup.  It has Peter Criss singing \\"Beth\\" and Paul Stanley was very high in energy.<br /><br />The other moments are also great.  I feel that the first disc represents KISS when they were just developing into this band.  That disc was the early years.  It shows a couple of concerts that were very similar, but they have different aspects.  It also has a live performance from their Alive tour, where they performed the album all the way through.  I guess that's the way to do things when you're doing a tour of a live album.  What else can you do in that situation?<br /><br />The second disc showed them during the height of their career, but when watching some of these moments with the commentary from Paul and Gene, I learn things that make me not like things as much.  However, the shows here are some of the best.  The film quality is also pretty good.  Again, the highlighting point is definitely the concert in Houston, but the rest of the set is also pretty good.<br /><br />The second KISSology boxed set continues from where this one leaves off.
0312427646|4.0|A sweet, unpretentious, and thought-provoking novella--what would happen if the Queen of England became as enamored of books as the rest of us bookworms are?  A peek at Royal life from the (fictional) Queen's viewpoint. Lovely.
B000002J09|5.0|For me personally, I had heard the entire side one of the album, \\"When the Levee Breaks, and a live version of \\"Going to California,\\" so when I first heard this album, it was somewhat disappointing in a way.  However, when looking at the album, you can't deny that it has some real classics.  This album would be much better if it wasn't so heavily exposed and talked about.<br /><br />This album, however, has the big classics.  It has \\"Stairway to Heaven\\" which, although overexposed to the maximum (why do you think that there were signs in guitar stores that said \\"No Stairway to Heaven\\" even before Wayne's World came out), is still a beautiful song.  \\"Rock and Roll\\" begins the same way that a classic Little Richard tune began, and \\"When the Levee Breaks\\" is a good tribute to old blues.<br /><br />It's a classic, but it wasn't as exciting as it would have been for me if I didn't already own Early Days: The Best of Led Zeppelin volume 1.
B000P0J0EW|5.0|What a wonderful movie this is! I watch it every time it's aired on TV. The story and actors were all perfect for the roles they played. I'm happy that I finally own a copy of this great movie. Thank you.
0786838655|4.0|This series is fun, and a great story for kids.  I recommended it to many of my students after our Unit on Greek Mythology and they loved it.  It is very similar to Harry Potter in that there is a young boy and a prophecy about him, but I actually find HP to be a little more mature than this series.  Regardless it is book fun for adults and kids, as I was number 48 in line to get my copy signed when Rick Riodan came to town last month!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I watched this entire season on tv and it's an absolute favorite for me. I am pleased to say that it came, well, later than I'd hoped, but ahead of it's estimated delivery date. If you like vampire stories and you haven't seen this...BUY IT NOW!!
0141439513|5.0|I have read this book several times, and each time it continues to amuse me more.  the wonderful thing about Austin is the style of her writing is so wonderful and other worldly that one can keep reading the same book over and over and always find some new intricate detail of her writing to marvel over.  I know that some people are not up for the task of 19th literature, but if you can just give it your all and dig in, Austin will certainly make it worth your while and more.
B001PPGAIA|4.0|I was really ready to dislike this movie because of the reviews and the length. I hate long movies unless that time is well spent. Well not all the time is spent in that manner but enough to keep me very entertained. Jackman is good like a later day Clark Gable and Kidman is well Kidman, thats not bad. The racial issues brought up in this movie are quite spot on. Just rent it or watch it and damn the reviews ;)
B000GG4XJM|1.0|First off, let me say that I absolutely love this CD.  I am, however, so tired of artists taking advantage of fans by putting out a product and then putting out a bonus CD so shortly thereafter.  Enough of this practice.  It is a total let-down for an artist who claims to be so connected to his fans to keep doing this.
B00127RAJY|3.0|I read the reviews here before I purchased this dvd, and saw the opposing viewpoints regarding the safety of jumping jacks. I am only about 25 pounds overweight and I'm 30 years old, pretty young I figured, so I thought that my body would be able to handle anything Jillian threw at me. I was wrong! I did the level one workout for two weeks, every day as well as 30 minutes on a treadmill. No doubt it is a good, solid exercise program. It made me sweat buckets and truly feel the exertion in keeping up with her. Unfortunately, my knees became increasingly strained and painful until a couple of days ago when I just decided to stop. I've returned to a program that has worked well for me in the past, Slim in 6.     I can tell the difference between sore muscles that are a sign of progress, and the pain of a jammed or hyper-extended joint. Maybe I have improper form when I'm doing all those jumping jacks and jumprope moves and its my own fault, but I don't know how to do it differently. Jumping jacks aren't rocket science. All I can say is that I'm disappointed at having to stop halfway through the 30 days, but I'm just trying to lose weight and tone up. Not cause permanent, painful damage to my knees that impedes daily life, not just strenuous exercise.    One more thing - my dvd ran through several minutes of introductory material upon every start-up before getting to the top menu. I was not allowed to skip to the workout menu or even fast forward through all the talk. Pretty annoying. I would start the dvd and then go change, get a glass of water, roll out the mat... and THEN it would be ready for me to select my workout level and start.
B001TODCII|5.0|This movie is 5+ stars simply b/c the lead actor looked and acted like a true bad man - someone who really would kill you to save his daughter.      This is a welcome complete contradiction to the metrosexual, banana republic, pseudo-model, pretty boy types who typically are cast in this type of role (Damon, Di Caprio, T Cruise, Branjolina), and are absolutely unconvincing.    Although the storyline was cliche, the action scenes were exciting.
B001PPGAIK|4.0|Baz Luhrmann is a brilliant expositor of his own cinematic vision, and Australia's Blu-Ray release is packed with mini-documentaries, introduced and annotated by Luhrmann, on every aspect of production - from location scouting through set design, cinematography (AND still photography), editing, music direction - indeed, everything EXCEPT casting but with a nice little historical documentary that validates the broad historical elements of the picture. Thus do Luhrmann, the abundantly talented Catherine Martin (co-producer, set and costume designer, and Luhrmann's wife), and other cast and crew have the time and space, courtesy of 20th Century Fox Blu-Ray, to amplify in words and (also High-Def) images  Luhrmann's capacious attempt to capture his country and its experience in film.<br /><br />I think that, for the most part, he succeeds.<br /><br />The movie itself divided critics into two camps: the merciless dismissives - who derided Luhrmann as, among other things, a purveyor of kitsch - and the swept-up romantics, who were pulled into the David Lean-esque epic scale and David O. Selznick-style old-fashioned narrative. I number myself among the swept-up. The first obligation of a director, or any one of a film's three or four auteurs - director, producer, writer, cinematographer - is to present moving images that actually grip our eyes and hold them to the screen. At this Luhrmann succeeds wildly - the picture, given its locations, lavish set design, historically accurate costumery, and luminosity of its stars is visually never less than stunning. The action sequences and visual effects fill the screen imaginatively - these Australian cowboys even RIDE differently than John Wayne, Ward Bond, and the whole John Ford gang - and make the 2 hours and 45 minutes literally zip by.<br /><br />And then there's Brandon Walters, the 13-year-old Aboriginal lad who looks 10 and literally carries away every scene he's in, a rousing, energetic, wholly convincing performance by a stunningly talented (not to mention absurdly photogenic, with eyes as large and expressive as...okay, Bambi's) young man. And credit Luhrmann with eliciting so compelling a performance from a first-time acting novice.<br /><br />And yes, of course, there's Nicole Kidman and Wolverine, who are just fine, and the welcome return of Bryan Brown to American screens and a nicely evil turn by David Wenham. But this is to me all icing on cake. The film's main, and most riveting, character is Australia itself - the sights, sounds, geological diversity, flora, and fauna. And for most American audiences, this is will be a (welcome) introduction to a spectacular continent and country and a national narrative that, at many points, parallels our own American story.<br /><br />In particular, Australia will introduce most non-Australian audiences to Australia's national tragedy of The Stolen Generation (for which Prime Minister Kevin Rudd apologized last year). But don't expect perfect historical accuracy - this is a \\"Hollywoodized\\" past, especially in its idealization of the \\"good guys\\" a-historical views on race relations  - or profundity. Australia is a historical romance that intends to tug at your heartstrings. In the English-speaking world, the tradition of knuckle-headed stories that pack genuine emotional wallop goes back at least to Shakespeare, who late in his authorial career wrote romances - The Tempest, Pericles, Prince of Tyre, The Winter's Tale - that were deliriously implausible and but deeply emotionally honest. Thus it is with Australia. And only a stony heart will fail to be moved by a wholly predictable, yet emotionally credible, conclusion.<br /><br />So, yeah, I thought this was a pretty neat picture that, in the context of all those condescendingly dismissive reviews, easily surpassed my low expectations. And placed before me images that I'll scarcely be able to forget.ot to mention absurdly photogenic, with eyes as large and expressive as...okay, Bambi's) young man. And credit Luhrmann with eliciting so compelling a performance from a first-time acting novice.    And yes, of course, there's Nicole Kidman and Wolverine, who are just fine, and the welcome return of Bryan Brown to American screens and a nicely evil turn by David Wenham. But this is to me all icing on cake. The film's main, and most riveting, character is Australia itself - the sights, sounds, geological diversity, flora, and fauna. And for most American audiences, this is will be a (welcome) introduction to a spectacular continent and country and a national narrative that, at many points, parallels our own American story.    In particular, Australia will introduce most non-Australian audiences to Australia's national tragedy of The Stolen Generation (for which Prime Minister Kevin Rudd apologized last year). But don't expect perfect historical accuracy - this is a \\"Hollywoodized\\" past, especially in its idealization of the \\"good guys\\" a-historical views on race relations   - or profundity. Australia is a historical romance that intends to tug at your heartstrings. In the English-speaking world, the tradition of knuckle-headed stories that pack genuine emotional wallop goes back at least to Shakespeare, who late in his authorial career wrote romances - The Tempest, Pericles, Prince of Tyre, The Winter's Tale - that were deliriously implausible and but deeply emotionally honest. Thus it is with Australia. And only a stony heart will fail to be moved by a wholly predictable, yet emotionally credible, conclusion.    So, yeah, I thought this was a pretty neat picture that, in the context of all those condescendingly dismissive reviews, easily surpassed my low expectations. And placed before me images that I'll scarcely be able to forget.
0316066524|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best modern fiction book out there. Probably the best in thirty years or so. The characters are relatable, the plot is interesting, and the book has a very positive message unlike most modern fiction. Redemption is possible in this book. Whatever you put into it, you'll get out of it. Don't half-read this one even though it's long. The pay-off is huge in the end.
B0025WUK1U|5.0|I'm a hufe Jeff fan, owning almost every official release - and having seen many interviews, etc. on the Web. I hesitated to buy this, thinking that it might just be a re-packaging of everything I've seen before. It's way more than that.     The \\"Amazing Grace\\" DVD is a great representation of Jeff. The interviews with the band and others (mainly David Fricke of Rolling Stone and Chris Cornell)confirm his talent and spirit - and legacy.    Highly recommended.
B0018M6J90|4.0|I watched this on a whim, as a big fan of Frances McDormand ever since \\"Fargo.\\" Wasn't certain at first if I would finish it, and the opening in London just before World War II is drab and dark, and it was difficult to see where the director planned to go with it.<br /><br />The setting then becomes a bit frothy when McDormand's Miss Pettigrew finagles a job as social secretary to a ditzy American actress, Delysia, played by Amy Adams. The scene switches to the flat of one of Delysia's legion of boyfriends. The filmography switches to a very pleasing elegant art deco style, and it acquires more and more sheen in the gorgeous closing nightclub segment.<br /><br />Was I glad I stuck with \\"Miss Pettigrew Lives for a Day.\\" The plot brings along two men capable of deep love, Ciaran Hinds as a lingerie designer who \\"sees women without their clothes\\" and Michael the piano player who loves Delysia for who she really is. This sends this film into a far more compelling realm than seemed likely by its opening. Hinds (Caesar in HBO's \\"Rome\\") appeals, playing a character of honesty, consideration and tact, and perhaps his is the most memorable turn.<br /><br />Let's hope director Bharat Nalluri makes more.
B001OY5X2Q|5.0|I'm not a huge Siouxsie and the Banshees fan, but this is definitely my favorite album of theirs--lush, beautiful and over the top, with Siouxsie's voice in probably the best form ever (aside from her work with the Creatures).  The new remastering is a revelation--amazing detail, louder (but not too loud), and the vocals seem more prominent.  It was almost like hearing a new album.  The bonus tracks are mostly different from those on the old CD (I think the \\"Cities in Dust\\" remix is the same one, but much better in the remaster).  It's nice to have \\"Song from the Edge of the World\\" (I wish they'd do that EP as a remastered CD), and \\"Starcrossed\\" is an okay demo that I had never heard before.  The real \\"bonus\\" is the remix of \\"The Sweetest Chill\\", which is an excellent remix of my favorite song from the album.  Even if you have the old \\"Tinderbox\\" CD, get this one--it's worth it!
B0000CEB4V|5.0|If you love The Beatles, and who doesn't, buy this now. It's great, no complaints.     Heck, buy the soundtrack, too, I did...    Sincerly,  Music on Pig Turd Alley
0802714544|5.0|I just picked this up blindly out of the library...very good book, short read, i finished it in just over six hours of dedicated reading time...I'm actually surprised I'd never heard of the author before, I'll definitely be looking up more books written by him...
B000MCH14Y|4.0|In this Tamil version of Hear No Evil, See No Evil, Speak No Evil; Tirupati (Prabhu Deva) is a blind musician/singer, Sreesailam (Nagendra Prasad) is a mute artist, and Badrachalam (Raju Sundaram) is a deaf photographer.  Due to the problems their particular handicaps have caused them, the three strive to hide their condition to the world.  Narmada (Jyothika) comes to Bangalore on some mysterious business and crosses the paths of all three men.  Each one is smitten with her, and the comic situations of their meetings leads them all to become friends.  The movie is particularly funny in seeing each of them cover for each others' handicap.  This is a goodhearted story with a couple of twists and turns to keep you interested as you see three men who struggle to find their place in a world that marginalizes and ultimately do so with a little help.    Prabhu Deva fans will love the fact that he plays alongside his two brothers in this film.  The dance scenes are fun, and the music is good.
0385751893|5.0|One of the few books that crosses over from a book that I will read to my child (in a few years), but one that I think would be an excellent discussion for my own book club. I thought it was amazing. Dark, disturbing, clever, frustrating and well-plotted, it was both simple and complex - just the way I enjoy my books. I enjoyed it very much. Highly recommended.
B00127RAJY|5.0|Thia is a great workout video.  It is a little tough but I am only on week two and level 2 and I am already seeing results.
B001FB55H6|5.0|Can someone please tell me, if this bluray is codefree? I must have this:-)      many thanks!
0689865384|5.0|Tally Youngblood lives in a world where at the age of 16 everyone undergoes an operation and turns super-model gorgeous, and if your not gorgeous your ugly. When Tally meets Shay her whole perspective changes. Shay is not the average kind of girl. She dosn't want to be pretty. Headstrong in her ways Shay runs away a few days before the pretty operation and cannot be found anywhere. The thing is, Tally knows where she is, and she herself cannot turn pretty until Shay is found. Tally will make a treacherous trek to go and find Shay, but when she finds her will she herself still want to go back and become pretty? To what ends will she go to preserve herself? Why doesn't Shay want the operation??<br /><br />If I answered any of these questions it would spoil the book, so I will refrain myself! This book was amazing, and was definitely a page turner. There is even an essence of romance in the book, that many girls, including myself, just adore. The book also portrays a wonderful message about not having to be absolutely gorgeous to be smart, and even pretty in certain people's eyes. All around it was a great book and won't dissappoint the reader.
B0021L9MJG|1.0|If WB think they can get away with stereo sound and a trailer, forget it.    Universal UK released a loaded special edition sd-dvd featuring a DD5.1 track and a whole host of extras, including Romero/Savini running commentary, making of docu with many of the cast interviewed, behind the scenes footage from Tom Savini's own archives, trailer and still gallery.    It's expected this SE will make it to BD at some point.    WB step up your game with this forthcoming BD or forget it.
0316010669|3.0|I am a big Malcolm Gladwell fan. He has a way of weaving very dry, scientific material into great stories in which you learn not only what he's intending to advocate, but also about miscellaneous, interesting topics. In short, you become a great guest at cocktail parties because you have fun topics to chat about with other people.     He's tough to recommend, though, since the subject matter can be a bit dry and bog down at times. I am also sometimes challenged by the leaps he makes that A automatically equals, or leads to, B, without giving me more support for why. But, I still enjoyed the book (although enjoyed The Tipping Point a bit more). All in all, very interesting, though.
0486237664|5.0|I believe this is the largest selection of animal prints that Dover has to offer. It has a wide variety of mammals, reptiles, birds, fish, shellfish, insects, etc., but because they are old etchings, the conformation, proportions, and other characteristics are not always accurate. The illustration details are amazing. Most images have some type of reference as to  breed, gender, type, etc. This book is great for design/advertising (limited in copyright free), any art projects, or use as models for sketching practice as long as you are aware of the artistic liberties taken on some portrayals of animals.
0844659770|3.0|Most of this book meanders aimlessly through Eichmann's life, without any clear point or organization.  And because Arendt usually uses quotes of two or three words, it is hard to tell whether she is quoting Eichmann (or anyone else) in context.  (As to other factual details, I defer to other reviewers more informed than I).<br /><br />However, the last couple of chapters are clearer and better than the rest of the book.  She finally gets to her key points, which seem to me to be: (a) that no preexisting legal theory was really adequate to address Nazi atrocities, and (b) that Eichmann became a monster because of his surroundings: surrounded by Nazism, he made Hitler his surrogate conscience, so that just as a Christian might refuse to obey an order in conflict with his understanding of Christianity, Eichmann dodged orders in conflict with his vision of what Hitler wanted.
006088732X|4.0|Rosewood, Pennsylvania is the ideal suburban neighborhood. The houses are all old and beautiful, oh and cost mega dollars! In this perfect neighborhood live five best friends. Ali, Spencer, Emily, Aria, and Hanna. They've been friends since the seventh grade and have been through it all. They have all the classic inside jokes as any normal circle of friends would have, but these girls have a nasty secret that they all share. It involves a terrible accident that happened to the girls' neighbor. All changed the last day of seventh grade when Ali went missing. Rosewood was sent into a whirlwind panic and police were everywhere. Ali is never found and the girls continue on with their lives and eventually drift apart. Now all the girls are juniors in high school and the gap between them has never been as big. Spencer is your typical over-achiever. She is always volunteering for something or catching up on her SAT vocab. Aria has just returned from Iceland and is determined to show everyone that she isn't the girl who's best friend dissapeared, especially her new English teacher who is just absolutely yummy. Emily is an all-star swimmer with a hot swimmer boyfriend, but when new girl Maya moves into town Emily questions her swimming future and her dating future. Hanna is the \\"it girl.\\" She has the body (through much hard work), boyfriend, and style, but things start looking down when Hanna can't help but be a bad girl. The girls continue on without each other but little do they know they will all be reunited again. Coincidentally all of them are being contacted by someone by the name of A. A knows all their secrets, whether they are new or from many years ago. Who could A be? Could it be Ali who disappeared so long ago?<br /><br />Pretty Little Liars is the book for any girl who loves drama. It is filled with juicy scandalous secrets, and more drama than could ever go on in anyone's life. With every page turn new questions popped into my head. Who could A be? What was the terrible accident that plagues the girls? None of these questions are answered, but don't fear there are two sequels already published - the fourth arrives in April and there are said to be a total of eight. I was sucked in from the get go and couldn't put this book down until I was finished. Any girl looking for a light read will enjoy this book!e accident that plagues the girls? None of these questions are answered, but don't fear there are two sequels already published - the fourth arrives in April and there are said to be a total of eight. I was sucked in from the get go and couldn't put this book down until I was finished. Any girl looking for a light read will enjoy this book!
0765356139|2.0|I don't understand how this book has so many positive reviews!  It felt as though I was reading what I imagine to be a young reader/teen drama novel.  Nothing against young readers, but isn't that what the Harry Potter and other similar books are out there for?  The dialogue was so corny!  There are a lot of interesting ideas, unfortunately someone else should have written about them.   Maybe I've been spoiled by the likes of George R.R. Martin. I don't want to be overly negative, or snobby.  Or it could be I'm just missing something, because I distinctly remember enjoying the first book. Who knows, but this book is definitely not worthy of many stars.
1576754227|5.0|Simple and straight-forward - not lots of mumbo-jumbo about why we procrastinate, but instead on how to avoid it. I thought it was a quick and productive read. Geared more toward the business set, it still rings true in both home life and volunteer organizations. It is a great book about getting things done, of which I am a huge proponent! Don't talk about it - do it! Highly recommended.
B000NTPDSW|4.0|I have the old Videos of this collection.  I can't believe they would put this on Blu-Ray and not include English Subtitles for the deaf and hard of hearing.  CCs don't cut it anymore.  If I buy, it will be the older non Blu-Ray set.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|Promply Shipped, Packed better than anyone else in the Marketplace, and received in A # 1 Condition!! Plays like New!!!! Thanks!
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|For now I'm not gonna bore you to death with the awesome details of how good the original DVD release was and the story and how it was the best sequel to the video game masterpiece ever and yadda yadda yadda.  If you've seen the first, get this one also because the extra footage is interspersed all throughout the film to create a much more fluid story.  The plot line is explained better and the transfer for Blu-Ray is freakin' spectacular.  Even if you've never seen this movie and don't care for sci-fi that much, get it anyway.  It's just an awesome experience.  That's it for now.  Hope you enjoy it ;-)
0316044695|4.0|First, I have to start off that I'm a sucker for survival stories, especially the kind where you just really like the survivor. Marcus Luttrell is one of those that you just are rooting for from the very beginning. Underneath the bravado and the language in the book is a solid and well-written account of courage under fire in Afghanistan. But it's more than the actual event. Luttrell describes his Texas upbringing, his training to become a Navy SEAL, his experiences in Iraq and Afghanistan. and what he believes (including his thoughts and opinions on the US media and military).     Probably closer to 4.5 stars for me, but due to language and some weaker writing near the end, I will go with a 4. Still an excellent read. I really enjoyed it (and so did my husband)!
B001M4YZ90|2.0|Having seen Lock Stock and Snatch, I had immensely high expectations for this movie.  Lock Stock was a fairly low budget bootstrapped story of a bunch of bumbling cockney bad guys, but very skillfully pulled off.  Snatch took this nearly identical story concept one step further with a very large budget that translated into very good production values and a great cast (Brad Pitt in one of his best roles ever).  Rocknrolla is basically the same thing all over again - multiple underground groups working toward bad guy ends, with a sufficient amount of story intertwining and all working to impede the other's progress, including Russians.  Snatch had just the right mix of multiplicity of story lines to make it dazzingly complex, yet fully comprehensible.  This one just felt very disjointed, like it was attempting too much and didn't hold it together well.  The worst part, though, IMHO are the casting decisions.  Snatch and Lock Stock had very believable characters.  Brick Top, for example, was someone clearly to fear, as was Bullet Tooth Tony.  The absolutely right guys for the roles.  Here, though, Tom Wilkinson as the lead bad guy boss?  He completely fails in the role.  His clear physical frailty, lack of convincing line delivery and history of playing wuss roles completely undermines his effectiveness in this role, and that is a critical failure.  Bottom line, its an entertaining watch, but not purchase material.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Great series.  If you love the Sookie Stackhouse books, you will love the True Blood series.  Although the HBO series takes a different path than the books, it is a path worth following.  The characters and plot sucks you in from the begining and keeps you wanting more.  Enjoy!
B000GIXEIG|4.0|The scenery is flabbergasting and awe-inspiring. Beautiful mountains and fjords, vertiginous seascape and landscape, little winter and snow. It is not a film about the cold north but the heroic pagan mystery of this northern climes. Pagan with some beings coming from we do not know where, though the troll is explained very clearly from the very start as being the son of a man who was killed in some atrocious way by some Danes, just because he was coming from somewhere else and he \\"stole\\" a fish. The son then escapes and survives in nature alone. He becomes a wild child that does not speak any human language and is only looking for his vengeance on the Danish chief who had his father killed and who spared the child's life out of some human feeling. Beowulf is the one who is going to get that \\"troll\\", and the story is very close to the English Beowulf, though they try once again to make things look natural, normal. It kills in many ways the meaning and the power of some symbols, and you will never know that Beowulf used a sword from the giants who were on earth before human beings, and that this sword is decorated with runes and interlacing runic tangles. The fact that he has to resort to this sword he finds in the hoard of the mother of this Grendel, some kind of unexplained amphibious monster, appears to be a simple accident, while it is an essential and meaningful element: these monsters are the descendants of the giants that dominated the world before human beings. Some future is told by a witch but she uses bones instead of using the famous runes. The most important addition to this film, as compared to the original story, is this witch who was more or less raped once by Grendel and who got a son from him. Does this element give any humanity to the tale? I do not think so. Does it emphasizes the pagan side of the tale? Maybe but we have to say the repetitive christenings are at least counterbalancing this pagan element. The last interesting side of the film is the realistic rendition of the habitat of these northern human beings and that is neither comfortable, nor in anyway clean or well-ordered. It sure is the story of humanity emerging out of old phases of animal or pre-human existence, but this emergence is identified too much with the Christianization of Scandinavia. In one word is a good film of action though it is rather naïve as for the real anthropological or even archeological dimension  of the story, and it is rather too far from the Anglo-Saxon poem to be considered as a fair adaptation of the first part of this poem. We are missing the dragon of the second part and the death of the hero.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGIDe realistic rendition of the habitat of these northern human beings and that is neither comfortable, nor in anyway clean or well-ordered. It sure is the story of humanity emerging out of old phases of animal or pre-human existence, but this emergence is identified too much with the Christianization of Scandinavia. In one word is a good film of action though it is rather naïve as for the real anthropological or even archeological dimension  of the story, and it is rather too far from the Anglo-Saxon poem to be considered as a fair adaptation of the first part of this poem. We are missing the dragon of the second part and the death of the hero.    Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines, CEGID
0439023483|4.0|I loved this book ... A real page-turner. Great plot and story (somewhere a cross between Lord of the Flies, the TV show Survivor, and the movie The Running Man - with Romeo and Juliet thrown in for good measure). The writing isn't fantastic, but the characters are incredibly likeable, and like I said, the plot pace makes up for it.     This was a solid 4.5 stars for me. She had me up to the end, which was a bit frustrating. Not sure where the story is heading from here, so I will definitely be reading Book 2. I can see why it has won some awards. Strong story and great characters. Recommended.
B001JRB16U|5.0|This is Disney's best live-action/animation movie! Better than all of the studio's more recent live-action films (films based on rides are boring and shows a sign of running out of ideas. Teen musicals are a passing fad). Julie Andrews is, of course, \\"practically perfect\\" as Mary Poppins. Her voice is excellent on every song she's in. Dick Van Dyke is also brilliant and I applaud him on his Cockney accent. At least he tried compared to other movies that take place in another country and they cast an American (here's looking at you, the most convincing German ever, Tom Cruise). The songs are as memorable as ever. When you're older, you realize how well the songs fit and are relevant to the plot.<br /><br />The features were wonderful to watch (I didn't buy the previous release). And now I'm gonna sidetrack but I'll make it relevant. I'm going to New York and I was planning on what shows to see like Chicago and Mamma Mia! I was planning on doing a Disney one but Little Mermaid seems too implausible to be realized on stage (I also saw a clip of the ending somewhere and it's really lackluster compared to the film. I know it would've been a big budget thing, but still) and for The Lion King, I wouldn't be sucked into the story because I'd be totally aware I'm watching people, not animals, on stage. So that leaves the Mary Poppins adaptation. Judging from the clips on this DVD, THEY TOTALLY SCREWED IT UP! I know you need to adjust it for the stage but they changed to much and added too many new songs. \\"Practically Perfect\\" seems to be the only new one to fit. They put the end song of the film at the beginning of the second act and they totally eliminate Uncle Albert. They change Mrs. Banks from a woman's suffrage leader to an actress trying to please her husband! This is one thing Disney should've left as a movie!
B000001EL7|5.0|classic kiss .this is kiss at their best. destroyer,rock and roll over. and love gun.
B0025X4OYI|5.0|Originally released on ABC-Paramount in 1962, Modern Sounds in Country and Western, was a revelation, both for fans of country music and for fans of Ray Charles. The former had never heard their favorites orchestrated with the depth of soul brought to the table by Ray Charles, and fans of the genius singer had never before heard him indulging his love of country songwriting so deeply. Nashville had adapted to brass and strings in an attempt to create crossover hits, but their charts and players never swung with the sort of big band finesse and bravado of these arrangements, and their vocalists rarely found the grooves mined by Charles. The second volume, issued the same year, follows the same template, with Nashville standards rearranged and conducted by Gerald Wilson and Marty Paich, and recording split between New York and Hollywood.<br /><br />Having been a country music fan since his youth, Charles evidently didn't hear any line that would separate him from the Nashville songbook. His recording supervisor, Sid Feller, was tasked with gathering songs, and ABC, thinking the whole ideas was a lark, left the pair alone to follow Charles' muse. The album spun off four hit singles, including a chart-topping remake of Don Gibson's \\"I Can't Stop Loving You\\" and a heartbreaking cover of Cindy Walker's \\"You Don't Know Me\\" that fell just one rung shy of the top. Marty Paich's strings brilliantly underline and shadow Charles' vocals, adding atmosphere without ever intruding or overwhelming the singer or the song. Track after track, Charles, his arrangers and his band find wholly new ways through these songs, turning \\"Half as Much\\" into mid-tempo jazz, layering string flourishes into \\"Born to Lose,\\" laying the blues on \\"It Makes No Difference Now\\" and punching up \\"Bye Bye Love\\" and \\"Hey Good Lookin'\\" with big band sizzle.<br /><br />Volume two may not have been as much of a surprise, but neither was it a second helping. Gerald Wilson's soul vision of \\"You Are My Sunshine,\\" expertly rendered by Charles and a swinging horn section, leaves few traces of the song's mid-20th century origin. Charles, spurred by backing vocals from the Raeletts, sounds like he's reeling off a personal tale of devotion rather than singing someone else's lyric. The Raeletts provide an edge to side one's New York sessions, with the Jack Halloran Singers sitting in on side two's Hollywood takes. Both album sides yielded hit singles, including a pained reading of \\"Take These Chains From My Heart,\\" and a slow, mournful take on \\"Your Cheating Heart.\\" As with the first volume, Charles finds a directness in country songwriting that matches the expression he developed with the blues.<br /><br />Country music and Charles' career each received a boost from these albums. Nashville expanded its audience outside its core region, Nashville songwriters found new ears for their songs, and Charles gained an influx of fans who might otherwise have never bought R&B records. These were all lasting marks, as Charles' fame continued to expand, and country music gained new flavors for its crossover dreams. Concord's reissue includes the two volumes' original twenty-four tracks, full-panel cover art (front and back!), original liner notes for each, and new liners by Bill Dahl. Volume one previously appeared as a standalone CD in the 1980s, but the complete volume two only appeared on the (out-of-print) box set [[ASIN:B00000C41G The Complete Country & Western Recordings 1959-1986]]. This single disc is the perfect way to get Charles' 1962 country sessions in one sweet package. [©2009 hyperbolium dot com]by Charles and a swinging horn section, leaves few traces of the song's mid-20th century origin. Charles, spurred by backing vocals from the Raeletts, sounds like he's reeling off a personal tale of devotion rather than singing someone else's lyric. The Raeletts provide an edge to side one's New York sessions, with the Jack Halloran Singers sitting in on side two's Hollywood takes. Both album sides yielded hit singles, including a pained reading of \\"Take These Chains From My Heart,\\" and a slow, mournful take on \\"Your Cheating Heart.\\" As with the first volume, Charles finds a directness in country songwriting that matches the expression he developed with the blues.    Country music and Charles' career each received a boost from these albums. Nashville expanded its audience outside its core region, Nashville songwriters found new ears for their songs, and Charles gained an influx of fans who might otherwise have never bought R&B records. These were all lasting marks, as Charles' fame continued to expand, and country music gained new flavors for its crossover dreams. Concord's reissue includes the two volumes' original twenty-four tracks, full-panel cover art (front and back!), original liner notes for each, and new liners by Bill Dahl. Volume one previously appeared as a standalone CD in the 1980s, but the complete volume two only appeared on the (out-of-print) box set [[ASIN:B00000C41G The Complete Country & Western Recordings 1959-1986]]. This single disc is the perfect way to get Charles' 1962 country sessions in one sweet package. [©2009 hyperbolium dot com]
1400064287|4.0|Normal people, with normal jobs, with great ideas that STICK. This is the premise of this well-written book about how and why some ideas work, and others fail. As someone who works with non-profits, I enjoyed this book alot, especially in light of its simplicity in presentation and ideas to assist in GETTING to a \\"sticky\\" idea - one that will work for whatever your aim may be. Lots of good tips, with great examples. Probably a bit on the dry side if you're not interested in marketing, but I enjoyed it very much. Lots of useful information that I will take with me.
B001TOD92C|3.0|I thought The Wrestler was a decent film and Mickey Rourke's performance is what sealed the deal.  He did a great job in portraying a wrestler who's seen his glory days and is just hanging on to survive.  Rourke gives a very subtle, nunanced performance that comes across so naturally.<br /><br />While I didn't really care for the film as a whole, it's basically about Rourke's character The Ram and his performance more than made up for any kind of holes in the film itself.  Don't expect to be blown away by the film but if you want to enjoy a moving portrayal of a guy who's down and out yet doesn't feel sorry for himself, I think it's a good film to watch.
B000001EKX|5.0|kiss' sophmore effort takes up where the debut left off.in 1974 there was nothing else like it. don't really understand the reviews about the sound and productionthough. the 96 remasters sort of took care of that.
B000GGSMF8|3.0|This style isn't for everyone; its almost what I would say is European pop mix, just done in a style that leaves one with a better relief in the dreaded classification of \\"pop\\" music.
B00000AFGM|4.0|I wouldn't call myself a big fan of Marilyn Manson, but I listen to them relatively often, and this is the band's best album.   As rollingstone put it, it's an album that even well adjusted adults might appreciate. It contains the bands most complex music, as well as Manson's best, most personal lyrics.   It contains several classic Manson songs, including Great Big White World, The Dope Show, The Speed of Pain, I don't like the drugs (but the drugs like me) and my favorite Manson song, Coma White.   I played a lot of these songs for my friend who's very against Marilyn Manson, without telling him who it was, and he asked me to burn the album for him, and when he found out it was Marilyn Manson he said \\"well, now I'm a fan.\\" It deserves to be listened to.
B001EAWMGA|4.0|I know that this movie was supposedly in very limited run, but I never heard of it until it was available on DVD.  Very good story, top notch special effects, great acting, and a superb score.  To say that I was pleasantly surprised is an understatement.  I would recommend this movie to any Sci-Fi or action flick fan.  It's certainly better than many movies it's been compared to (i.e. Beowulf, Pathfinder, etc..).  My only gripe is that the DVD is somewhat sparce and the print is only decent.  Would love to see this film get a proper Blu-Ray treatment.
B001V9LRV0|2.0|I am continually astonished at how often people who seem to have no understanding of or respect for music and, in this case, film, are charged with assembling a product like the new edition of Michael Wadleigh's brilliant \\"Woodstock\\" film. Everything about this product (and I'm speaking specifically of the expanded edition in conventional DVD format) is poorly conceived and shows a careless disregard for the content. The production team has leaned so heavily on the most banal and tasteless kitsch in the design and packaging of this set that I'm left to wonder if the results are simply a prank or even some clever sociology experiment. It's difficult to imagine that it could have come out worse than it has. Warner Brothers does not respect this music or the film that was made of and around it.     That's a shame, too. Regardless of the subject matter, the film itself is beautiful in conception and realization. If you're interested, read the 1999 book \\"Woodstock\\", edited by Dale Bell. It's a fascinating account about how Wadleigh and his team produced the motion picture.     The present print, as other reviewers have suggested, is poor. The 25th Anniversary Director's Cut (1994, I guess, right?) is superior. I'm not smart enough to tell anyone about the reasons that a film image does or doesn't fill a television screen, but the 16:9 ratio image on the 1994 copy does and the same 16:9 ratio image on the current edition doesn't come close. Absolutely inexplicable. Why in the world would the Warner Brothers folks approve this product?     Even having known in advance all the poor attributes of this new edition of \\"Woodstock\\", though, I still would have bought it in order to see the new footage. Like many of you, I couldn't help myself. Had to have it. I especially appreciate the clip of the Grateful Dead running through Merle Haggard's \\"Mama Tried\\" and the additional footage of the Airplane*. I even learned about \\"Buzzy\\" Feiten, a young (at the time) guitar hot shot who makes an appearance with the Butterfield Blues Band.     * One improvement I really hoped to have seen in the new edition of the film was the restoration of the complete clip of Jorma Kaukonen's \\"Uncle Sam Blues\\" (his performance, with some of the rest of the Airplane; not his composition). Its first inclusion with the original Director's Cut was in truncated form, the guitar solo having been trimmed out almost entirely. No such luck. It hasn't changed. Perhaps the complete take doesn't exist on film. I have to think that, more likely, no one at Warner Brothers takes enough interest in the matter to have noticed it was edited in the first place.
B00007L4MJ|5.0|One of my favorite films. It's been well-reviewed before, so I won't say much, except that it is required viewing for anyone interested in film--writing, production, acting, any aspect. This restored, authorized edition is by far the best and is a treasure. But, I cannot wait (thank you Will for the info), for the new edition with the newly-found footage, which I think is scheduled for 2010. I love German expressionism. This is its icon.
0439023483|5.0|With 435 existing Amazon reviews about this book already, maybe I'm just adding to the noise, but Suzanne Collins's THE HUNGER GAMES is the best book I've read in quite a while.    First off, having read many other reviews of this book, both from Amazon and professional reviewers, I see that this book has been slammed by some as being a rip-off of several, or even dozens of, other books / movies.  I suppose if I had read some of these other books, I might feel less impressed by this title - or maybe not.  This year's Newbery Medal winner, THE GRAVEYARD BOOK by Neil Gaiman, was an admitted rip-off of THE JUNGLE BOOK.  However, Gaiman transformed it into something entirely new.  Likewise, John Christopher obviously used THE WAR OF THE WORLDS as the basis for his phenomenal Tripods Trilogy / Quartet, but made it into something new as well.  Many other children's / YA books could be seen as rip-offs of previous books (though probably unjustly so) - Gary Paulsen's HATCHET is very much like the little-known earlier book STRANGE COMPANION by Dayton O. Hyde.  THE CITY OF EMBER seems inspired by H. M. Hoover's even better book, THIS TIME OF DARKNESS.  And, though they each stand on their own just fine, several of Gloria Whelan's recent novels with strong female leads seem like direct knockoffs of... well... Gloria Whelan's earlier books with strong female leads.  So, in reviewing this book, there seem to be two major categories of reviewers - those who've encountered some of these earlier works (BATTLE ROYALE, RUNNING MAN, LORD OF THE FLIES, THE LONG WALK, and others), and those who have not.  Since I have not read most of these (though I love LORD OF THE FLIES), I can't compare THE HUNGER GAMES to them.    Others have criticized this book for being too predictable, though children's / YA books are supposed to have at least a bit of predictability - otherwise, we wouldn't have what is known as a story arc with the introduction of a problem, rising action, climax, and resolution.  I've read a handful of books that \\"don't seem to be going anywhere,\\" and I've hated them.  Collins did do a fair amount of foreshadowing, something I think is great to use with students in reading and studying books together, helping them develop their own skills of prediction in books.  If I was using this book with students (which I won't, as it's too \\"mature\\" for my fourth graders), I would definitely use it with the context of foreshadowing.  (spoiler alert) I was able to predict the change in the rules of the game (though it happened much later than I thought it might), the double-suicide threat (How many times was the term \\"star-crossed lovers\\" used?), and that Cato would likely be the last opponent left for a big battle scene - for me, the ability to predict these things MIGHT happen did not take away from the story.    I will leave the other reviewers to handle the summarizing of this book, but I thought THE HUNGER GAMES had all the elements of great storytelling - lots of character development, maximized action and conflict, inventiveness, conflicting emotions, and great lessons for the reader (sticking to your beliefs, helping others when possible, believing in yourself, and others).  I'm greatly looking forward to reading CATCHING FIRE, book two in the trilogy, upon its upcoming release - can't wait!
B00004D3C1|5.0|Fu Manchu is like no other!  Thanks to Jesse James, I'm hooked on their tunes!!!
0930289234|4.0|Like many others, I was introduced to Watchmen by the Zack Snyder film. While waiting for the DVD to be released, I picked up a copy of the graphic novel. I've not read a comic or graphic novel since I was a kid, but this was brilliant.<br />For anyone put off by the fact that it is a superhero story, understand that it is more Batman Begins than it is Spiderman. Dark, morbid, a sharp critique of human political beliefs and a delve into the psychology of the different types of people compelled into putting on tights and a mask and chasing robbers. The fanboy armed with gadgets; the abused child with an unwavering sense of right and wrong and no qualms about how criminals should be punished; the sociopath who uses crimefighting as an excuse to murder and assault people; and the superhuman who everyday becomes more super and less human.<br />It's a fantastic read for anyone who has:<br /><br />- Ever enjoyed a superhero story,<br />- Ever enjoyed a crime mystery story,<br />- Wonders how things might have been had Nixon covered up Watergate and stayed on to further destroy the world,<br />- Ever been engrossed by contrasting and well written characters.<br /><br />Don't be a snob and avoid it because it's a comic/graphic novel. Embrace the fantastic story it tells.
B0020MKTOS|3.0|\\"Gran Torino\\" begins with a grim, crusty, bigoted Clint Eastwood (Walt Kowalski) who has just become a widower. Living with him must have been an act of penance for his devoutly Catholic wife. A very persistent boyish-looking priest in his late twenties has promised Clint's wife that he'll get the old codger to confession.<br />He has two sons and some grandkids who are self-centered, mean, and hateful, but they are also rubrics rather than real people. With a patriarch like Eastwood, it's little wonder they turned out so nasty.<br />He lives in a well-kept single family home in a nice neighborhood that's been taken over by Southeast Asians (Hmongs). Clint's prize possessions are an antique Ford Gran Torino (he worked on the Ford Detroit assembly line for many years) and an M-1 rifle from his service in Korea.<br />Over the years Eastwood's voice has grown hoarser, more gravelly, more strained and harder to distinguish. He's a dinosaur of the American film industry but still a national treasure.<br />The plot is formulaic, melodramatic and predictable. Eastwood is gradually won over by his Asian neighbors, especially the son and daughter next door. He becomes a mentor for the son and has to prevent the boy from becoming prey for the local Asian gang. Eastwood at first resorts to his guns with vestiges of his Dirty Harry image coming to the fore.<br />Eastwood has perfected a screen persona that is difficult for him to step out of. Even his walk is iconic. It probably would be better for him to let someone else direct a picture like this so it wouldn't turn into a star vehicle.<br />The ending is a surprise in a movie that needs a jolt of originality. It's not a bad movie, but it's not great either.
B000RPTQ1C|5.0|This and A Rush of Blood to the Head are the two best Coldplay albums in my opinion (and that alone is saying a lot for a band where even their EP's are better than many other artist's full-length albums). The album is imaginative, fun, and emotional. It makes you want to fall in love all over again. I actually like every track on it and that rarely happens. I even love some of the tracks that didnt make the album (Prospekt's March). If you liked anythin by Coldplay, you will love this album. If you never heard Coldplay before, you most likely will like this album. If you hate everything by Coldplay, then you do not know what you are missing. If heaven had a soundtrack, Coldplay would be it. My top 3 favorite tracks are #5 Lovers in Japan, #8 Violet Hill, and #9 Strawberry Swing. This is one of the few album purchases that you probably wont regret.
B001TODCII|4.0|Liam Neeson does a great job playing a former bodyguard and father who is looking for his abducted daughter.  Famke Janssen plays his hateful ex-wife.  She does a really good in the role, so much so that it makes you want to slap her.  I liked her character Jane in the X-Men movies a lot better ([[ASIN:B000HEVZ9E X-Men Trilogy (X-Men/ X2 - X-Men United/ X-Men - The Last Stand)]].  You will want to slap Maggie Grace, too, but for the wrong reason.  Grace does a horrible job acting like a seventeen-year-old (she is really in her late twenties).  She wears clothes an eleven-year-old would wear and runs like an idiot.  I guess that is the way she thinks teenage girls run.  I was so glad when she was abducted because she was getting on my nerves.  Her acting was getting so bad that I felt like turning the movie off, but after she was \\"taken\\" the rest of the movie was great.  This movie is filled with intense action, and it doesn't take a break until the end.  Then you have to deal with Grace's obnoxious acting again.  The ending didn't feel right to me either, but over all I really enjoyed this movie.
0385340575|4.0|I was really reluctant to purchase this book, given that Child's previous [[ASIN:044024367X Nothing to Lose (Jack Reacher, No. 12)]]was such a clunker. He may have redeemed himself with [[ASIN:0385340575 Gone Tomorrow (Jack Reacher, No. 13)]]. Mr. Childs performed a bit of CPR on Jack Reacher and brought him back to life. If you enjoyed the earlier \\"Reacher\\" novels, you'll enjoy this one.
B0028T6XXY|4.0|I've seen Michael in Concert five times in the last four years and, to be honest, was looking forward more to seeing the DVD for the \\"backstage footage\\" and NOT dissapointed at all! It gives you a good and honest view of Michael; love for his family, music, the Band, friends, stressed out with performing, as well as some fantastic concert footage.       Yes, I agree somewhat with the Concert CD not sounding the best...bad reproduction maybe? What do those at the actual Concert think?  Also, I love his new song...Stardust...and can't wait for his new CD and next Tour!     A True Fan Forever...!
B00005OM4K|5.0|So, your wondering, get this one or the 40th anniversary box set. Well, I have had this box set for some time and it's pretty good. Sure the bonus tracks are on the newer box set but I got all those CD's at a great discount and not bothering to get the 40th ann version, why buy them over, this has them, sure you miss the remaster bonus tracks but this one gives you all the albums released as well as early tracks (that don't seem to appear on the 40th box). Also, so the \\"Live\\" disc's don't sound really great! they never did on vinyl and personally CCR was not a great \\"Live\\" band in my opinion where as John solo is great \\"Live\\". I grew up listening to these guys along with The Guess Who and Three Dog Night in which I probably listened to more CCR then the other two bands so, I really recommend buyers to get this one, for me it was a no brainer but already owning the recent remasters, I will not bother getting the 40th ann box, also the price will be better on this one ;-) so what are you waiting for, get this one, you'll be glad you did!<br /><br />Visit my mini website sometime and say \\"Hi\\" Google it \\"Judemac Forever\\"
B000DN5W4I|3.0|But the music is incredible. Joe is the man on the guitar, but the camera spent just as much time on the bass player and drummer as they did on Joe. I didn't spend money to watch the backup players. Don't get me wrong, the backup guys were awesome too, it's just that I didn't pay to see them. Overall, Joe puts on a great show, and I'm anxious to see him in October when he come to Atlanta. I bought this DVD to get a preview of what I might get to see, and I'm excited. I would just say he needs to find new producers for future DVDs. It was hard to watch.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|What a solid movie and solid performance by Clint Eastwood.  This is a gripping tale of family greed, racism, and ultimately self sacrifice that will stay on your mind for a while.  It is a movie where people move past a layer of racism and embrace each other for who they are.  Sometimes the people that you grow up hating the most are actually more like you than your family.  This is a must watch movie that grips you from the beginning and leaves you satisfied at the end.
B00005Y7KX|5.0|I was delighted with the quick service, the quality of the product and the availability that Amazon provided.  I had been looking a long time for a copy that I had misplaced and I was told that it was out of print.  I logged onto Amazon and they were able to find it quickly and sent it in less then a week.  From now on I will start with Amazon.
B000UAFDP2|2.0|Like several of the negative reviewers, I also found that the disc would not play on my brand new Sony BDP 350. First I'd like to thank the reviewers here who explained the nature of the problem. For those as novice-y as I was, here's the deal. On the back of your Sony, there is a recessed slot about 1\\"x0.5\\" with a USB port in it (USB ports are probably also to be found on your computer). All that you need is a standard flash drive plugged in there, the same kind of flash drive commonly sold at drugstores (I used a Duracell flash drive bought at Wallgreens). The only hitch is the recessed socket: it is just barely big enough to get a USB plug into it, but too small for some flash drives to fit (i.e., the plug will fit in the socket, but the casing the flash drive is in is too big for the hole the socket is mounted in). This is maddening but fixable too. If you cannot get a flashdrive that is narrow and flat enough to fit in the hole (many manufacturers are putting them in bigger cases for aesthetic reasons) you can save the day with a male-to-female USB cable extension, which is what I did (because I happened to have one around). You can probably get either a drive that fits, or if you already have one that doesn't, the cable extension, at Radio Shack. Second, big thumbs down to Sony: they are responsible for the format, the player AND the film, and it's inexcusable that their design required this--everything should \\"just work.\\"
B0000041Q3|5.0|I had been looking for this version for some time and was glad to see that I could purchase it at Amazon. It is truly one of the great opera recordings of all time with Dame Sutherland as Turandot. Also in the cast are Pavarotti, Caballoe, Ghiaurov, Kruase and Pears and the London Philharmoin Orchestra conducted ny Zubin Mehta. Thank you Amazon for having this available.
B001P5Q6FC|4.0|I really like this album. I thought Sacrament got boring and Randy's vox had weird production done to them. Here it seems like he can hit all the different growl ranges, even the deeper ones. I think it has the raw power of Palaces but with the production of Ashes. An overall assessment of their catalog so far: Gospel was an awesome Chris Adler clinic, Palaces was under produced but still stood out anyway, Sacrament was over produced, Ashes had good production but lacked showcasing the bands potential, and now Wrath is the bands most complete album to date.
0312330529|1.0|The man obviously had some interesting life experiences, but he is obviously so very, very pleased with himself, drunk on his own word-smithery, shouting his humility from the rooftops.  Every single sentence and observation is designed, less to tell a story, and more so the author can shine a spotlight on the poetry of his soul.  But don't take my word for it.  Here's a quote from the author's website: \\"In poetry, as in my prose work, I'm something of a neo-classicist. I follow a complex rhyming structure, and arrange all of my allegorical, symbolical, and metaphorical elements in accordance with an elaborately articulated artistic matrix.\\"  Great artists do not have an \\"elaborately articulated artistic matrix\\"; they just write.  On just one page in this 900+-page monster, I wished he would skip the heavy-handed and self-aggrandizing  \\"allegorical, symbolic, and metaphorical elements,\\" and just tell a story.  The moon symbolized love, the ocean symbolized love, love symbolized love... and then we ate some rancid goat meat, got high for three months, and escaped death -- again.
031606792X|1.0|I don't know what to say, I feel robbed of the story and the characters that I liked so much in the first 3 books.    At first I wouldn't believe the negative reviews, so of course I had to go and read it because I was so doubtful that the book actually sucked, but to be honest I don't know how I managed to finish it... All the characters, Jacob, Edward, Bella, Charlie, they were all... mutilated, tortured, killed, it's like someone other than the author took over and decided they were going to have fun damaging such a beautiful story. I'm glad I'm not alone in this disappointment, though that doesn't ease the pain of watching a wonderful and beautiful saga to hell.     Personally, I'll only ever validate the 3 previous books as legit, as far as I'm concerned, this was just a lame fanfic I read.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|We all have gotten to know Clint Eastwood through his handiwork.  The countless early Western TV shows and movies he starred in introduced him to us.  His role changed from Star to Superstar in his epic depictions of \\"Dirty Harry,\\" the hard boiled Inspector of Homicide.  Since those days, we have seen his excellence as a director in many more excellent dramas and Westerns.<br /><br />Although controversial, we peered into his morality and sense of caring above and beyond the cultural senses of morality in Million Dollar Baby.<br /><br />And now, at the age where you would think that Dirty Harry would be merely lolling in retirement, drinking his beer and smoking his cigarettes on a front porch, Clint Eastwood directs and stars in a movie where he IS in retirement drinking beer and smoking cigarettes on the front porch, snarling at everyone, his neighbors, his war experiences, and his own family!<br /><br />In Gran Torino, he shows that it is possible to teach an old dog new tricks.  Ever steeped in hatreds, bigotries and racial stereotyping, he is slowly changed by his Hmong immigrant neighbors.  As he takes a young teenage Hmong under his wing (although in the beginning it was done to protect the only thing he truly loves, his vintage, mint condition 1972 Gran Torino,) he steers young Thao away from the aimless Gang-bangers and \\"Mans\\" Thao up.  (Accordingly to his learned, inherited flawed standards.)  While doing so, he discovers that on the human emotional side, he truly has a lot more in common with the Immigrant Ethics than he has with his own kin!<br /><br />As \\"Walt\\" softens and learns to appreciate the Immigrant's generosity and hospitality, we see the true heart of our \\"Dirty Harry.\\"  He has more purpose in life now than just hating everyone and loving his Gran Torino.  When young Thao is \\"man enough\\" to go on a date, Walt even lets the young man (who preciously tried to steal his True Love) use his Gran Torino to take the young girl out on a date in style!<br /><br />And when the neighborhood gang threaten and try to kill the immigrant family, Walt lets out the Dirty Harry in himself, and sacrifices himself to protect the people who have adopted the \\"crusty old bastard\\" as one of them!<br /><br />Walt's last request was to give Thao his Gran Torino.  In the last scene when we see Thao driving Walt's old Gran Torino, the car with the grille that scowled like Walt used to do, the joy on Thao's face reveals that not only is Thao driving Walt's soul. but Walt's soul has been transplanted in young Thao!<br /><br />If anything that Clint Eastwood has done in this movie that is worthwhile is this:  To show how, in a changing America, that by embracing and celebrating the diversity in this country we all strengthen what this country is all about in the first place!  \\"One among many,\\"ng threaten and try to kill the immigrant family, Walt lets out the Dirty Harry in himself, and sacrifices himself to protect the people who have adopted the \\"crusty old bastard\\" as one of them!    Walt's last request was to give Thao his Gran Torino.  In the last scene when we see Thao driving Walt's old Gran Torino, the car with the grille that scowled like Walt used to do, the joy on Thao's face reveals that not only is Thao driving Walt's soul. but Walt's soul has been transplanted in young Thao!    If anything that Clint Eastwood has done in this movie that is worthwhile is this:  To show how, in a changing America, that by embracing and celebrating the diversity in this country we all strengthen what this country is all about in the first place!  \\"One among many,\\"
0061139378|3.0|This book is definitly way too scary for kids.  I'm an adult and I was very scared.  It is well written, however, and a real page turner.  It's sick and twisted though.  Maybe a 12 year old could take it, but I wouldn't give it to anyone younger than that.
B000SMWUPS|5.0|Allows you to have items close and easy to grab as you push the stroller. In mine I keep my blackberry, a cloth to wipe the drool from baby's mouth which is a constant effort, and a snack bar for me and a bottle for baby.
0743486285|5.0|I grew up listening to Motley Crue but wasn't the biggest fan of Nikki's. However this book is so true of the disease of addiction! I bought it and read it within a couple of days. Then to see my husband, who barely reads a magazine article, read it within a week! It is that gripping! I've already read it several times as well as friends and family.
0316776963|5.0|Priceless Advice to you all : get it on tape, he has the cute little boy voice and he does various impressions of whomever he is telling the story about.   Some are better than others but there are several that made roll with laughter.   I loved hearing about his dad and all of his wierd packrat habits and his clark griswold like optimism   His little sister Amy who lives with her imaginary boyfriend and likes to play mean, bizarre pranks on people.    fav essays were Youth in Asia , Go Carolina and the last one where his dad only most eats his hat.   the one about his drug use was devastating and bothered me alot because everything was so funny and then he starts on such a serious topic..But I think it was brave that he put it his novel.   If you like dry funny conversational essays, you will enjoy this.
B000SM7QUC|5.0|I enjoyed the CD so much because it seems like a new mix to an old sound that catches you. And it goes well with the book with out trying to reach~
B001FB4W0W|4.0|I liked it.  It got here on time and I enjoyed every minute of it.
B001PPLJIQ|5.0|This is a superb movie all around, with a superb story (deeper the more one thinks of it) with excellent script & acting to go with it. Kate Winslet's performance as a cold German you still can't help but care about was more than excellent, the only word I have for it is \\"awesome\\". I think this film puts her in the same league as the best actors of our time.    For me the film was a puzzling, moving and profound experience because it somehow made a little more sense to me of how the Germans, creators of such high art & culture, were able to perform such horrors with seemingly little self doubt and guilt. Can we take as credible Hanna's appreciation of fine literature and music and at the same time her crimes with seemingly insufficient remorse? Yes, maybe, if we can comprehend what, if I'm not making an error of stereotype, I can only call a strong German sense of duty which I think was personified in simple, uneducated Hanna. Let me put it this way. I use to laugh, like everyone else, at the mocking \\"I vas only following orders!\\" sort of joke. After this fine film I will no more because now I see, to my horror, that they really meant it.
B001PPGAIA|5.0|This is one of my husband and mine's favorite movie, just watched it for the 4th time last night. Fantastic scenery, great adventure and a good love story. Also very informative regarding a historic practice that I was totally unaware of prior to this movie. Highly recommend this movie
006135323X|5.0|Quite honestly one of the most amazing books I have yet to read... thoroughly enjoyable, and actually life altering in magnitude!
B000000OAL|4.0|Rarely is a band's first album one of their best works ever.  Their sound will change and evolve, and as they become more aware of what they want their sound to be, so too will the audience, and they will be more open to this new band.  In Queen's case, their first album was not their best work.  However, at least for me, it ranks up their as one of their better works.  While their eponymous debut leaves a lot to be desired, Queen sparkles on this record as a group that's not afraid to experiment on their first outing.  On the poorer moments, the music is OK, but on the better moments, the music is nothing short of wonderful.    The album kicks off in a rocking fashion with \\"Keep Yourself Alive\\", a piece that would become the template for hard rock a la Queen.  The guitar work on this song is nothing short of incredible, so much so that the dynamic opening has placed high on Rolling Stone Magazine's list of the greatest guitar moments.  It is followed by a softer piece, \\"Doing All Right\\", that was written by Brian May and Timothy Staffel, the bassist of Smile, the band May and Taylor had previously been in.  It's airy, glam feeling is deceptive, though; in the space of a minute it changes from soft pop to folk rock to a screeching heavy metal section, only to change again several more times; a true demonstration of the many facets of the band.    The other two pieces by May follow suit, albeit with one song being the lighter piece and the other the rocker.  \\"The Night Comes Down\\" shows off May's rarely-heard acoustic guitar skill with a solo at the opening and closing.  Filled with mysticism and reminiscence of childhood, it is probably the gentlest and tamest moments on the record.  Far different is his final contribution, \\"Son and Daughter\\", which starts off almost like a blues song, but then changes to a glam-metal esque rocker that would be popular at live shows.  In between these two songs is Taylor's sole composition, \\"Modern Times Rock 'n' Roll\\".  This is notthe same Taylor who wrote \\"Radio Ga Ga\\" and \\"A Kind of Magic\\"; this is a younger, more rebellious Taylor whose abrasive rocker about the musical revolution could be considered the first punk rock song, with its fast nature and simple, straightforward lyrics.    Freddie Mercury's pieces are some of the best moments on the album, featuring a mix of heavy rock and a more experimental facet.  \\"Great King Rat\\" combines these two styles beautifully.  The lyrics are an animal all to themself; while starting off with the story of a dead hobo, they transistion to words that are anti-religious, warning all: \\"Don't believe all you read in the Bible\\".  This attitude finds its counter-part in \\"Jesus\\", which tells the story of the Messiah's journey throughout the Holy Land.  It is ironic that Mercury, an Indian and a Zoroastrian, would be writing about Christianity, but the lyrics are good and the music is interesting.    His best work on the album comes in tracks 4 and 5.  \\"My Fairy King\\" is the first of several songs to deal with Mercury's fantasy world of Rhye.  With the beautiful multi-tracked vocals and the operatic instrumental interludes, this piece seems to be one of the main ancestors of the band's smash hit, \\"Bohemian Rhapsody\\".  \\"...Rhapsody\\" also owes its origins to the following track, \\"Liar\\", a rocker that constantly shifts time signatures and dances on a fine line between prog rock and metal.  Both songs show Mercury at peak condition and demonstrate his versatility at lyrical and musical composition.  Concluding the album is a short instrumental of what would become the band's first big hit, \\"Seven Seas of Rhye\\".  There is little that is different from the final version, other than the lack of vocals, and it serves to relieve any psychological tension built up when listening to this thrill ride of a record.    The bonus tracks are at best decent, offering little more than a perspective of the band's early recordings.  \\"Mad the Swine\\", a Mercury composition, is alightweight glam rock piece about a good samaritan/missionairy who comes to the people with food, drink, and the word of God.  I personally found it extrememly boring to listen to, and after the first time listening to the album, it will undoubtedly be skipped over by listeners.  The \\"Long-Lost Take\\" of \\"Keep Yourself Alive\\" is an interesting alternate version of the opening song, with parts never heard before that showcase the band's creative skill.  The last song, a remix of \\"Liar\\", is not all that different from the original, with naught but a touch of electronics mixed into the drum passages and behind Mercury's vocals.    Overall this record is quite enjoyable and shows what the band would become in future years.  Much of the glam rock sound would be dropped by the band on later albums, so this album captures the band at its earliest stylings.  To understand the Queen sound, this is the album to start with.  Noted, this album is NOT for those who preferred the band's more commercial sound.  \\"Queen I\\" is more akin to a mix of Deep Purple, David Bowie, and ELP, and is not palatable by all.  However, I strongly encourage it for those who are interested in all eras of Queen.
B0000047BA|5.0|Imagine it's 1 am in a big city and you are walking down a street that has a number of brightly lit clubs/bars where the typical bands are playing the typical covers of \\"classic\\" rock to the typical crowds.<br /><br />You make a wrong turn at one corner and end up near some steep steps that seemingly lead to some gig that's going on. You follow the muffled sounds, open the door and in a room that barely has room for a stage is a group cranking out some of the grittiest blues you have ever heard....it was well worth getting lost to find this hot spot.<br /><br />That is the feel from this incredible 13-song movie soundtrack. The music is composed by the legendary Jack Nitzsche and features Miles Davis and John Lee Hooker each on 10 tracks, with the iconic duo performing on nine numbers. The supporting cast of musicians include bassist Tim Drummond, guitarist Taj Mahal and drummer Earl Palmer.<br /><br />Hooker growls through his two gems of solo performances - Harry's Philosophy, Moanin' - but the longest cut, End Credits (5:19), is where the fireworks explode loud and proud; Davis tears through his trumpet part, while Hooker, Taj Mahal and Drummond push the artistry to incredible heights. Gloria's Story features fascinating interplay between Davis and keyboardist Bradford Ellis, while Taj Mahal seizes the lead vocal on the sizzling Bank Robbery.<br /><br />The liner notes from executive producer Dennis Hopper are interesting and describes the long road taken to get to the point of making this project a reality. The music stands alone as a testament to the power of the blues and the titans it brought together for this 1990 release.
158270208X|2.0|The book, itself, is lovely.  But it is JUST a journal.  With blank pages.  I thought it would be more of a \\"workbook,\\" with guidance from the author.  Nope.  Just pretty little blank pages.  Disappointing, as I'm not a big journaling person.
1582406723|5.0|If you're a fan of zombie lore, post-apocalyptic stories or just comics in general , Volume #1 of \\"The Walking Dead\\" is certainly a must buy and I'm still shaking my head in wonderment that I took so long to get started with this series!<br /><br />Volume #1 is a compilation of the first 6 issues of Robert Kirkman's zombie comics series.  The narrative is thrust forward at full speed within the first few pages and the setup of story, setting and characters is about as painless as can be expected for such a sprawling, epic storyline.  I also enjoyed the art style utilized in this volume with its seemingly 'flat' standard comic book look meshed in with intricate illustrative background detail and its gloomy black and white tone.  My only complaint about this book is the beginning moments of the story which seem cribbed straight from the film, \\"28 Days Later.\\"  If you can look past this one point (as i did) a great comic experience lies ahead!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Not a Slipknot fan but my son is. He loved it. Came quickly and in great condition.
B001KVZ6ES|5.0|It surprised me to laugh at some parts of this movie - parts meant to be funny and even some not meant to be funny. (Clint Eastwood's ire-filled character is a walking dictionary of vulgar slang, which he uses unsparingly without apologies.)<br /><br />Aside from what you likely have already read, worth mentioning is that this film is about personal growth. You'll see it in Walt (Eastwood) and Thao (Bee Vang). Observe how they change for the better - mature - then do some self-reflection.<br /><br />I think most of us out there can afford to learn from this story.
0446615641|5.0|I really enjoyed Stone Cold and particulary the characters of Harry Finn and Oliver Stone.  I was glad to find out that there is another chapter to the story with Divine Justice.  Stone Cold had so many twists and turns, but it still was a well written story that flowed easily.  It is not difficult to understand the entire Camel Club story even if you start on this book.  Very entertaining book.
1416511946|5.0|This is my favorite biography! It's actual entries from one of Nikki Sixx (Motley Crue) diaries while he was going through a phase of drug and heroin addiction in 1987. The book starts on Christmas 1986 and then follows through till the end of 1897 which covered Motley's 'Girls, Girls, Girls' Tour.<br /><br />This is a very twisted book with many angles to interpret it from. It's has a surreal humor at several points as Nikki describes the effect of the drugs and the \\"Mexicans with army helmets hiding in the trees constantly trying to break into his house\\" and the puns that Motley pulled on tour (like lighting hotel doors on fire and then blaming other people!).<br /><br />The fact that the book is based off of real events and actual writings from Nikki makes the book extremely sad and intense. There are even times when Nikki himself comments on an entree and is actually clueless on what he meant!<br /><br />This book also inspired the album \\"The Heroin Diaries Soundtrack\\" by Sixx:A.M. (Nikki Sixx, James Michaels, and DJ Ashba). All the songs on the album are based off of feelings that were felt back in 1987 and while creating the book. If you've read the book you'll notice there are several sections of lyrics that were taken from the dairy entrees.<br /><br />I recommend this book to anyone, regardless if your a Motley Crue fan or not! The book is loaded with commentaries from Nikki, the band, and the people in his life as they read the entrees themselves. The pages are visually eye-catching with drawings, photos, and artwork (it's not just text).
B001NXBRJG|4.0|I recommend The Matrix on Blu-ray, as does blu-ray(dot)com.  4.5 out of 5 stars.<br /><br />A/V. The 1080p video quality is excellent.  I don't know if it was remastered for BD because the DVD quality is great too.  The audio in Dolby TrueHD 5.1 is also excellent; the best feature of this disk. The Matrix won Academy Awards for best sound and best sound effects editing in 1999.<br /><br />DELIVERY. Good menu interactivity.  The booklet has grainy pictures and typical bios of the stars, trivia, and an egotistical essay.  Sub-par graphic design.<br /><br />SUPPLEMENTS. The are several entertaining SD supplements which have been described elsewhere, they are mostly the same as on DVD.  There is one unusual supplement, \\"The Music Revisited,\\" that is a massive collection of songs, almost entirely electronica or ambient music.  The \\"In-movie Experience\\" shows PIP selections from the special features as the film plays, which is great, except for the permanent logo in the upper-left corner of the screen, which could cause burn-in on some displays.  Another trait the Wachowski brothers share with the Coen brothers is that they don't like to talk about their movies, so there is no commentary from them here.  An interesting replacement are commentary tracks by philosophers, another by critics, another by a small group of cast/crew, and one by the composer.
0385335989|5.0|I love the Outlander Series!  And this book is no exception!  Diana takes us on another wild ride with no guess as to where it will go next!  I must read!
B001TODCII|5.0|Say what you will but this was a really good watch. Yes, it had plot holes and other things wrong with it but was highly entertaining and very fast paced once the action got started. It helped that I am a big fan of Liam's as I don't think a number of other \\"BIG NAME\\" actors could have done as well but then I don't think a lot of them are NEAR as talented as he is.
B001RTP3YQ|5.0|I am a new Leonard Cohen fan. As much as I love the arrangements, I am drawn to the lyrics and love to repeat the songs just to absorb his words. This is a must have CD.
B000RIWAVW|2.0|Hello, production values? In *several* scenes supposedly located in and around the town of \\"Haddonfield\\" Illinois, there are palm trees visible in the background. When the doctor makes a phone call supposedly from  rural Illinois, there are foothills and low mountains in the background. Sorry, I've been to Illinois; no mountains, no palm trees. All of which indicates the setting for this \\"horror classic\\" is not Illinois but good ol' SoCal. This might not be such a big deal except that the movie and those who tout it make so much out of the movie's \\"realism\\", and the \\"Midwest setting\\".<br />The story itself is very pedestrian. Admittedly, the acting and the direction are good. Some of the plot is downright inexplicable; for example, when Michael Myers suddenly gets a sense of humor in the middle of his killing spree, and disguises himself to the bimbo girlfriend by covering himself with a sheet and wearing the glasses of her just-murdered boyfriend. That zany Myers, what a goof! Yeah, and speaking of the just-mentioned murder, yeah that makes sense that Myers could lift up the guy by the chin with one arm, and nonchalantly swing his other arm hard enough to impale the guy against a door with a knife. It's called physics, guys, look into it. So much for realism.
0812580346|5.0|With ABC launching a series in the fall of 2009 based on FlashForward, I recently re-read Robert J. Sawyer's novel to get a fresh taste of what was coming and I can only say that if the series is true to the science and the characters and the philosophical underpinnings of the book, there is a truly great TV series on the way.  Rob combines discussions of actual scientific theories with mindblowing conflict happening to complex, flawed, realistic characters in ways that are riveting, educational, and exciting--not an easy task to do.  As a big fan of Rob's writing (my favorite is Calculating God), that was no surprise to me.  What was a surprise on rereading was how a book copyrighted in 1999 (and so probably written in the year or two before that) and set in 2009 was so spot on to so many things--maybe not every detail, but even pop trends and cultural phenomena are uncannily accurate, along with scientific details.  It really makes you wonder how accurate Sawyer's longer-term prognostications will be.  In any event, this is solid near future science fiction, compellingly told--a page-turner with a brain.  If I had to quibble about anything, it would be that like in his other books Rob underestimates how boorish and overwhelming the public and the paparazzi can be to famous people (perhaps he is just too nice a guy to portray the world that way).  We'll see if that changes as Rob becomes more and more famous himself.  In any case, read this book.  Watch this series.  You'll be glad you did.  Donald J. Bingle, Author of \\"Forced Conversion\\" and \\"GREENSWORD: A Tale of Extreme Global Warming.\\"
B0026NWBY2|4.0|Well I guess I,m getting old or something A greatest hits ain,t what it used to be. This is george Harrison music so its great music the problem here is this is more of A overveiw of his work than A greatest hits. There are About 8 songs on here that are not hits and there are about 8 songs that are hits or great album tracks that are missing, Well I guess you can,t Always get what you want. Very good remastering on the CD and excellent packaging and outstanding photos of George in the book you get THANK YOU STEVE HOMBACH..................................
B001FB4W16|5.0|PQ 4.5/5, AQ 4/5. Watched on a 42\\" and 50\\" Plasma and BD35 and LG BH200 BD player.<br /><br />Although I had not watched the show on HBO the 1st time it aired, we watched it on a BD set, as my girlfriend loves vampire-themed shows and books. She had read the Sookie Stackhouse series and enjoyed it very much.<br /><br />The show has very funny, engaging characters, and blends vampire lore with humor extremely well. I was hooked about episode 3, and enjoyed the dialogue and chemistry between the characters.<br /><br />As I am consistently immersed in technology, the step back to a simple time, with \\"normal\\" people was refreshing and more realistic than other shows on TV. The characters are hysterical, and the script is funny and witty which balances out the grim counter story of the vampire society. Though obvious, the paralells of the perils of discrimination against marginalized groups, is expertly interwoven in the Vampire vs. Human political rights fight, and is one of the most valuable aspects of the show. I highly recommend this show for anyone who loves vampires, or supernatural elements!
B001VPJYZK|4.0|Desperate Housewives - The Complete Fifth Season saw the show jumping 5 years ahead, I think it was a good change but by the end of the season, the storylines started getting ridiculous. I liked how Gaby lost her sex appeal and Carlos got his sight back. I didn't care for the whole Mike and Katherine new couple situation, they have no chemistry! Felicity Huffman is my favorite actress on this show but I didn't like how her character became so boring. I was very upset when Creator Marc Cherry killed off Edie played brilliantly by Nicolette Sheridan. The best episode of the season is the last one Sheridan is in, she was a force to be wrecken with, and she proved she could act - the show doesn't feel the same without her. I didn't care for the finale, Lynette is pregnant with twins again, c'mon!! Hopefully Season 6 will be the best year yet. 4 stars for Season 5.
B001N26GFM|5.0|Excellent movie. It brought me to tears. Can't beleive this really would happen, but it did. How sad.
B000NA28I4|3.0|Eragon is a movie with one powerful message.  You are stronger than you realize.  The scenes are beautiful, the action will keep you on the edge of your seat and the storyline is both inspiring and at times very touching.    Eragon is a farm boy (played by Ed Speleers) that finds a dragon's egg that leads him on a journey in which he defends his home from an evil king.  One of the villains of the film, Durza (played by Robert Carlyle) did a great job portraying his character and the makeup was, for lack of a better description, evil.    The movie was a bit too short and more could have been added, but for stunning visuals and a great story this is a good movie to see.
B00005S6K6|5.0|A movie that will make you think what love will really make you do. Add a little serandipity to it and you're hooked.
B001FB4W0W|4.0|Excellent show.  There were many additions that were not in the book and some were not necessary.  I guess for a TV show they needed to embellish but I found Tara distracting and did not like the change in Sookie's brother but on the whole I loved every episode.
0452289963|5.0|Even though I have read and worked through countless books on the subject for decades, I must say that Eckhart Tolle was able to bring about a profound shift within my thinking, perceiving and feeling, generating a higher level of conscious awareness into my daily living experience in literally  'no time'.   I urge every human being who can read to read the book and assimilate its contents, not only for ones own `betterment' but more importantly for the `rescuing' of the world we live in.
B00005BKZJ|5.0|I've seen \\"Bagdad Cafe\\" several times. I like it so much that I decided I \\"need\\" to have my own copy. Its an offbeat movie. One of my favorites.
B0029LHX1W|1.0|I bought this book to read on a plane trip to Europe, but abandoned it about 100 pages in and left it in the seat pocket in front of me.  Although some of the period detail is accurate, the attempt at describing ordinary life in the USSR is exaggerated and one-sided.  While the moral dilemmas of a policeman under Stalin were real, this ham-handed attempt at making the USSR into a fantasy horror story was too much for me to swallow.  I can't imagine anyone with a professional interest in history who would not be equally put off by the replacement of the real Soviet Union with the fantasy world that this young writer attempts.  This bears about as much resemblance to real historical fiction as Christopher Paolini's writings do to real science fiction and fantasy.  You have to give the writer credit, though, for successfully convincing some gullible readers and the publisher that this story ought to have seen the light of day.  I would never even consider recommending this or any other work by this author.
0316044695|5.0|Excellent page turner.  One of the best books I've read in the last few years.  Takes some weak shots at the \\"liberal media\\" that I don't think were necissarily valid, but based on the authors experience and upbrining, can certianly understand the opinion.
B0013FNC38|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I've gotten in a long time.  Careful, though!  These songs WILL get stuck in your head!  ...lucky I'm in love with my best friend...
B001GM28HO|4.0|Loved this entire CD. Will continue to listen to lady Gaga to see what type of performer she develops in to.
B001RTP3Z0|5.0|He jogs up the stairs to join the ensemble. Looking dapper & groomed in their suits, they are ready & eager to unleash Leonard's Lieder in this unusually vast 02 chamber. Even the lovely female vocalists are formally attired, setting a splendid visual standard for a night of a thousand harmonies. Everything about this extraordinary DVD impresses. There's the breathtaking cinematography, the expert & seamless editing that strikes a perfect balance between shots of Lenny, the musicians, the instruments as they are being played, the graceful backing singers and the appreciative audience.<br /><br />The lighting too, meets the mood of the music as it bathes the stage in [[ASIN:B000OPO6WY blue]], green, red, royal purple or golden brown. Instruments like the banduria and archilaud add new dimensions to the sound whilst the instrumental & vocal arrangements refresh and rejuvenate old songs. The angelic voices of Sharon Robinson & the Webb Sisters caress the lyrics throughout but with particularly arresting effect on Aint No Cure For Love, In My Secret Life, Anthem, Closing Time & [[ASIN:B000026HBS Hallelujah]].<br /><br />On the solemn [[ASIN:B001TKKAGO Who By Fire]] the camera perfectly complements the sounds of the archilaud, keyboards, stand-up bass and - most impressively - the sitar as Hattie Webb plucks the strings. The same happens with the harmonica on Hey That's No Way To Say Goodbye. What's more, the audience resonates with LC's every word between songs, whether it be witty or just wonderful. He wisely chooses wit when introducing the disturbing or apocalyptic ones like [[ASIN:B0012GMVDK The Future]] and Everybody Knows. The first part of the concert concludes with Anthem, a sublime collision of sound & vision with a lengthy outro in which Leonard acknowledges the individual musicians. He does that often throughout the performance.<br /><br />The proceedings resume with a good laugh or two whereupon Leonard humbly thanks the audience for keeping his songs alive down the years. Ecstatic applause erupts as he sings the ironic line \\"born with the gift of a golden voice\\" in [[ASIN:B000001EZK Tower of Song]]. Then the stage darkens for a melancholy Suzanne before a long banduria solo introduces The Gypsy's Wife on which he plays guitar. Next, [[ASIN:B00005Q45W Sharon Robinson]] brings soul to Boogie Street by singing lead. The studio recording of Hallelujah sounds like a demo compared to this version which flows, moves and embraces the listener within its exquisitely woven textures.<br /><br />Leonard recites some stanzas of [[ASIN:B0002M5TE8 Democracy]] before the ensemble renders it in a robust and rhythmic way; A Thousand Kisses Deep is recited in full with only keyboard backing. The stage comes alive for [[ASIN:B0000026J6 Take This Waltz]] as he interacts with the musicians before settling into a duet with the blonde Webb Sister that becomes an audiovisual delight. The upbeat mood lasts through a rousing rendition of So Long Marianne; it is abruptly displaced by the subdued resignation of Sisters of Mercy which is however, simultaneously tender and reassuring.<br /><br />For the third time, Leonard recites - the first few lines of [[ASIN:B0012GMW7A If It Be Your Will]]. Then he hands the prayer to the Webb Sisters who accompany themselves on harp and guitar for a supra-numinous performance. From the divine to the irreverent, the pace picks up for the buoyant Closing Time as the singers sway and the music swirls to the catchy tune. At the end, all the musicians join voices on the comforting conclusion Whither Thou Goest. July 17, 2008 was clearly a night to remember for those present. Fortunately, enough of the magic is captured here to make one watch this DVD over and over again. The booklet contains a gig review by John Aizlewood, plenty of full-color photographs, the track listing and credits. All the lyrics are available on the Disc itself.ic applause erupts as he sings the ironic line \\"born with the gift of a golden voice\\" in [[ASIN:B000001EZK Tower of Song]]. Then the stage darkens for a melancholy Suzanne before a long banduria solo introduces The Gypsy's Wife on which he plays guitar. Next, [[ASIN:B00005Q45W Sharon Robinson]] brings soul to Boogie Street by singing lead. The studio recording of Hallelujah sounds like a demo compared to this version which flows, moves and embraces the listener within its exquisitely woven textures.     Leonard recites some stanzas of [[ASIN:B0002M5TE8 Democracy]] before the ensemble renders it in a robust and rhythmic way; A Thousand Kisses Deep is recited in full with only keyboard backing. The stage comes alive for [[ASIN:B0000026J6 Take This Waltz]] as he interacts with the musicians before settling into a duet with the blonde Webb Sister that becomes an audiovisual delight. The upbeat mood lasts through a rousing rendition of So Long Marianne; it is abruptly displaced by the subdued resignation of Sisters of Mercy which is however, simultaneously tender and reassuring.     For the third time, Leonard recites - the first few lines of [[ASIN:B0012GMW7A If It Be Your Will]]. Then he hands the prayer to the Webb Sisters who accompany themselves on harp and guitar for a supra-numinous performance. From the divine to the irreverent, the pace picks up for the buoyant Closing Time as the singers sway and the music swirls to the catchy tune. At the end, all the musicians join voices on the comforting conclusion Whither Thou Goest. July 17, 2008 was clearly a night to remember for those present. Fortunately, enough of the magic is captured here to make one watch this DVD over and over again. The booklet contains a gig review by John Aizlewood, plenty of full-color photographs, the track listing and credits. All the lyrics are available on the Disc itself.
1594201927|2.0|The Ascent of Money is probably misnamed since the book describes, largely through historical examples, how the concept and practical reality of money has evolved through the ages.  Considering that we are in the midst of the Great Recession, affecting more people than even the Great Depression, it may be more appropriate to talk about the Descent of Money.<br />  Niall Ferguson aims for something close to the 'The Ascent of Man' series on humankind's scientific progress, but this is more history than any account of progress.  Karl Marx famously said that history repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce.<br />  The story of Money provides ample examples.  Ponzi schemes such as those bringing down the world economy in 2008-09 have been around at least since the 17th century, according to Ferguson, but there is little evidence that the nature of money has changed significantly to prevent such catastrophes.<br />  This book was completed in May 2008 but seems to foretell the Great Recession that has occurred since, and still ongoing.<br />  That is my only complaint - this book talks too much to how the Titanic is heading to an iceberg-filled sea, but essentially nothing of the tragic events that have followed since.<br />  He does mention Credit Default Swaps, but not enough about how big this had become a clear and present danger to the stability of the entire world economy.  It would have been good to get his account of how the collapse happened - the nationalization of the banks of the USA, the rescues of AIG and pretty much every large financial institution and his opinion of how Barack Obama's brave effort might (or might not) succeed in recovering us all.<br />  Yet the story is told with enough humor and drama to be enjoyable reading anyway.  I dont care much for Paul Krugman and was glad to find that Niall Ferguson  does not much either  and I relished the few shots he takes at that pompous, keep-looking-at-me-I-am-so-smart self-absorbed bore!<br /><br/> in fact neither Krugman, who pretends it is all government spending  nor Ferguson who thinks it is all capitalism  talk about the fundamental question of the modern political economy first pointed by Karl Marx  -  how should worker's wages relate to how much investors make -<br /><br />indeed, what, even in 2012, should be the relation between the<br /> 'Price of Labor' and the 'Return on Capital'  ?
B001CD6FKI|5.0|I'd seen Speed Racer as a kid in passing and it was cute, but the movie really caught my attention.  I've watched it now many times since it became available on t.v., and it always makes me smile.  Especially the connection between Speed and his brother Rex, they were at the heart of the movie, and right to the very end, it tugs at your heart.    I don't know why it didn't get better reviews.  It has action, heart, funny moments, nice effects, and is a movie you could watch with your kids. The kind of movie you walk away feeling good from.    Definitely a movie worth adding to one's collection, and in spite of the reviews and the box office, I still hope they will make a sequel to continue the story of the brothers.  I think the Wachowski brothers did a great job and hope they'll be back as well as the great cast, because they all contributed to it being a great movie, at least for some of us viewers.  Should they decide to make a sequel, I'll definitely be at the movies to see it with the other fans, and look forward to it.
0307266303|5.0|A Terrific book for current athletes, Has-beens and Ex athletes. It is exciting from page one and McDougall keeps you running the whole time, barefoot. I believe every word in the book and suffered all the typical runners injuries before throwing off my shoes and finishing a race barefoot, 2 miles on asphalt.  At 50 pounds overweight and 67 years too late,I just ordered my FiveFingers bare foot gloves.   This is the best summer reading book for anyone, for everyone. Thank you Christopher McDougall. I am Born Again to Run Again.
B000002UVX|5.0|i wore the first one out. this is without a doubt my all time favorite album ever...........
0375701427|4.0|Maybe I'll keep coming off as some MTV-attention-span reader (and I do like some long books, I swear!), but I think that this book, while marvelously detailed and most excellently written, should have been at least 100 pages shorter.  I found the endless descriptions of New Jersey history and the glove making industry a bit tedious.  It's to Mr. Roth's credit that I read every painstaking word, because he is so good, but I wish I knew less about it all.  I'm all for authenticity, and boy you get that in spades: I feel like the author lived and breathed NJ and glove making for, oh, the last 150 years.      I did find the entire first part's conceit, that some fellow schoolboy of the main character is writing a story about him, entirely without merit.  I wish PR would have just written it as the Swede's story and dispensed with the set up.  Seemed artificial, unnecessary, and was annoying to me.  And it is rather a story of white people, which is interesting and all, but there are all these stories and I suppose they have to be written, and win Pulitzer Prizes, but it did keep occurring to me throughout the book.      In any case, it was the characters and the story that I found most compelling, and he doesn't shortchange on that (there's a lot one can cover in 423 pages).  He's quite brilliant in his treatment of psychology and family history and immigrant issues and religious traditions.  And white middle class Americana.  It's a fabulous view into this version of America, as richly and gloriously and disastrously imagined as only an immigrant (/great writer) can.
B000QR15XS|5.0|Just for clarification, this is the first W.A.S.P. studio album that came out in 1984. Amazon says it was an \\"original release in 1998\\". While this particular release does have 3 added tracks, it is in fact simply a re-issue of the original 1984 album.
0393057240|5.0|The vibrancy and dialogue of Trainspotting is its forte.  It's a harrowing funny sneak into the life of junkies in Leith, Scotland, as told by a group of friends, each taking his turn to narrate.  The main junky, Rents, is a smart lost one, and despite his despair and reversals, you start feeling for him, wanting for him.  The structure of the book is loose and vignetty and doesn't always come together.  For example, the chapter on Dave and his revenge, or wee Nina's story, seem out of place as it's unclear how they fit into the group.  But other chapters, like the ones from Begbie's perspective, or Sick Boy's or Spud's, are fabulous for showing what it might be like to a reader who isn't more like Rents with philosophical Uni leanings.  But in the end, it was the language that got me.  I had to read the book out loud, at least in my head, to understand much of it, and ay wisnae always successful, ken, but I loved it, the slang, the pronunciation, the force of life on each page, every filthy witty piercing second.
B001VFEKOK|5.0|I am a huge Twilight fan and it really upsets me that the songs included on this CD differ according to the vendor you purchase them from. You get more songs from Amazon than you do from ITunes, but ITunes includes the other Rob Pattinson song \\"Let me Sign\\". I love the extras that came with the Amazon download, but it bites that if you want \\"Let me Sign\\" you have to pay for the album all over again. I have seen this on other movie CD's too. I think both the movie and the music is mesmerizing and can's get enough of either. Can't wait for New Moon.
B000EYK4KI|1.0|Although it says that it is a two-disc collector's edition; however, I only received one disc. Furthermore, the disc I received is actually the cast's interview and not the actual movie!
0060558121|5.0|This book is hard to label. It's science fiction, but it's not. It's fantasy but it's not, etc. What I can say without reservation is that it's an excellent novel, a sweeping, captivating story, and a plot with many hints and tangents that turn out to be meaningful in the end. If time permitted, I would read the book a second time just to pick up all the details I missed in the first reading.<br /><br />So what's the book about? Shadow, the main character, is released from prison, and runs into a man named Wednesday in a series of inexplicable coincidences. Shadow accepts a job as Wednesday's aide, which is the start of a series of strange encounters. Slowly it dawns on Shadow that the people he deals with are actually gods. Old gods, brought in from the old world by the successive waves of immigration. It also becomes clear that Shadow is a highly skilled con man who is not afraid to use these skills.<br /><br />Wednesday is preparing for war with a breed of modern gods, who are poised to take over the American pantheon. Shadow, a mere human, is carried away in a maelstrom beyond his control as he tries to make sense of what is going on. The story ramps up to a grand finale, as befits a story of the gods.<br /><br />Gaiman depicts his gods as predators, preying on humans, but their need to prey on humans makes them vulnerable once humans stop believing in them, or refuse to be preyed upon. The theme is an echo of Jean Ray's forgotten masterpiece, [[ASIN:B000T92KDW Malpertuis]], perhaps known by some in the movie version, [[ASIN:B000QQLV0G Malpertuis]], with Orson Welles.
B002DPH936|5.0|Murder. Cannibalism. Death. Obsession. Revenge. Blood. Goth makeup. And lots of razors -- \\"at last, my arm is complete again!\\" Sweeney Todd exults.<br /><br />Somehow it doesn't come as a shock to me that Tim Burton adapted Stephen Sondheim's musical \\"Sweeney Todd - The Demon Barber of Fleet Street\\" -- or that he somehow spun it into something so delicious. That dark, grotesque, hilariously melodramatic story is perfectly suited to Burton's style, and Johnny Depp is absolutely stunning as the titular bloody barber.<br /><br />The malignant Judge Turpin (Alan Rickman) lusts after the wife of Benjamin Barker (Depp), so he convicts Barker of a crime he didn't commit, and enfolds his family into his evil hands.<br /><br />But fifteen years later, the Barker returns to London and sets up a barber shop over Mrs. Lovett's ghastly meat pie store. Of course, he's enraged when he learns that his wife was raped and since poisoned herself, and that his daughter is the ward of the lecherous Judge. Enraged and maddened, Barker renames himself \\"Sweeney Todd\\" and vows revenge.<br /><br />And he finds that he LOVES using his razors for a far bloodier task than shaving. With the help of Mrs. Lovett (Helena Bonham Carter) -- who finds a thrifty use for those bodies -- Todd cuts a bloody swathe through all who have wronged him. And when his daughter is punished for refusing to marry the cruel Judge, Sweeney closes in to get his revenge at last.<br /><br />There's always been a gothic look to Burton's movies, and he's always dabbled in very twisted, macabre storylines. And he really tops himself with \\"Sweeney Todd - The Demon Barber of Fleet Street\\" -- London is painted in black, white and grey, right down to the ghoulish faces of the characters, and their bleak little dens of horror. And songs -- lots of magnificently horrible songs.<br /><br />But Burton pretty obviously adores the combination of gory grotesquerie and very, very sick humour (\\"They don't commit sins of the flesh, so it's pretty fresh\\"). And he doesn't try to make Sweeney or Mrs. Lovett palatable, thankfully. While we sympathize with Sweeney's losses, and the horrors that have changed him into the Demon Barber, you just can't pass over scenes where they sing, \\"It's man devouring man, my dear!\\" \\"Then who are we to deny it in here?\\"<br /><br />There are some moments that relieve this gory gothic parade -- there's a sweet love story between Sweeney's daughter and a young sailor. And the plot becomes progressively darker toward the end (yes, it CAN get worse), when the plot throws us some shocking new twists, resulting in a Grecian-tragedy finale soaked in even more gore.<br /><br />Oh yes, there's blood. Tons of it. It spurts like Monty Python's bloodier sketches, which ends up being more hilarious than yucky -- as is the casual introduction of cannibal meat pies. And there are some spectacularly gross moments, like a finger found in one of the pies.<br /><br />Burton uses some of his favorite actors in this one, particularly Depp and Bonham-Carter. Depp is THE perfect ideal Sweeney Todd -- his creepy eyes, pallid face and still, almost seductive manner are perfect for the maddened murderous barber. He goes through the movie slashing his razors at the world, and injects a real creepiness into scenes like Sweeney cooing at his \\"friends.\\"<br /><br />While she's only a passable singer, Bonham-Carter is eerily wholehearted as Todd's equally amoral partner-in-crime, who is quite happy to assist him.... and make tastier pies in the process. Rickman is wonderfully loathsome as the Judge, and Sacha Baron Cohen has a small but priceless role as Pirello, a huckster acquaintance of Todd's who starts causing trouble. He really steals his scenes.<br /><br />Most directors would have prettified, sanitized and defanged the grotesque \\"Sweeney Todd - The Demon Barber of Fleet Street,\\" but Tim Burton and Johnny Depp revel in the gore and madness. Astoundingly great.ake Sweeney or Mrs. Lovett palatable, thankfully. While we sympathize with Sweeney's losses, and the horrors that have changed him into the Demon Barber, you just can't pass over scenes where they sing, \\"It's man devouring man, my dear!\\" \\"Then who are we to deny it in here?\\"     There are some moments that relieve this gory gothic parade -- there's a sweet love story between Sweeney's daughter and a young sailor. And the plot becomes progressively darker toward the end (yes, it CAN get worse), when the plot throws us some shocking new twists, resulting in a Grecian-tragedy finale soaked in even more gore.     Oh yes, there's blood. Tons of it. It spurts like Monty Python's bloodier sketches, which ends up being more hilarious than yucky -- as is the casual introduction of cannibal meat pies. And there are some spectacularly gross moments, like a finger found in one of the pies.     Burton uses some of his favorite actors in this one, particularly Depp and Bonham-Carter. Depp is THE perfect ideal Sweeney Todd -- his creepy eyes, pallid face and still, almost seductive manner are perfect for the maddened murderous barber. He goes through the movie slashing his razors at the world, and injects a real creepiness into scenes like Sweeney cooing at his \\"friends.\\"     While she's only a passable singer, Bonham-Carter is eerily wholehearted as Todd's equally amoral partner-in-crime, who is quite happy to assist him.... and make tastier pies in the process. Rickman is wonderfully loathsome as the Judge, and Sacha Baron Cohen has a small but priceless role as Pirello, a huckster acquaintance of Todd's who starts causing trouble. He really steals his scenes.     Most directors would have prettified, sanitized and defanged the grotesque \\"Sweeney Todd - The Demon Barber of Fleet Street,\\" but Tim Burton and Johnny Depp revel in the gore and madness. Astoundingly great.
0385340575|1.0|We have enjoyed all of the series so much, this one, and the last one very disappointing.  This one very wordy and never really got into the good stuff we were expecting.  I did not even finish it!! Lee Child, please get us our old Reacher back..
0307473465|1.0|I find the three basic premises of this book so repugnant that I am blinded to any redeeming discussions of post-war German guilt.  These premises are: (1.)the dysfunctional, abusive relationship that the young boy has with the older woman damages his ability to form relationships for rest of his life, (2.) the shame of being illiterate somehow excuses her from the horrors she perpetrated as a Nazi concentration camp guard, and (3.) treating the weak prisoners well before she selects them to be executed somehow mitigates her horrific crimes.    I did not see Oprah, however, no amount of pontificating about \\"complex\\" and \\"profound literature\\" can get me past these basic tenets which are wrong, no matter how elegantly or passionately you spin the tale.
B001GQACGE|3.0|Beyonce overmarketed \\"Single Ladies\\" and the video is VERY sexy, but there are not many songs on this CD.  This CD is good not great.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|I love this movie.  It is the best version of Jane Eyre I've ever seen.  The actors/actresses are wonderful.  If you like the story of Jane Eyre, this movie is a must have.
B001EE3GES|5.0|After I heard the fabulous \\"The Kite Runner\\" on audio CD I wanted to learn more about the war-torn country of Afghanistan. Hosseini's debut novel was stunning and this, his second, one, is equally as rich. These books personalize the conflicts and explain them better than the evening news. This one is more heartbreaking--giving \\"the woman's side,\\" if you will, of the atrocities rendered by the Taliban and the patriarchal Afghan society. I came to love the two women characters and didn't want to leave them. As with \\"The Kite Runner,\\" every American ought to read this book, too.
B00002R0MC|5.0|If you like Bob Marley's music this is the best set to pick up.  I been a fan of Bob Marley's music for a few years now and i know alot of his other CD's but this set it great.     Alot of the songs seem to sound like the original versions instead of the versions you find on most CD's.  Great buy for sure!!!
0967851408|5.0|[[ASIN:9562911640 The Master Key System by Charles F. Haanel]]    I will keep this simple as simple seems to be the answer. I was first introduced to this wonerful book some 20 years ago. It is one of those life changing books that appear once in a while if you are lucky enough to have cross your path. There is no co-incidence if you come across it, you are ready for it or perhaps I should say that it is has been waiting patiently for you find it.    These kinds of books are like Special Teachers. You have all probably heard the expression \\"When the student is ready, the Master appears\\". I believe that if you are reading this review, then the Master has arrived.    It's a wonderful teacher which I believe will change your way of thinking for the better and that you will probably read many, many times to absorb it's very simple message. You don't even need a cell phone or Blackberry, you don't even need iTunes or earbuds to learn from little gem.    In Light,  Aatma    P.S. That wasn't very simple was it?
B000UR9T82|5.0|This movies look and sound amazing on Blu-ray.  If you want a good movie to show off your system any of these 3 are the best ones to use.
1402217722|4.0|Horatia (Horry) Winwood is the youngest of three sisters. At age seventeen, she's not what society views as a beauty, and she herself has pretty much accepted that she will not marry. Horry is short, has severe eyebrows and a studder when she speaks.<br /><br />Horry's eldest and beautiful sister, Lizzie, is promised to marry the Earl of Rule. She needs to marry the Earl to save her family from the gambling debt that her brother has put them in. Lizzie, however is madly in love with Edward Heron. But Edward is is not wealthy and would not be able to take Lizzie's family out of debt. Horry decides to take it upon herself and visit the Earl and convince him to marry her instead. Being that her other sister, Charlotte, flat out refuses to marry him herself. The Earl is amused by Horry, and he decides to take her up on her proposal, he agrees to marry her.<br /><br />This book had me laughing out loud. Especially when Horry arrives back home after proposing to the Earl, in his carriage, to the shock of her family. She then announces that he has agreed to marry her instead and that she's convinced him to be a Patron to Edward. Her family can hardly believe it, they have to whip out the smelling salts so the mom won't faint. But true to his word, the Earl arrives that afternoon to officially ask for Horry's hand in marriage.<br /><br />As the story goes on, Horry does Marry Lord Rule and she begins to live a life of luxury. Soon enough, she begins to gamble and winds up getting herself a bit of a reputation. She meets a man named Robert Lethbridge, with a reputation himself of being a ladies man. Before she knows it, Horry starts a friendship with Lethbridge, against her husbands wishes. But Horry wants to make Rule jealous, she knows he keeps a mistress himself, the Lady Massey.<br /><br />I really enjoyed The Convenient Marriage. What a fun, light, and sweet read this was. There's plenty of interesting characters and the plot has good twists and turns. I liked Horry's character, although she annoyed me a little at times with her foolishness. I did like Rule's character, lucky for Horry, he was older and wiser than she was. Horry's brother Pel, who enjoys gambling and drinking was another memorable character. He gets himself into plenty of trouble including a duel over Horry's honor.<br />Georgette Heyer is one of my favorite authors, I will have to read more of her work.ed me a little at times with her foolishness. I did like Rule's character, lucky for Horry, he was older and wiser than she was. Horry's brother Pel, who enjoys gambling and drinking was another memorable character. He gets himself into plenty of trouble including a duel over Horry's honor.  Georgette Heyer is one of my favorite authors, I will have to read more of her work.
B001FB4W16|5.0|I been a fan of this show since it came on on HBO, the story of the show it's great and it keeps you wanting to learn more about the people in the show.
B001PPLIEQ|5.0|I recieved my copy of this movie much faster than I expected & it was just as if I had bought it new at a store. Great qualtiy, great service, fast delivery... kick a$$!
B001SGEUNI|5.0|Saw the video for i get off on fuse and WOW. Had to get it. MAN was I BLOWN AWAY. Lzzy's vocals are amazing. Reminds me of Ann Wilson and Pat Bentar. Great Riffs Just an excellent ROCK Album. Just what rock needs right now. Good swift kick in the rear. Love the entire album. Hope they are around for a long time.
B00164GDD2|1.0|The audio level on the film is almost inaudible with an air-conditioner running.<br />The same is not true for for the commentary track and some if not all of the special features. As others have pointed out the image is no better and possibly even worse than the DVD release
B001LMU182|2.0|Unfortunately, I decided to read the manga before watching the movie. Although, the movie does get a lot of the main scenes and events right from the original manga, the story was completely butchered. Akira is a 5 book series spanning 1500 pages. There was absolutely no way to make it into a movie and keep it accurate.<br /><br />A lot of these reviewers complain about the voice-over acting being redone and I have to agree with them although I haven't heard the original. A lot of the time, the voice acting just doesn't set the tone for the insanity that's going on. You find yourself not caring much for the characters because of this.
B001D2AYCI|5.0|1. Some are reporting that the Quad mix is muddy and are giving this release low points because of it. First of all, the quad mix is not just the album put in 4.0. This was an entirely new mix done in 1974 (using alternate guitar, bass and drum parts) when the album was given a more psychedelic sound by the original engineers. The only change made to it was to put it from 4.0 to 5.1 adding subwoofer and center channel to the mix, and it's amazing to hear! While it's a softer sound than the original album, it does not sound muddy on my equipment at all (I'm playing it on a Denon DVD-2910 and Denon AVR 1909 -- so nothing crazy high-end in terms of the equipment), in fact it sounds wild! (Make sure you choose 5.1 from the screen menu b/c there's a standard 2.0 mix for those who don't have a home-theater set-up).<br /><br />2. Of the original album itself this is the single best remaster job bar none. The original CDs are terribly muddy. The Rhino remasters are a joke of overcompression that completely squashed any mid-range. The Castle and Japanese remasters were decent, but this Sanctuary remaster is the only one to get it 100% RIGHT, as in how the album sounded new on vinyl (which meant the correct blend of mid, high and low-range), allowing the instruments' individual flavors to be properly represented. Absolutely brilliant!<br /><br />3. The disc of extras are for real fans of the band who get excited about embryonic versions of songs. This is a treasure trove of material, with Master of Reality and the debut album containing even more exciting things, including alternate instrumentation (\\"Lord of this World\\" played on slide guitar!), never-before heard songs (\\"Weevil Woman '71) and uncut songs (Iommi's original version of \\"Warning\\" was 10 minutes longer!) On Paranoid, we get demo versions that include prototypes of \\"Paranoid\\" and \\"Planet Caravan\\" before proper lyrics were given them (and Ozzy singing whatever came into his head to establish the melody lines). Again, for real fans of the band, this is a serious treat!<br /><br />To clarify the band's position: While Iommi has never cherished this kind of thing like fans do, the band were behind this release (as evidenced by interviews and their quotes in the sleeve -- which btw is well-written and loaded with information); the albums were held back solely due to the apportioning of royalty rights, which have thankfully been settled.n, for real fans of the band, this is a serious treat!<br /><br />To clarify the band's position: While Iommi has never cherished this kind of thing like fans do, the band were behind this release (as evidenced by interviews and their quotes in the sleeve -- which btw is well-written and loaded with information); the albums were held back solely due to the apportioning of royalty rights, which have thankfully been settled.
0061122416|1.0|This book uses child-like prose to write an overly simplistic allegory that manages to drown itself in a teaspoon of water.  Lousy from beginning to end it adds no insight, offers no imaginative writing, and is completely worthless.    Many people recommended this book to me, and for that I am saddened about humanity.  This book is definitely not for people who enjoy even a modicum of intellectual stimulation.  If you are one of those that likes this sort of book, please do not recommend it to others.  I am now scornful of many of my acquaintances because of it.
B000002KET|5.0|Some fans might downsize the album by saying that the synthesizers and orchestral arrangements put a damper on it, but honestly, I think \\"Sabbath Bloody Sabbath\\" is a practically flawless album. Besides, plenty of great metal bands have experimented over the years. Look at Iron Maiden's spacey \\"Somewhere In Time\\". And heck, just about every Judas Priest album sounds at least a little different from the previous one. So no points lost for Black Sabbath experimenting on this album. In fact, it's one of my favorite metal albums, and I listen to A LOT of different, metal bands.    Let's take a quick run-through of the songs to get an idea of what they're like, and which are the best (which is a hard thing to choose when all the songs are so great!):  \\"Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath\\": A sludgy, powerful guitar riff with crushing drums and Ozzy's wailing vocals about life after death are featured here. The song alternates between the catchy, sludgy section and a gentler, acoustic section that makes for a very nice touch. The shift in dynamics from heavy to soft is awesome, and shows the band progressing in their songwriting craft.  \\"National Acrobat\\": Musically, it's quite similar to \\"Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath\\", although a great, wah-wah guitar riff is featured here, and instead of the life beyond death lyrics of the previous song, this song's lyrics focus more on the surreal adventures of a \\"national acrobat\\". Great follow-up song.  \\"Fluff\\": A beautiful, melodic instrumental masterpiece, featuring nice acoustic guitar work and classy piano work. A great break in dynamics make this a great, chill song.  \\"Sabbra Cadabra\\": One of my personal favorites off this album, this six-minute masterpiece combines early speed-metal, jazz fusion and progressive rock into one epic. The first two minutes are driven by a speedy guitar riff and some tasty soloing, not to mention a swinging drumbeat and great drum fills. We go into a spacier, more progressive sound with shimmering synthesizers and more classy piano, both instruments courtesy of Rick Wakeman of Yes. A masterpiece of a song overall.  \\"Killing Yourself To Live\\": Quite possibly the stand-out song of the album. We go from a driving, intro riff to a beautiful and surreal verse full of great melodies. A few sludgier, naughtier riffs are thrown in for good measure, with more great, heavy grooves and awesome soloing. Ozzy's passionate vocals are also a key element of this song, adding to the surreal then dirty, melodic then heavy appeal of this song. One of Black Sabbath's best songs ever, and one of, if not my absolute, favorite of theirs!  \\"Who Are You?\\": Not a bad song at all, but odd to come right after the masterpiece of \\"Killing Yourself To Live\\". This one is very much driven by spacey, futuristic synthesizer lines, but also features a great guitar solo that rides over a piano line. This song is sludgier and spooky, and as another review stated, would be very appropriate as a theme to a laser light show.  \\"Looking For Today\\": Another personal favorite song of mine, this one features heavy, melodic guitar riffs and a hand-clap rhythm. Once in the middle and then towards the end, and for the rest of the song, a melodic, surreal guitar line comes in, where Ozzy sings \\"Looking for toda-a-a-ayyyy\\". Very hypnotic and lush, and the second time around, Tony breaks into a blazing guitar solo that's just as powerful as it is hypnotic and beautiful. Another work of metal art!  \\"Spiral Architect\\": This six-minute epic opens with some beautiful, acoustic guitar work before going into another sludgy riff with more surreal lyrics that can still add a mystical tone to a heavy, sludgy song. This song closes out the album quite nicely, in fact!    So there you have it, \\"Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath\\", one of my favorite metal albums ever. I admit that the synthesizer work on \\"Who Are You?\\" and \\"Sabbra Cadabra\\" are quite indulgent, but if you don't mind that, then you should love this album as much as I do! And as a musician myself, I can say the Sabbath boys really knew what they were doing with this one. The music is complex, but simple enough to be highly memorable. It also set the stage for countless metal acts to follow, but is unique enough that it's darn-near impossible to replicate as good as the original. So is this a metal classic and an essential? Yes it is! And you're gonna love it when you hear it. Thanks for the time, and peace.
B000RJO578|2.0|Just because you like Simon Pegg doesn't mean you will like this movie.  I was very disappointed by this movie having enjoyed Shaun of the Dead.  But in Hot Fuzz, the laughs were limited and overall it seemed like they were trying to ride the coattails of \\"Shaun of the Dead\\".  I would pass on this for a purchase.
B000VNMMR0|3.0|Having not seen any of the previous Die Hard movies, Live Free or Die Hard seemed to fit my expectations fo a 'Big Dumb Action Movie'. Not trying to knock the movie, but that's how LFDH presents itself big explosions, wonky story, over the top shoot outs, and, of course, all laced together with a steriodic shot of adrenaline.     Bruce Willis brings hard-boiled Detective John McClain into the 21st century by trying to overthrough a slew of sexy PC hackers that threaten liberty in America. LFDH set out to do what it was ment to: give 13-30 year olds an over dose of adrenaline. The movie was fine, it wasent ment to to be a fantastice flim, so it wont be receive a fantastic score. The only knock I had was how the director makes Willis, John's PC hacking side-kick, blurt out his left-wing commentary throughout. It would also be nice if there was a better colour selection besides the grim shades of blue, grey and black...
B000002JEV|5.0|I had ordered this without really hearing any of the songs! It is great! A very young Led Zeppelin sound - some songs are very raw & exciting in the way they are preformed! A lot of favorite songs on these CDs, but some are just done in a different way than I had heard them before!! Just another FANTASTIC LED ZEP EXPERIENCE!! Could never say enough about this band, I feel they are the BEST ever. If you are looking for a \\"new\\" or a little different Led Zep sound than the usual studio tracks ~ this is it!! I do wish the first CD was in stereo, but it still sounds absolutely FANTASTIC!! :)
0316017922|5.0|Malcolm Gladwell generally reviews much psychological reasearh well and presents it accurately, considering environmental factors generally ignored by psychology in general.  He even presents at psychology conferences because he is better at teaching psychology than most psychologists.  This is his third book and may be the best.
0743298039|5.0|I rarely find a book that has me hooked from the beginning where I can't wait to get to the end. I even sometimes read the ending and then the rest of the book to see how the ending came to be. But not this book. I just kept reading.
B00000I07P|1.0|this isn't the worst album ever, but it's not good.  Now, i'm a huge fan of the 80's rock scene, but for some reason, i never caught on to this album.  Livin' on a prayer, for god's sake, i'd rather listen to an old guy crap his pants.  The only worhtwile song on here, in my opinion, is \\"I'd Die For You.\\"  Now that's a good song.<br /><br />If you're into bon jovi, GET IT, BY ALL MEANS!!  but if you have a taste in music, buy van halen's 1984, or Def Leppard's High 'N' Dry instead.  GREAT 80's ROCK!!
B001M5UDGS|5.0|This is probably the best thing to come out of the writer's strike of '08.  It's funny, the acting is great, the songs are great, it's sad, and the commentary is teh best evah!
B000001F7R|5.0|If you want a taste of Def Leppard's roots, check this album out.  It's full of great rockers, like ROCK BRIGADE, WASTED, IT DON'T MATTER....Hell, the whole album ROCKS!<br /><br />While i am a fan of Hysteria the most, i feel every fan should listen to every one of their cd's, to get a taste of the different musical paths they went down, cuz it's all GOOD!!!  Do yourself a favor, and buy this albums, at all costs.
B0026NWBY2|5.0|I give this CD 5 stars because when you compare it to the previously weak \\"Best of\\" George Harrison albums, this is a markedly better. I agree with many of the previous reviewers that there are several songs that could have been added. Although this collection features 19 songs, I imagine it was hard to accommodate Harrison's extensive catalogue. In addition, rarely are the \\"Best of CDs\\" the ultimate collection, primarily due to marketing future CDs. But this is a very good representation of Harrison's music with some nuggets, the excellent live performance of \\"While My Guitar Gently Weeps\\" and the wonderful demo of \\"I Don't Want to Do It\\" that I have never heard of before in spite of my own extensive collection. I particularly like this collection because it displays some of Harrison's unique work like \\"The Ballad of Sir Frankie Crisp\\" while showing off some of his best vocals as displayed on \\"This is Love\\". I too would have added a few more such as \\"Apple Scruffs\\" from \\"All Things Must Pass\\" and \\"Dream Away\\" featuring a fantastic Harrison duet from the grossly underappreciated \\"Gone Troppo\\" album. With the limits that music stores have in stock these days, it is great to have a very good representation of Harrison's songs back on the shelves. I think it will wet the appetites of a younger generation less familiar with Harrison, continuing his legacy beyond being a Beatle. That said; I would love to see a new collection of 'just' Harrison's Beatle solos including those written by Lennon and McCartney.<br /><br />The CD also includes an excellent booklet with numerous pictures of George through the course of his solo career with detailed descriptions of  George and his music. Makes this modestly priced CD a bargain.<br /><br />\\"Live In Japan\\" is a deeper collection that is also reccommended.
B000001EHS|5.0|Even though most of these hits are from the MONSTER album Hysteria (which is not a bad thing whatsoever), there are plenty hits here to satisfy any newcomer Def Lep fan or any long term Lep fan (like myself).  It's amazing when you realize the heights of popularity these guys achieved in the 80's.  Go buy this album, you won't be dissapointed.
0061122416|1.0|The lines quoted in the Amazon review are straight out of THE RETURN OF MERLIN by Deepak Chopra.
1416550542|5.0|From the opening of this tantalizing tale, in which a small girl (little more than a baby, we are told) is found abandoned when a ship from England docks in Australia, unable to remember even her name--I was completely drawn into this beautiful novel and read the entire book in one day--I didn't even put it down for meals!  Although it was sometimes confusing the way the author jumped between times, characters, and places, this contemporary fairy tale of sorts will enchant those readers who love a romantic read that takes you into another world.  This novel has layer upon layer of mystery, intriguing characters, and exotic settings, including Cornwall and Australia.  Lovers of The Secret Garden and dark fairy tales will especially enjoy the way Frances Hodgson Burnett and original fairy tales (supposedly written by one of the characters) are intertwined in the novel.
1573229725|4.0|[[ASIN:1573229725 Fingersmith]]I LOVE this book.  I found it a very intense story, and could'nt put it down.  I read alot, not many books hit me but this one did.  Thank you Ms. Waters.
0385341008|5.0|This was a fun and great summer reading.  Truly enjoyed it and would have loved it to never end.
B0007OCG56|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  It is a drama, not the slapstick type of Adam Sandler movie that you expect.  It looks at culture, maternal love, being a good father while having a demanding career and how some children have to earn their parent's love, rather than getting the unconditional love they deserve. You will just hate how the mother treats her daughter in this movie, and love how the Latina housekeeper nurtures her.  Don't let this movie get away; it is a heartwarming must see movie.  [[ASIN:1604941987 Power Path to Love]]
006085880X|3.0|I am not going to ruin the story or the ending for you in case you decide to read this book.  It was an interesting book about teen suicide, but I did not enjoy reading it.  I kept reading it to the end in order to find out what happened.  It is well written, but in a way it is almost painful to read.  I thought the end was a total fantasy and never would have happened.  If you would like to try and get into the minds of two teenagers and a world view that leads to disaster, by all means read the book.  This book got lots of fabulous reviews, but I don't agree on this one.  If I had really known what the book was like, I would not have read it.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Five stars are not enough. The apogee of rock. Masterful playing, writing and singing. Brilliant production. After 30 years it remains unsurpassed. If you don't have it, then buy it.
0316017922|2.0|I don't know how to rate this popular book. I give it four stars for story telling, and one star for originality.<br />Following two best-selling books, Malcolm Gladwell again masterfully turns bits of trivia into fascinating tales and keeps you turning the pages. From hockey players to computer nerds to airline pilots, it's a series of detective accounts of unusual people around the world famous and not-so famous. The book is an easy and entertaining reading on lazy and hazy summer days, especially for these with a curious mind, preferably well-versed in American culture.<br /><br />But borrow it from your local library or buy it used. You won't want to read it again due to its total lack of original insights.<br />One review on this site has already pointed out that 80 percent of the content is known on the net and the rest of the material really just comes from one nice book, Annette Lareau's \\"Unequal Childhoods.\\" Enough said. I will focus on new insight: does the book have any?<br /><br />First, the book can be summed up as: \\"Genius is one percent inspiration and 99 percent perspiration.\\" This is probably the most famous line uttered by Thomas Edison, arguably the most successful and best-known inventor of all time, with more than a thousand patents to his name. I cannot imagine Gladwell is unaware of this statement. But neither this line nor Edison the extraordinary outlier was in the book. Edison's only mention is on page 37: \\"He (Bill Gates) is sometimes called the Edison of the Internet.\\" Throughout the book, Gladwell writes as if he has stumbled on something profound and new. It is not. Neither is \\"talent alone is enough\\" as deep-rooted a belief in America as Gladwell claims. I recently wrote to a Wall Street Journal writer who penned How Calvin Learned His Ride. [...] To my surprise, Matthew Futterman is totally unaware of this book, yet in that short article he laid out exactly the same logic of success for American racehorse riders: early start and years of endless practice. According to Futterman, that's only possible at the bush tracks in the Cajun country, and that's exactly where most of the star riders came from. Calvin Borel, who almost became the first jockey to win the Triple Crown with different horses, was first put on horseback at age 2, \\"by the time he began race-riding legally at 16, he already had thousands of races under his belt. After years of riding with a stopwatch he had developed an internal clock in his head and could sense the difference between an eighth-of-a-mile that took 12 seconds and one that took 13.\\"<br /><br />Second, the insight that one needs a fortunate set of circumstances to be successful is best captured by a pair of opposite Chinese maxims: Tian Shi, Di Li, Ren He (timing, place, social environment are all right for success), Shen Bu Feng Shi (not born at the right time). There is a large social inequality literature with deeper insight in a Western context that the book ignores.<br /><br />Third, the idea that IQ is but one measure of personal ability is not new: the theory of multiple intelligences was proposed by Howard Gardner in 1983. [...] The idea that success depends on a raw intrinsic intellect has been largely discredited. In the classical experiment conducted by Walter Mischel in 1970, we have learned that the innate ability to control impulsive behavior, what Mischel called \\"delayed gratification,\\" is the single most important factor in determining a child's future success.<br /><br />Fourth, the idea that once discovered/developed (e.g., the code for computer operating system), no more chance for future generations is best expressed in John Horgan's 1996 book, The End of Science.  The importance of jumping into a new field at the right time is better articulated in the 2005 book On Intelligence by Jeff Hawkins.<br /><br />In places where Gladwell seems to be striking out, he is mistaken. For example, he attributes Chinese cultural success at math to rice paddy cultivation. But wait, Chinese civilization was developed in the wheat-growing north whereas the southern rice cultivating regions were long considered backward barbarian lands. My mother, who was born in Burma by Chinese immigrant parents, often tells me stories about how lazy southeast Asian rice farmers were: they would plant rice and stayed home until it's time for harvest. Conditions vary, but I am very skeptical that the requirement for constant back-breaking labor necessarily leads to certain work ethic. His air pilot story is challenged by other reviewers who know the industry.<br /><br />The conventional wisdom Gladwell challenges is not universal, but perhaps modern America alone. In fact, the opposite is true for the Asian educational tradition and culture. There, and under the guidance of Asian mom in America, young students spend way too much time on structured learning and exam drills. One may wonder if Chris Langan is the unfortunate by-product of an extremely free-flowing and dynamic culture. Do you want to waste a few potential outliers or suppress a whole generation?<br /><br />While a wake-up call to overly permissible American educators is necessary, the book's suggestion that the government ought to reduce outliers' reward because they should be more grateful for their social circumstances could only lead to a less motivated and dynamic society.<br /><br />Mcbooks like this and The World Is Flat are what sell well. They are entertaining and educational, but unlikely to have lasting power. As Xu Zhuyuan pointed out, Fast Company will probably regret calling Mr. Gladwell \\"the Drucker of the 21st century.\\" [...] Years from now, people would be still reading Peter Drucker, but not Malcolm Gladwell and Thomas Friedman.in the wheat-growing north whereas the southern rice cultivating regions were long considered backward barbarian lands. My mother, who was born in Burma by Chinese immigrant parents, often tells me stories about how lazy southeast Asian rice farmers were: they would plant rice and stayed home until it's time for harvest. Conditions vary, but I am very skeptical that the requirement for constant back-breaking labor necessarily leads to certain work ethic. His air pilot story is challenged by other reviewers who know the industry.    The conventional wisdom Gladwell challenges is not universal, but perhaps modern America alone. In fact, the opposite is true for the Asian educational tradition and culture. There, and under the guidance of Asian mom in America, young students spend way too much time on structured learning and exam drills. One may wonder if Chris Langan is the unfortunate by-product of an extremely free-flowing and dynamic culture. Do you want to waste a few potential outliers or suppress a whole generation?    While a wake-up call to overly permissible American educators is necessary, the book's suggestion that the government ought to reduce outliers' reward because they should be more grateful for their social circumstances could only lead to a less motivated and dynamic society.    Mcbooks like this and The World Is Flat are what sell well. They are entertaining and educational, but unlikely to have lasting power. As Xu Zhuyuan pointed out, Fast Company will probably regret calling Mr. Gladwell \\"the Drucker of the 21st century.\\" [...] Years from now, people would be still reading Peter Drucker, but not Malcolm Gladwell and Thomas Friedman.
0375842209|5.0|Nine year old Liesel Menninger is living with her foster family in Molching, Germany in 1939 after her parents are imprisoned as 'Kommunisten'. Against the backdrop of the Second World War and the Holocaust, a major theme of the novel is death and destruction, and so the novel itself is narrated by Death, who is even himself disgusted by the horrors of the war and Holocaust.<br />Liesel lives with her acid tongued and abrasive foster mother Rosa Hubberman and her gentle foster father Hans Hubberman, who as an opponent of the Nazis is ostracized by his neighbours.<br />Liesel survives the horrors of the bombs and the witnessing of the deportations of Jews and others, through a world of books, which she steals from a variety of sources including books rescued from the great book burnings which took place across towns and cities in Germany during the Nazi regime, deserted houses and apartments, and the library in the mayors house, which she has been given access to by the mayor's wife.<br /><br />She has a few friends including Rudy Steiner, a boy of her own age, who idolizes the Black American athlete Jesse Owens, and makes no attempt to hide his love from Liesel from her.<br />But what will bring a lump to your throat is the growing bond and affection between the young German gentile girl, Liesel, and the Jewish fist-fighter, Max Vandenburg, who is being hidden from the Nazis by Liesel's foster parents.<br /><br />The author shows his skill in balancing the the themes of death, darkness and fear with humour and the redemption of love and survival. an intelligent big novel of scope and understanding and a gem of early 21st century literature.
0792160347|4.0|\\"American Gigolo\\", like Julian Kaye, the titular gigolo played by Richard Gere, has a shimmering surface, but underneath that thin veneer lies nothing but shallow narcissism. Released in 1980, it really captured the zeitgeist of that era; you could call it the quintessential film of the 80's.<br /><br />Julian Kaye is most passionate when he is perfecting that surface. When he is exercising, hanging upside down from weird high tech boots while simultaneously learning to speak Swedish from instructional tapes, he is a dedicated and disciplined soldier. While sorting through his wardrobe, picking the perfect combination of tie, shirt, and pants to perfect his ensemble, he is truly alive.<br /><br />The rest of the time he is whining about being misunderstood, but it was impossible to understand what he was saying, half the time. He would either be mumbling, whispering -- or SHOUTING! I can only speculate on what some of the dialogue was, but Julian Kaye was always complaining, always kvetching, and always trying to negotiate a better deal. Even when he meets Michelle Stratton (Lauren Hutton), a Senator's wife and his ostensible love interest, he protests that he is not that kind of girl. She puts it bluntly:<br /><br />--------------<br />Michelle Stratton: How much?<br />======================<br /><br />She has already figured out what kind of girl Julie is; now they are just haggling over the price.<br /><br />At least she appreciates him. No one else seems to. When he finally uncovers who has been trying to frame him for a murder, he asks them, 'why me?'<br /><br />\\"Because you were framable. You've stepped on too many toes. Nobody ever cared about you. I never even liked you much myself.\\"<br /><br />It is hard for the audience to care about him, too. That makes it hard to connect with the film apart from the dazzling surface.<br /><br />Though set in Southern California, there's a European look to the film's mise en sc&egrave;ne, due to superb production design by (unaccredited) Ferdinando Scarfiotti. The celebrated designer is best known for his work with director Bernardo Bertolucci. Scarfiotti lacked a guild card, and was not credited for his work, but in a film that stresses style over substance, he can't be credited enough. It is the look of the film, more than the content that stays with you.<br /><br />When Julian gets behind the wheel of his very expensive and stylish automobile with \\"Call Me\\" by Blondie blasting on the soundtrack, you get a taste of what it feels like. Giorgio Moroder, best known for his work with disco diva Donna Summers, wrote the music and had Deborah Harry write the lyrics. Before Harry came up with the 'Call Me' hook the track was called \\"The Man Machine.\\" She really nailed the concept and the whole song was finished quickly, and then rerecorded with her band, Blondie. Her voice is a perfect fit. The \\"Call Me\\" musical motif continues throughout the film, and some of the soundtrack was even composed by the director Paul Schrader and Moroder.<br /><br />For all the influence this film had, the murder mystery at its core is very weak. Director and writer Paul Schrader lacks the knack for this sort of genre, it seems, though his script for \\"Taxi Driver,\\" directed by Martin Scorsese, certainly generated plenty of suspense. Schrader is no Hitchcock, that's for sure. Still, there was a certain je ne sais quois about the film that captures an era, the dawning of a new and decadent decade that was the 80's.<br /><br />Filmography of Writer and Director Paul Schrader<br /><br />[[ASIN:B000087F7Q Auto Focus]] (2002)<br />[[ASIN:B00005Y6XB Light Sleeper]] (1992)<br />[[ASIN:B0016AKSOG Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters - Criterion Collection]] (1985)<br />[[ASIN:B000069HZO Cat People]] (1982)<br />[[ASIN:B0002JZT5K Hardcore]] (1979)<br /><br />Selected Roles of Richard Gere<br /><br />I'm Not There. (2007) .... Billy<br />Pretty Woman (1990) .... Edward Lewis<br />Breathless (1983) .... Jesse Lujack<br />AnOfficer and a Gentleman (1982) .... Zack Mayo<br />[[ASIN:B00005JN75 Looking for Mr. Goodbar]] (1977) .... Tony Lo Porto<br /><br />Filmography of the team of Bernardo Bertolucci; the director, Vittorio Storraro; the cinematographer and production designer Ferdinando Scarfiotti<br /><br />[[ASIN:B0000696IB The Sheltering Sky]] (1990)<br />... aka Il t&egrave; nel deserto (Italy)<br />[[ASIN:B001EOQCMG Last Emperor]] (1987)<br />... aka L'ultimo imperatore (Italy)<br />... aka Le dernier empereur (France)<br />... aka Modai huangi (China: Cantonese title)<br />Ultimo tango a Parigi (1972)<br />... aka [[ASIN:6305132917 Last Tango in Paris]] (UK) (USA)<br />... aka Le dernier Tango &agrave; Paris (France)<br />Il conformista (1970)<br />... aka Der Konformist (West Germany)<br />... aka Der gro&szlig;e Irrtum (West Germany)<br />... aka Le conformiste (France)<br />... aka [[ASIN:B000IHYXH6 The Conformist (Extended Edition)]] (USA)<br /><br />------------------<br />Anne: Julie, I made you! I taught you everything you know! How to dress, table manners, how to move, how to make love...<br />===========================team of Bernardo Bertolucci; the director, Vittorio Storraro; the cinematographer and production designer Ferdinando Scarfiotti    [[ASIN:B0000696IB The Sheltering Sky]] (1990)   ... aka Il tè nel deserto (Italy)   [[ASIN:B001EOQCMG Last Emperor]] (1987)   ... aka L'ultimo imperatore (Italy)   ... aka Le dernier empereur (France)   ... aka Modai huangi (China: Cantonese title)   Ultimo tango a Parigi (1972)   ... aka [[ASIN:6305132917 Last Tango in Paris]] (UK) (USA)   ... aka Le dernier Tango à Paris (France)   Il conformista (1970)   ... aka Der Konformist (West Germany)   ... aka Der große Irrtum (West Germany)   ... aka Le conformiste (France)   ... aka [[ASIN:B000IHYXH6 The Conformist (Extended Edition)]] (USA)       ------------------  Anne: Julie, I made you! I taught you everything you know! How to dress, table manners, how to move, how to make love...   ===========================
B001U0HBPG|5.0|I heard many good things about this movie when it first came out. I have to say I was very skeptical about it's worth. I finally saw it on DVD. Yes, it was long, but I thought it was beautiful. Fiction of course, but so many of life's lessons were intertwined. In that respect, Forrest Gump did come to mind, but that is it's only similarity. Everybody dreams of growing younger, but being different is very lonely and that is very sad... but so true. I loved it.
B00177Y9ZC|5.0|i was very engrossed in this movie. i love hayden as an actor. the ability to teleport and come out winning at the end of the movie. great!  recommended for a cool break from this bad reality. its begging for a sequel.
B00005CDUE|4.0|I had heard 'Avalon' and 'Over You' many, many years ago on the radio and ironically enough it was Voice of America with Pat Gates hosting the show. (Wonder where she is now) It was since then that I had been on the look out for a compilation of numbers by Roxy Music, not a very well known group in my part of the world.<br /><br />This particular collection of hits is one not to be missed. If you like Roxy Music, go for this CD.<br /><br />BR
B000P0J09W|5.0|This movie takes me back!  I watched it & loved it as though I were a kid all over again!  The actors have since grown up & moved on sadly.   I heard there was specially made Goonies II but can't seem to find it anywhere?  If I can find it I'd get that one too!  This movie is simply excellent!
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|Gran Torino was Clint Eastwood in all his gloriousness....Have always loved his movies and always will.
0312330855|5.0|I read this book many years ago.  Recently, I had it sent to a grandson who loves animals.
B001MEJY8W|5.0|The first hour is creepy, scary and brutal.  The last forty minutes are brutal and ferocious as already stated in another popular review.  One reviewer wrote on a popular horror website, that the last half hour is tough to sit through.  Boy, was that review accurate.  There is really nothing else to say without ruining the story.  Watch this movie without knowing any details or major plot points.  Avoid spoilers at all costs.  You've seen gorier movies than this but, this movie is more phsychological in its horror.  This movie had me thinking long after it ended.  This movie was a blind purchase for me (as well as, High Tension, Inside & Frontiers), I have yet to be disappointed with French horror (just ignore the twist in High Tension).  The gut-wrenching realism of Martyrs is what impressed me.  Bottom line, when it's over, tell yourself....\\"It's only a movie.\\"
B001W79MBI|5.0|That is, the best anime to be released on DVD in the US this year. I beloieve that it was actually released in 2007.    Anyway, if you buy this then you are in for a real treat. It is the classic \\"lone swordsman\\" story, done exceedingly well. The artwork is top notch and the sword fighting is breathtaking. This film is in the same league as Ninja Scroll and Afro Samurai.     You can't go wrong buying this DVD.
B000KUD2G4|5.0|I ordered the Behringer Hum Destroyer HD400 to elimate hum in my computer music studio.  It performs this task perfectly and eliminates all audible hum without reducing the signal at all.  Item was under 25 dollars shipped and arrived on time.  Absolutely no complaints.  Top notch product and service.
B001R4MEYS|5.0|This CD has a very cool dynamic happening. If you know Mastodon, you know the musical insanity they are capable of, yet this CD actually has singable choruses worked in amongst the chaos. You will find no more original sounding band out there today, yet this is their most accessible CD to date. Non-metal fans will even like this, which may or may not be a good thing. All the drama behind this CD aside, it is one of the best all-around CDs of the past few years, from the production and engineering to the songwriting and musicianship. If you're a fan of good, heavy music, buy this.
0439813786|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF THE BOOKS MY SON HAS TO READ FOR THE SUMMER. VERY INTERESTING STORY AND GREAT ILLUSTRATIONS!
0143113100|5.0|This fascinating account of the phenomenon of brain plasticity covers the stunning neurological research of the last three decades, which has conclusively shown that the brain, rather than being a completely mature organ by the time of puberty, has enormous powers of adaptation and growth throughout life. Think of the brain as a muscle which, rather than slowly changing over a period of months and weeks through vigorous exercise, is capable of changing in a matter of hours to adapt to new stimuli. This notion has enormous potential for the treatment of stroke, phantom limb syndrome, chronic pain, addiction, and the plain old effects of aging, among many other things. Written in clear understandable prose for non-scientists, with numerous case studies, this book gave me new insights into the old cliché, \\"Use it or lose it.\\" There's a reason some people continue vigorous and healthy well into their eighties, while couch potatoes quickly decline. Of course, physical health and well-being are major factors, but brain and body are more closely connected than scientists ever thought possible. Highly recommended!
B0012Q732O|1.0|I've heard bad things about this since it first came out. I happened to catch it randomly last night and was interested in seeing what it was like.  It starts off ok, but once the story kicks in, it just goes from mess to mess. Firstly, there's no historical accuracy in any of it, not that it's TRYING to be historically accurate, but it would have been good to see them do something a little more realistic. There's no structure to the landscape or the people that live in it. The characters walk from ice mountains to amazon forests and deserts like they're in walking distance of each other. It makes no sense and became really annoying.  The people that live in the lands are also really random, from Eskimos to Africans to Egyptians [?], and just when you least expect it, one white guy too. The \\"villains\\" in the film make no sense either, what are they? Egyptians, Myans, Asians? it's this random mish mosh of cultures and styles that has no explanation. They also have SHIPS?..........i've never heard of any SAVAGE CAVE PEOPLE building BOATS and going across seas.    As for the visual effects, surprisingly average, i thought they'd at least get that right. There's some really obvious blue screen pasted backgrounds in the beginning, and the abnormally large Sabertooth tiger looked very cartoony.    I felt like i was watching a history lesson for retards, it just seemed really juvenile and silly. It starts off as Apocalypse and ends like Stargate. I'm not quite sure what it was that i was watching? it's just bizarre.
B001HQZKF6|4.0|I was one of the people lucky enough to catch this tour on an early stop in New Orleans and thought it was great so it was a no brainer to purchase this Blu ray/2CD set from Best Buy. The only problem is that the issue is now out of print.    The Blu Ray offers the complete Buenos Aires show in pristine video and sound. The band looks and sounds fantastic. By this stop of the tour the show was much tighter than it was when I saw it. Viewers will be blown away by Andy Summers gutar playing. Sting and Copeland are also completely in sync in locking down the sound that the band was famous for even after the 25 year absence.    The DVD features a 50 minute documentary on the reunion's origin that showcases the personality conflicts that still exist in the band brought on by the tremendous egos that are involved. Also featured are two photo galleries of the band in Argentina.    Well worth it if you can locate it.
0316168815|5.0|I read this book when it first came out, I think I was maybe 16... and have repurchased and re-read it again at 23. It's just as good now as it was then. I definitely recommend it!
1423113497|5.0|Great books, great price for a boxed set of the first three books in this series!  The story immediately captures your interest right from the first page, and holds it throughout.  This will appeal to all kids and adults who love books filled with adventure with some Greek mythology thrown in.
B001YYQ9SS|5.0|Wow, the 'Complete' version makes a hell of a lot more sense.  I loved Advent Children because, and I'll admit it, I am a FF7 fanboy.  However, I agree that at some points in the non-complete version of the movie I was like \\"WTF is going on? Oh well it sure does look pretty\\".  The Complete version does a lot to alleviate that feeling for me.  Great film in this 'Complete' version and this is format (Blu-ray) that this movie was meant for in the first place.  It simply looks amazing.
B001GZ6QBU|3.0|I saw the movie in Imax when it was released. I thought the movie was very good, and well worth the money and time. Dark is right.    I previously stated that I could only watch this on my Mac, but now I found that my old LG unit was failing. I just hooked up a new [[ASIN:B001V9LA44 Panasonic DMP-BD60 Blu-ray Disc Player, Black]] player, and it did just fine.
B001KVZ6F2|5.0|I grew up on Eastwood.  My parents are huge fans; they actually saw The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly in the theater 3 times when dating.  I can name every movie just off the music Eastwood was in.  When seeing the previews for this movie, I knew I'd have to have this one.  Everyone has told me this movie is no disappointment; the previews were very thrilling.  I did expect more action, however, the friendship that forms between the crotchety Walt and Thao is heartwarming.<br /><br />Walt is a war veteran, very racist, unhappy, mean, and in need of a friend; someone to care about who cares about him.  When he chases the local gang off his lawn saving Thao's hide, Thao is indebted to him and begins to work for him.  Through this they become friends.  Walt's family is nothing but greedy and distant.  Walt soon saves Thao's sister from punks and instantly makes a friend out of her.<br /><br />The movie is about the car but isn't.  Everyone wants that car, but only the one deserving will get it in the end.  My mother warned me the ending was not what I'd expect and boy was she right.  I knew there would be death on both sides, but I just didn't know how that would come about.  I did cry my eyeballs out at the sacrifice and the friendship shown.<br /><br />This was an excellent movie, you must watch and own.  Truly an Eastwood best.  Imagine Dirty Harry old and meaner and you have Walt.  This movie is now one of my favorites, right up there with Sudden Impact, The Good The Bad and the Ugly, High Plains Drifter, Pale Rider, For a Few Dollars More, A Fistfull of Dollars, just to name a few of Eastwood's movies that will never grow old.
B001P9KR8U|2.0|Sorry to disappoint you, but I didn't see the value in this movie as the critics proclaimed.    All the events the boy experienced to obtain the answers to the Millionaire questions were ridiculous. No one comes out unscathed after such horrendous acts upon him.     When I watch a movie I expect certain feelings in the end . . . happy, sad, etc. This movie left me numb. No feeling. I asked myself, \\"Why was this made?\\"    It was not drama, not romance, not comedy, not horror, not fantasy, not science fiction, not the typical movie made for our viewing.    It was more of a fictional documentary. It was a twisted, but predictable 'love' story with trials of searching for one's 'childhood' love.     I didn't like it, in spite of the awards. I think the production was ok, as were the realistic scenes of India, but as a story I would not recommend it. Especially if you expect a feel-good ending.(Didn't know what to expect, but was disappointed that it left me with nothing)    G Gupton, author. \\"The 31-Day Diet of Spiritual Enlightenment\\" and \\"Seekers of Truth\\"
B002CMLIJ6|5.0|Okay, first of all let me explain my rating.  I gave it 5 stars based on the creativity of the movie.  However, based on how loyal it is to the comics, I would give it a 1.  In the movie James Howlett (Wolverine/Logan) is actually the son of his mother's gardener, Mr. Logan, and not Mr. Howlett.  In the movie they also make Dog Logan into Victor Creed/Sabretooth.  So Sabretooth is Wolverine's half-brother in the movie.  At first Victor and James are the best of friends, then after about 100 years of physically staying in their late 30's early 40's, the two brothers go their own way after doing a special operation with Wraith, Bradley/Bolt, Deadpool, a very well built blob, and crazy facist extroidernair, Stryker.  So Wolverine quits his dayjob and settles down with his new girlfriend Silverfox.  Note:  Silverfox doesn't have the regenerating power that she did in the comics.  He also has a new job working for a lumber company.  After a while Stryker and Agent Zero track down Wolverine and recruit him for a new \\"job\\".  Job meaning \\"Oh nothing special.  We're just going to pump a few pounds of an indestructable metal alloy into your bones which may cause you to die and get constantly harassed by Ian McKellen in the future\\".  Well the operation is a success, Wolverine gets away from Stryker and lays low with a nice old couple for a while.  Then Agent Zero finds Wolverine, kills Uncle Ben and Aunt May (Whoops, wrong movie), and does the whole incredibly expensive helicopter vs roadhog fight scene.  Wolverine wins.  Duh!  Wolverine finds Wraith, convinces him to find Stryker for revenge,  fights fat Blob for information, and goes to New Orleans to find everybodies favorite Ragin' Cajun.  In the N-O Wolverine finds Remy Lebeau/Gambit, has a big fight scene with him, and eventually gets Gambit on his side.  Question:  If Wolverine was in the alley right behind the casino, why did Gambit run ten blocks to fight him?  So any way Gambit uses his Aeroplane to fly Wolverine toStryker's private reso-uh, I mean island, fights Deadpool/Weapon XI with the help of Victor Creed, Gambit finally shows up, blah blah blah, end credits.  Note:  Young X-Men we get to see in the movie are Scott Summers/Cyclops, and Emma Frost/White Queen in a B cup rather than her famous DDD cup (yes they are).  However the Nazi bastards at 20th Century Fox cut out Storm.  Hope you enjoyed the review and that you'll enjoy the movie.  Love the tall, cane walking, red headed Malcolm.
B001U0HBPG|3.0|I have to agree with Hollywood that this movie was excellent for scene and costumes. But the story stunk!!    From growing up amongst the elderly who pass away to becoming a baby who doesn't remember or know anyone around him, this movie disappointed me. It was full of death from the very beginning. The father, who never knew his son because he disowned him at birth, was typical.    If you like crying at the end or seeing depressive scenes, this one's for you.     I guess I was expecting a love story. . . NOT SO. Sure, two people fall in love and have a \\"normal\\" life for a brief period in time. Not realistic. Not scientific. Not fantasy. Not anything. Certainly not worth seeing in my opinion. I should have saved my money.    G Gupton, author. \\"The 31-Day Diet of Spiritual Enlightenment\\" and \\"Seekers of Truth\\"
1595141715|5.0|Ok I have to admit that at first I thought this book was about this young girl who had been hurt so bad by others, that she commits suicide and makes a tape blaming others for her sadness. Right? Wrong! This book goes much deeper than that. This books should teach boys that maybe just because they spread rumors about a girl being \\"easy\\" that it's all in good fun when deep down it hurts the girl and later on, may not cause her to take her own life, but may affect the way she sees males in general.<br /><br />This books teaches so many lessons. How we treat one another can change someone's life. We need to stop believing rumors we hear and get to know the person how they really are. Girls need to be nicer to other girls and adults need to spend more time with their children.<br /><br />This book isn't just about a girls suicide. It's about seeing life in a totally new way. I was so stunned by this book that it's all I could think about. It's a MUST read for anyone who appreciates a good book that teaches you something.
0385333846|5.0|Slaughterhouse-Five by Kurt Vonnegut was nominated for a best-novel Nebula Award and for a best-novel Hugo Award. Time magazine considers it one of the 100 all-time best English-language novels written since 1923. It is.
B00005JKJA|1.0|Alright, to show you that I know GOOD, different, weird movies with cool endings (everything some people exclaim this movie to be), here's a list. Donnie Darko, Memento, The Machinist, Vanilla Sky, The Others, Seven, Psycho, The Sixth Sense, 12 Monkeys, Frailty, Fight Club, and Existenz. In Jacob's Ladder, it was all a dream, but was way better than this crappy movie. All of these movies were different, cool, and awesome ALL THE WAY THROUGH THE MOVIE, with a deeper message. I'd like anyone to argue Mulholland Drive is better then any of these movies. People are talking about how this movie has deep, significant meaningfulness and how this movie is special because it's different.      It's definately different because I haven't seen such a bad movie since \\"Don't Mess With the Zohan,\\" which I left 15 minutes in to get my money back. First off, you don't start a movie with 2 minutes of dumb dancing. I almost turned it off there, but then I said to myself \\"give the movie a chance.\\" So I waited and I saw some kids get in a car wreck, which was kind-of cool, and this guy who sees this weirdo who looks exactly like the mummy behind a dumpster which was really weird.     But then NOTHING happens. It was so boring. Their was no COMPELLING deeper meaning, no matter how hard you try to tell yourself, because the movie doesn't make you care about what is going on or make you think differently about life, which is what GOOD movies do. I understood what the director was trying to do (portray the darker side of the human mind in dream/really weird way), but he failed.     I love it when people (anyone who says this movie is good-emo's) try to show off and act original, mysterious, and different by saying they identify with something few people understand, even though the thing they love so much is really dumb (this movie).     When making a GOOD movie, you have to keep the audience interested ALL THE WAY THROUGH. You can't just throw weird stuff in every couples minutes, have a lesbian scene, and then try to pull it off at the end by saying it was a dumb dream.     Wow,It amazes me that people can actually sell such garbage, let alone watch it. I mean, did anyone who made this movie stop and say to themselves \\"this sucks\\" and maybe we should not embarrass ourselves and release this film? I felt embarrassed watching the movie because it sucked so bad. It is not artistic, not original, and plain NOT GOOD. It's a crime against film making. I wish I could give it 0 stars. DO NOT PUT YOURSELF THROUGH WATCHING THIS MOVIE!!!
0061120081|5.0|TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD by Harper Lee is one of my favorite American fiction classics. I urge you to add it to your \\"must read\\" list if you've not read it. Read Wikipedia's listing. They state that British librarians ranked TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD ahead of the Bible as one every adult should read before they die.
0446615625|1.0|I got the kindle edition and after forcing myself to read the first 35%, I just couldn't go on. Besides the lack of realism, I was annoyed with the author's blatant agenda. Granted every author has his own opinion on things, but David Balducci does not even try to work his into the plot. Out of place rants by some characters read more like blog posts than anything else. Djamila, the nanny, is presented as a reasonable, honorable, and a G-d fearing woman (you know, besides the killing people stuff), while her american boss, Lori Franklin, is presented as a money hungry adulterer who doesn't care to spend time with her children. Their exchange, in the beginning of the book, is rather unrealistic and serves no other purpose than to advance the author's agenda - instead of the plot. Another example is Tom Hemingway's exchange with Carter Gray, that, again, read more like a blog post than an intelligence update prepared for our country's intelligence czar. I've made it a bit further and then gave up on this one.
0451529308|5.0|I can't add much that hasn't been shared in other reviews. Little Women by Louisa May Alcott introduce us to four remarkable characters: sisters Meg, Jo, Beth, and Amy March. Alcott wrote the first volume in two and a half months. That blows me away. The two volumes have been combined as one since 1880. Read Wikipedia for more information, especially the \\"Autobiographical Context\\" that shares information about Ralph W. Emerson.
B00164KYV4|1.0|I am going to do my best to write a proper review for this flick BECAUSE I HATE THIS MOVIE SO MUCH. And I want to share that hate with you.    We open with giant bubble of perkiness Gennifer Goodwin as Gigi as a child, with her older self giving a voice-over. She is a young girl on a playground, and a boy comes over to her and shoves her to the ground. She runs crying to her mother, and her mother says the boy did it because he likes her. Gigi then speculates that this is what screws with so many women's heads and messes with them later in life, because they come to associate bad behavior by men with affection. We then join Gigi as an adult at the end of a date with Conor, this totally bland yuppie. He says he'll give her a call and she gets excited when she sees him taking his cell phone out, but he calls Scarlett Johansson as Anna. She tells him she doesn't want to get together just then, and gets ridiculously excited over this cooler she won [it's depressing to see Scarlett Johansson have to act so stupid], and flirts with the guy behind her in line, Ben. He's a music producer and she's an aspiring singer, but he tells her he can't hear from her, because he's married... to Jennifer Connelly as Janine, who works in the same office as Gigi and Jennifer Aniston as Betsy, at some magazine [this is the Cosmopolitan magazine version of life, in which everyone works at a magazine or is a yoga instructor or a music producer]. Betsy has been living with Ben Affleck as Neil for seven years, but he doesn't want to get married because he doesn't believe in marriage. Which, in this movie, is less preferable to being a Satanist, say, or a leper. Oh, and by the way, all of this is supposedly happening in Baltimore. Have you ever BEEN to Baltimore?    So Gigi starts obsessing over Conor calling, although we have no evidence that they had any particular chemistry or connection. She waits for him to call, staring at her phone at work! In the shower! At her yoga class! Janine advises her on when to call and for how long. Soon she's planning on just \\"stopping by\\" a place he said he sometimes frequents in order to engineer a run-in with him. The majority of the first half-hour here is made up of Gigi growing more obsessive about whether Conor, who you will recall she met once, will call, with her entire sense of self-worth apparently hanging in the balance. It gets to the point where she really does seem to be the badly-damaged shell of what once was a human being. She does go to the restaurant he said he frequents, where she ends up meeting his friend, Alex, played by Justin Long, who apparently runs the place. He came out to help at the bar, as they were super busy, but apparently has time to just sit around and talk to Gigi all night. He tells her flat-out that Conor will never call, because--can you guess?--He's Just Not That Into Her. Alex will be the one to deliver the major bullet points of the self-help book this is adapted from for the remainder of the movie. He also tells her that too many women hear what amounts to urban legends about women who didn't give up on a guy, and finally he relented and they got married. He says too many women think that they'll be \\"the exception\\" when in fact they are \\"the rule.\\" Gigi seems over Conor the next day at work--where apparently their jobs consist of sitting around and obsessing over relationships.    SPOILERS > > > Meanwhile, Ben has decided that there's no harm in flirting with Anna, and calls her. This involves him smoking cigarettes on the sly, which he tries, through several scenes and numerous lies, to keep from his wife, Janine. The issue slowly starts to gnaw at her sanity, as she knows something is wrong, but Ben won't admit it. There is a bizarre scene in which she accuses Luis Guzman's contractors of smoking while they work on renovating their house. Once it's revealed that Ben actually is smoking, she says \\"What part of `my father died of lung cancer' is so hard for you to understand?\\" as though her personal trauma gives her license to completely control his life. Eventually he comes clean that he had an affair, expecting her to simply dump him, then surprised that she wants to talk about it and work it out. Janine blames herself. It must be said that this is the only thread of the movie that feel in any way genuine, as Jennifer Connelly is able to bring some real, grounded emotion to it.    Meanwhile Betsy grows more and more upset that Neil won't marry her, despite his repeated assurances that he loves her, and doesn't believe in marriage on ideological grounds. Idi-a-whatdicalogical grounds? Janine says. When Alex gives Gigi the advice that if a guy hasn't married you after two years, he isn't going to marry you, Betsy goes home and tells Neil that \\"she needs him to not be nice to her if he isn't going to marry her.\\" This is the sort of \\"kooky\\" statement that some women apparently think is adorable [this movie made me really glad not to be straight]. Anyway, despite the fact that their relationship is going swimmingly, Betsy \\"Can't do this\\" and breaks up with Neil for not marrying her. In here we briefly see Drew Barrymore in a tiny part that has no relation to anything. Nevertheless, Drew produced the film, so special scorn must be heaped on her.    So some of the corollary advice to \\"if a man hasn't married you... he's not going to marry you\\" that Alex gives Gigi is that \\"If a guy wants to see you, believe me, he will see you.\\" This casts the whole situation as that all women are desperate for men to call, and are delighted to hear from and date any man, while men are completely in control of the situation, and can choose to call the woman back or not, as they like. If they want to see a woman, the woman WILL see them. I'm sure several men out there would be quite surprised to find out that this is the case. Anyway, Gigi shows that she has actually not grown beyond her desperate yearning for a boyfriend above all else, only altered the context of her delusions, as she starts to believe that Alex is secretly in love with her, and has been telling her this in code all along. She accepts his invitation to a party as the fruition of their secret passion, and finally makes an ill-advised move on him.    He tells her that no, he is actually not secretly in love with her, causing her to deliver a withering character assessment about how he just uses people and never really connects to anyone, concluding \\"You have not won. You're alone, Alex.\\" We'll leave until later discussion of WHAT Gigi could possibly mean by classifying the entire issue into \\"winning\\" and \\"losing,\\" with finding companionship [regardless of with who?] definitively posed as \\"winning.\\"    Okay, time to arbitrarily stop the movie and wrap everything up! Time's up, folks! Betsy and Neil get back together! And guess what? He proposes in a cute, TV-movie way, and they get married! Mary [that's Drew] and Conor get together! Anna has a singing gig [i.e. she hasn't found a relationship, but she's on her way to pursuing her dream]! Janine and Ben, surprise, break up, and she moves out! And Gigi's harsh character assessment was exactly what Alex needed to realize that goll-darn it, she's right! And in fact, she is the very woman he must spend the rest of his life with! They've WON. < < < SPOILERS END    The primary emotion this movie evokes is sadness for people who view relationships this way, and the people who will watch this movie and feel that they must adopt to these standards in order to find a relationship, and hence to \\"win.\\" Gigi is a character clearly in need of several years of reparative therapy for her wildly distorted view of her own value and human relationships, yet the movie tries to coast on a \\"We're all like this, deep inside!\\" vibe. The pathetic obsession she develops over whether Conor will call her is embarrassing and sad, not adorable. Her lack of insight developed through the film--she simply switches fantasy-based obsession with Conor for fantasy-based obsession with Alex--is also disheartening. Yet the film has no criticism of her, it holds her up as a model for the winning strategy of being sincere and open to people, which apparently trumps all other characteristics--like, say, wisdom or intelligence. By the time she indicates that for her, being partnered is \\"winning\\" and being alone \\"losing,\\" one pities her distorted view of relationships, but the point of the view of the movie is that this is pretty much the way things are.    Betsy is blind to the attributes of her relationship, and only the public validation of a wedding can make it real to her. At which point she can begin looking forward to the next milestone, having a baby [as Janine wishes to do], with an option to also achieve wonderful completions of self such as renovating one's fabulous loft! Really, you should receive two free issues of Cosmopolitan with your ticket purchase, which will convert to a full subscription unless you cancel.    The movie really is disconcerting and uncomfortable in the way that it suggests that all women are wholly mentally preoccupied with guys, whether a guy will call, whether they'll have a relationship [they'll WIN!], and then get married, then renovate the loft, then have a baby! After that, I suppose life ends? Or I think perhaps you flip into being the bitter wife whose husband likes younger women but its okay because you have the credit card to acquire shoes and redo the house again? While watching the movie I kept wondering at the mindset--and set-up for disappointment--that people who share this film's worldview must have. I mean, WHAT is going to happen after you've finally scored that relationship? After you've \\"won?\\" And most of all, after one has married, that ultimate milestone and validation of all that is you! Most films end with marriage and don't bother to show what comes after, but this one really egregiously sets that up as the ultimate prize, to the point where one begins to worry about the people that might be taken in by this viewpoint. We all know that one person who just keeps talking about having a relationship, and their new strategy for getting a relationship, and how their main focus is on finding a relationship, and after a while you want to say \\"Um, what do you think is going to HAPPEN when you find this mythical relationship? You're going to be delivered into some blissful state of endless nirvana and never have any other concerns or problems again?\\" Because like those people, this movie just kind of makes you WORRY for those people that have this distorted viewpoint, and wish that somehow they could just undergo a complete, ground-up change of mind.    Let's again underscore this film's view of women as vacuous bundles of emotional need who seem unable or unwilling to process anything that doesn't have to do with DATING! And superficial symbols of personal validation such as someone thinking one is cute or calling one back. The irony is that this is positioning itself so heavily as a \\"chick flick,\\" and to be supportive of women, when in fact it is painting them as neurotic and shallow strivers with significantly warped self-images, lacking any secure sense of self [except that which they think they should SEEM to have in order to be more DATABLE!] and desperate for the validation of any fleeting attention from even the most unsuitable of men. It's just sad, more than anything! Talk about the five-hankie weeper of the year. OH, and by the way, this is apparently supposed to be a \\"comedy.\\"    Really, I don't understand why feminists weren't burning theaters down when this was out.    The ultimate betrayal this movie is guilty of is devoting two hours to trying to strip women of their delusions about romance and get them to accept that the \\"fairy tale\\" ending they yearn for is not a reality--then end is such a way that nearly all the characters achieve that magical, surprise fairy tale ending! And like in the fairy tale, it leaves the women in the audience, the ones in supposedly supports, with the old \\"they lived happily ever after\\" and doesn't bother to include what might happen as these people continue to live their lives. But whatever, they've \\"WON!\\"    This is one of those things where one feels that the director, Ken Kwapis, and the screenwriters, Abby Kohn and Marc Silverstein, really need to be exiled to a desert island, where they can inflict no more damage on society. You will need chemical decontamination after this film and women, please do not let your daughters watch this damaging film.    SHOULD YOU WATCH IT?  There really are no circumstances under which that is advisable--except maybe in a college women's studies class.
B0028DRGDQ|4.0|Well, well, well; so after taking the remake rights, remaking the film for illiterate American consumption, retitling it [[ASIN:B001E95ZRO Quarantine]], milking the built in horror box office numbers, and releasing the DVD they are finally releasing the real film now that all of the money to be made off of this one has been snapped up by the major studios.  Refusing to release a film in the USA until they can remake it and scrape up every last penny to be made just to deny the original creators their fair share of the profits for their work is vile, people.  I hope you were smart enough to leave Quarantine alone and wait for the real thing.  This is why hardcore film fans own region-free players. Don't settle for a copy of a copy of a copy or that is what we will continue to get. Support the original works so they can get the theatrical runs and treatment they deserve some day.  Subtitles will not scorch your precious little eyeballs, foreign languages will not harm your ears, and watching a non-American cast should not upset you that much.  A great film is a great film and it shouldn't have to be re-shot, dumbed-down and rendered creatively bankrupt for you to enjoy it.<br /><br />Oh, right; I was going to review the movie.  Sorry about that.<br />\\"REC\\" is a Spanish horror film that follows the trend of films like [[ASIN:B0014Z4OQG Cloverfield]] and [[ASIN:B00001QGUM The Blair Witch Project]] by having the entire story told through the lens of a constantly-filming camera and throws in some of [[ASIN:B00005JMA8 28 Days Later]]'s mad intensity to create a film that is annoyingly familiar in execution, but still a must-see.  The execution here is fantastic and the end result is as frightening as any of the films mentioned above.<br /><br />In \\"REC\\", a young, beautiful reporter hosting a late night show is doing a story about firefighters working the graveyard shift entitled \\"While You're Asleep\\".  After a meet-and-greet and a few fluff segments our heroine  Angela and her cameraman, Pablo, follow the firefighters on a routine call.  They end up inside of an apartment building where a call was placed about a disturbance.  They head upstairs to check it out and see an old woman standing motionless in the dark, her clothes bloodied.  This sort of thing seldom ends well.  After some doings transpire, the residents, firefighters, policemen, and reporter duo find that the building has been sealed off and is surrounded by police threatening deadly force.  BNC (Biological, Nuclear, and Chemical) protocol is in effect on the entire building and nobody is getting out.  Nobody seems to know what's going on.  Then the killing starts.<br /><br />\\"REC\\" is unoriginal on several levels; essentially a hodgepodge of concepts and techniques that have come before, but it is damned effective because it only steals the best.  If you didn't like the style of \\"Cloverfield\\" or [[ASIN:B0013D8LA4 Diary of the Dead]] then you are unlikely to enjoy this either.  In fact, the camera might be even shakier on this one.  You'd think with a supposed pro handling the camera, the picture would be more stable.  While there is nothing approaching the deep, dark, cutting social statements of Romero's work, there is a little bit to chew on.  While interviewing residents, Angela finds one man matter-of-factly rambling about his \\"Chinese\\" neighbors (they're Japanese) and their disgusting eating habits while essentially implying that they must be the root cause of the rumored infection.  This is so very true to life it almost hurts.  Blaming the foreigners never gets old no matter what country you live in.  A very nice touch.  As the story unfolds and the characters start to unravel, the pace of the film picks up substantially.  The result is several minutes of pure chaos.  The mystery infection can take minutes, hours, or days to manifest symptoms, making everybody in the building a liability.  Talk about tension.<br /><br />While the pacing is a bit slow at times, there are some amazing scenes.  Before I saw \\"REC\\", there had been only a few children in cinema history that truly frightened me. Add another to that list.  Jaw-dropping performance.  The final act is a masterpiece of suspense and intensity.  With the power cut and the police outside practically waiting for everyone inside to die, Pablo and Angela -with their camera as the only available light in the building (genius)- attempt to escape upstairs, hoping to find an attic leading outside.  What they find is a supposedly abandoned room that contains the answers to the story's mysteries and one of the most terrifying apparitions ever seen in a horror film.  There are some amazing shots, genuine scares, violence with a little gore, and plenty of screams along the way.  My God, are there screams.  I have to say that in spite of the fact that much of this had been done in previous films, I wanted more of \\"REC\\" and am looking forward to the sequel. Not the inevitable remake sequel.  The film is a short hour and fifteen minutes and the ending was annoyingly abrupt and ended with lame music, but hey nobody's perfect.<br /><br />Either you enjoy these kinds of films or you do not.  For fans of the emerging shaky-cam horror genre, this is for you.  If you're not a fan, either skip it or take some dramamine beforehand; this one's not for the faint-hearted.  A lesson in low-budget intensity is this movie.  It is unexceptional considering what has come before, but it is executed well enough to make it well worth a watch.  Consider \\"REC\\" a rec.<br /><br />Additional message from the soapbox, incoming...<br /><br />Let's face it, people: foreign horror is kicking our tails.  It has been for a decade at least. If we want America's sleeping horror giant to wake up again, we've got to stop supporting the sub-par recycled garbage that is piling on top of it.  That means saving your cash for the films that deserve it -independent, controversial, hardcore, R-rated, uncompromising HORROR- and forsaking all others.  No Tara Reids or Paris Hiltons, no PG-13s, no Paul Andersons or Michael Bays, and no more God-cursed remakes.  Take the money for that ticket and again I implore you to go buy a DVD of the original works instead.  It'll make you a real American hero.I saw \\"REC\\", there had been only a few children in cinema history that truly frightened me. Add another to that list.  Jaw-dropping performance.  The final act is a masterpiece of suspense and intensity.  With the power cut and the police outside practically waiting for everyone inside to die, Pablo and Angela -with their camera as the only available light in the building (genius)- attempt to escape upstairs, hoping to find an attic leading outside.  What they find is a supposedly abandoned room that contains the answers to the story's mysteries and one of the most terrifying apparitions ever seen in a horror film.  There are some amazing shots, genuine scares, violence with a little gore, and plenty of screams along the way.  My God, are there screams.  I have to say that in spite of the fact that much of this had been done in previous films, I wanted more of \\"REC\\" and am looking forward to the sequel. Not the inevitable remake sequel.  The film is a short hour and fifteen minutes and the ending was annoyingly abrupt and ended with lame music, but hey nobody's perfect.       Either you enjoy these kinds of films or you do not.  For fans of the emerging shaky-cam horror genre, this is for you.  If you're not a fan, either skip it or take some dramamine beforehand; this one's not for the faint-hearted.  A lesson in low-budget intensity is this movie.  It is unexceptional considering what has come before, but it is executed well enough to make it well worth a watch.  Consider \\"REC\\" a rec.                                   Additional message from the soapbox, incoming...    Let's face it, people: foreign horror is kicking our tails.  It has been for a decade at least. If we want America's sleeping horror giant to wake up again, we've got to stop supporting the sub-par recycled garbage that is piling on top of it.  That means saving your cash for the films that deserve it -independent, controversial, hardcore, R-rated, uncompromising HORROR- and forsaking all others.No Tara Reids or Paris Hiltons, no PG-13s, no Paul Andersons or Michael Bays, and no more God-cursed remakes.  Take the money for that ticket and again I implore you to go buy a DVD of the original works instead.  It'll make you a real American hero.
0385736002|5.0|Michael Scott is, in a word, genius. When I saw The Sorceress on the NYT best seller list, I wanted to read the series from the beginning. I was not disappointed. The action is fast paced, the characters are engaging and Scott has created a fantasmagorical world of mystery and mahem that is addictive. Can't wait to dive into the other books. I hope he writes hundreds of books in this series!!!!!!!!!!!
0385339607|4.0|Methinks that John Grisham has a mellower side to his writing than we've seen thus far.<br /><br />Certainly \\"The Rainmaker\\", rather than being the legal thriller that one might have expected on the basis of his previous novels, is more of a gentle bittersweet general fiction novel comprised of three concurrent sub-plots that take place primarily in a legal setting.<br /><br />In the first story, (of course, all three are intertwined to a certain extent and bump into one another, although each of the three would serve as a fine short story or novella on its own), Rudy Baylor graduates from law school with the hopeful vision of a young man destined for a rising career in a mainstream firm well known in the field of corporate law. When an unexpected takeover leaves him jobless and facing personal bankruptcy, he is forced by unexpected circumstances into the arms of his first client. A pleansant but very lonely (and surprisingly wealthy) elderly lady offers him rental accommodation at a price he couldn't possibly refuse in exchange for a review of her will.<br /><br />In the second (and central) plot of the novel, Baylor unexpectedly becomes the attorney of record in a major lawsuit alleging fraud against a mega-rich insurance company that pads its profits by routinely rejecting legitimate insurance claims comfortable in the proven belief that only a small statistical percentage of those claims denied will actually be taken to court. His client is a 22 year old man, dying of leukemia. He can't afford the cost of a bone marrow transplant because his claim under the insurance policy he bought many years earlier has been rejected. The stakes are huge with a $10 million judgment hanging in the balance.<br /><br />In the third and final story, and certainly the most poignant of the three, Baylor meets a young woman in the hospital who has been severely beaten by her husband. As his relationship progresses from legal representative to something much deeper and much more important, Baylor begins to question his future, his objectivity and even his commitment to the entire field of law.<br /><br />\\"The Rainmaker\\" is entertaining, well written fiction that certainly speaks to Grisham's ability as a well-rounded writer who can create believable stories, populated by a strong cast of warm characters with complexity and depth, that are far richer than pure suspense.<br /><br />Highly recommended.<br /><br />Paul Weisshis future, his objectivity and even his commitment to the entire field of law.    \\"The Rainmaker\\" is entertaining, well written fiction that certainly speaks to Grisham's ability as a well-rounded writer who can create believable stories, populated by a strong cast of warm characters with complexity and depth, that are far richer than pure suspense.     Highly recommended.    Paul Weiss
0060775858|5.0|My 16 month old just loves this book. It's a must read every night. He has learned to say cow and kitty from seeing them in this book. I don't know what it is about this book but kids are drawn to it.
630522577X|5.0|ABSOLUTELY MY ALL TIME FAVORITE MOVIE!  COSTUMES ARE UNMATCHED BY ANY FILM.  MUSIC IMPECABLE.  ACTING IS STUPENDOUS!  LOVE THIS FILM.  WONDERFUL FOR ALL AGES.  WOULD BE GREAT IF THE INDUSTRY WOULD START MAKING THIS KIND OF FILM AGAIN INSTEAD OF THE \\"CRAP\\" THAT IS OUT THERE TODAY.  THIS IS TRUELY WHAT A MOVIE WAS MEAN'T TO BE!
B001KVZ6FM|5.0|Perhaps the main narrative point to be made in this movie is when the boy says \\"It's the boring stuff you remember\\". But then the whole rest of the movie is one \\"wild\\" ride after another. He even points out again, as another learning point that the wild is not the way books describe it. Ed Asner replies \\"It never is.\\" Perhaps the most significant part of this is being the kind of parent that spends boring times with your children like eating ice cream cones on a curb and having a competition pointing out colors of cars (and bikes) that go by. I have to think it would have been a better movie with an old woman as part of the picture. I picture her coming to the rescue and saving husband and boy to the surprise of the arch nemesis - who also turns out to not be like the books. Regardless of point, this movie was fun - at least for old people - to watch. One baby cried because the Doberman is again characterized as (squirel!)an evil Diablo (pace Beverly Hills Chihuahua).
0451529308|5.0|i love this book every thing about it i don't think i would read it very fast but i read it in 4 days i couldn't put it down my favorite is Laurie he is so funny and sweet, and Jo is so sweet but tries not to act like it i could go on and on. I can't wait to see the Movie I hear it is great hands down this is the best book!!!!!!!.....:)
0375704027|5.0|This is my first Murakami novel, and I was not disappointed.  It is sad, happy, romantic, erotic and very personal all at the same time.  The writing is brilliant and perfect so I do not know how anyone could fault the translation.  The characters are so real that I feel that I must somehow have know them.
