0812550757|3.0|Like most people, after reading Ender's game, I rushed to get the next  book of this series.  Unfortunately this book does not do it's predecessor  justice.  I guess Orson Scott Card took a page out of the Dune series.  He  wrote a great initial book, and with that, trapped his readers into reading  his philisophical writings.<br />While the first book was outstanding with  plenty of action, humanity and supsense, this second book concentrated on  family, religion, and philosophy.  There were times when this book dragged  on and on with annoying side stories about a certain religous sect or a  family squable.<br />The book does start out well, and tries to present many  questions after the discovery of a new intelligent species: the piggies.   But before any of the questions could be answered, Card bulldozes the  reader with family and religous stories and philosopies that the reader  will probably never care about, thus separating the reader from the main  story line for many pages.<br />This book could have been condensed  considerably, but Card probably wanted to stretch this series out to a few  more books.  Financially, who could have blamed him?<br />Also note that this  is not a typical sequel in that it's not a direct continuation.  The action  occurs three thousand years later, and with a few additions and  alterations, it could have stood alone and not have been related to Ender's  Game at all.      <br />This book does end nicely, and through the fluff there  is an intelligent, well thought out plot.  However, don't expect to flip  through this book as quickly and as excitingly as Ender's Game.
B000000OSW|5.0|Peter Gabriel is one of those strange singers that can be in the mainstream and in the avant-garde at the same time. His secret seems to be simple: he is not impressed by the commercial success that he got with So.  But also, he decided to play the mainstream game... but with his own  rules.<br />Us is a true landmark in his career. Though (let's face it!) it is  a combination between Passion and Us, this is a much darker record than So,  but also, it is a signal that Gabriel did not want to follow Phil Collins'  steps. Experimentation is still the mark in Gabriel's music.<br />Being Peter  Gabriel's most emotional and personal album, it is not easy to understand  at first sigh. However, nobody I know has qualified this masterpiece  (sometimes underrated, but masterpiece. Not in a musical, but in an  emotional way) as his worst album.<br />Though this album has its happy  moments (like the hit --and only 'mistake' in the record-- Steam, and Kiss  that Frog), Us is mostly about love, anger, loss, spirituality and vague  hope, but never as sharply treated as , say, Nick Cave or P.J. Harvey,  which is an indication of Peter Gabriel's individual mark.<br />Since this  album, Gabriel decided to get semi-retired of making records. Though he's  currently making up, he is taking his time. Take all your time Peter. Hope  you offer your very best album next.
0812589041|5.0|Great book.  No need to go into real details here, as mostly everybody has sung the praises of this book time and time again.  Though it involves an alien war and space battles, this should not be classified as just a Sci-Fi  novel.  This book basically goes through Ender's very unique upbringing and  schooling, and how it fits with the future of mankind.  This should be read  by everyone, not just hard core science fiction readers.<br />I enjoyed every  aspect of this book, from the intriguing side story of Ender's brother and  sister, the struggle of Ender trying to survive in cruel conditions for a  child, to the alien civilization that threatens humanity's existence.  I  hate to sound cliched, but this book works on so many levels.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork belongs to people like Peter Gabriel, Kate Bush, Happy Rhodes, Radiohead and David Byrne. Why?, because she mixes honest, dramatic lyrics with sonic experimentation that works.<br />With Homogenic, her most recent  and original album, Bjork not only goes in experimentation where few people  have gone but also she creates a sibling for such different-in-their-  respective-concepts albums as Peter Gabriel's Us, Happy Rhodes' Many Worlds  Are Born Tonight, Radiohead's OK Computer and P.J. Harvey's Is This  Desire?, just mentioning a few of them. <br />Most of these songs are about  love, loss and paranoia, though hope is noticeable in themes such as Alarm  Call and All Neon Like. The combination of twisted beats and the soft sound  of strings make this album interesting. In my opinion, this is her most  daring project. It's much better than Debut, and is the record that the  &quot;alternative press&quot; really should put among the greatest albums  of the 90's.<br />Homogenic is certainly a dark album, but not to the point of  being unlisteanable, if you have &quot;educated ears&quot;. This is a  really worthy record that shows how far Bjork's talent can go.
B00003003R|5.0|Amazon.com's review of this brilliant double album started offwith lyrics from Pretty tied up. (one of the highlights of thiscollection) But their career is more aptly summed up by these lyrics from the same song: Once there was this rock n' roll band, that Rollin' on the streets:Time went by and it became a joke: WE just needed more and more fulfilling-Uh-huh: Time went by and it all went up in smoke.  This is an incredible live album full of energy and potency that will leave you yearning for more. It leans heavily on songs from their debut album but also includes most of the better songs from the Illusions albums. (with the notable exception of COMA and Civil War which appears on foreign releases of Live Era)but listening to the 2 cd's straight through reminds me of the incredible talent that was, but will never be again. Because GNR imploded and the original lineup will never be back. But anyways This album is great Rock n' Roll plain and simple. If you are reading this and are confused because some people call them a metal band, they are not, they are a Rock n' Roll band. No matter your musical taste you will like this. On another site I checked out what they recommended if you liked GNR and the albums ranged from Janis Joplin to Led Zeppelin to Green Day to Metallica to Doors. Hows that for diversity. As for the songs themselves most of them are fantastic but the runaway highlight of the album is Rocket Queen which is also the only song that has an extended jam period. Other (selected) highlights include pretty tied up(a song I used to skip over on the Illusion album)your crazy, and out ta get me. As you listen to each track it strikes you as odd how talented this band was, especially slash, and how talentless bands are today less than ten years later. Think about the last time you heard groovy guitar work from a popular band. Only RATM's Tom Morello churns out viable guitar work nowadays. No matter how many people i offended with the last comment the truth must be told this album rocks and anybody will find something to savor in it. No matter how much you hate Axl Rose and his inflated ego or other members of GNR there is no denying that this album rocks.  My only qualm is with the lack of infamous rants which Axl delivered day in and day out, and improvisations in the songs. This is not a concert but a collection of live songs that remain close to their original form, so concert energy is lost( but alot still remains)Anyway if you want to see a live concert of theirs you can pick up the Use Your Illusions videos live from Tokyo or many of the bootlegs which abound on the internet. Something which the band kinda supported. Anyways in conclusion this is a great cd collection that everyone should own.
B0000029GA|5.0|THIS IS THE TIGHTEST C.D. ANYONE CAN OWN! IT HAS BEATS THAT ARE AMAZING, AND LYRICS THAT FLOW RIGHT WITH THE BEATS. NAS IS A GREAT RAPPER. HE IS BETTER THAN MOST OF THEM OUT TODAY.SO IF YOUR TIRED OF ALL THE CASH  MONEY,NO LIMIT,AND RUFF RYDERS PICK THIS UP.IT IS TRULY A HIP HOP MUST  HAVE.
0425129616|5.0|I love mysteries! I'd read all types of Nancy Drew books and wanted more.  So, I picked up The Mysterious Affair at Styles at the library, expecting a  writing style similar to Carolyn Keene's. How wrong I was! Agatha Christie  writes wonderful, mysterious plots that twist and turn in every chapter!  I'd reccommend this book as a first read to someone who's never read Agatha  Christie. Even though it was Christie's first, it must be one of her best.  Enjoy!
6305041156|5.0|Akira Kurosawa's ingenious blend of Shakespearean drama, traditional Japanese art, and an examination of the perilous nature of life in the modern political world radiates masterfully restrained tension from the  very first scene. As the opening credits hover over a landscape rendered  with colors more reminiscent of traditional Japanese painting than of  modern cinematography, horse-mounted warriors in expressive, finely-crafted  period costumes look down from a hill. They see many paths surrounding them  in the distance. The subdued yet anxious music urges us to wonder, which  path will they take? The following sequence, a montage of a pig hunt led by  the menacing (and seemingly all-powerful) Lord Hidetora that reaffirms  Kurosawa's stature as the world's greatest film editor, gives us a hint in  the direction of this movie's shocking and dramatically unsurpassed ending.  Ran is one of Kurosawa's eight masterpieces (the others being Rashomon,  Ikiru, Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood, Yojimbo, Red Beard, and Dreams;  however, I haven't seen Madadayo or the uncut version of Dodesukaden yet  and they may make ten). Anyone wishing to have even the most basic  understanding of what cinema is and what it will become in the future MUST  see these movies. Kurosawa made three basic types of movies: experimental  narrative (Rashomon, Dodesukaden, Dreams); personal dramas (Ikiru, Red  Beard, Madadayo); and action epics (Seven Samurai, Throne of Blood,  Yojimbo). Ran is the culmination of the development of the latter. It  integrates a grand scope into a tightly controlled and simplified  structure, displays extraordinary technical ability in everything from a  small, perfectly formed circle of scheming people to an endless stampede of  attacking horses and their felled riders, and creates characters and  especially places that exhibit a Dostoevskian polyphony (for those  unfamiliar with the work of the master of voices and choices, this means  that they seem to exist as objects independent of their creator). While Ran  has a plot based on Shakespeare's King Lear and is costumed and acted in a  style similar to Japanese Noh theater, one need not be familiar with either  in order to understand it. The simultaneous descent of the land and  Hidetora's mind into a state of ran (chaos) is made clear and crisp by the  careful psychological composition of the frames and the sharp poignancy of  the sounds and dialogue. By the last shot, we forget that its just a movie,  forget that we're not in 16th century Japan, and we are surrounded by  doubts about the integrity of our world. However, Kurosawa's movies, and  Ran especially, work on a three viewing principle. All of the above can be  absorbed the first time around, but Ran is so lush with images, sounds, and  philosophies that even as the movie's beautiful soundtrack plays and the  credits begin, it immediately invites us to see it again. The second  viewing suggests another layer of meaning. Clouds and the sky, which bring  up clear associations of god, feature prominently in many shots and  sequences. Before Hidetora has the dream that causes him to make the  strategic mistake of dividing his kingdom among his three sons, there is a  cut to a brief shot of clouds moving across the sky. In the superb montage  accompanied only by music that depicts Taro and Jiro's forces storming the  Third Castle where their father, Hidetora, and his entourage are, there is  another short cut to light streaming from the heavens just as the soldiers  stream through the castle's broken walls. Finally, the shot where one of  Jiro's soldiers on horseback announces preparations for the war that will  eventually destroy the Ichimonji clan is framed almost entirely against a  background of unmoving clouds in the sky. The image of Buddha is shown  twice: once before the aforementioned attack on the Third Castle, and again  as part of the ultimate desolation of the movie's ending. All of these  instances call up images of god at precisely the most hopeless and  nihilistic points of the movie. Also, the sound of the high-pitched  Japanese flute is heard thrice: once when the still powerful Hidetora kills  the pig at the beginning of the movie, once when Hidetora's is driven  insane anew by the memories brought up by the blind Tsurumaru's playing of  his flute, and once at the end of the movie when Tsurumaru stands alone at  the edge of the cliff. This indicates a chain of harm, but if Hidetora  caused the pig to suffer and Tsurumaru brought up memories for Hidetora  that made him suffer, who, then, is causing Tsurumaru's suffering? Several  times the movie brings up the abuse of power. Hidetora orders his men to  destroy a peasant village, but after he discovers that the peasants were  not insulting him, we don't see him reverse the order. Jiro abuses his  brother Taro's weakness and takes over the kingdom from him. Also, Lady  Kaede, instead of responsibly helping to govern the land over which she is  queen, deliberately strives for its destruction. These actions and their  results move up in magnitude until we are left with the final question: who  is responsible for the destructive forces that run wild in this whole  world? After the second viewing, one is left with the very serious issue of  divine guilt. The third viewing of Ran, though not as forceful as the first  two, brings further reward. We begin to pay close attention to the  compositions, and see how they change from harmony to disharmony as the  movie moves along. The backgrounds are carefully positioned so that a  variety of deliberate symbols and spaces appear behind the heads of  appropriate characters. We start hearing the small background noises of  animals and artillery that make all the difference. Kurosawa makes expert  use of new sound technologies, as the positioning of sound from appropriate  speakers in Dolby Stereo is just right, and every gunshot and clap of a  horse-hoof is recorded with individual crispness. Yes, there are some  movies better than Ran, but I can count them with my fingers.
B00004STPT|5.0|After seeing the movie (which was excellent) I had to have the soundtrack. I am generally not someone who buys soundtracks, but this one is exceptional. It probably helps that Mr. Zimmer &quot;borrows&quot; quite  liberally from a number of classical compositions: Holst's Planets (Mars)  most frequently, some of Prokofiev's Lt. Kije, Wagner's Siegfried's Funeral  Music, and others. I guess that's pretty good company to keep (it's always  worked for John Williams, at least). The music ties in expertly with the  action on the screen. The relentless ferocity of the battle music is very  intense. The more ethereal, introspective selections are also powerful.  Every time I play this music I want to run out and see the movie again.  This is very compelling stuff and the performances and recording quality  are superb.
6304936362|4.0|I watched this great movie with wonder at all the restored vintage B-17 bombers used in the filming. When one watches as they take off and land with such dangerous imprecision, it's remarkable to realize how far we've  come technologically since those dangerous days of daylight bombing by the  Americans (the Brits went at night) and the murderous losses over German  skies. All of this as depicted was before we developed the P-51 with its  much longer range and its ability to escort the bombers to the target area  to fend off Luftwaffe fighters who shot down so many bombers in 1942, 1943,  and 1944.<br />This is a wonderful movie, very accurate, authentic, and  quite appealing. Starring Matthew Modine as the Pilot of the fabled  \\"Memphis Belle\\", the first bomber crew to accomplish its mission tour and  be returned to the states (to sell war bonds, among other things), is  retells the amazing story of how thousands of kids as depicted here went  off to England to fly thousands and thousands of planes through the  perilous skies of Europe in a sustained effort to bomb the Third Reich into  submission. Off they went, seeking the industrial and urban targets,  knowing full well they might as well have had `bullseyes' painted on their  fuselages.  The costs of flying the missions in terms of lost people and  planes were almost overwhelming to the Allies.<br />The story is told in all  its fullness, and one comes to recognize just how many of these plucky kids  leaving the air field would never come back, as the daily losses to German  fighters, flak and mishap were atrocious. Yet they went up again the next  day and the next and the next, in a dazzling display of uncommon courage,  tenacity, and maturity beyond their tender years. This is a poignant and  well-told, scripted and acted story brilliantly photographed on location  over the hills and dales of bonny olde England, where it all unfolded in  its grand yet grisly magnificence fifty some years ago. Watch and rememberber
B00004SST6|5.0|Today, my husband presented this CD to me as a surprise. Boy was I suprised!  The CD is great. Everything on it is wonderful. Jazz lovers, if you love George, buy this CD you will love it.
B00004SCX6|3.0|This album is not bad,her whining voice gets pretty annoying after a few songs,yet the songs actually have an pretty good beat, but not good enough to drown out her voice. i would not recommened this album.
B000002IZ4|4.0|What a follow-up! This one shows them playing and writing with more maturity and has a good balance between heavy and soft throughout. &quot;Vasoline&quot; was a tremendous hit for them. It is very edgy and  reminds me somewhat of skate-punk. Don't ask me why. &quot;Interstate Love  Song&quot; shows some of the aforementioned maturity and is my all-time  favorite STP song. Everything about it is great. That's about as much as I  can elaborate. Just listen to it yourself so you can get your own  impression. &quot;Army Ants&quot; is another edgy song and the opening  reminds me of something that Joe Satriani would do. Again, don't ask me  why. Last but not least, there is a hilarious bonus track which is on a few  minutes after the last song. It reminds me of Monty Python. I think they  mixed up the titles on this album. The BONUS track should have been called  &quot;Lounge Fly.&quot; Anyway, if you're into alterative and don't have  this one yet, get it. It's a classic.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This album is not what the average Peppers fan expected. Bythis I refer to the orchestral arrangements, the thoughtful lyrics,Anthony Kiedis' vocal performance, and the atmospheric shifting- sombre, funky, heavy, gentle + all the other musical moods of the melodic rainbow...  This is one of the few 'Theme' albums I have heard that actually sticks to the theme (the theme of course being: California and it's place in the world).  It's sometimes difficult to tell whether the boys are praising or demeaning their adopted state, but it nevertheless makes for interesting listening.  For me the album classic is Savior, a multi-layered effort sparkling with pure genius. The lead vocal soars into orbit for the first minute or so, all the while supported by an anthemic melody (crank up the volume, by the way). Things then take a gentle turn- soft drums, tinkerbells and bass kick in to form something more in the Simon &amp; Garfunkel stable, but these guys do it brilliantly. The tempo continues to evolve in this fashion, the final result (in my mind) being the finest song ever crafted by the dudes from Pennsylvania.  Strange to devote such a large portion of an album review to one song, but this is an example of the album's depth- Savior not being one of the mainstream Californication songs. There are other concealed gems (eg Right on Time, Road Trippin') take my word for it- this album is jampacked with innovative, captive numbers worthy of a good listen. Take the leap and you will never look back...
B000002UA0|5.0|There are 2 camps of Pink Floyd Fans. Most are pro-Darkside Waters/Gilmour Floyd fans, believe that Darkside and The Wall are their best work, and do not appreciate &quot;The Piper&quot;, depict it as only a history of Floyd.  While, minority like me, believe that The SYD period is the heyday of Pink  Floyd. Why? This album SINGLEHANDEDLY changed rock forever. It's the  beginning of Progressive rock, the record that free rockers from Blues and  enter the realm of techno-dreams and free-form jams. Everycut there are  unique and colourful. Surprising and shock you unpredictably. Best cut:  Matilda Mother and Flaming. I remember I used all my pocket money to buy  this money, then secretly listen this album during the break of the  lessons... wow~! The sudden burst of lyric in Matilda Mother &quot;why you  have to leave me there, leave me in the infant air...waiting....&quot;...  and the impossible adlib breathing sound during the solo. No wonder Syd  gones crazy , he's too other-worldly.
B000006ZL4|5.0|Symphony X occupies an obscure corner of the progressive metal world, best described as ::deep breath:: symphonic neo-classical progressive speed metal. When one thinks of progressive metal, you usually think of the genre's most eminent champion, Dream Theater. Makes sense, considering all the Dream Theater clones out there. But Symphony X is no Dream Theater clone. Malmsteen-like guitar heroics, fiercely heavy riffs, symphonic keyboards, Queen-like vocal harmonies, and Russell Allen's godly metal vocals are all part of the package. Forget the Dream Theater comparison... Symphony X is something else entirely, and it's something awesome.<br />Many praise The Divine Wings of Tragedy as the band's best work. Although I'd personally suggest that such an honor goes to their 2000 release V, this one -- the band's third album -- does make a strong case. &quot;Of Sins and Shadows,&quot; while far from the album's best song, is all it will take to enthrall any metal lover. Devastating, bass-heavy riffing, Allen's vicious vocals, and majestic choral harmonies. Oh, and the solos. Guitarist Michael Romeo and keyboardist Michael Pinnella are one of the best lead teams in the genre. Romeo combines godly speed with amazing sweeping technique, and Pinnella's glistening synth leads will slay almost anyone. What's better is their approach, where they alternate leads, usually guitar-keys-guitar-keys. To borrow a Mike Portnoyism, the solos kind of &quot;shrink and grow&quot; into each other, creating a seamless effect even though the instruments are changing. I realize I'm probably not describing it very well, but it's awesome.<br />The album's title track is one of the best 20-minute progmetal epics out there, along with Dream Theater's &quot;A Change of Seasons&quot; and Power of Omens' &quot;Test of Wills.&quot; &quot;The Divine Wings of Tragedy&quot; is basically a metal iteration of Holst's &quot;Mars - The Bringer of War,&quot; with a sublime two-minute a capella opener, where the band sounds like a bunch of Gregorian monks. The middle section, called &quot;The Prophet's Cry,&quot; is one of the most powerful moments from any metal record, where Allen growls with unrivaled venom &quot;Banish all kings from the face of the land,&quot; underscored by destructive &amp; fast riffs.<br />Also incredible is the 10-minute piece &quot;The Accolade,&quot; blending exhilarating metal riffery with sophisticated violin synths, bells, pianos, and machine-gun like percussions. This is perhaps Allen's best song, as he sings a beautiful vocal solo with a grandiose church organ backdrop. Finally, there is the album's ultra-progressive closer, &quot;Candlelight Fantasia&quot; which is one of the most musically compelling songs I've ever heard. Telling the possible story of a raging musician, the song's breadth of texture and tempo are incredible. Sometimes it's haunting, sometimes beautiful, sometimes heavy, but whatever form the song's demeanor takes on, you will ceaselessly marvel at the band's innovative melodies and arrangements.<br />Everything else here is good: The mini-epic &quot;Pharaoh&quot; (a good companion for Iron Maiden's &quot;Powerslave.&quot;), the speedy neoclassical cuts &quot;Out of the Ashes&quot; and &quot;The Witching Hour,&quot; the symphonic yet blisteringly vicious &quot;The Eyes of Medusa,&quot; and the dynamic and thrashy &quot;Sea of Lies.&quot;<br />On a supplementary note, this is one of the best-produced metal albums ever. The clarity between the instruments and vocals sacrifices nothing, which you'll understand when the thick, bass-heavy riffs pump through your speakers while Allen's vocals are poignant and clear. Well, if I had to complain, I'd say Jason Rullo's drums don't hit as hard as they do on V (Rullo didn't play on Twilight in Olympus). But that's nitpicking, really.<br />What are you waiting for? Buy it. Now. Don't let the (somewhat) steep import price deter you...it's worth every penny. (Note, however, that InsideOut Music America will be releasing the entire catalogue domestically.)de Out Music America will be releasing the entire catalogue domestically.)
B000001FXR|5.0|This is arguably the best Reggae album ever. Bob Marley make a consistent chain of superb albums but this one transcendds for 3 reasons: 1. It's the first, raw, brave attempt of the wailers, while the latter efforts  nevertheless crafted and &quot;popurlarized&quot; for a little bit...2. The  contribution of Peter Tosh make it more unique and outstanding. 3. It  contains those less-known great songs that seldom contained in the best  collections. I love &quot;COncrete Jungle&quot; and &quot;Slave  Driver&quot; the best. The surprising bass riff for &quot;Slave  Driver&quot;, wow! The lyrics, excellent, socially-conscious, covered with  Jamaica sunshine.
B00004C4KZ|5.0|Don't be fooled by the late cheap electro-syn Tangerine Dream. Their real power lies on their first 4 album (From electronic meditation to Atem) and vanished after the success of &quot;Phaedra&quot;. Atem and Alpha Centuri  are their best records. Both are the best exemplars of cosmic krautrock.  The eerie aura, stellar jam of mellotrons and keyboards, sparse yet  effective ambient arrangement... avant-grade at best. The best cut is  &quot;Wahn&quot;, it's just like the realm of a nightmare. ... &quot;fauni  gena&quot; makes you feel lost in Amazon rain forest, facing death.  Excellent electronic music.
6304132271|5.0|This films was better than I expected it to be, then the second time I viewed it I even liked it more. <br />     The first time I really liked the movie but I didn't think the ending was as good as all the reviews said it  was,but I didn't find it as dark and gory as many reviews said, so I was  mostly satisfied.        The second time I viewed it the ending was much  more clear, so now I do need to say that the ending truly was as good as  people said it was, after paying even closer attention.<br />I recommend this  movie to fans of serial-killing psychological films, or devoted Morgan  Freeman and Kevin Spacey fans.
B000002UA5|4.0|The live album, well, sounds weak if you've listened to the original studio work. Disappointing. The vocal is poorly balanced and some are only barely audible.  The true merit of the album lies on the experiments of the  individual members. The opener &quot;Sysyphus&quot; is a damned dark work,  very mystic...the feeling is that it's a record of an ancient war... an  epic! Roger's pastoral &quot;Grantchester Meadows&quot;, when placed in  this side, sounds incredibly strange yet pleasant! Then is the freak out  &quot;Certain furry animals...&quot; nonsense chanting. David Gilmour's  &quot;narrow way&quot; is heavily influenced by &quot;interstellar  overdrive&quot;, I'm sure, but he want to make it more complex and too many  sheets of sound make one overload... the lyric is of course nonsense, but  the singing is ok...and Iremember the licks inside is later borrowed in  &quot;Another brick in the wall&quot;! Nick Mason's work is the poorest,  good in-and out-tro, but the middle 8 minutes is totally forgettable drum  work.  I regard this as the most far-out experiment of Floyd. It's weirded,  sometimes brillant, yet it's too unfocused to be a better record then  Darkside.... Yet this is a surely Pink Floyd record. Outstanding.
B000002JOF|5.0|My wife and I had the opportunity to indulge the entire album on a recent road trip. She is more the country and folk fan; I am more the rock, jazz, fusion fan. Yet we both listened in silence and agreed it is a coherent,  moving album that we will enjoy again.    'Daytona' and 'Texas' are my  favorites. 'Daytona' is a love song to an emotion.  It says as well as any song I've heard what speed and fine machinery stir in us - an emotion that is hard to speak, but that we all share.  \\"Twelve wild horses, in silver  chains ... you please me like no other\\".   And if the song 'The Road to Hell'  doesn't raise goosebumps and the hair on the back of your neck, you should consider whether you're still alive.        This album lives in our top 20 CDs box.
B000002J0B|5.0|After breathless &quot;IV&quot;, how do Led Zeppelin follow up? Answer: another magnum opus. &quot;The song remains the same&quot;, nothing is the same, the guitar work is impressive and excellent, &quot;Rain song&quot;  reveals a surprisingly romantic LZ (!) and &quot;over the hills and far  away&quot;, great accoustic guitar work. &quot;Crunge&quot; is quite  interesting and energetic, &quot;Dyer Maker&quot;, a sudden  reggae-influenced song... then two epics &quot;No quarter&quot; and  &quot;Ocean&quot;. Less harsh as the former 4 albums, nevertheless it  shines on. Bohams' fascinating drumming is at apex, too, not to mention  Jimmy Page's guitar.
6305903182|3.0|I'll give this movie 3 stars because there is some merit to the film.  But, the original screenwriter (Kevin Williamson) would have done a much better job.  Instead of taking us on a thrillride of the horror genre, this  new screenwriter walks us through the plotlines of the first two flicks.   The help video from Randy in the middle of the movie made no sense.  It's  important to make a great movie, not a great sequel, which is what I felt  the writer was trying to do.  There is a difference, and it was painfully  obvious in this film.  Many of the scenes were mediocre at best and did not  set up a suspenseful thread like the first two flicks.  I wish they would  not have done the film at all unless Kevin Williamson wrote it (I guess the  initial outline--which he submitted at the same time as his original  &quot;Scream&quot; screenplay to the studio--was not enough to carry the  movie; maybe the producers thought it would have, but if so then they were  way wrong).  One good thing about the movie: an appearance by &quot;Silent  Bob.&quot;  I don't think many people knew who he was when I saw this movie  in the theater (he's a character from films like &quot;Mallrats&quot; and  &quot;Clerks&quot;--if you haven't seen those, well, you should see them  right away--they are really funny movies).
B00000ILBK|4.0|A film that is true to Star Trek in every way, Insurrection is a formidable addition to the Trek library. The story of a &quot;darker side&quot; of the Federation shows continnuing innovation among this  ensemble group. The film perfectly captures the &quot;look and feel&quot;  of the crew, and it gets all of the &quot;little things&quot; (torque  sensors, Picard's music, balsamic vinagrette) that made the show so  wonderful. The visual effects are spectacular and are worthy of the DVD  format. The sound quality is superb as well. This movie and DVD is worthy  of the Star Trek name.
B00001U0GQ|1.0|I love this film on VHS, but director Michael Mann has removed from the Director's Expanded Edition DVD, the fabulous piece by Clannad, &quot;I Will Find You.&quot;  That's the number that gets your heart racing as  Hawkeye climbs up mountainsides to rescue Cora.  Why Mr. Mann did this is a  mystery, but he surely did lower the overall entertainment experience of  watching this DVD.  They should call it the Director's Diminished Edition.
6305127638|4.0|Finally! A Star Trek movie that critics enjoyed and was worthy of the Star Trek label. The visual effects are wonderful! The DVD enhances the wonderful film. The &quot;little things&quot; which show the relationships  of the crew are present (You told him about the statue?) but not nearly as  present as in Insurrection. The cameos of Reg, EMH, Alyssia all add to the  film, and help &quot;smooth&quot; things over. There are lots of wonderful  moments in the film. Technically speaking, the DVD has lots of well thought  out chapters, stunning FX, great sound quality and wonderful enhancements.  This is a superb movie on a great medium!
B000002GXJ|4.0|This album is one of my more favorite ones yet, because of the way that the solo leads are played (such as on Hotel California, Life in the Fast Lane, and Take it Easy).  They differ from the way they were originally  recorded, and Take it Easy didn't even have a lead in it's first recording.   I like hearing the differences between the way they sing as well...they  added different harmonies, changed pitches at different spots, and  concocted an awesome LIVE sound!  I recommend this for any real Eagles fan!
6305350205|4.0|Mortality, Faith, Religion, God, Pain, Emotion, Logic - what doesn't this film have? The story is solid, and the acting is there. Yet there is something missing from this film which would make it a classic. The Visual  Effects are pleasing, yet they do not push as far as their predecessor's or  their successor's. The DVD quality is good, but not great. Yet the DVD is a  good addition to a collection - the character moments are wonderful. The  relationships explored (Kirk/Spock/McCoy of course, but the Uhura/Scotty  relationship too!) allow the view to see what happen after a lifelong  service - Friendship. Perhaps that is the real final frontier.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Like most of you true metal listeners out there I too was anxiously awaiting the release of the new Maiden album. Both  Bruce Dickinson &amp; Adrian Smith have returned to add fuel to the fire. This album just rips  your speakers with loud drums,pumping bass, melodic guitar playing and the  voice that is Maiden, Bruce D. I love this album from beginning to end and  I just can't stop playing it loud. Silents Palnets is one new song that  just keeps playing in my head. All of the song writing is top notch. This  is what you'd expect from these creative musicians. Other favorites include  Ghost of the Navigator and Nomad. Metal keeps the tourch burning thanks to  new material from the metal gods Dio &quot;Magica&quot; and this new Maiden  release. Catch the new Iron Maiden video for Wickerman. I've seen it  playing on VH-1's Return of the Rock. Be sure to look for this great new  video that features the wickedly likable Eddie and the band.
B000002LFZ|5.0|ESSENTIAL FLEETWOOD MAC I AGREE WITH SEVEN WONDERS SHOULD OF BEEN IN THIS ONE BUT YOU KNOW HOW THEY PUT THESE GREATEST HITS TOGETHER ALWAYS MISSING 1 OR 2 GREAT SONGS THAT WE ALL KNOW SHOULD OF BEEN IN THEM BUT I'M SATISFIED  GOOD CD GET IT..
B00000IQBL|5.0|THE MOST REALISTIC EXPERIENCE OF THE MILITARY..
B000002MTU|5.0|ERIC IS AWSOME HE CAN PLAY THE BLUES ERIC HAS  BEEN AROUND FOR A WHILE AND BY FAR PROOVED HIMSELF TO THE WORLD TO BE A GREAT GUITARIST SINCE THE  BEGINING IF YOU LIKE THE BLUES OR ERIC CLAPTON OWN THIS ONE AND GET HIS  MOST RECENT BLUES CD
B000002BYA|5.0|ONE OF MY BEST LIVE ABLUMS I OWN THIS ONE IS ON MY CD RACK NEXT TO-JIMI HENDRIX-BAND OF THE GYPYS ANYTHING LIVE BY SRV SHOULD BE IN YOUR COLLECTION.
B00004THAY|2.0|Stevie we miss you. I'll have a blues at sunrise!
B00004TJTQ|5.0|I saw this movie in a theatre filled with small children.  Throughout most of it, you could hear a needle drop; during the last, surprising ten minutes, the entire audience was in loud gasps of sadness and joy -- and  trust me, I am not giving anything away.  This is one of those rare family  movies that move you, inspire you and teach children about things that  really matter.  The pitch-perfect intensity of Kevin Bacon and Diane Lane  as the parents, and especially the winning Franki Muniz in the lead role,  bring to life the small-town adventures of a boy who doesn't quite fit in.   For anyone who ever loved a dog, this movie will have a tremendously  powerful effect on you; for those of you who think pets are for the birds,  this movie will probably make you reconsider.  For everyone, My Dog Skip  will delight you, and will move you deep within your heart...it is about  life's wonders: growing up, learning to love, letting go.  I can't wait to  own this.
B00004THAY|3.0|Stevie, we miss you! I'll have a blues at sunrise.
B000001EYO|5.0|THIS SOUNDTRACK IS COOL I LUV THE VERSION OF HOTEL CALIFORNIA BY THE GYPSY KINGS, BOB DYLAN  MAN IN ME, KENNY ROGERS 1ST EDITION-JUST DROPPED IN TO SEE WHAT CONDITION MY CONDITION WAS IN YEAH WHERE IS THE CCR TUNES HMMM ?
6301966562|4.0|Long before computers became a household norm this movie expressed some of the concerns of those unfamiliar with them. In this age of incredible CGI effects and super computers it will may seem like ancient technology. Although Electric Dreams is somewhat dated now since it was released in 1984, mainly because of the age of the computer (circa 1983), it is still a very entertaining movie. It has a rather different slant on Boy gets girl. Boy gets computer, boy meets girl, computer is jealous of boy having girl, computer wreaks havoc with boys life, boy looses girl, computer and boy fight, computer gives up girl, boy and girl shall be together forever. The comedy/drama are great and the music is some of the best I've ever heard on any movie soundtrack. I have been pursueing the studio to find out why this isn't on DVD yet. My understanding is there are some issues because of all the music artists that were used agreeing on it. I grabbed a used VHS copy here because this is rarely on television and even rarer in a video rental store anymore. Let's hope they work the problems and get this out on DVD soon because this is a classic 80s movie. All the others like &quot;Breakfast Club&quot; and &quot;Ferris Bueller's Day Off&quot; have been out on DVD for ages. I'm not even a Gen Xer, I'm a baby boomer, but I love the 80s movies. This is one of the best romantic comedies from that period. Don't miss it if you get the chance to see it.
B00003CWN2|2.0|More like 2.5 stars...     Well... The movie had me completly lost until about the late middle of the movie. I wish they would've explained what he/she was running from in the first place, why he/she had to be in court,  who the other characters were...? I can't say it was a horrible or even a  bad movie. It kept my attention(a little) and touched me in a slight,  saddening kind of way. I just don't think it was my &quot;type&quot; of  movie...
B00004THAY|5.0|...when you put two masters together to sing the blues?  Put this one in your car cd player, crank it up, and you got the &quot;key to the highway!&quot;   Excellent in every way.  Glad these two got together to  duet before it's too late.  Ranges from bare bones blues to electric  full-out cool.
B00003CWN2|2.0|More like 2.5 stars...     Well... The movie had me completly lost until about the late middle of the movie. I wish they would've explained what he/she was running from in the first place, why he/she had to be in court,  who the other characters were...? I can't say it was a horrible or even a  bad movie. It kept my attention(a little) and touched me in a slight,  saddening kind of way. I just don't think it was my &quot;type&quot; of  movie...
6300271285|5.0|In a sense, Little Shop of Horrors perhaps may be the be the best musical ever presented on screen.  Why?  Because it's overall genial playfulness and spirited musical numbers, with likable, affable characters played  brilliantly by every cast member, makes you feel as giddy as a  five-year-old child watching saturday morning cartoons.  This film is a  triumph of heart, music, and the best special effects money can buy.  It  would be sad to think if this movie was made today that Audrey II would be  computer special effects.  It would remove the soul from a very important  character, and it would be less impressive.  The giant plant is a marvel of  film, with it's quick verbal expressions and human characteristics.  The  music of the film, however, is what makes everything work.  Unlike the  other Little Shop of Horrors, by Roger Corman, the black comedy is actually  funny, and the side-step love story between geeky Seymour and pretty Audrey  actually is touching and heartfelt.  All in all, Little Shop of Horrors is  an experience only to be felt, and again, and again, and again...
B00000K19E|5.0|This is a great movie.  Even though it is confusing at first, if you see it more than once, you will be thrilled.  The DVD makes the sounds and special effect flow fluidly after a great performance by Keanu Reaves and  Laurence Fishburne.  The Matrix is a must-by for DVD.
B000002H33|5.0|Possibly without knowing it, Master Of Puppets broke down many walls, and not just with it's music...<br />       It's a known fact that today's musical society of angst-ridden teens gudge by a criteria known as, &quot;I don't  care if this band is a bunch of mindless egomaniacs: Just as long as the  music is tough as s**t.&quot;         Master is not only proven that tough,  but it also provides a message, almost more like a story. With this album  Metallica provided the metal business and even some that society with depth  and demention. Something other thrash and especially not big hair bands  could do. Even the bare music itself supplies the pefect mood that makes  you feel that everything James says is happening before your very eyes.<br />         What can I say? Megadeth, Anthrax, Slayer, their all great. But  compared to what Metallica has provided, and how well the have used their  potential, they simply don't stack up.<br />        In short, this is why  Master Of Puppets is the best there is, the best there was, and damn well  the best there ever will be.
0553208845|1.0|When I was first assigned to read this book, I was really excited in learning about Siddhartha and in enhancing my knowledge of Buddhism.  However, in the course of my reading, I found the novel fallacious.  It blemishes the true life story Siddhartha Gautama and the Buddhist ideology.  The selfishness of Siddhartha is displayed in his search for knowledge and in his dealings with everyone around him. This selfishness, which was never possessed by the real Siddhartha, annoys me exceedingly.  Instead of pondering and reflecting in his mind, Siddhartha always seems to be whining.  He whines about how to control his Self, about not being able to learn anything, about his regret for his sudden corruption....  Then, he makes excuses for himself.  All of a sudden, he believes that his corruption makes his mind clearer.  I know that a lot of people think that his quest for knowledge and Nirvana is enlightening, but I would like to say that these people do not truly understand Buddhism and everything that it stands for.  A Buddhist does not seek for knowledge in the selfish way that Siddhartha does in the novel.  He wishes to understand the sufferings of life and solve life's puzzle in order to help others and himself achieve Nirvana...
B00004UEDQ|4.0|Sandra is indead talented,she just never got the perfect role to show it to us! Well here it is! And she did dammn good work! Her best film since &quot;Practical Magic&quot; with a serious theme but also funny in a way!  At her side the terrific good acting &quot;Elizabeth Perkins&quot; who  playes Sandys Sister! This picture contens some very imotional scenes and  some terrible funny ones! I cant wait to hold this DVD in my hands! A must  see!
B00004T40X|5.0|I've heard a lot of power metal, and I love stuff like Gamma Ray and Edguy, but there is a quality about Sonato Arctica that really shines out. The band has a good balance of drums, guitar and vocals, and it just sounds  great.<br />Too bad it's so hard to get in the US
B000002C25|3.0|In Britain prior to this album Oasis were, rightly, the biggest band in the world. The hype up until its release was enourmous with TV and radio specials adding to the excitement.<br />I remember finding out when the first  single 'D'you Know What I Mean'was going to be played on radio so i could  here it straight away. It was on BBC Radio One and i tuned in and thought  yes! Oasis had moved on even further using backward guitar and strong  harmonies - i eagerly anticipated the albums release.<br />It started with the  aforementioned single which sounded great. Then came the first  disappointment 'My Big Mouth' a song that is very loud, layered with  guitars but it lacks a descent tune and just relied on Liam's vocals. It  should reaaly have been a B-Side. <br />However i thought that would be a  one-off and i was pleased when hearing the masterful 'Magic Pie' with a  chorus to die for. It is songs like this that makes you realise why Oasis  are the best band around today. My faith in Oasis was restored. Then the  radio friendly 'Stand By Me' came on and was yet another epic but really  was too predictable a tune to be anything special its ok though.<br />'I Hope,  I Think, I Know', like 'My Big Mouth' was more concerned with the volume of  the song rather than the tune. It didn't do anything interesting, but it  has a rousing chorus you can't help but like. 'The Girl In The Dirty Shirt'  could only have been written by Oasis - a bluesy number with a great tune  and witty, typically north England lyrics. <br />So far the album was  extremely good in parts and average in others. The next track is the most  experimental song on the album 'Fade In-Out'. It is a wonderfully athemic  song with elements of west-coast America, rock,country with great harmonies  and sensational vocals by Liam. 'Don't go Away' can be put in the same  bracket as 'Stand By Me' in that it is a pretty predictable ballad, though  this time the song was allowed to breathe and the emotion comes outa  little better.<br />'Its Getting Better Man' is another songs that should have  been left as a B-Side as it isn't particularly interesting and you feel  Noel wrote it in a few minutes. However, a rocker that does work on the  album is the title track 'Be Here Now' with an early 60's tune and an early  glam feel it allows Oasis to do what they do best and still keep it  interesting.<br />Now we come to 'All Around The World'. Plain and simply this  song isn't good enough. It was one of the first songs Noel ever wrote and  it shows. It is made up of obvious chord changes that begin to bore after  the first few listens and adding to this is the fact that it is 5 minutes  too long (something Noel really regrets).<br />The disappointing reception to  this album led to the downfall of Brit-Pop and our charts were again  plagued with boy and girl bands who mean nothing to real music fans. It  didn't help that Noel criticised the album himself, when perhaps he should  have kept quiet.<br />If the album was made up of the eight best songs on it  (tracks 1,3,5,6,7,8,9,)then it would be a great album. As it is, 'Be Here  Now' (by Oasis' high standards) is just ok.
6303443214|4.0|I saw this movie before I first read Anne Rice's novel, which I think was a good thing.  I started off without any preconceptions.  When I first saw it, and even now I think it is a fantastic movie.  The acting is all around  superb, Brad Pitt manages to capture Louis' tortured emotions toward his  victims, Tom Cruise is gorgeous, sexy, and proud to be an indiscriminate  killer (&quot;none closer to God than We&quot;), and finally Kirstin Dunst  is incredible as Claudia, innocent and evil, totally adult.  Before I read  the book I was content with everything in INTERVIEW.  However after I had  read it I wished to see more of Armand.  He was so mysterious and delicious  in the novel that I was surprised that there was so little of his  interactions with Louis in the movie.  But oh well... the movie is still  one of my favorites, and no little inconsistancies are going to bother me.    -Eli@
B000000WA2|2.0|Before this album was released in 1995 British music was in itsbest state for 25 years. British bands such as Shed Seven, theChartatans and Cast (all worth checking out) were given a chance by the Brtish music industry not forgetting, of course, Oasis.   Blur's single 'Country House' and the Oasis single 'Roll with it' were due for release on the same day in Britain and it was an all-out war. Blur stole the number one spot to crown themselves (rightly) as 'the biggest band in Britain'. And so on to the album.  As usual Blur's lyrical, satirical genius was there with it's comment on the recent introduction of the National Lottery ('It Could Be You'), a wonderful array of English eccentrics ('Ernold Same', 'Charmless Man', 'Country House') and a Lennonesque use of words in 'Dan Abnormal' -an annogram of Damon Albarn . But, as later admitted by Damon Albarn, he forgot about about the songs themselves.  Yes there were strong elements - the quirky 'Country House', the haunting 'He Thaught of Cars' and the beautiful 'Yuko and Hiro' but the magic of Parklife had gone. Over-production was the main element which took away from the emotion of songs such as 'This is a Low' and 'End of a Century' on their previous album.  Blur rightly took 2 years off to re-think there musical direction and Oasismania swept the nation but we new Blur would be back - but we would never have even attempted to guess what direction they would move into. They were, and still are that one-step ahead....
B00000JCOV|5.0|This cd is plainely awesome, they had some great guitar riffs and the songs are great.Some of the songs like &quot;Spit it out,Eyeless, and Surfacing&quot;. If you like the band KoRn and if you like the band  Deaftones with deep and hard lyrics you should go out and buy this cd now.
B000002BBY|5.0|There have been two great periods for music this century. Firstly, the mid-sixties. The Beatles, Stones, Kinks, the Who, the Byrds and the Beach Boys.  The second...? The mid-90's.<br />At last in Britain is was  acknowledged that Brip-pop was the best musical form around. Bands like  Blur, Shed Seven, The Charlatans and of course Oasis were selling millions  of records, teenagers had something to identify with and it wasn't  manufactured rubbish.<br />The following album i am about to desribe is the  most important and arguably best album since 'St Pepper'.<br />'Morning Glory'  kicks off with 'Hello' leading you to believe that the album may just be a  pastiche of 'Definately Maybe'. Your views are backed when 'Roll with It'  kicks in, a four-minute rocker but not much more...<br />Then you here the  first acoustic chords of 'Wonderwall' and you know this will be special.  Cello, drums, and guitar is the simple, effective line-up used, which had  been taken over by synthetic, plastic insruments in the 80's that didn't  work. This is then followed up with the 1996 single of the year 'Don't look  back in Anger', which restores your faith in real music again - aswell as  showing Noel's love for John Lennon.<br />The two weak tracks on the album are  'Hey Now' and the fun 'She's Electric' (the latter a Digsy's Dinner  copy).<br />'Some Might Say' has all the elements for a great pop/rock song  and when listening to 'Cast No Shadow' you can't help but fill with  emotion.<br />The most complete song on the album is 'Morning Glory'. This has  been described as the &quot;most perfect rock song of all time&quot; and i  can't disagree. Noel's most meaningful lyrics, a great tune, great guitar  playing and a vocal performance by Liam that can only be described as  staggering.<br />The album is rounded of nicely by the epic, 'Champagne  Supernova' (though possibly too long) but thta didn't matter - Oasis ruled  the world.<br />Not only was this album extremely good, it was also very  important. Without it 1990's music would have been very different and that  is why it is one album you must have in your collection. Timeless.
0316777722|5.0|Just wondering through a small independent bookstore one evening, having  just been talking to  a colleague about writing nonfiction, this book  caught my attention.  Paging through it, stories regarding  &quot;France&quot; caught my attention. (One of my favorite places in the  world!)  Sedaris's name sounded vaguely familiar (NPR).  Got it home and  cherished each story, laughing at every page, reading bits out to loud to  friends.  Really fun, relaxing, enjoyable!
B000002AS3|4.0|Up until 1994, mainstream music in Britain was boybands, nothingness pop and uninteresting dance music. Then five lads from the working-class area of Manchester came along will the most exciting debut album heard for a  generation.<br />Along with their then arch-rivals Blur, they helped true  English music return. Liam Gallagher gave us the the most exciting voice  since Lennon and Noel Gallagher wrote the most meaningful melodic rock  tunes since Lennon/McCartney.<br />With typical Manc arrogance they open the  album with 'Rock'n'Roll Star' a statement that no-one could deny.  'Shakermaker' was a druggy psychedelic masterpiece with Liam on top form.  <br />They then follow this with the best song of 1994 -if not the most  important of the decade 'Live Forever'. It is the most perfect pop-song  possible - expressive lyrics, great tune and Liam making a statement that a  generation could hold on to &quot; we're gonna live forever&quot;.<br />The  pace continues with 'Up In The Sky' turning people everywhere to attempt to  pronounce &quot;fly&quot; and &quot;feel&quot; in a way only Liam can.  British music was top of the world.<br />Psychedelic rock anthem 'Columbia'  was the first demo Oasis ever put out, and Creation boss Alan McGee heard  it and new he had to sign &quot;the best band since the Beatles&quot; as he  rightly put it.<br />The bands first ever single in Britain was 'Supersonic'  and it got 'single of the week' in the three leading British music papers.  Something big had arrived - you could feel it. Noel's arrogant rhyming of  'Supersonic/Gin and Tonic' and 'i know a girl called Elsa/ she's into  Alkaseltser' typified there 'two-fingers' attitude. <br />'Bring it on Down'  somehow manages to increase the pace and the rock doesn't let up.  'Cigarettes &amp; Alcohol' became a song all of 1990's youth could identify  with. The classic guitar riff was played by budding guitarists everywhere  and North England became cool again with &quot;imaginasheeeeunnn..&quot;  being sung throughout the land.<br />'Digsy's Dinner' lets the album down  slightly. In this tongue-in-cheek song Noel writes about his mate Digsy,  his life in Manchester and...lasagne!<br />Anthem 'Slide Away', completes an  album full of unrelenting melodic rock tunes before Noel shows the other  side to his songwriting prowess ending with the delicate 'Married with  Children' (which if Noel had been more confident back then you feel that he  would have taken up the vocals).<br />It can not be underrestimated how  important this album was. It may have been bettered by there follow up but  this was where it started and we couldn't wait.
0767805712|5.0|Gattaca is a superb movie about science advancements in the future. The photography is breathtaking and the soundtrack is excellent. Ethan Hawke gives a great performance as does Jude Law. Overall one of the best movies  to come out in 97.
B000002TQB|4.0|Released in 1994 in Britain along with Oasis' Definantly Maybe, Britain's youth could enjoy real music in the mainstream for the first time in 25 years.<br />The rivalry between Blur and Oasis began and listeners chose  between middle-class surburbia and the working-class north. <br />The release  of 'Girls and Boys' shocked the nation and went straight to number one  displacing nothingness boybands and pre-teen pop. Music was back. The fact  that the song was nothing more than average Blur did not matter - people  could see the difference betweeen a proper song and a manufactured  artificial band for the first time.<br />The album itself was Blur's biggest  commercial sucess coming at the right time to Britain's empty youth in a  similar veign as the Beatles in 1963. With catchy tunes such as 'Parklife'  and 'Girls and Boys' people of all ages could appreciate the songs and , as  ever, Blur's lyrical genius.<br />Album tracks such as 'The End' and 'End of a  Century' move you like no other of recent times and the sarcastic 'Magic  America' cleverly shows the plasticity of the USA that everyone, especially  Americans themselves, can identify with.<br />Having said this, looking back  years later the pruduction and mixing was poor with Graham Coxon's guitar  work nearlly filtered out completely, and there were a couple of fillers  Bank Holiday and The Debt Collector, but when you can end an album with  undoubtably the best song of the 1990's 'This Is A Low' and help make  British music the envy of the world once again frankly, it doesn't really  matter.
B00000099Y|5.0|There is no question that this is definately Tool's best CD. I have just started recently listening to Tool and I realize they are one of the best rock bands of all time. Lead singer Maynard James Keenan has an excellant  voice, too. The best songs on here are Stinkfist, Eulogy, 46 &amp; 2, and  Aenima. I'm looking forward to Tool reuniting and making a new album next  year.
0380788624|5.0|Possibly the best book I've ever read.  (I'll need to read it a couple  more times to make sure.)<br />Laughed so loud I woke (notoriously  narcoleptic) family members in distant rooms.<br />LOVED the dwarf analogy.   Always considered myself an elf, but Neal's theorum does a lot to explain  my waistline.  (But we know who REALLY made the rings of power.)<br />Snow  Crash was a joy, The Diamond Age was brilliant (if a little slow), but  Cryptonomicon is Stephenson's very own killer app.<br />Thankyou.
0783117388|5.0|This show, with the four amazingly realistic characters, in odd, but more and more seemingly typical situations, is not only amusing, but provocative. The show is great entertainment, but some of the eposodes also  deal with things that may hit just a bit close to home, making you feel  completely normal in this wierd world that had come to be so diverse.  Another great thing is how the 4 main charaters, (Carrie, Miranda,  Charlotte, and Samantha) are all so different, but each has a  characterisdtic that you can identify with. You see your problems being  delt with and solved, right on TV. This show is great for any  &quot;mature&quot; person.
B000002572|4.0|This cd is excellent, except for &quot;Hitchin' a Ride,&quot; which I believe is about suicide. But it's the only filler song I've ever heard of from Boston. The rest of the cd has cool songs, and my favorite is  &quot;Peace of Mind&quot; and the BIG, BREAKTHROUGH Boston hit &quot;More  Than a Feeling,&quot; being an extreemly close second. And to think it all  started here. In short, I would recommend this cd to any classic rock fan.  See 'ya later!<br />Sincerely,<br />Music fan.
0767903854|5.0|I am a longtime Bryson fan, ever since I bought 'The Lost Continent' on  cassette during a long-ago trip to England!  Imagine walking into a London  bookstore and coming across a travelogue of the US written by an ex-pat  American.  I fell in love with Mr Bryson's sense of humor and his unique  ability to make all that he saw so clearly visible to my own mind's  eye.<br />I read the books but I've always also bought the audiobook versions  because these are books that just HAVE to be heard.  Mr Bryson's pleasant  voice has lightened many a long mile for me while I've driven long  distances over the same US roads he wrote about.  It's always been a  disappointment to me that the audiobooks were abridged.<br />Well, not this  one.  Finally we can hear Mr Bryson read every word of this wonderful  description of the sights and stories of Australia.  I smiled, I frowned,  sometimes I laughed out loud...and once I even cried.  I love this book.   Thank you, thank you so much Mr Bryson for finally giving us an unabridged  reading of a wondrous book.<br />And now, having listened to it, I'm reading  it and enjoying it all over again.
0316777722|3.0|I enjoyed stray lines from TALK, but overall it seemed much less like a cohesive whole than NAKED and certainly less surprising and funny than BARREL FEVER. Some of the essays were downright pedestrian. Vertical food presentation? Who cares. Sometimes they lose luggage on airplanes, too. And  the rant against technology? Hey, how about an article about how tough it  is to program a VCR. Some of the pieces seemed tame enough and [slow] enough  for NPR but not insightful and edgy enough for a book with David Sedaris'  name on the cover.
6304765231|5.0|I have to say that this is one of my favorite movies of all time. When I got my DVD player, this was the first movie I got. It shows just how tragic the loss of Brandon Lee was, as he proved in this that he was more than  just an 'action' star.<br />The setting is a dark drama that has plenty of  pulse racing action, while at the same time it is also a love story. Energy  packed fight scenes will truly amaze you, as they are choreographed at a  pace that will rarely be scene again. At the same time look past the action  and you will see and feel the love and the loss in this. The music is also  a great addition to the story, as it seems to capture the scene and only  enhance it.<br />Based on the comicbook of the same name, it is one of the  best of such adaptations to ever be brought to the screen. It stayed true  to the story and the flavor, and didn't cheapen itself by taming itself to  pander to the kiddies like Spawn did.<br />&lt;MINOR SPOILER BELOW&gt;<br />The  story is of a man and woman slain on the eve of their wedding by a gang of  lowlifes for a trivial matter. This pain carries over with him to the other  side, and makes his eternal rest impossible. So he returns to revenge the  deed, so he can finally rest. The twist is, he is already dead, so he  doesn't need to eat, or sleep. This also makes him almost unstoppable, as  how do you kill a dead man? That trick is the ending of the movie, so that  will be left out, but it stays with the mythic story line and flavor  nicely. He proceeds to find each involved in the slaying one by one, and  exacts a fitting revenge on each of them.
6303201954|5.0|Now I can appreciate that a lot of people disliked this film for the wooden acting, which is certainly true. None of the performances were very good. However, as a film, it works astonishingly well. The special effects,  most especially the interior of V'Ger are among the most imaginative ever.  The only other movie that comes to mind regarding a voyage into the unknown  is 2001(another movie with wooden acting). STTMP is a great feast for the  eyes. There are few films that come close. It must be seen on widescreen to  appreciate. And also, I much prefer the shortened version to the extended  one. The latter includes the silliest scenes and ones that add little. A  must see on widescreen.
B000003N89|5.0|Diana did not show off her voice in this album.  You would not experience the playfulness and flamboyancy saturating songs of Della Reese in this album.  But the understated, almost shy quality of her voice and her  treatment of the songs in this album made them that much more personable  and moving.  Her interpretations in this album never failed to carry an air  of in-ward looking reflection as if she was lost in her own reminiscence of  her love.  Such interpretation presents her songs with a trusting  atmosphere of sincerity and innocence and stripped of any flirtation that  penetrated some many other female Jazz singers' songs.  It almost feels  like, at times, that she is carrying on a private conversation with you  just as a friend or a neighbor would on your coach or at the kitchen table.   The songs grow in you.  After a couple listening, you cannot go without  them.  <br />In this album, Diana also demonstrated the ease, mastery and  confidence with which she performs the piano.  She had FUN on her piano.   The piano work in \\"I'm An Errand Girl For Rhythm\\" and \\"Hit That Jive Jack\\"  would set the most wooden body on fire and start moving.  No doubt this is  the most refreshing Jazz album I have encountered.
B0000027RL|5.0|In my opinion, an album needs to fulfill at least one of two requirements to be considered great. The first: Uniqueness of sound. No past or future recording will ever sound quite like Ten, no matter how hard bands such as  Creed may try. Much as they do on Mother Love Bone songs, the drums have a  full and echo-ey feel to them. The bass and guitars blend in concert in an  unrepeatable fashion, and sound almost as if they are being played live.  Most people, upon hearing Eddie Vedder's voice, hear only its low range and  supposedly &quot;angry&quot; sound. These people fail to realize that the  singing on Ten is remarkably tight and clear. The songs are complex and do  not resemble those of any other band. All these elements blend together to  form a sound never heard before or since. Second factor: Beginning to end  enjoyment. Master/slave brings you in and takes you home, without as dull  spot along the way.
B00002MMQ4|5.0|well, this is the same as the UK version of definitely maybe apart from the fact that it has two extra tracks. the second is cloudburst which orginally appeared as a b-side to live forever. the first is sad song, a  track currently only available on LP (bar this import). this one song (a  must-have) is worth the price tag alone...
B00000J6AG|5.0|I've been a longtime MOBY fan, and I was the first kid on my block to purchase PLAY when it debuted in `99. Let me start off to say that if I could pick one CD to loop continuously through my brain, play would be it.  There's a different rhythm and groove to this album than any other-I was  slightly taken back by the debut of ANIMAL RIGHTS a few years ago-and I  wasn't expecting anything groundbreaking. As an electronica (trance,  specifically) and classical music fan (nice ecclectic mix, huh?), I found  PLAY to satisfy both of my musical needs. Play is the type of album that is  timeless, one that you will hear and wonder how you could ever live without  it...and the tunes never grow old or tired. And it provides a hope that  despite in this age of homogenius music that there are still promising new  sounds.
B00004TEWP|5.0|Britney has done it again, but this time with a harder, edgier sound.  This album was so much better then the first, and I love the first album.  In this album she has shown that she has grown as an artist.  She had more  control over what type of music she wanted on this album, and the music she  chose is off the hook.<br />Tracks:<br />1. &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; -  This song is so good.  Although, it is similar to &quot;...Baby One More  Time&quot;, it is still a show stopper.<br />2. &quot;Stronger&quot; - I like  this song a lot.  It has a good beat and I love the dance break.<br />3.  &quot;Don't Go Knockin' On My Door&quot; - This is one of my favorite songs  because it has a more R&amp;B vibe to it.  It shows Britney's  versatility.<br />4. &quot;Satisfaction (I Can't Get No)&quot; - The remake of  this song is awesome.  I have to give her mad props for this one.<br />5.  &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot; - This is a great ballad.  A  definite plus.<br />6. &quot;What U See (Is What U get)&quot; - I love this  song.  Another favorite.  I love the intro with the violins.  This should  be a single.<br />7. &quot;Lucky&quot; - Another favorite.  It has the  &quot;Stand By Me&quot; beat to it.<br />8. &quot;One Kiss From You&quot; -  This song is good, not one of my favorites, but it's good to listen  to.<br />9. &quot;Where Are You Now&quot; - This is a great ballad.  It's more  mature sounding, then let's say &quot;From The Bottom Of My Broken  Heart&quot;.<br />10. &quot;Can't Make You Love Me&quot; - This is a great  uptempo song.  The dance break is really good too.<br />11. &quot;When Your  Eyes Say It&quot; - I really like this song a lot.  I love the strings in  the song.<br />12. &quot;Girl In The Mirror&quot; - This is a really great  song.  One of my favorites.  She should've kept this on the US album.<br />13.  &quot;You Got It All&quot; - Another great cover song.  This song really  shows Britney's vocal ability. Definetly a favorite.<br />14.  &quot;Heart&quot; - I love the strings in this song.  It's a really good  song, but just a little sappy.  It's got a good beat though.<br />15.  &quot;Dear Diary&quot; - Another sappy song.  Britney co-wrote this song so  i have to give her some credit, although, I think she could've done better.   It's cute though.<br />As you can see, overall, this album is really, really  good.  I love it.  I suggest you go out and buy it.  And if you're a  Britney Fan, you should definetly have this import.  It's great!
B00000J8EK|4.0|I bought this CD a few weeks ago, just from a store. I wasn't expecting anything groundbreaking, but at least something worth listening to a few hundred times or at least until I got some more money and could buy a new  CD. The Chemical Brothers employ a sound in Surrender that is not exactly,  but not completely unlike the CD Exit Planet Dust. There's a lot of Drum n'  Bass in this album, and I have found that the Chemical Bros. have begun to  conform more to the mainstream style of music, but still keep some of their  unique edge in their beats. The Chemical Brothers are perhaps one of the  only current, promising electronica artists that have emerged in recent  years to join the mainstream music family. <br />I would highly recommend this  album to any type of drum n' bass fiend (I personally prefer trance,  although d&amp;B isn't far behind). There are groove beats on here, but  this album also tends to stray from the former trance-y, purely electronic  album that I have become accustomed to from the Chemical Brothers. However,  this doesn't mean the album is not worth your while, despite the somewhat  slight switch in genre, it is still an album worth listening to.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Although people have A LOT of different views of this movie, I enjoyed it, as basically, it does what it sets out to do, and that is to be a big brash summer blockbuster.  On the DVD side of things, I think this two disc set  is amazing. Disc one contains both the standard movie, and the special  edition version, with brilliant quality picture and sound.   Disc two holds  all of the extras, and this is where the disc shines through. To start  with, the animated menus are AMAZING, and then there is almost everything a  fan of ID4 could ask for, although I wouldn't have minded seeing some more  of the promotional stuff, like the posters and a press pack, maybe.   All  in all, if you are a fan of the movie, just go ahead and treat yourself,  you could do a lot worse.
B000005S37|5.0|I first bought Metal Machine Music in the cut-out section at aWoolworth's in '76.  Admittedly I only listened to it once at thattime...(I was 16 and not as yet enlightened).  Years later I saw the record in the window of a cool used record store in Harvard Square. Oh, by the way in case you don't know what the recording is about, it is 60 minutes of total feedback noises. Sonic mahhem upon your senses! There is no resemblence here to music theory and structure. But that's where the peice is arguably considered &quot;art&quot;.  I lost track (pun intended) of the vinyl version of MMM but have since been reaquainted with it's majesty on CD. Lou claims it to be a final recording for his contract at that time. Bravo to him for &quot;sticking it to da man&quot;! I read in the liner notes to the box set Between Thought and Expression that Lou went to Japan and the airport played MMM over the PA system to herald his arrival. Metal Machine Music is not music, but then again sometimes the sound of pneumatic tools and construction site jackhammers ARE music. Lou was far ahead of his time, predessesor to the industrail music revolution whether he knew it at the time. Listen to this recording as the flip side of today's &quot;relaxation&quot; discs. You know the ones...Cape Cod Morning, Babbling Brook, Baby's Heartbeat from The Womb, etcetera etcetera.  It just might wake you up from your media-induced numbness!
0792833236|1.0|Sure, there are great actors early in their careers, but it's a very uneventful and disturbing movie.  Plenty of bad language.  No plot worthy of your time.  As for my father and I,  it's a &quot;Two Thumbs Down&quot;  kind of movie.
B000023X9W|3.0|I admit, the naughty Neil strikes my ears, I appreciate when he mixes his sounds in his albums, the easy listenings with the rebel tunes. He does this well in his &quot;Harvest&quot; album. But listening to this just  reminds me that Neil is getting old. Buy &quot;Silver and Gold&quot; if you  are in a stage of life to get all sentimental. &quot;Good to See You&quot;  is definetley a solid song -- it is short, striking, I can continually  listen to it, and the song deserves a spot on a movie soundtrack.  &quot;Razor Love&quot; is another powerful song;it makes me a little  teary-eyed. I have always felt that Neil was a man to listen to if you  wanted to relate to someone, share emotions and all. Buy this CD if you  feel the repose coming in your life, Neil Young will settle you down with  this one. It is silver, but the gold is not polished- you'll have to rub it  for a while.
0440219078|5.0|This book has such vivid details of an unfair world.  Sure, everyone is employed, fed, and cared for, but our daily treasures - snow, family, choice - is gone.  But when Jonas becomes the Receiver of Memory, he learns  what life should be.  This life is not the life that existed in his  Communtity, but the life that existed before - and still should exist  today.
0345363132|5.0|Penman effectively shows that there is a side to Richard III that has been  forgotten over time.  The novel teaches the reader about the kind man who  was deeply devoted to a country, a family, and a woman he always loved.  It  also gives an explanation to the murder of the &quot;princes in the  tower&quot; that shows Richard, not as the cold-blooded killer, but rather  a man who trusted those who called themselves his friends, and would never  have laid a finger on his brother's children.  For anyone who finds English  history interesting, this is a must read.
B00004THAY|5.0|Listening to what BB and Eric produce, you feel their passion for music while on top they enjoy what they're doing. A must for anyone, just great !
B0000028SR|3.0|This has some terrific tunes-57 Channels-Real World-Human Touch-Man's Job, but the playing is the most listless, standard studio fare I've ever heard..no subtlety, spark, variety..what have you..I much preferred the  Acoustic versions in concert, Lucky Town  released the same year has that  powerful, raw sound this one should have had...
B00000DD2D|3.0|Despite their good intentions, the producers invited too many Brits aboard.  The songs end up cluttered and the parts by Beck et al seem punched in. A better album to really hear Rogers in the best setting is his  1990 album for the Antone's label, LUDELLA, where he's surrounded by people  who have worked with for many years and aren't taking a vacation from being  rock stars.
B0000028SR|3.0|This has some terrific tunes-57 Channels-Real World-Human Touch-Man's Job, but the playing is the most listless, standard studio fare I've ever heard..no subtlety, spark, variety..what have you..I much preferred the  Acoustic versions in concert, Lucky Town  released the same year has that  powerful, raw sound this one should have had...
B00004RE7C|5.0|Kirk, Spock, McCoy...the Holy Trinity of Science Fiction.  Their relationship has been the cornerstone of a great many classic Trek episodes, which is why they will be highly regarded by Trek fans all over  the world even without the fancy schmancy special effects present in the  new incarnations.  In my opinion, this movie really hits home the bond  these characters have, both to themselves and us as well.<br />While I feel  &quot;Wrath of Khan&quot; is the best of Trek movies, &quot;Search For  Spock&quot; is in a dead heat with it.  The pace is slower, the mood is  darker but the humanity in it has never been better.  <br />In this movie,  Kirk loses probably the only things that rival his bond with Spock...his  son and his ship.  It's wrenching to see unfold.  Yet, as McCoy says in the  movie Kirk always seems to &quot;turn death into a fighting chance to  live&quot; and that is definitely shown here.  The movie has some of the  best visuals of any Trek movie. The characters of Chekov, Uhura, Sulu, and  Scottie are still a powerful force in the movie though their screen time is  not as great.  On a personal note, the scene of the Enterprise  self-destruct had a tremendous effect on me when I saw the movie in a  packed theatre in 1984.  Any Trek guru who says they didn't have a lump in  their throat when the blackened hulk of the Enterprise, the symbol for (at  that time) nearly 20 years of imagination and wonder, slowly arcing into  the Genesis atmosphere in a blaze of glory must have been sleeping or dead.   I remember complete and utter silence in the theatre.  It moved  people...big time.  Unfortuantely, with the Next Generation and Voyager  blowing their ships up seemingly every week, the effect has been lost.  The  ships, while as graceful and powerful as ever, for some reason never seemed  to grab me like Kirk's Enterprise did.  But, I digress...<br />This film shows  vividly the sacrifices that one could have to make for the friendship of  one person.  Kirk for all intents and purposes lost everything dear to him  to try and save the one man he felt closer to than anything else in the  universe.  It's almost Biblical in a sense...a simple question with  tremedously complex answer:  Would you be willing to lose everything for  someone you cared about?  <br />Classic Trek has always had the gift of posing  these questions and those trappings are shown once again in this movie.   &quot;Khan&quot; was the action movie with &quot;Search&quot; being the  spiritual movie.  Bravo.
B0000035E7|5.0|Bleach definetly shows a slightly different side of Nirvana.  I would say that it's because it's basically pre-fame and pre-Dave Grohl.  However, this CD is a must for anyone who enjoys Nirvana or grunge rock in general.   Bleach is definetly one of my fave Nirvana CD's.  It's good to have an  album out there that is a little different than all of your others.
B000002IO8|5.0|I'm not sure -- other than in formal classical music -- that I've ever heard anything as moving as Milt Jackson's vibes solo on the adagio from Concerto de Aranjuez.  Yeah, the piece is over-recorded but, WOW.
0553573403|5.0|Have you ever had one of those days where you go to your local book store  and scan up and down the various bookshelves in search of something to  read? Constantly looking for a book that will hook your interest and never  let go until the read is complete? Well, that's exactly what I was doing  when I came upon George R. R. Martin's &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;. Two  weeks ago, I decided 'what the hey' and bought the book, and although I've  only read over 300 pages, I had to write a review. This book is the BEST in  fantasy fiction I have read since R. A. Salvatore's &quot;Dark Elf  Trilogy&quot;. The writer has a great talent where his use of the english  language is so rich that you constantly crave the book. Don't get me wrong,  though. This is not your typical fantasy book with monsters, dungeons, and  dragons. But please don't let that fool you! This book is only a few years  old, and it has already become an instant classic from day one.  I'm so  excited to have found a real &quot;page-turner&quot; that I had to express  my thoughts. Five stars go to &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; without a  second glance. Take a chance and buy it NOW!
B00000IL1K|5.0|Amazing. I can not think of a better word to express my thoughts of this cd. Ever since i heard Sarah B. on the origonal london cast of &quot;The Phantom of the Opera&quot;(my favorite musical ever!), i have loved her  voice. Every song she sings, she sings with gentleness and operettic  pizzaz. She makes opera fun to listen to (and i hate opera!). Sarah  Brightman can truly sing every style of music immaginalble. From pop-rock  (Eden) to opera (Nessun Dorma) to folk songs (Dust in the wind) to love  songs (Bailero), she does it ALL!  I'm sure she could do country or rap if  she wanted to! I can't name any favorite song because i love all the songs  on this cd, especially &quot;Deliver Me&quot; and &quot;Only an Ocean  Away&quot;. Buy this cd and help Sarah Brightman to become an International  Star!
0684874350|3.0|I have just finished re-reading &quot;AA&quot; for a book club and I must  say I was less impressed the second time.  A lot of the incidents now  strike me as &quot;mythic&quot;: stern attitude of the Church, love  encounter with the sick girl, escape to USA. Almost a quest motif. That is  not to say that the book wasn't at all interesting but the second time  through I began to notice things.  A great work of literature for me can  open up to me with each new reading, open up with something  new/hidden/outsanding/astonishing.<br />But I would like to answer the reader  from Ireland.  This is not &quot;Irish&quot; writing at all.  McCourt spent  years as a writing teacher at a NYC high school.  This is American  literature, pure and simple, simple enough to play to the heart strings.   When I think of Irish writers, I think of Yeats, Joyce, Mabinogion, Flann  O'Briens' novels and newpaper columns.
0425152251|5.0|I found this book to be facinating.  I love the premise, and how the key  tenents of a specific philosphy is wrapped around a situation.  What I also  found facinating was that with the exquisite language it contains, it is a  translation.  I would also extend my kudos, therefore to the translator  Paulette Mo/ller, as well as Jostein Gaarder.
0671027344|5.0|This is an amazing book.  It describes the freshman year of an emotional, unusual teenage boy.  Throughout this year, he deals with issues both &quot;good&quot; and &quot;bad&quot; (such relative terms) such as sex,  drugs, girls, friendships, peer pressure, school, family issues, music, and  just plain growing up.  Many of his issues are issues that most or all  teenagers have to deal with when going through high school, and unlike many  sappy &quot;realistic teen novels&quot;, this one seems very realistic and  very precious. In the form of letters to an acquaintance, Charlie's story  can be touching, hilarious, and very painful at different times.  A  must-read.
068484267X|4.0|McCourt does an excellent job writing in the tone of a child.  His memoirs  makes the reader appreciate what he/she has.  It opened my eyes to a world  I could never imagine.  I recommend it, especially for summer reading.
B000000993|5.0|Finally, a band which actually is what I would consider rock!  Tool is a violent, cynical, and very perverse band like no other.  Listening to it is like eating Piksy-Stiks spiked w/ acid.     KoRn, Limp Bizkit, that whole  pop thing, etc. don't even compare.  The only band that rivals these  monsters is Rage Against the Machine.  What differentiates these two bands  from the usual loud, obnoxious weirdos on the rock scene is that they jam  w/ a purpose, they're not just out there to clog the airwaves and blow your  eardrums.  The music stays w/ you and makes you think.    Undertow is  absolutely fabulous, and although it's not quite as aggresive and AEnima,  it definately rules.  I just plug this CD in, turn up the volume, and  enjoy.  Not a song on there that annoys me.       All in all, Undertow is a  crisply produced, thoughtful, and for God's sake, LOUD CD!  So go out and  buy it already!     By the way, if you enjoy these fellas, buy some Rage  Against the Machine, System of a Down, Static-X, more Tool, Deftones, and  Nine Inch Nails.
B000003B6J|5.0|TOO BAD THEY DONT MAKE GANGSTA RAP LIKE THIS ANYMORE...............
B00004SU5J|5.0|I travel the world and spend many hours in music shops. One of my staff gave me this CD today as they know my taste in music. I have played it already five times tonight and had to search for more - where are they?
B0000024JN|5.0|CLASSIC OLD SCHOOL ALWAYZ GETS THE PARTY JUMPIN'!
078322687X|5.0|A must DVD for anyone who was in high school in the 80's. Probably teenagers today could relate to it too. The picture quality was excellent. The sound quality was adequate. Some short notes on the making are included  with some bios. A must have for anyone nostalgic about their high school  years.
6300183971|4.0|I have watched both versions of Dune. I love them both. I would like to know how I can get a copy of the long version. I have searched,but can't seem to find it.It is a very good movie.
0783225725|4.0|Not many extras included in this one. Some short interesting notes on the making of the film and a trailer are included. The picture quality and sound were adequate. They didn't seem as bad a 'Widescreen Review' makes it  sound. My second favorite Eastwood western next to 'Outlaw Josey Wales' and  a must for any Western collection.
B0000026HB|4.0|OK- before you turn up your nose and start making comments about FD's highly individual style and whether it works in Verdi (doesn't FD's unique tone bug you in Italian stuff?), he is wonderful here. He makes this work  in so that you believe that he would do a fine job of speaking the words in  a production of Shakespeare's play. Even a single word like  &quot;Ebben?&quot; is pointed in such a way that it's not only  communicative but just plain funny, and he doesn't resort to the kind of  low-rent Dulcamara buffo bluster that you usually hear. As you can imagine,  Resnik rises to the occasion, and her scene with FD is absolutely  priceless. Berstein is wonderful as well, giving the music such life that  worn-out music review phrases such as &quot;rhythmic vibrancy&quot; don't  begin to describe it. The playing is incredibly tight and full of zing, and  the climaxes are huge and breathtakingly (but not breathlessly) fast  (dangerously yet exhiliratingly so) and the insidiously difficult final  fugue will make you leap out of your seat.  The only flaw (and a nasty one  it is) is the singing of Sciutti which is just AWFUL. Fluttery,  unsupported, sour, out-of-tune, utterly devoid of feeling or understanding:  Snow White without the charm. Couldn't Berstein have gotten anyone else?  What were his regulars doing that week? Blegen- hell even Farrell would  have done better.  Still, FD and Bernstein are worth putting up with one  unlistenable soprano.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Simply excellent. It blew me away.
0783226063|5.0|Hardcore SF fans may not be allured to the way this masterpiece shows technology but the gothic, dark, smooth, misterious way things are presented to us is pure magic. A must-see to all good film lovers, not just  Sci-Fi fans.
1573225517|5.0|This book is so real and the story so tangible its hard not to relate to the story or to the character. Its clever, unpretentious, hilarious and so unbelievably real is scary. One of the best books Ive read in a long time,  one of those books that make you sad when you are finished and makes you  want to read more. What am I gonna do now? Can somebody please tell Nick  Hornby I want to read more about this character?
0800177975|4.0|I can see why film critics panned this movie.  When has a critic ever given a straight up action movie a good review?  However, the fans all seemed to not like it either.  Why is that?  This is a very entertaining  movie!  The classic cheesy Arnold one-liners are there, but it's done on  purpose...it's part of the Jack Slater character.  The action is great and  the comedy is just right for an Arnold flick, although there's a bigger  focus on it than most of his other action flicks.  Not only that, but, to  go with the cheesy one-liners is a stereotypical, nearly one dimensional  villain.  This is not a negative...it fits right in with the feel of the  movie.  <br />This is a definite must see for any Arnold fan out there.  I  thoroughly enjoyed it.
014028009X|5.0|Most certainly, guys will find it amusing and entertaining it as well, especially in getting to know the &quot;backstage&quot; of a womans lifestyle and her innermost thoughts and obsessions. But to fully enjoy  this book -sorry guys!- youll definitely have to be a woman. It is so  unbelievably true to our nature. It shamelessly details every single  thought and mental process that flows in a womans mind with a hilarious  and honest tone that turns it into an oasis in the middle of the dessert,  and makes you think &quot;oh my god, Im not the only alien, low-calorie  freak on this planet&quot;. Cant miss it.  This novel is the female  version of Nick Hornbys High Fidelity.
0812548094|5.0|This book was great.  I can't say which book I liked better, WFR or this  one.   The story starts right off where it left you in WFR.  The characters  were alive and made me feel like I was right there with them on there  journey.   Richard finds out that he made a few mistakes in WFR and has to  set them right.  Richiard gets captured and collared again but this time by  the sisters of the light.  Yet while Richard was captured he accomplished  and learned what was needed to save the world once again from his father  Darken Rahl and the Keeper of the under world.  In the mean time Kahlan  tries to find Zedd to tell him that the sisters of the light have Richard  and she too gets side tracked into a midland war.   This book is a adult  book, no quetsion on that, but I love the way it was written.  If you read  Wizards first rule and enjoyed it you are going to love this one also if  not more.
B000002U9W|5.0|this is the first real alternative album ever made.Pink floid brings us one of the best progressive albuns ever made;it is a mix of the pop songs ,made by the beatles, with the very different textures offered by the doors  songs. this album is known, here in Brazil for the song summer 68 , a  beautiful and very inventive song the embryo for the subsequent floyd`s  career.   <br />               vinicius ribas    from brazil
0684865130|5.0|Catch-22 is perhaps the best book I have ever read. It shows how crazy war really is, and how crazy people can be. The characters in the book are like friends of your own, you know them like you have for years. I feel the  deaths which occur in this book just show how war is a terrible and  fruitless thing. The book is as funny as it is tragic. I praise Joseph  Heller on his work, he investigates the human mind and soul, shows how  horrible we can be, and how kind we can be.
B000021XR5|4.0|Ever since Scott Weiland has been clean from drugs it seems his music has gotten clearer, and crisper (if that makes any sense).<br />Who knows if was written before his drug rehab, but my impression is... this is some of  their best work yet but the sound seems safer for radio.<br />&quot;Sour  Girl&quot; which has touches of Beatlesque rhythms, has the potential of  being a Top 10 chart topper if given its deserved due.<br />Weilands vocals  sound at the top of his game.  The production and writing is great but not  the best. I do feel &quot;Core&quot; was one of their strongest CDs, and my  favorite all time song of STP is &quot;Vaseline&quot;.<br />However this is a  strong CD showing another side of STP and Weiland, while it rocks, it also  shows a softer and more vulnerable side of Weiland.<br />With other strong  songs like &quot;Pruno&quot;, &quot;Glide&quot; and &quot;Down&quot;, this  group will be visting the Modern Track Charts on Billboard frequently.<br />A  nice surprise, and well worth the wait.
B0000296SI|5.0|ok this is a really good cd and i really recommend you buy it. I agree with some of the other reviewers who said that you should listen to their other cd's and not just enema because you heard some songs on the radio.  Seriously, you have to buy the old cd's they are great. However, i disagree  that they sold out. First of all I think the concept of selling out is  stupid - so many bands are accused of selling out, and seriously who cares?  They havent changed their music at all, they didn't turn pop or anything.  they are still punk. They are still playing for the sake of playing the  music and thats it. By the way (hey this is worth a try) if mark or tom or  travis is reading this PLEASE PLEASE email me at brianneleary@yahoo.com it  would be the bestest thing to ever happen to me!  But honestly you have  to get this cd it is so good. get the other ones too.
6305014140|5.0|I will not say something amazingly original if I use that &quot;if you are going to see one anime in your lifetime see that one&quot; phrase. But it fits perfectly.<br />I've tried to enjoy a lot of anime afterwards but in  vain. The genre seems to be mostly unaccessible to a middle-brow Western  viewer - it puzzles me, irritates and I push the STOP button long before  the credits appear, accompanied by a sweet-voiced Japanese song. Then I  tell my son it's all hopeless and I don't wanna see the stuff made by  robots for robots any more. <br />It's strange, because I am not ignorant of  the workings of Japanese mind. I've read and enjoyed immensely The Tale Of  Genji, The Pillow Book(see the review), Heike monogatari and lots more.  <br />Still the 95% of anime is beyond me.<br />Ninja Scroll is a classic quest  with the fearless hero and the very lovely heroine condemned by fate - the  characters you can care about. There is a mystery to solve, the adversaries  with a very different fighting style that make all the action scenes  captivating. The film overflows with emotion - love in it's gay and  straight varieties,the sense of duty, betrayal, resolve, revenge, fierce  glee, lust and devotion. The magic is not as weird and outlandish as we are  used to expect from Japanese produce.<br />The graphics are great - I do not  want them any better. English language track is 5.1, but my son and nephew  always insist on the Japanese stereo - it provides them with the phrases to  memorize and cry out while having their try at the flying kicks.<br />Yes,  there is some gore and sexually explicit scenes but a much more horrible  things are readily accessible by pushing a few buttons in the home  computer. So I try to minimize the damage by dealing with these scenes  jockingly - there is no sense in sitting through them in embarassed stupor,  you have to react somehow, to comment. But of course all that is very far  from the conventional notion of the family entertainment.<br/>I consider that  disc a must-have in any DVD library. But if you plan to love the genre do  not waste your time and money on anything else. Just enjoy the illusion  there is a lot more great stuff where it came from.
0380973634|4.0|When Richard Mayhew stumbles upon a bedraggled young girl and saves her life, his own life changes and certainly not for the better. Soon after the appropriately named girl Door disappears, Richard finds reality as he knows it disintegrating. <br />Neverwhere poses an intriguing question: suppose you're yanked from your life and flung into another--a darker, more malevolent, but ultimately more lively life. Given the opportunity to return to the safety of your former life, would you want to?
6303029027|2.0|Despite what other reviewers have said, this film is average and very mediocre at best. It seems to be a film with a split personality., unable to decide wether its a mob flick, a movie portraying teenage terrorism and  thugery or a film based on racial prejudice. Rather than focus on one main  story this film seems to lack any real plot and at no point during the film  did I really think to myself, brilliant, directing, cinematography or story  line. Some of the scenes are embarassing to say the least and acting is  very weak. This fil also tried to be very Goodfellas like, however it  failed because the music used was unable to compare with that used in  Godfellas, the plot is far weaker, the voice over used, rather than enhance  the film as it did in Goodfellas slowed it down and simply made the fil  worse. Apart from DeNiro (who is brilliant as always) the acting is weak  and average at the best and why they never used Pesci through out the film  rather than the one small scene at the end is a mystery to me. This film is  not anywhere as good as some people seem to believe. If you want a classy,  old fashioned, traditional mob flick what the Godfather- its a classic. If  you want fast, well done, well directed, gritty, more down to earth mob  action with superb music watch Goodfellas and if you want something in the  middle with a strong story line and superb acting- watch Donnie Brasco. All  three films beat a Bronx Tale hands down and I would rather watch each of  them twenty more times than sit down and watch a bronx tale for the second  time.
B000002H97|4.0|I think this is Metallica's second best CD after Ride the Lightning. Released after &quot;Justice for all&quot; it is less technical and complex than &quot;Justice&quot;. You won't find any songs over 6 minutes here, so  don't expect epics like &quot;master of puppets&quot; or &quot;to live is  to die&quot;. Definitely, Metallica were still &quot;Metal&quot; on this  one, but they knew how to make fans of their earlier days to their enemies.  Commercial Rock but not as low as Bon Jovi or Guns and Roses would be a  suitible explenation. If you need a CD that counts much Party Appeal and  not too much Metal, this is a gem. It is also quite serious but still easy  listening for everyone. But you don't have to look on it with the Eyes of  an Diehard &quot;Kill 'em all&quot; fan, you would rather die than listen  to it again. Objectively spoken, this is my favorite Metallica after Ride  the Lightning. It just has good songs and you haven't to be a musican to  admit this ( On &quot;Justice&quot; I thought it was quite neccessary). Buy  it if you don't have it. After this one Metallica went REALLY bad.
6305165912|5.0|I LOVE IT! Best movie, best actor, best supporting actor, best supporting actress, best original screenplay, best director! The academy really missed on this one!
0743200799|4.0|If you're like me, the everything about the early days of space flight is captivating.  I've read other accounts of this time period, including the incredibly in-depth michener novel &quot;Space&quot;.  What you don't often  see is the view from the controller's booth.  You don't see that often  there was absolutely no data or voice communications between early  spacecraft and the ground.  You don't see the months of drills that Mission  Control would stage, only to encounter problems that they could never have  dreamed.  Consequently, this account is a good read, and I enjoyed it.  You  may occasionally get bogged down by Franz's desire to name almost every  person he can think of, as well as the endless acronyms.  The jacket makes  a big connection with Apollo 13.  It is misleading because the book is far  more comprehensive than that.  Despite these shortcomings, I found it hard  to put down and eye-opening.
0446525537|5.0|I have read fewer books in my life than most, mainly due to the fact that I can't find many that can keep my attention.  A Walk To Remember, however, never once lost my attention.  I even had to take the book to work, because  I just couldn't bear to sit and wonder for any long period of time.  The  story is written as if the main character is telling you a story of his  most influencial childhood years.  It is as if &quot;grandpa&quot; is  bringing you down memory lane with him.  As I read the book, I could  actually hear his voice as he went through the details of both his most  joyuous and his most terribly sorrow times of his teenage years.  You will  start off by classifying the main character as a &quot;typical  teenager&quot;.  He will then become someone you can't help but love.  The  ending will leave you with something to think about for a long time coming.   The moral of the story?  Miracles can happen.  I recommend this book for  the TRULY romantic at heart.
B00003CX6P|4.0|I mainly collect DVDs for the extras. I had not seen the film until purchasing it. I have &quot;Purple Noon&quot; so I knew the story. It's a pretty good flick, and I think the three leads did an excellent job. Plus I  really got a kick out of Cate Blanchet and Philip Seymour Hoffman's  performances in the supporting roles. I can really identify with Ripley  (scary thought, huh?) so I'd give the movie a 5. I  was pretty disappointed  in Minghella's commentary track though, so I am giving the DVD release a 4.  He spends most of the time discussing the characters motivations. That was  completely unnecessary. Thats what watching movies is all about, learning  the motivations as the story unfolds. He had very little to say in the way  of technical information. He talked about the 50s design motif, being  inspired by certain photographs from the era, and how a certain public  square was so difficult to film in because it was always full of people.  But other than that it was a lot of &quot;and now Ripley feels this&quot;  and &quot;Marge is feeling that&quot;. Let the actors speak for themselves.
0671775308|5.0|I think it is a mistake to view this book as a guide to increasing your wealth. This is a study of people who accumulated money through their lives and behavior. I behave like the group that was studied. I have a Timex  watch. The whole concept of a Rolex watch disgusts me and I would not wish  to have one even as a present. Rolex watches do not tell time more  accurately than my Timex, due to the advancement of cheap electronics. Of  course, Rolex would not be in business if everyone felt as I do. So that is  why it is best to follow your own way. If a Rolex makes you happy then by  all means buy one and be happy. <br />This book documents a certain mind set.  I do not think that trying to adopt this view will make you happy if it is  not in your nature. I could not decide between a Mercedes and a Chevy until  I realized that the money I saved, with interest, would buy me a new Chevy  by the time I needed a new one, so now I have a lifetime supply of Chevys  instead of one Mercedes. I am very happy with my Chevy. This is what the  book is about. Others would say they want the Mercedes and it is probably  better to have a Mercedes if you want it than to have a million dollars  later in life. <br />I can't recomend Pynchon instead of this book, like a  prvious reviewer, but his books are a good value. Vineland is usualy in the  overstock bin for a few dollars and you do get a lot of pages for your  money with Mason &amp; Dixon. I get my books from the libary, though.   <br />The point is that these millonares get their wealth as a side effect of  their lifestyle. They did not set out to be rich, just happy. They do not  get pleasure from luxury items so they are not  depriving themselves to get  rich. They lead their lives as they want. Others will make other choices,  see books by J.P. Sartre for more information the central roll of choice in  human existance. <br />It is a fine book, as long as you take it for what it  is.
0306801515|5.0|In the wonderful tradition of Sagan, Cousteau and Asimov, Professor Gordon  shows us that science and technology need not be abstruse and tedious, but  can be made both pleasant and fascinating. Structures, or Why Things Don't  Fall Down stands perfectly well on its own, but the best benefits are to be  derived when reading it in tandem with its sister publication, The New  Science of Strong Materials. In both books, Professor Gordon strikes the  difficult balance between the ease of exposition and the exactness of  detail that characterises only the very best of scientific popularisations.  He combines his technical presentation with a warm and self-deprecating wit  that will have you feeling that you are not being lectured to, so much as  enjoying an engaging explanation from a friend.<br />For example, in a typical  moment of whimsy, Professor Gordon speculates upon the benefits of  attaching army surplus chicken feathers onto motor cars - a suggestion  designed to evoke a humourous image, except that his preceding explication  on the structural properties of feathers is done so well that it lends the  idea a certain fanciful credence. The pages are filled with such moments.  Professor Gordon delights in drawing parallels between the unlikeliest of  phenomena - how an intelligent reflection on the properties of worms led  him to the design of a better anchor bracket, or how his introduction to a  circus proprietor's somewhat self-conscious invention ended up improving  everything from military aircraft to household doors. Through the liberal  use of such anecdotes, he leads us, gently but inexorably, to a fuller  understanding of the interconnectedness of the physical world.<br />While his  book deals with abstract ideas, Professor Gordon comes across clearly as a  practical man. Whereas others would deal only with joints and fastenings,  he chooses to title one chapter &quot;Joints, Fastenings and People&quot;.  He does so with especial purpose because his hands-on and sometimes tragic  experience has won him the understanding that most joints fail not from  want of material strength, but from human negligence. Anyone who has ever  taken responsibility for the work of others will sympathise with his  observation that: &quot;All of our efforts to persuade [the aircraft  workers] that a badly made joint was morally equivalent to manslaughter  foundered on a deeply-held folk tradition that it was silly to fuss about  such things and that strength is a boring subject anyway.&quot; Professor  Gordon always manages to marry each abstraction with a human element and  this is what makes his narrative so engaging and so relevant.<br />While  extremely well written, this is not a book for dilettantes. Professor  Gordon does not evade mathematics, although he keeps it to a minimum and  always to the point. Where necessary, he does not spare the technical  details, but he has both the mastery and the skill to make it go down  easily and the reader always comes away from the experience feeling  enriched. Those who are completely mathematically phobic can still follow  the general thrust of his narrative while skipping the formulae.<br />This is  popularisation at its best and Professor Gordon's works should be required  reading not only for aspiring engineers but for all university  undergraduates.
0783241569|5.0|Julia Roberts and Hugh Grant at their best!  This is more than your usual &quot;boy meets girl, boy loses girl, boy wins girl back&quot; formula movie.  An excellent script and tight writing show us  lovers from two  different worlds weaving their way to each other through a maze of  difficulties, mis- perceptions, and mis-understandings.  You may find  yourself alternately laughing and crying.  The actors sparkle. The dialogue  is crisp. Set in England. It is superb entertainment.
B000008DA5|4.0|While I never listen to these albums straight through without programming-out tracks, these are still two favorites in my Beach Boys collection.  Songs like &quot;Wonderful&quot; and &quot;Windchimes&quot;  are better in versions available on the Good Vibrations boxed set, but  there are still reasons to listen:  &quot;Heroes and Villains&quot; is an  outstanding song that would have blown away the crowd at Monterey;  &quot;With Me Tonight&quot; has delicious vocals; &quot;Whistle In&quot;  makes me smile; and &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; is deservedly the best pop  song of all time.  Carl Wilson's vocals in &quot;I Was Made to Love  Her&quot; showed he wasn't just the angelic-voiced singer; he could rock!   &quot;I'd Love Just Once to See You&quot; showed Brian's playful sense of  humor.  And while &quot;Here Comes the Night&quot; isn't the funky disco  version Dennis Wilson admonished, it's still pretty groovy. ;-)
B000002699|5.0|One of the pivotal recordings in music history. Seldom are so many elements combined so seamlessly into something new and innovative. Wayne Shorter is wondrous on this recordings a perfect counterpart to Miles.  Miles gets an unusual effort out of a host of brilliant musicians. Joe  Zawinul, Wayne Shorter, Chick Corea, Dave Holland, Herbie Hancock, Tony  Williams.  As each soloist seems to flow forth and then back into the  ensemble. A departure from what was being done. Free, yet in control.   Flowing, yet very rhythmic. Tony Williams is brilliant throughout. A  startling recording.
0783239955|5.0|The Dinner Game is an outstanding comedy in which poetic justice reigns supreme. The premise of the movie centers around a twisted game in which elite Frenchmen compete to invite the most idiotic people they can possibly  find to a weekly dinner party.<br />The movie focuses on two main characters;  Pierre, a French executive, and the idiot he invited to the dinner. Pierre  cancels out of the dinner party due to a back injury, and through several  circumstantial slip-ups, ends up spending the evening in his apartment with  his idiotic guest. Pierre's life is then systematically destroyed in a long  series of mistakes and blunders as his well intentioned, but stupid guest,  tries to help him through the evening. <br />This film is a mixture of  cultural and situational comedy. The humor is definitely French, and will  probably appeal more to people who've spent some time dealing with the  stereotypes portrayed in this movie (intellectual elitists / tax collectors  / bureaucrats). Having said that, the movie should also appeal to the  American audience. While the humor isn't slapstick or joke based, it is  certainly one of the best comedy of errors I've seen in some time. An  excellent French movie, and a welcome departure from the more crass MTV  style comedies of late. If you like French movies, you'll enjoy The Dinner  Game.
B00004RJ71|5.0|This movie has got to be the best Chinano movie ever made. It shows the beutiful culture and life, good and bad of the Chicano lifestyle. It tells the story of how a lot of us Chicanos are living, and I'm not just talking about prison life. This movie was so real; not only where the scripts  realistic, but they used the real prison San Quintin. The inmates where  real, there were only 8 actors in the prison scenes. In addition, this  movie had a lot of funny scenes. I must have seen this movie about 8 times  on VHS, and 4 times on DVD. I recomend you get the DVD version because it  has a lot of scenes that were deleted on VHS.
0823003035|5.0|This book is excellent both for the start of the drawing to the finished  work. He offers advice on how to capture the gesture of the pose, how to  measure and how to work with light. His is a very traditional and thorough  approach, especially good for beginners who want to get the basics right  early on. His own work is beautiful and appears, as well, in stages of  completion.
B00000J2KX|4.0|I believe that many of the viewers who have written reviews have either gone into viewing this movie with a preconception of how things are supposed to be, or they have not looked deeply enough to realize the genius  of Kubrick's direction in this movie.  I believe that the best  'adaptations' are not those that are tightly based on the original novels,  but those that have borrowed from the originals and added their own sense  of brilliance.  This brilliance is recognizable throughout.  Every scene in  this movie was constructed intentionally, and the use of music, visuals,  and time reinforces the psychological effects it has on the viewer.  Don't  rent or buy this movie expecting Stephen King.  This film is totally  Kubrick.
0767903854|4.0|This book came out just as I was coming back from my semester abroad in  Australia, and I snatched it up. It's pretty funny (though not as good as  Bryson's other books). The problem is that he gets fixated on really,  really random things that most people wouldn't be interested in, such as  one particular tree or such. There are so many beautiful, intresting parts  of Australia that he hardly touches on (i.e. the majority of tropical  Queensland, the great and unique surfing culture), and they probably  would've made for more interesting reading. There is a lot of absurdity in  the country besides the hot weather and venomous creatures that he brings  up every 2 pages, and they would've led more variety to the book-- by the  time he got to describing the hot weather and venomous creatures in WA near  the end of the book, he almost lost me. If I'd never been to Australia,  this book definitely would not interest me in it-- it would sound  infinitely boring, which it is not! All in all, an enjoyable book for  someone who knows the places.
B000023VR6|4.0|Well, I'm not much of a fan of rap but, I do love Eminem, &amp; to tell you the truth, that's why I bought this album, because he was on a few tracks.  But, there are some good tracks like: 4, 7, 9, 10, 12, 15, 20  &amp; 22.  Some of the beats on this album are really dope, and some were  pretty bad too.  Maybe Dre's next album well be a little better.  If you  are a fan of Dr. Dre, then maybe you should go out &amp; get this album.   It's ok.
B00004T8RK|3.0|This album, Pearl Jam's sixth, has been receiving unfair critism from a lot of people. Ok, so maybe they do not  have the same passion in their music as they showed  in the Ten,Vs,and vitalolgy albums which brought the  Seattle fivesome to the fore of the rock world in the early 90's,but they  certainly haven't lost any of their  talent.           The album starts off  on a high with the Vedder documented 'Breakerfall' and Ament's 'God's  Dice'. Both these tracks are short,fast and make you want to move your  feet(simialar to the Ten opening songs). Then comes the Matt Cameron  musically compiled  'Evacuation' and has Soundgarden's 'Mailman' written  all over it by it's huff and puff guitar melodies.Although only temporary,  Cameron's direct drumming has proved a major asset to the band as it did  with Soundgarden. Next is the somewhat lacklustre 'Light Years' and Ament's  Pink Floyd style 'Nothing as it seems' will be  best remmembered by Mc  Cready's piercing guitar. Stone Gossard's 'Thin Air' is probably the  album's most noticable anthem.Eddie then brings us two more fast ones in  'Greivence' and 'Insignificance'. Vedder is the most in form of Pearl jam's  five talented songwriters here, although, Gossard is close behind with the  hypnotic 'Rival' (based on the Columbine school murders). Towards the end  of side two the experimental 'Sleight of hand' and 'Parting ways' are put  in. Whether they are fitting or not is for you to decide but I certainly  never heard anything like it from Pearl jam before so i don't know - maybe  they'll grow on me.The best is saved for second last with the acoustic solo  'Soon forget' an anti-rich whine which at that stage of the album seems  fitting.<br />For Pearl jam vetearns this album still lacks vintage PJ but  won't upset them.For the novice, they'll see Pearl jam as a highly talented  unit and will be willing to hear more.If a rookie made this album I'd  declare it 'album of the year' but as it is pearl jam who've presentedit,  I wont as it's just average by their standards.Music critic's words are  insignificant.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Ok, now I know at the beginning of Brit's career everyone embraced her as the new idol for young girls, but from recent appearances she looks and acts very far from that! There's been so much hype on this star that most  people have felt it their duty to just buy her album to get her to shut up.   The only reason that her CD is selling is for people to say to their  friends &quot;Yeah, I have her new CD&quot; (come on, you know you do it!)  I didn't actually buy the album, but listened to it at friends'.  There are  only two songs that I consider &quot;listener worthy&quot; (Stronger and  Lucky).  Just trust me, there's no reason to buy this if you really like  good music.  All in all, this big star is a big disappointment.
B000000OSW|5.0|I have been a fan of Peter Gabriel since &quot;Shock The Monkey&quot;.  I love this album.  Every track is superb with a big sound, above-average engineering, and haunting lyrics.<br />My favorite track is &quot;Steam&quot;.   Peter can be laid back and ethereal and he can really get into the groove.   &quot;Steam&quot; is very much in my groove. As is &quot;Digging In The  Dirt&quot;.  That one is really funky.<br />I also really like &quot;Secret  World&quot; and &quot;Kiss That Frog&quot;. Haven't we all kissed at least  one frog?  But all the tracks are great.  This album is a good listen  throughout.  <br />One of the reviewers above mentioned &quot;songs with a  cold wind blowing through them&quot; and I think that is an accurate  description of Peter's music.  It is global and haunting.  I think that  haunting quality is what has made a lasting fan.  His music is capable of  bringing you in touch with your spirituality.
0140288503|3.0|I enjoyed Black Hawk thoroughly, but the structure of the work interfered with the flow of the action.  The author's account captures several minute details that help bring the men and the mission to life (such as the  soldiers' memories of donkeys wandering around in the middle of a  firefight), and the reader is often swept away by the fury of combat.  But  the author repeatedly stops his tale to introduce new soldiers who have  appeared in the action for the first time.  This interrupts the flow of  action, and it also makes it difficult to develop an understanding of the  overall mission.  It's understandable why the author does so -- there are  many soldiers to introduce, and no single soldier is in every part of the  battle.  Rather, the battle in Mogadishu reads like a series of smaller  episodes forming the larger whole, rather than a linear progression.  It's difficult to keep breaking with  your story to provide background, particularly when the event described is  so brief -- we're not talking about the Battle of the Bulge, here.<br />Still,  the book is moving.  You can't help read about the selfless acts of heroism  by these young, highly trained men and help yourself getting emotionally  involved.  The author's extensive interviews with the soldiers are a real  treat, and there is an interesting twist to them.  Most of his interviews  were apparently with members of the Rangers, and we learn a great deal  about the unit.  The author was not able to obtain the same access to the  Delta Force members present in the mission, so all we learn about them is  what the Rangers saw.  It's wonderful to read about the Rangers, one of the  tougher units in the military, speaking of the Delta Boys in awe.  The  elite of the elite get their due in the book, as their acts are described  in almost clinical detail.  But their lack of a voice in the book gives  them an otherworldly air that is actually very appropriate, given their  training and purpose.  <br />All in all, Black Hawk is an excellent  \\"light-weight\\" history.  You will learn little about the overall  U.S. presence in Africa, and there are few \\"big picture\\" themes  to discuss.  But that was not the author's intention.  Instead, Black Hawk  gives a wonderful insight into the men who fight for our country and the  real conditions under which they operate, not the sanitized CNN version.   You'll plow through it in a couple of days, and it will go on your shelf  next to the Grisham and Koontz.
B0000042MY|4.0|Definately a high quality score from Edelman and Jones, but I believe it is a bit overrated.  It's gotten too much hype, and the reason people believe it is the best score ever is simple.  They have not listened to a  great amount of them.  Again, good music, but many war movies have better  (Thin Red Line, Patriot, Glory, Gettysburg, etc.).  Also, much music was  left out of the score from the movie.  Heroic and dramatic the first couple  listens, but after a while it doesn't stick with you and becomes a little  repetative.  This is my favorite score of Jones, but I enjoy several of  Edelmans more (even though Jones' music on this score is the highlight),  such as Gettysburg, Dragonheart, and Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story.  Before  you buy the score, see the movie (which is good as well, not great).   Overall, though, worth the price to a general film score fan.
B0000025GW|5.0|Although the word &quot;hip&quot; has never been in my vocabulary, &quot;hip&quot; is not the way to describe an album of Christian rock songs released in 1979 when new wave and the decadance of disco were  dominating  popular music.  That's one reason why Bob Dylan is hipper than anybody.  The critics be damned (in more ways than one, I suppose), Dylan was a man  with a message who wasn't going to dilute that message to curry favor with  anyone.  Thank God for that because &quot;Slow Train Coming&quot; is a  great, powerful album.  The songs may be arrogant, as some critics have  charged, but so was &quot;The Times They Are-a Changin'&quot; and  &quot;Like a Rolling Stone.&quot;  The fire and brimstone mentality might  have been grating if not for the fact that, musically, Dylan is operating  at full power, and, lyrically, he is obviously very sincere in his beliefs.  Whether sympathetic to the message or not, it's hard to believe anyone  could not be moved by the beauty of &quot;I Believe In You&quot; and  &quot;Precious Angel,&quot; amused by &quot;Man Gave Names to All the  Animals,&quot; and overpowered by the dynamic &quot;When He Returns.&quot;  This album is right up there with his best work, and the follow-up,  &quot;Saved,&quot; is, in some ways, even better.
B00000FBRE|5.0|This CD is great! anyone who likes Lagwagon should obviously snag this one it's my fave. The best song by far is May 16 which is the best song Lagwagon has ever made. If you like this CD be sure to get Double Pladinum  which is almost as good, and also try some MxPx or No Use For A Name! this  cd may be only 25 minutes but its jammed with great content so pick it up  despite the bad cover art!
0793518326|5.0|If you want a really meticulous transcription of Beatles music, this is  the book for you. Buy it! I've played so many times reading from other  books... but nothing compares to this. I call it &quot;the Bible&quot;! And  it's the only one that has bass, drums and blackbirds (!) transcriptions! I  swear, you can find the blackbird's singing on the score! Well, I could  never live without. And I think that the authors (four brave Japaneses) are  the most patient people in the world.
B0000041TD|3.0|OK! So everybody loves it, and with some reason. I will not bother giving details on why it is rather great, but I will tell you why I only give 3 stars: it has Pavarotti in it. Perhaps I am a little bit prejudiced since I do not like the man. Perfect singing, but shallow singing and that becomes boring with time. I must admit that considering the other beauties of this recording I do not know who else could have sung that day that would have fit well. Domingo, for all its greatness would have been too strong a leading man. Kraus too weak. Carreras? Ah! If Alagna had been born two decades earlier! I would have given 6 stars! Meanwhile, as I wait for the perfect Boheme which will come now without Pavarotti and unfortunately without Freni since both do not have anymore that juvenile bloom in their voice, I listen to this version with pleasure. After all I must admit that Pavarotti is less irritating here than in other places works.
006016848X|5.0|When I was half way through the book, my wife asked me how it was.  I responded that the only thing missing from this book was her name and mine.  I couldn't believe the number of places where Gray almost  exactly described situations and conversations that my wife and I had  experienced over our 37 years years together.   We both thought it was  great.  We both highly recommend it, especially to young newly married  couples.
B000002JR8|4.0|This is the kind of record to make any man or women gain the feeling of power.  at least that's what it does for me.  Dimebag Darrell's guitar playing reaches almost his peak on possibly the band's best recorded  performance in their career.  very importantly, Phil Anselmo's lyrics and  vocals are more intense, insane, and intelligent than ever before.  if your  looking for something intense, look no further.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I recently purchased the Human Clay CD from Amazon.  Being in my 30's (early 30's) it was refreshing to hear such meaningful lyrics to their awesome sound.  You can place a situation in your life with every song.   Thoroughly enjoyed it and can't get enough!
0441003257|2.0|The vast majority of people who read this book seem to absolutely love it.  In fact, it was after several ranting reviews that I finally picked it up.  If you're a diehard Pratchett or Gaiman fan, you'll very likely love  it.<br />However, for the rest of us, this is really not all it's cracked up  to be.  The characters are thin and one dimensional.  A good lot of the  jokes fall flat on their faces.  The world's logic is extremely  inconsistant within it's own scope.  We all know that it's supposed to be  absurd and rediculous from time to time -- and sometimes it does so well.  Too many others, and it does so a bit too poorly.<br />The most entertaining  bits seem to involve the vast and frequent footnotes.<br />All in all, if  you're looking for a a classic Brit Humor tale about an eleven year old  Antichrist, this book is for you.  If this sort of thing isn't your cup of  tea, ignore your friends and co-workers and move on.
0553212737|5.0|How could Jane Austen have thought that the character of Emma would please  no one but the author?<br />I was charmed to enter Emma's world, amused by her  wit, stunned by her complacency, sympathetic when she made her mistakes. I  finished the book with a real affection for this character, drawn so finely  and so lovingly by a truly masterful writer.<br />I had seen the movie version  starring Gywneth Paltrow before reading the book. I expected to read the  entire book with Paltrow's raspy laugh and swanlike neck in mind. Yet  Austen transported me away from my cinematic preconceptions. There is so  much more to &quot;Emma&quot; than a movie can capture: the incisive social  commentary, the near perfect grasp of human nature, which hasn't changed  much since Austen's time, in all its ugliness and sublimity.<br />There has  been much discussion over why Austen remains so popular with readers today.  After all, her characters are geographically and socially isolated,  immensely concerned with money, and (with a few exceptions) have no  discernible occupations other than hunting for mates. It is hard to find  similarities between these lives and those of modern Americans. What Austen  does so well is to depict her particular place and time with astonishing  clarity. Through Austen's (and Emma's) eyes, we see the commonalties that  exist among all people, no matter the time or place.
630339406X|5.0|Tom Hanks Did A Great Job On Playing Big Josh In This Movie. He Gets Out Of Bed The Next Morning And Realizes He Is Big. He Was A Little Kid Before. Then He Gets A Job At This Nice Office And Dates Some Lady. They Had Fun  Together. Also You Should Take A Look At Forrest Gump. He Also Did An  Excellent Job On Playing Forrest.
B00004U45G|1.0|Let me guess: Jimmy Page wanted to remind people just how great Led Zeppelin was, so he got these guys together to prove that LedZep was at least an order of magnitude better than any of their imitators.  Or,  perhaps someone just needed money and figured a bunch of Led Zeppelin  covers would be a quick way to generate a good cash flow.<br />Whatever... On  the PLUS side, this CD has all the great guitar chops you'd ever want  (well, after all, look who's playing!), but overall, it sounds like a cover  band at any one of a hundred nightclubs across he country that does Led  Zeppelin cover tunes. Vocally, Chris Robinson can't hold a candle to Robert  Plant when it comes to phrasing a song or injecting subtlety into singing.  The rhythm section here has none of the thunder that John Bonham and John  Paul Jones could deliver in a great Zeppelin tune, and as a result,  everything here sounds like a perfunctory run through, rather than an  attempt to make a musical statement.<br />Aurally, the mix is abysmal -- makes  the mix in &quot;Song Remains the Same&quot; sound good by comparison. It's  dense, muddy, with poor tonal and other separation as everything bleeds  into everything else (where were the microphones, on the  ceiling?).<br />Except for Page, no one here seems to be having a good  time--maybe there's just too much pressure. So, forget this package and  just get the real thing... Led Zeppelin still rules.
6303402348|5.0|1994 Introduced Us To A Movie About A Alabama Man With An I.Q. Of 75, College Football Player, Vieitnam War Hero, And A Caption Of A Shrimping Boat Company. Forrest Gump Has To Be The Movie Of The 20th Century Right  Next To &quot;The Wizard Of Oz&quot;. Forrest Also Played Ping Pong. He  Went All Over The World. He Sat On A Bench To Talk To People About His  Younger Years, And How He Loved His Best Friend And Wife Jenny. Lt. Dan Was  Another Best Friend Of Forrest's. So Wasn't Bubba. They Met During The War.  Bubba Then Said He Wanted To Be A Shrimp Boat Caption. So Bubba Died During  The War. Forrest Decided To Be The Caption When The War Was Over. Forrest  Also Raned Across The Country. He Was Famous All Over The World. He Was In  Magizines, Newspapers, On Talk Shows And The National News For His Running  All Over America. Forrest Gump Is A Great Movie To Watch With Your Kids And  Family. It Deserves Best Actor, Best Director, Best Motion Picture.  &quot;Life Is Like A Box Of Chocolates. You Never Know What Your Are Going  To Get&quot;.
0451526295|5.0|I am a new reader of Jane Austen and after reading the other reviews of this book, I was a little scared to read this one so I saved it for last.  I was so surprised how much I liked it. Fanny, the main character, is  someone I could relate to in ways that many other readers apparently have  not been able to.  Unless you grow up in a home where you are made to feel  unwanted, and have a Mrs. Norris as an aunt in Fanny's case or a stepmom in  my case, it would be hard to understand Fanny.  Take it from me,the  character is very real in many ways and not the wimp or doormat that many  other reviewers find her.  Alot of people said this book of Jane Austen's  is her deepest because of the social issues she tackles. I will have to  read it again to pick up on more of that, I was so busy focusing on Fanny's  situation and understanding her feelings, knowing how her situation  affected her responses, that I missed things. I look forward to reading it  again. I think others will enjoy it too,don't be put off by the other  reviewers.  Of course, I look forward to rereading all my Jane Austens.
B000005HLV|5.0|Mayhem, the pioneers of the black metal scene came out with this album in the early 90's.  In my view, it's the best release from them.  Extremely brutal guitar and eerie vocals by Attila.  This is a pure classic.  Last  album Euronomous did with the band so they tributed it to him.  This album  is a must have for any black metal fan.
B000002USN|4.0|Ever since this album appeared in 1993, after the initial glow wore off, the knives came out to shred Sinatra and his Duets offering.  <br />I am so unbelievably sick and tired of these alleged Sinatra &quot;fans&quot;  pouring forth their venom upon an album which, you know what folks, really  is not all that bad.  Shock of shocks, if you really LISTEN to the album  without analyzing every note and musical substructure, it is actually quite  a pleasure.<br />No, this is not the Frank Sinatra of the continually fawned  over Capitol years or even that of his early Reprise careers.  That Sinatra  was technically flawless on virtually everything he recorded, while at the  same time being able to inject his music with emotional power.  <br />The  Sinatra of Duets and Duets II is not as technically perfect as the man of  decades (yes, DECADES) past, but what he lacked in 1993 in form and  phrasing is more than made up for in wisdom and emotion.   <br />Why is it  that Sinatra in particular is always attacked for getting older and for not  being the singer he was 30-40 years earlier.  Other performers don't suffer  that same fate.  Tony Bennett was and is a superb singer, but have you  listened to the man lately, he is not exactly the same one who made I Left  My Heart in San Francisco a hit 40 years ago.  However, how often is he  criticized or attacked for the ravages time has inflicted on his voice,  rarely.  Instead, the critics chirp about how great his new more fully jazz  style is.  No such reprive for Frank Sinatra. <br />Those Sinatra fans who can  not appreciate the full scope of Sinatra's career have missed the boat.  I  don't care if you own over 100 Sinatra albums (certainly possible with all  the compilatins, repackaging etc), if you can't see the value, beauty and  sheer impact of ALL the stages of Sinatra's career, you don't know what it  is to truly be a fan of Old Blue Eyes.  Those who can't appreciate anything  FS did after 1968 are missing an entire and important piece of the legacy.   <br />For the Duets album itself, aside from Barbara Steisand (who I admire  greatly as a singer, but simply can't stand to listen to) the Duet partners  hold their own with FS and he with them.  Even the Bono duet, much  maligned, if listened to in the spirit of fun and exuberance in which it  was recorded, can't help but  make you smile.  <br />My only regret about the  Duet series was that there was no Duets III and IV.<br />In closing, what made  Frank Sinatra great was the mere fact that anything and everything he sang  had merit because HE SANG IT.
0380730367|4.0|This is my first Dennis Lehane book but it won't be my last.  As a lover  of crime fiction, especially Michale Connelly and James Lee Burke, I simply  devoured Prayers for Rain.  The dialogue is so snappy, and often so  humorous, you don't realize an entire chapter has passed.  It took me no  time at all to get a sense of Kenzie, Bubba and Ange.  These are characters  you quickly get to know and care about.  Kenzie has a love for the Marx  Brothers, and I imagine that comes from Dennis Lehane himself, as the  banter between the principals can be very funny.  Despite the breezy and  punchy style, there's enough darkness to satisfy the hard-boiled.  And  there is some effective writing here.  There were several passages I made  note of so that I could relay them to friends, the description and dialogue  was that good.  If you're going to the beach this summer, or even spending  a weekend on the couch, you'll eagerly consume the zero-calorie treat that  is this book.
B00003CWRX|4.0|This is a very good movie.  The drama, the dialogue, the performances are all top rate.  You don't notice the fact that 3 hours have passed because you are drawn into the story.  I was especially impressed with Al Pacino's  performance.  And there are a number of little things that make the movie  enjoyable, such as the interaction of Bergman (Pacino's character) with his  wife without melodrama, just normal life, and the consistency of the  accents.  The accents clearly define where the scene is taking place.   These are just examples of attention to detail that fills the movie.<br />I'm  told that this film is fast and loose with the details of the case and the  decision not to air the 60 Minutes segment, but that the essence is  correct.  I would say that the presence of the real people played by Crowe  and Pacino (the two main characters) in the making of video verifies that  this film is acceptable to them, and so I accept it as well.<br />There are  only a couple of flaws.  In the actual movie itself, there are moments of  over-melodrama.  Thankfully these are few.  Secondly, there are few extras  on the DVD.  A film like this could really use the DVD format and include  inside information for those interested in the real facts.  I would  especially have liked to have seen the real 60 Minutes spot, for example.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This cd is awesome.  I highly recomend it to anyone that loves the chillipeppers or just loves great music.  The lyrics are awesome and really meaningful.  Each song is very different and very unique.  This isn't a cd  that you can ever get sick of.  This is an album that contains not just one  great hit, but 15.  If you are going to spend your money on an album this  is a great one.
0060196122|5.0|I first read about this book in the newspaper and i could never find it. I  finally had to order it and I got the chance to read it. I liked all the  characters and how they were so realistic and expressed things that only  few have thought of or could never put into words. Things about myself I  couldn't describe but Paulo Coelho expressed them in Veronika. I wish  everyone worth it could feel the way Veronika did in her(thought to be)last  days. It was a wonderful book and I would recommend it to anyone and  everyone.
B0000399WI|5.0|THis movie is just incredible. Frank darabont did a fantastic job of transfering this king novella to the sliver screen. It's a movie about a banker wrongfully found guilty of killing his wife and her lover. He is  sentenced to to life terms, when he enter's the prison he mets up with a  con named Red ( wonderfully played by Morgan Freeman), Red doesn't think  very much of Andy at the begining of the film but over time he learns that  underneaath Andy's meek surface lies patience and courage enough for ten  men. <br />   Superbly acted an directed this is a movie for any one who  claims to like movies, a must own.
0780021150|5.0|Extremely effective for an early talkie. Master Fritz Lang did a terrific job with the moody atmosphere of the movie, everything seems so dirty and obscure. As you see the movie, you sense a kind of hostility but you can't  figure out who it's directed at. Well, Lang was not a nazi sympathizer, and  when they heard he was making a picture about a murderer, they thought it  would be a thinly veiled individual representing nazism, but when they knew  that he was dealing with a mere child murderer, they said go ahead Mr.  Lang. But multi-layered meanings put aside, this is the film that  influenced almost every suspense and horror movie to come, not to mention  it single-handedly created the serial murder genre. Long before we were  haunted by the likes of Hannibal Lecter, plump little Hans Beckert  populated our nightmares. And Peter Loore is nothing short than brilliant  in his film debut, his last monologue in front of the kangaroo court is  unforgettable. While the film aches for a musical score, it makes great use  of sound, somehow the 'Peer Gynt' tune will never seem the same. The story  of a serial murder who cannot be found, and is ultimately brought to  justice by the Berlin underworld is frightently contemporary. Haunting,  frightening and unforgettable. The final scenes in the kangaroo court are  truly breathtaking, Loore's plea that 'he can't help what he does' makes us  almost understand the despicable character. A one-of-a-kind masterpiece  that continues to frighten us after all this years. From a scale of 1-10 I  give this film a 10!
B00000ILBK|2.0|I havent been keeping up with the most recent Star Trek movies so I decided to rent the most recent one, Star Trek: Insurection. Though it had its moments, I thought the movie was stupid. It just didn't have the Star  Trek magic of the eariler movies. It seemed like a long episode rather than  a movie. I just hope that Star Trek 10 will be lots better.
B00000IQBL|5.0|Was this \\"the best war movie ever made\\" as the dust jacket proclaims, or just a contrived bit of entertainment, seductive, but ultimately paper thin?  Or maybe this was anti-war propaganda with chuckles from a bleeding heart liberal?  Looking back and seeing it again some fifteen years later (and about fifteen other years after the fact) one can say, \\"no\\" and \\"no\\" and \\"something like that, thank you.\\" The sheer waste and stupidity of war is gotten across, and Kubrick is to be thanked for that.  Comparing Full Metal Jacket to some other war movies, say, the pretentious Saving Private Ryan (1998), we note that it may be the funniest war movie ever made.  (But then one recalls Mister Roberts (1955).)<br />Vietnam was a lovely war, as all wars are, kind of like America's loss of innocence.  One would suppose [this had happened] long ago at Gettysburg or somewhere thereabouts, but we proved in Vietnam it wasn't so.  We helped to pile them high at Ypres and Verdun, but that was a limited engagement, and we learned jack-zero.  And in World War II we really had no choice.  But in Vietnam JFK and LBJ thought with a little use of force we could stem the tide of a feared ideology, not yet knowing it would start to die of its own accord, and so we sent off a few of our youngest and brightest as a small price to pay. Well, maybe not our brightest, just our unluckiest or perhaps just those stupid enough to go (\\"hell no, we won't go!\\" said some) or poor enough to have no choice.  Those who went were mostly \\"young and dumb and full of come.\\" But, what the hey, wars are always a good way to kill off superfluous males.  By the time we figured out we weren't getting any kind of bang for our buck, meaning we could pile them high at Da Nang or anywhere in the Mekong Delta and it wouldn't make a ... difference, it was too late.  The body bags were coming home and some of the bro's of conscription age clearly didn't like the fit.  They staged a protest or two, and amazingly enough a lot of people saw the wisdom of their position, and we were forced to declare a victory and pull out, this in the heyday of Tricky Dick.<br />Kubrick recalls those balmy times with boot camp ditties and a whole lot of well expressed jar head jargon to which he adds some amusing audio selections, e.g., Nancy Sinatra's \\"These Boots were Made for Walking,\\" \\"Paint It Black\\" by the Rolling Stones, and most appropriately in the classic Kubrick ironic style, the Mickey Mouse Club theme song, \\"Em-eye-cee, kay-ee-why, em-oh-you-ees-ee! Mickey Mouse!  Mickey Mouse!\\"<br />Kubrick got the story from the novel The Short Timers by Gustav Hasford, the title referring to those lucky soldiers with only a short time left before rotating back to \\"the land of the big P.X.'s,\\" the luckiest of whom were \\"so short\\" they could \\"crawl under a rattlesnake's belly with a high hat on.\\" ...<br />By the way, comparing this to Barry Levinson's fine Good Morning Vietnam from the same year, it's interesting to note that two directors independently came up with practically the same treatment of our experience in Vietnam, albeit with a different emphasis.  I think they got it right.f people saw the wisdom of their position, and we were forced to declare a victory and pull out, this in the heyday of Tricky Dick.<br />Kubrick recalls those balmy times with boot camp ditties and a whole lot of well expressed jar head jargon to which he adds some amusing audio selections, e.g., Nancy Sinatra's \\"These Boots were Made for Walking,\\" \\"Paint It Black\\" by the Rolling Stones, and most appropriately in the classic Kubrick ironic style, the Mickey Mouse Club theme song, \\"Em-eye-cee, kay-ee-why, em-oh-you-ees-ee! Mickey Mouse!  Mickey Mouse!\\"<br />Kubrick got the story from the novel The Short Timers by Gustav Hasford, the title referring to those lucky soldiers with only a short time left before rotating back to \\"the land of the big P.X.'s,\\" the luckiest of whom were \\"so short\\" they could \\"crawl under a rattlesnake's belly with a high hat on.\\" ... <br />By the way, comparing this to Barry Levinson's fine Good Morning Vietnam from the same year, it's interesting to note that two directors independently came up with practically the same treatment of our experience in Vietnam, albeit with a different emphasis.  I think they got it right.
158234082X|5.0|As an ex-line cook myself and veteran of a slew of restaurants during my  high-school and college years, I can say that this book is right on the  money.  <br />I am a fan of Emeril Lagasse and an ex-cook, and was really told  only that he reviled Emeril (calling him an Ewok at one point) and that  this was an expose of the business. I expected to hate him and his book.   Instead, I was delightfully transported to the hot, crowded, foul-mouthed,  phallo-centric, pirate-ship kitchens of my youth.  His pirate analagy  *completely* captured the feeling I had as a fourteen-year-old dishwasher.   I once again felt the pride of being a broiler cook, the top line-dog of  them all.  I even caught myself looking my arms over for the old  sizzle-skillet and sheet-pan burns that persist to this day.  <br />For those  of you that thought the language was too strong, GET OUT OF MY KITCHEN! And  *don't* touch my knife.<br />Bravo, Chef!
B00000JCOV|5.0|Hey I bought the CD after hearing only 1 song because I knew I would like it. It is really hardcore. There may be a lot of swearing, but I loved it. Some of my favorites are ME INSIDE, WAIT &amp; BLEED, (SIC), SURFACING, and  SPIT IT OUT.
0618001905|5.0|A book that tells the truth about colonialism, and all the greed, racism,  exploitation and violence behind it. A very little known mass murder comes  to life in this very book. This book holds nothing back as it explains  Belgian Congo in full, vivid detail. This period should be called the  Paragon of Africans! Europeans thought of the Africans as inferior savages,  while in reality the Europeans were mutilating and murdering people by the  millions! Well written book and very addicting. A must read for anyone!
158234082X|5.0|I am next to ignorant when it comes to the ways and means of preparing  food, but after I saw an interview with Anthony Bourdain promoting Kitchen  Confidential, I had to get myself a copy.  The man is downright hysterical,  and even more enjoyable is that all the stuff he talks about is true.   Okay, in all likelihood it's not all true since it is his own point of  view, but he does go to some effort to change or hide names of people and  restaurants to avoid problems which would indicate he fears some kind of  libel or other legal retaliation.<br />For a kitchen novice like me, the book  is illuminating.  Bourdain shifts nicely between his own escapades in the  business and general point of interest stories about people he has known  and restaurants he has worked in.  He also tries to explain to the  uninformed things that everyone should know about dining out, such as never  order fish on a Monday (read the book to find out why) and exactly what a  sous-chef is.  The book's reputation is that it is causing a bit of a  scandal among those who are in the industry, but if that's true than it  only adds to the enjoyment, like being let in on big secrets.  I would  think that those in the industry would enjoy it even more than the average  lay person, but to each his own.<br />Another nice little effect is  appreciation for what actually goes on inside a restaurant beyond what the  customer may see.  It's a revelation as to just how hard these people have  to work and all they have to do in preparation, which is sometimes so  complicated it takes one or two re-reads of Bourdain's &quot;Day in the  Life&quot; chapter to fully comprehend.  The other fringe benefit is the  various restaurants that Bourdain does refer to as being worthwhile.  I can  only imagine that it would be great fun to use the book as a guide and eat  at as many of these places as possible, assuming that they still  exist.<br />One word of caution: by necessity, there is a lot of explicit (but  honest) language and situations.  I only say this because it might give  some people pause, but in its defense it is also factual and detailed  reporting.  Bourdain isn't trying to hide the dark side of the restaurant  business and there is no need that he should.  The passage which serves as  an interpreter's guide to kitchen speak is one of the funniest in the  book.<br />Amateur chef, gourmand, or just an average person with an eye  towards the finer aspects of the culinary world, Kitchen Confidential is  one book you will be sorry you missed if you don't read it.
B0000048YO|4.0|Some of this reminds me of Casablanca (1942) with the \\"philosopher of the washroom\\" (Steve Geray) sporting a Peter Lorrie accent and Glenn Ford playing tough like Humphrey Bogart running a night spot in a foreign land, this time Argentina.  Rita Hayworth is Gilda, of course, and the forties Marilyn Monroe.  I'm sure MM studied this film.  The way Monroe does her shoulders and flashes her arm pits as she sings and removes her long-sleeved black gloves in Gentleman Prefer Blondes (1953) is virtually copied from Hayworth's performance here.  You could check it out.<br />Ford is your confident, two-fisted bad boy that women love, circa 1945, kind of like an old-fashioned John Travolta from Pulp Fiction (1994). But notice how benign those bad boys used to be.  The worst thing he does is cheat at dice.  And while he's fast and street wise about most things, he's like a little boy with women. That used to pass for charm. Maybe it still does.<br />The plot is a little too precious in places and Charles Vidor's attention to detail hit and miss, mostly hit; yet there's a nice mysterious forties Hollywood atmosphere created (even though it's supposed to be Buenos Aires).  There's a night life, night time feel to the movie with passwords at the door and evening gowns and dark cars caught in street lamps that helps to recall the forties.<br />You can see the influence of Gilda in movies coming many years after, Chinatown (1974) and L.A.  Confidential (1997) come to mind, the former in the night scenes and the latter because Kim Basinger really looks and behaves more like Rita Hayworth than the Veronica Lake look-alike she portrayed.<br />Memorable is George Macready as the casino owner, he of the pinched face and the long, curved scar on his right cheek, giving him the sinister, devil-may-care air of a man who has fought and won many duels.  I recall he always played villains and made us believe.<br />I liked the resolution which showed that Gilda was more a tease than anything else and kind of sweet even though she said, \\"If I had been a ranch, they'd have named me the Bar-Nothing.\\" Quaint and curious is the old Hollywood code which forbade showing her belly button even in a mid-drift and skirt. ...<br />Hayworth has a sultry and low feminine voice like Laurel Becall (that's the way we liked `em then!)  which is nicely displayed as she sings \\"Put the Blame on Mame, Boys.\\"g else and kind of sweet even though she said, \\"If I had been a ranch, they'd have named me the Bar-Nothing.\\" Quaint and curious is the old Hollywood code which forbade showing her belly button even in a mid-drift and skirt. ...<br />Hayworth has a sultry and low feminine voice like Laurel Becall (that's the way we liked `em then!)  which is nicely displayed as she sings \\"Put the Blame on Mame, Boys.\\"
0786915749|5.0|This was one of the best Dragonlance books i've ever read, not only is the  author Magaret Weis but this is where everything starts!!!!  I know most of  you probably have already read this book but if you haven't your missing  out on one of the best fantasy books and series out there.  Dragonlance has  it all from humor-to romance-to war-from kender to knight.  Don't miss out  on this book and when your done you'll be so happy you'll start on the next  book Dragons of Winter Night and go on to Dragons of Spring Dawning to the  Fith AGE.  Nevermind that now if you haven't read Dragons of Autumn Twight  yet get it now you won't be sorry!!!
B00004THAY|5.0|Album contains B.B.'s emotional riffs and a little bit of Clapton's rock sound (like in ''Hold On I am Coming'').Help the Poor was always one of my favorites but this is the best version I have ever heard.I don't know any  other person so productive in his 75.B.B.King will always be king of the  blues.
B000002H2H|4.0|THE BAND: James Hetfield (lead vocals, rhythm guitars), Kirk Hammett (lead guitars), Cliff Burton (bass guitars), Lars Ulrich (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1984) 8 songs clocking in at approximately 47 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page booklet with black & white band pictures, song credits/lyrics and thank you's. All music written by Metallica. Recorded at Sweet Silence Studios, in Copenhagen, Denmark. Label - Elecktra.<br /><br />COMMENTS: I grew up with this album. Played the vinyl record in college so many times I wore it out (thank God for compact discs). This is still a classic Metallica album. However, decades later, I go back and forth with \\"Ride The Lightning\\". Thinking it totally shreds one week, and then the next week thinking it's so hard to get into. This album takes an acquired taste, and perhaps 'mood' is the better word. \\"Lightning\\" is Metallica finding their roots. Sure 6 of the 8 tracks are fragments of brilliance; atom splitting; rapid-fire assaults on the senses. The lightning quick songs are important in the band's library of songs. They had to go through these early stages to get to where they are today - so many years later. The title track is perhaps my favorite fast track on the album. The two slower songs - \\"For Whom The Bells Toll\\" and \\"Fade To Black\\" - are perhaps two of the best songs in the entire Metallica catalog. I can still listen to these songs anywhere, any time, any day. Both feature some amazing guitar work (both electric and acoustic). \\"Call Of Ktulu\\" is a 9 minute instrumental slugfest that I fell in love again with after their 'live' version on \\"S&M\\" simply blew me away. Decades after this release, it's still a classic in my book, but I have to be in the mood for it. Just a notch below \\"Master Of Puppets\\". Still a great disc.
B000000W6F|4.0|The first album by the pumpkins has every thing from dreamy lyrics to bass heavy riffs and one of the greatest alt rock song and from the start with i am one thay start you on a ride that ends with the very odd lyrics and low  voice tones of D'arcy on daydream and it is over all a great album for the  first attempt of that any fan (and the pumpkins them self) should be proud  of
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie was one of the best movies ever made.  When I first heard of it &quot;WRITTEN BY STEPHEN KING&quot; I seriously thought that it was going to be one of those cheap horror flicks.  but it was an amazing and  brilliant movie (Story Line, Directing) This movie really makes you feel  for these two characters (Morgan Freeman, Tim Robbins) once you see this  movie you will understand what I am talking about
078324228X|5.0|The Hurricane is the true story about Rubin &quot;Hurricane&quot; Carter, a prize fighter who was wrongly imprisoned on trumped up murder charges. Denzel Washington's performance is nothing short of stellar.  Washington  captures the essence of Carter's spirit and portray's it with exquisite  fashion.  The Hurricane is a long movie at 2 and a half hours or so, but  you will be compelled to watch to see what happens with Rubin and his  life.<br />The Hurricane is quite possibly the best movie to be released for  sale in the year 2000.  I can't recommend this one enough!   Buy it!
B000002H97|5.0|THE BAND: James Hetfield (vocals, guitars), Kirk Hammett (guitars), Jason Newsted (bass), Lars Ulrich (drums).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1991) 12 songs clocking in at approximately 63 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page foldout containing individual abstract head shots of each band member, song lyrics and credits. All music and Lyrics by Hetfield/Ulrich, with Hammett co-writing four songs, and Newsted co-writing one. Recorded at One On One Recording Studio, Los Angeles, CA. Label - Elektra.<br /><br />COMMENTS: New producer - enter Bob Rock. Metallica goes back in the studio after a 3 year hiatus after the surprisingly limited success of their prior release, \\"And Justice For All\\" (1988). In my opinion, the band was changing. As good as \\"And Justice For All\\" was - I honestly think the band had taken a small step backward. Metallica was THE band on top of THE heavy metal world after their best known work \\"Master Of Puppets\\" (1986) came out. The drag of constant touring and the death of bassist Cliff Burton were still fresh on their minds, not to mention getting used to new bassist Jason Newsted... with \\"And Justice For All\\", I think there were contributing factors that made it an uneven release. Now, in 1991, a rebirth of sorts. 3 years had gone by since their last album. New songs, new producer, new recording studio, new attitude. Songs on this \\"Black Album\\" were still hard and crunchy with lightning fast riffs, but they absolutely leaned to commercial respectability. \\"Enter Sandman\\" was Metallica's first major radio hit. Followed by the slow masterpieces (power ballads if you will) \\"Nothing Else Matters\\" and \\"The Unforgiven\\". Fans cried \\"sell out\\" as radio stations overplayed each of these 3 songs. For me though, this slightly older, more mature band had released a slick winner. With this self titled album, Metallica showed more diversity. Fast and slow, up and down, not to mention orchestration in the background. This is the album that put Metallica out there to the 'Rock' world (not just the 'Metal' world). As much as the band was \\"anti-mainstream\\", this was the recognition they craved (and in my mind, deserved). Along with the 3 hit songs mentioned above, there is other classic material here... one of my favorite songs in their entire catalog is here, \\"Sad But True\\". As well as other standards, \\"Holier Than Thou\\", \\"Through The Never\\", and Of Wolf And Man\\". Classic disc.ld (not just the 'Metal' world). As much as the band was \\"anti-mainstream\\", this was the recognition they craved (and in my mind, deserved). Along with the 3 hit songs mentioned above, there is other classic material here... one of my favorite songs in their entire catalog is here, \\"Sad But True\\". As well as other standards, \\"Holier Than Thou\\", \\"Through The Never\\", and Of Wolf And Man\\". Classic disc.
B00004TDTO|4.0|Settled into your seat at home, you flip on you're newly aquired &quot;Jaws&quot; DVD, after the FBI warning there is the Universal logo. In the back ground you head little pings and pangs, quiet and soothing while  you see the ocean opening up to you. Then DAA-DU, DAA-DU, the most famous  music cue brings you in as the words &quot;Jaws&quot; comes on the  screen.<br />Jaws is the ultimate it in horror/thriller movies. Steven  Spielberg works his directoral magic in new and moving ways, like in the  first shark attack when we see a girl swiming in the ocean, as she is  attacked, the audience is put head level with her. In a place that we will  feel most vulnerable and afraid. This redefined the meaning of terror,  proven through the fact that many great white sharks were hunted down and  killed after this movies release. Even if you think that this movie is  corney and doesn't scare you, there has not been a movie since it about  sharks that stands on it's own (&quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; springs instantly  to mind) and has been satired as much as &quot;Jaws&quot;.<br />&quot;Jaws&quot; is also has a deeper meaning, brace yourself, I'm gonna  get really deep. At the time of this movie, America was involved with the  Vietnam War, the character of Roy Scheider plays a lone man, married a lady  from the island, and is an outsider to the town even though he is sherif,  soon in the movie, he is the only one who will stand up to the shark and  fight it, very few of his family or allies will help him, as America was in  the war. Also, &quot;Jaws&quot; incorpates another deep seated fears. Fear  of water, is an obvisious one, but also the fear of the unknown. We don't  see the shark till near the end of the movie (which also saves a bundle on  special effects). Nothing scares an audience more than not seeing a killer  in a scary movie. The shark also looks very realistic even today, at least  I found it most realistic then the sharks in &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; (I  know, I don't like that movie and it shows).<br />John Williams, Steven  Spielberg's right hand music man, provides a soundtrack that gives such  dynamic effect. Today, not too many people don't regonize the  &quot;Jaws&quot; theme when it's played.<br />Bottom Line: The ultimate  psychological thriller that will still scare you, even if you know what  happens in the end.don't like that movie and it shows).<br />John Williams, Steven  Spielberg's right hand music man, provides a soundtrack that gives such  dynamic effect. Today, not too many people don't regonize the  &quot;Jaws&quot; theme when it's played.<br />Bottom Line: The ultimate  psychological thriller that will still scare you, even if you know what  happens in the end.
0440219078|5.0|My class was assigned to read this book over the summer.  Its about a boy, Jonas, who lives in a world of no feelings, colors, or any of the common happiness people take for granted everyday of their lives.  I think that this story really helps people to realize and learn to value all the small  things around you.  It also made me aware of my rite to choose.  Now, I am  going into the 7th grade, and as I said, i was assigned to read this book  for school, but i had also read it in the fourth grade.  I did understand  it, and I did enjoy it, but I do feel that I certainly enjoyed it more now  that i am older.  And I feel that it is more intended for older children,  not a Fourth or Fifth grade student.  But its your choice!  It was, though,  one of the best books I have ever read!  And if you like the author, Lois  Lowry, you should also try &quot;Number the Stars&quot; , especially if you  are looking for another outstanding story for a younger reader!
B000002GYG|5.0|'Nighthawks at the Diner' is maybe the best description of Tom Waits as an artist. He simply invited some audience and presented them his new work - very brave and original way to record (his only 2nd) album. It just shows  that Tom Waits like to experiment, later on he made few experimental rock  albums (on some of them even Primus helped him). From the musical side we  have bar jazz songs, that Tom uses for background for his poetry, just as  he does it all the time until today. About his lyrics, I don't have too  much to say - beatifull beat poetry, who likes Jack Keruac and Charles  Bukowski, he'll like Tom Waits too. Through this album Tom Wait built his  reputation of a skid row artist, that has big lfe expirience, has something  to say and knows to do it in a great poetic way.
6304936362|1.0|This Movie is the biggest waist of time and money, I've seen it on TV and Video, both times I was greatly disappointed.  The only accurate part about this film are the dates.  The Memphis Belle was not shot up like Swiss  cheese like portrayed in the film.  It is safe and sound and in one full  piece at Mud Island Memphis, Tennessee.  In 25 Combat missions not a  scratch, the only time it was seriously damaged was when it was being  lifted by a crane in an aircraft boneyard and the tail assembly broke.  The  Dysfunctional crew with it's petty and stupid differences would never  happen in a crew that relies on each other for their lives, the copilot  leaving his seat to shoot down a German plane for &quot;glory,&quot; give  me a break, it's just another great story that Hollywood felt wasn't  exciting to tell, this movie is a joke and a disgrace to anyone who served  our country.  Any history buff will find that Kelly's Hero's has more  historical and entertainment value.  Save your time and money.  Buy  something else!
B000005HLV|5.0|This isDEFNITIVE black metal. one of the ones that started it all. people have no  respect for the one of the albums that started black metal. this is a must  own along with Darkthrones &quot;a blaze in the northern sky&quot; and  Burzum &quot;Burzum/Aske&quot; and Bathory &quot;under the sign of the  black mark&quot; and Venom &quot;Black Metal&quot;.anways about this item:  First full mayhem album, Guitars are good by the Lord Of Black metal  Euronymous, Drums are awesome by hellhammer,one of the greatest drummers  right up there with Pete Sandoval(Morbid Angel).songs to look out for:  Pagan Fears, Freezing Moon, Funeral Fog, From the Darkest Past, and Cursed  in eternity, but of course all the songs are great.
B0000399WC|5.0|This is an incredible movie. I saw it for the first time a couple of weeks ago. Half the time I had to turn my head and look away and half the time I couldn't take my eyes off the screen. Incredible endurance and fortitude  and undying friendship. McQueen and Hoffman give performances you will  never be able to forget. This is hardly a feel-good movie, but it's not a  complete downer, either. Bleak, yet hopeful... and a beautifully presented  story.
B000002JSJ|3.0|It's rather difficult to review this album and not  bring up the personal traumas afflicting Led Zeppelin during its recording. The instant, quick-fix recording is very evident in nearly every song on here, a  mish-mash of raw, sloppy, often toe tapping, and periodically brillant  arrangement of songs. The album features three of the band's least known  &quot;great songs,&quot; that have been overshadowed with some of their  earlier, more mainstream hits.  The album starts off with an epic bang with  Achilles Last Stand, an overlong but often brilliant song highlighted with  John Bonham's thunderous playing, literally and figuratively busting a hole  through his drum skins. Plant's voice often waviers and sounds weak in this  one, but picks up at the end. Page's guitars, like through the majority of  the album, is not on par with his earlier work (the notable exemption being   Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot;).  &quot;For Your Life&quot; is an  interesting, start-stop song frequented by brief moments of silence  sprinked throughout. Very interesting, but sloppy. Sounds like the band  wrote the song in about ten minutes and through it on the album.  &quot;Candy Store Rock&quot; is more of the same, only slightly more  annoying. &quot;Hots on for Nowhere&quot; is a fun, inventive song, and  remains of the three unknown gems on the album. The third gem and best song  on the album is &quot;Nobody's Fault But Mine&quot;, not nearly as  overblown and just as layered as &quot;Achilles Last Stand,&quot; the song  shows the four at the latter years best with Page showing considerable  life, Bonham continuing to take the band under his leadership for this  album and keeping things from becoming monotoneous, and John Paul Jones  doing a solid job on bass (Keyboards were hardy ever or never used on the  album). The last couple of songs, save for small moments in the bluesy  &quot;Tea for One,&quot; are forgettable Zeppelin songs.  Overall, the  album is not one of the band's best,but does boast three relatively  unknown songs that  should be noted alongside some of the best the band  made.
B000002G6J|5.0|It is undeniably true that the best Tom Jobim was recorded under Creed Taylor production on Verve (\\"The Composer Plays\\") and for Taylor's CTI, including this \\"Wave\\" - both blessed by Claus Ogerman arrangements, the same maestro who's worked with Bill Evans in the now-Jazz classic \\"Symbiosis\\". This is also a must-have in any serious Bossa Nova collection.
B000005HFH|5.0|This is a lovely album -- very cool, soft, ambient and sentimental without being cheesy, with an overall good-natured melancholia.  If you're prone to doomed love affairs, you'll get lots of mileage out of this album.  Pop  this puppy in the stereo, grab yourself some Kleenex and a box of pink  wine, and sigh the night away.  What could be nicer?
0790731509|5.0|If you've ever heard that phrase and wonder where it came from, it came from this classic movie. A tragic story of  nice guy who is too much of a wise-acre for his own good.<br />After he cuts the heads off of parking meters  during a drunk spree, Luke wakes up in a hell-hole of a prison w/ prison  guards and wardens that are sadistic disciplinarians.<br />Luke can play the  game and survive if he wants, but he'd rather keep his dignity. Stupendous  acting by all performers and Newman's look of total innocence through-out  adds to the appeal of the character and the film. Lots of funny moments,  but lots more tragic and poignant moments. Makes you think twice about  drinking... that's for sure. ;-p  Oscar nominations galore and scenes  you'll never forget. This is a must-see.
B000002JPA|2.0|when ever I hear dream theater. the smashing pumpkins and jane's addiction almost always springs to mind . All the bands are prog, metal, god knows what else hybrids. To me where dream theater ineptness shows is their  utterlack of abilty to create one song that memorable. Very often melodic  and tuneful songs take a backseat to Jon Pertucci guitar god asperiations(  he comes across as a person who knows of Jimi Hendrix, Steve Vai Van Halen  Jeff Beck, jimmy Page etc. but like he's never actulay heard their music)  Pertucci comes up with diffcult riffs but there are all unmemorable. Makr  Portony plays drums like he unfamilar with the sound of a cymbal or and  makes truly gratious use of double bass and snare drum, bass line, yeah  right, no way to so off. Dream theater is full of prenetsion like SP and JA  but lakc the unqiue sounds scapes and stylistic aporach that both bands  had.Plus James Labier is in no way a vocalist, what he dosent is stylized  speech, not signing the lyrics are too clunky and dont work in the  fractured badly disjojnted soundscape, there riffs and notes here and there  but in now way is this comptent music on any level
6300271145|5.0|Sensitive Tavernier crafted a picture which only a fan could have made. Based on pianist Bud Powell real life story. Oscar winner musician Dexter Gordon acts and plays smartly. A beautifully real and sad story for all  jazz and non-jazz fans. Music by Herbie Hancock with Dexter Gordon. Great!
B000006045|5.0|God this is a cool CD.  I hope Massive Attack brings back Sara Jay for their next outing; &quot;Dissolved Girl&quot; is just brilliant.  I'm not a huge fan of all the ladies they picked to lend vocals for the album Protection, but here the selection is perfectly in sync.  Quality wise, the sound is loaded with low-end resolution -- the window rattling variety.  Mezzanine is one of the great albums of trip hop.
B000002JS6|5.0|This album became the best selling album of all time from a band coming off the death of their lead singer.  Who would've thought that through all the skepticism that AC/DC could rebound off Bon Scott's death and create an  album in the top selling 10 of all time?  I guarantee to anyone that this  album will leave you banging your head and yelling for more!
B00001NFCY|1.0|i borrowed this album from someone a week after it came out. i heard higher on the radio and thought maybe the rest of the album would be decent. boy was i in for a  surprise. the entire thing seemed unoriginal  and insipid. i heard only three radio ready songs: higher, what if, and  w/arms wide open. (and i can't stand w/arms...) THREE SONGS DOESN'T MAKE A  GREAT CD. hell, three songs doesn't even make a cd worthwhile. i'll be  willing to bet they don't pull another single off the album. i was sick  when i listened to the track, beautiful. does scott stapp think he's jim  morrison? <br />as far as the comparisons to pearl jam go, don't be fooled.  these prima donnas couldn't touch pearl jam as far as talent goes. just  compare sophmore efforts. human clay and vs., probably THE BEST album i  own. creed doesn't stand a chance. <br />as far as brian marshall's  comments(we are better song writers than pearl jam and pearl jam doesn't  write songs with hooks, etc.) well these are also false. you say creed  writes better songs? well that must be pretty hard to say since you have  nothing to do with the song writing process. not only that, eddie vedder's  lyrics are powerful and lasting whereas scott's lack originality. you also  said pj can't write songs w/ hooks? well congradulations, you wrote three  wonderful songs all over the radio, mtv, and vh1 so that teenage girls and  other highly impressionable kids can waste their money on your album and  program song #'s 2, 8, 9.
B00004THAY|5.0|I've been playing this cd almost constantly since I got it.  The blues can't get any better than BB &amp; Eric.  This is bound to be a classic - everyone should have this cd in their collection.
B000002H97|2.0|Called &quot;The Black Album,&quot; and of course we all know the obvious reason why, this 1991 release by Metallica was incredibly popular in a time when grunge was just gaining a foothold in popular music and &quot;Smells  Like Teen Spirit&quot; was a smash hit and a deliberately executed anthem  for teens everywhere.  What most people have not figured out yet is this  album can be called its nickname for another reason--the songs are empty  and utterly devoid of imagination or life.<br />This album is heralded as  &quot;saving metal,&quot; but I know that it killed it instead.  Even in  the laughable hair-metal era, all types of metal still had a sort of  integrity and brotherhood, an elite society that could not be attained by  on-the-beaten-path, mainstream rockers and fans.  However, Metallica  somehow managed to force their way into the popular music genre, and of  course people jumped all over it.  Both the album and the band became  sellouts overnight, gaining a huge legion of fans and losing their first  and most loyal at the same time.  You can liken it to a treehouse club in  which the president or whomever is in charge invites fifty or so other kids  to join, and the original member's protests are howled down by the new  members.  Therefore, the original members leave, and their is no integrity  or honor left.<br />For the songs, only &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; and  &quot;Unforgiven&quot; can be considered good music.  &quot;Sad But  True,&quot; &quot;Wherever I May Roam,&quot; and &quot;The God that  Failed&quot; are mediocre at best, and the rest of the songs are not even  mere shadows of Metallica's former glory, but entirely new spectres that  haunt the first and best fans for the rest of their days.
0449911357|5.0|Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe will make you cry, laugh, and realize, in the end, the strength of the human spirit can prevail over all sorts of evil elements<br />Fannie Flagg, in her characteristic voice,  spins a yarn that will have you laughing until it hurts, while at the same  time, exposing the horrors of racism and sexism in the south and the rest  of the country.  She creates the most lovable characters in Onzell, Sipsey,  Idgie, Ruth, Momma, Poppa, Big George, Stump, Ninny, and Evelyn Couch.   Join Evelyn in her rebirth in the &quot;All-Black&quot; Baptist Church she  visits one Sunday, laugh as Vesta Adcock runs over her gardener head as  he's napping, (he lives, just a few tires marks!) laugh as Dot Weem reports  that her husband burnt down the garage, and forgot to back the car out in  order to save his brand new saw!  Flagg's voice is truly southern, rich,  ripe with humor, pride and seriousness.  This book will make you hungry and  could easily lead to your gaining weight!<br />Told in a series of short  flashbacks, the plot is not easily defined, but is perfect for the book!   Read this sweet, lovable, good, book; you'll feel better afterward!
B00000K19E|5.0|Have you ever had a dream you were so sure was real? What if you were unable to wake from that dream? How would you tell the difference between the dream world, and the real world? <br /> That is the essence of this movie.  What is the Matrix? Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is.  You have to see it for yourself. Laurence Fishburne is the dramatic star of  The Matrix. I was surprised to see him in this movie. I thought he would be  in a Shakespeare Troupe.  <br /> In this film, Keanu Reeves plays a software  writer (at the Metacortex - this movie is teeming with subtleties -  Corporation in a nameless, soulless, city) who is a computer hacker by  night. He is looking for the world's leading terrorist, Morpheus  (Fishburne). One day, Morpheus' surrogate contacts Reeves and takes him to  meet Morpheus. <br /> Reeves believes the year is 1999. In fact, the year is  closer to 2199. Reeves is one of many people enslaved by machines (this  aspect of The Matrix reminds me of The Terminator) fighting humans. These  machines ran on solar power. Then man &quot;scorched the sky.&quot; What  were these machines to do? They now run on body heat provided by slaves  kept in womb-like chambers; the dead are liquified and fed to the living;  humans are no longer grown, but harvested. To keep the slaves occupied, the  machines keep the heat sources tied up in The Matrix, &quot;the wool that  has been pulled over your eyes.&quot; The humans fighting the machines are  in trouble and are fighting to defend the last human city on Earth, Zion  (as I said, this movie is filled with subtle references that go beyond mere  action movie fodder). High-speed lines run into the brains of the humans  enslaved in these womb-like chambers. This movie has some titillation for  the jabronis. The Matrix is a thinking man's movie. <br /> Those humans are  connected to the Matrix, a virtual reality computer program that makes  people think they are going to work or school in this city orthat city in  1999. Morpheus convinces Reeves he is The One, the chosen one who will  destroy the Matrix and liberate the world's slaves. As Morpheus says of the  Matrix, &quot;The Matrix is a computer program. It has rules. As in any  computer program, those rules can be bent and broken.&quot;
B00003CX5A|5.0|Good gracious I just watched this DVD last night and my goodness was it ever scary.  I almost wet my pants when I watched it.  Johnny Depp was wonderful.  And what a cutie he is also.  Christopher Watkins was great  too.  He also was very cute.
0425152251|1.0|As a lover of philosophy, I was simply infuriated by &quot;Sophie's  World&quot;. The treatment of the great philosophers and their ideas is so  shallow that it is simply revolting. The characters are flat and  unconvincong, the dialogues are artificial, and the plot is smart-alecky  and pretentious. My only hope is that young readers will not be satisfied  with this book and look for ones which do more justice to this most  virtuous of human pursuits. If you have not yet read &quot;Sophie's  World&quot;, I beg you - leave this mass-market piece of junk on the shelf.  It will give you the worst possible misconceptions. For an excellent and  interesting account I would recomment Brian Magee's &quot;The Great  Philosophers&quot;, and for economic thought - Robert Heilbroners's  &quot;The Worldly Philosophers&quot;.
B00004TH83|5.0|Let's see...sounds like Celine Dion...but sure doesn't look like Celine Dion. I guess you could say they updated her for the new millennium. Worth a listen even if you hate Dion.
0767903854|3.0|Not that it is a bad travel book, as travel books go, but not a worthy  Bryson.  I have read all his books and usually keep them for when I am  alone, or at least at home.  That is because laughing out loud so often in  public can get you stared at.  This book, unfortunately, can be read  anywhere.  It is informative but doesn't have that humor I have grown to  expect and wait for in Bryson's fabulous books.
B000022TT4|2.0|for anyone expecting u2 to be sincere,forget it.This is u2 at ther bombastic and patronising worst.if you want to see u2 at ther live best get the superb zooropa vid otherwise watch u2 be a walking,talking jookbox
B00001OH1S|3.0|Don't get me wrong, the movie is my all time favorite movie, so when I got the soundtrack I was looking forward to it being another fave. But after buying it I was let down, half the songs that I bought the cd for weren't  on the soundtrack. Instead of having the instrumental songs I liked (when  they were stealing the painting, the dance scene, the muted trumpet when  they got the warrant for his house) they had other instrumentals that I  didn't recognize because I hadn't liked them as much. I am glad that I  bought the cd because I am a huge fan of the film, but it could have been  better. Maybe they will make another one to follow it up...
630516889X|5.0|I think PREDATOR is one of the best sci-fi movies of all time.Why? it's got everything a fan needs. Great action,good plot,excellent cast,not to mention the beautiful sceenery,awesome special effects,and some  gore.Also,  give some big props to STAN WINSTON FOR HIS OUT-OF-SIGHT SPECIAL EFFECTS.  IT HAS GOOD RUNNING TIME and like i said before, if you're a bigtime sci-fi  and ARNOLD SCHWARZENEEGER fan like me, YOU MUST SEE THIS MOVIE! <br />  RATED-R for   sci-fi violence,brief gore,and some language
B000002IJO|5.0|Dancing Undercover is the album that sums up Ratt, a great energetic rock band with a dance type sound to it. Very good all around album with three great songs (Slip of the Lip, Body Talk and Dance). Slip of the Lip is my  favorite Ratt song of all time.
B00004T8RK|4.0|I was a little tied up over whether to give this album 3 or 4 stars.. I think its sort of a 3.5, but I give it the benefit of the doubt simply because they are Pearl Jam. I suppose the reason that I'm a little  disappointed is that I expected a little more since this is their sixth  studio album. Also, only about half of the songs really grabbed me.<br />The  album starts off pretty strong with the two most rock-centered songs on the  album, Breakerfall &amp; Gods' Dice (both someone reminiscent of Brain of J  from Yield). Although it's a little disappointing they are each so short  (clocking just over 2 minutes each). In no time at all you are already on  track 3. Grievence is another rock oriented song. It builds up to wonderful  ending. I especially love the drums at the beginning.<br />The two softer  songs: I really like the Music on Light Years especially the instrumental  portions towards the end. My only gripe on it is that Eddie is singing  pretty high, the vocals remind me too much of Last Kiss for my liking.  Still a good song. Thin Air is a really pretty song. Although soft, it is  still driving in parts. Of the Girl seems sort of experimental but it goes  over really well. It sort of reminds me of how I felt about WMA when I  first heard VS. It's soft and pretty with a nice chorus. <br />Weak points on  the album include Evacuation (nice chorus, but pretty bland musically)  Rival (a really odd song, I just can't stand it) and Soon Forget (this song  is really out of place not only because it is experimental, but also  because it fits badly between sleight of hand and parting ways) <br />The  amazing songs: First off, my favorite song on the album, Insignificance. I  just love how it builds up to the chorus and then eventually to the ending.  Others are the two of the songs Ament did music for: Nothing as it Seems is  one of the eeriest Pearl Jam songs to date. It has great instrumentals in  it with effects on them to complement the dark theme. Sleight of Hand, the  other, has an amazing sort of space-like sound to its music. Some Vedder's  best vocals are on this song. Finally, the last song (and the perfect  ending to the album) Parting Ways. The progression in this song is done  well too. The raw and crashing guitar sound builds towards the end  contrasting the beautiful string arrangements.<br />All in all, a good album.  I just expected a little bit more.
B00001OH80|3.0|Tonight, the duet with Tina Turner, is a classic soulful song and worth the price of the album. Blue Jean is Bowie at his best, breathy vocals and a great catchy riff. Loving The Alien is noteworthy but the rest of the  material is standard 80s pop and nothing particularly groundbreaking (for  Bowie, that is). I still find it a pleasure to listen to though. And this  must be Bowie's most beautiful album cover with his blue face against the  roses and leaves.
0800111680|5.0|The story of the building of a bridge in the jungles of Burma by British POWs during WWII. Essentially there are two stories. One story line follows the struggle of Colonel Nicholson and Colonel Saito to dominate each other  by the stubborness of will. Nicholson is brilliantly played by Alec  Guinness as a cold hearted stiff upper lip type who loses the plot and  eventually comes to see the bridge building project through the bewildered  eyes of his would be enemy counterpart Saito.  The second story is the  struggle of Shears (William Holden) with all an individual has to take in a  war; imprisonment, coercion into fighting and stubborn muleheaded likes of  Nicholson and Major Warden, played by veteran English actor Jack Hawkins.  The struggle of Shears is essentially summed in this quote from his  character, &quot;This is just a game, this war! You and Colonel Nicholson,  you're two of a kind, crazy with courage. For what? How to die like a  gentleman... how to die by the rules... when the only important thing is  how to live like a human being.&quot;  Filmed in the jungle and heat of Sri  Lanka the physical hardship of the environment is an amazing backdrop to  this masterfully told story. Check out the beautiful Siamese female porters  who give Shears a soaping down at one point. The environments hardships  aren't all bad I guess.
0201626632|5.0|This book in my opinion is a must read for anyone considering a Ph.D.  Although in some cases I find his guidance a little myopic for the  engineering diciplines (it is mostly directed at the hard sciences) yet it  provides a great deal of information and guidance that you will not be  taught in college. He gives examples of what one should and should not do  during Ph.D. studies, postdoctoral work and job hunting. It has provided me  with a great deal of new knowledge.
B00003CWL6|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is one of the few great films to come out of Hollywood in recent times. It is a film of irony and contrast with a deeply revealing title. The film contrasts two different kinds of beauty: the material objects (money, home, sex partners) that we think are beautiful and the potential we have as human beings to enrich each other's lives. It is often our misconception of beauty that hinders our attainment of the real thing.<br />Although the film takes place in suburban America and shows us the gnawing misery, and dissapointment that many of its denizens feel, it is not an assault on anyone's values or way of life. Instead, it is a study of the confusion and misdirection that most people feel and which drives them to inadvertantly hurt one another.<br />Lester Burnham is angry at his wife because she appears to be an obsessive materialist to him. His wife despises him because he does not do the things that she believes are necessary to ensure the family's survival. Lester's daughter hates him because he lusts for her best friend. This is a bit of a gray area because on the one hand her resentment is based on sincere revulsion, and on the other hand it is based on a sense of loss of her fauther's attention in a psycho-sexual manner. Lester's neighbor appears to be a typical bigot, and homophobe, while the neighbor's eccentric son is the only person who seems to actually see what is going on in other peoples' lives. The son furtively films the Burnhams and in the process he gains insite into their disenchantment. He also falls in love with and has an affair with Lester's daughter.<br />The film questions why we choose to lead the kind of lives we do and what our fixations--many of which are rooted in materialism--really amount to. Lester lusts for his daughter's friend, but in the end he redeems himself by caring for her in a compassionate manner rather than taking advantage of her. The biggoted neighbor on the other hand is unable to transcend his homophobic fixations which--no surprise here--are rooted in his own repressed homosexuality. One of the most tragic and sympathetic characters in the film is Lester's wife. In the process of struggling to look after her family in the best way she knows how (selling houses and keeping her own home spotless)she is left with a sense of yearning but no idea of what she is missing or how to obtain it.<br />At the end of the film, moments before his death, Lester looks at a picture of his emotionally estranged wife and daughter and shakes his head in happy disbelief. Despite the problems, fights, and misunderstandings he realizes that they are the source of his happiness and and that they have many possibilites together. The evolution of Lester's sense of beauty--from lusting for a teenage girl to feeling genuine love for his family--is similar to Socrates'sense of beauty in &quot;The Symposium&quot;. The film does not give us a neat and tidy ending. Lester dies before he can act on his realization and it is unclear whether his wife and daughter will achieve the same understanding he did.<br />&quot;American Beauty&quot; shows us that most of our unhappiness is illusary. We are afraid of things which may or may not exist and we are struggling to obtain things of marginal importance. In the process of disecting these things, the film also reveals our tremendous possibility for happiness. This possibility is surrounded by obstacles and is often invisible. It often comes on the tail end of many mistakes and only if we are open-minded or perceptive enough to grasp it. But it is very real and it is out there for all of us. This is the actual American beauty.d his homophobic fixations which--no surprise here--are rooted in his own repressed homosexuality. One of the most tragic and sympathetic characters in the film is Lester's wife. In the process of struggling to look after her family in the best way she knows how (selling houses and keeping her own home spotless)she is left with a sense of yearning but no idea of what she is missing or how to obtain it.<br />At the end of the film, moments before his death, Lester looks at a picture of his emotionally estranged wife and daughter and shakes his head in happy disbelief. Despite the problems, fights, and misunderstandings he realizes that they are the source of his happiness and and that they have many possibilites together. The evolution of Lester's sense of beauty--from lusting for a teenage girl to feeling genuine love for his family--is similar to Socrates'sense of beauty in &quot;The Symposium&quot;. The film does not give us a neat and tidy ending. Lester dies before he can act on his realization and it is unclear whether his wife and daughter will achieve the same understanding he did.<br />&quot;American Beauty&quot; shows us that most of our unhappiness is illusary. We are afraid of things which may or may not exist and we are struggling to obtain things of marginal importance. In the process of disecting these things, the film also reveals our tremendous possibility for happiness. This possibility is surrounded by obstacles and is often invisible. It often comes on the tail end of many mistakes and only if we are open-minded or perceptive enough to grasp it. But it is very real and it is out there for all of us. This is the actual American beauty.
B000001GBJ|3.0|After seeing several CD's in the best seller list, I decided to give this group a shot. I found the mix of folk Irish, classical and new age to be quite engaging with the harmonies on several songs to be quite beautiful.  However, in listening to all the tracks, I was somewhat dissapointed in the  lack of musical depth. Each song seemed to run on the same formula and by  the end of the CD, it was just too predictable. As a mix of styles, it's  worth at least listening to as good background music or music to fall  asleep by.
0061092037|5.0|Jeffrey Archer is one of those authors - the kind that people love to  hate. He writes fiction that requires no real thinking to get through, just  a great sense of wanting to be entertained.<br />In the Fourth Estate, Archer  describes the lives of two ficticious (although clearly based on some  well-known real life moguls) newspaper barons. He explains their differing  beginnings (one humble, one rich) and intersperses this with the story of a  battle to win a business empire.<br />The story is every part the cliche  &quot;page turner&quot;, especially towards the end, when the climactic  chapters and the way they build up a great sense of suspense is testament  to the enjoyable experience you have reading this book.<br />This was my first  Jeffrey Archer novel that I'd read - if you're in the same position it's a  great place to start.
079073463X|5.0|In this film Matthew Broderick playes &quot;the mouse&quot;, a young thief who manages to escape from the dungeon and the clutches of the tyrannical Bishop of Aquilla.  Broderick is saved from recapture by Rutger Hauer who  plays &quot;Navar&quot;, the former captain of the Bishop's guard.   Michelle Pfeifer plays the hauntingly beautiful &quot;Isabo&quot; who loves  Navar.  Here's the catch -- the Bishop also desires Isabo.  When the Bishop  learned that Isabo was already in love with Navar, he fell from grace and  made a pact with the evil one to place a curse on the lovers -- during the  day Navar is a man, but Isabo is a hawk.  At night Navar transforms into a  large black wolf and Isabo reverts to her human form.  They are together  forever, eternally apart.  That's the situation Broderick falls  into.<br />This movie includes love and loyalty, deceit and repentance (on the  part of the lovers' former priest), drama, a good sword fight or two, a  touch of magical mystery, and, dare I say it? -- True love.  <br />The  soundtrack was developed by Alan Parsons (of the Alan Parsons Project).  It  therefore has a a somewhat modern sound to it, but Parsons works his  musical magic to make it work with the medieval time frame.  I think it's a  wonderful touch to the movie.<br />Whether you enjoy medieval stories or not,  this movie is well worth watching.  It will tug at your heart strings and  get you cheering for the unlikely heroes.<br />Great stuff!<br />5 stars.<br />Alan  Holyoak
0060920084|3.0|After reading this waggish travel book I've made up my mind to see the Grand Canyon - one day -and never to eat food provided by any establishment connected to a highway especially if the food is described as a  &quot;Pastie&quot; cf English cuisine. Travelling through 38 states driving  his mother's Chevette, sleeping in motels, visiting tourist sites, national  parks and towns he renames to protect the innocent, Mr Bryson's candid  comments, fun about local accents ( &quot; how doo yew lack Mississippi?),  potted statistics and historical info make for an enjoyable read.  Most  amusing bits to me: his interaction with waitresses. &quot; The hostess  came over.  She was chewing gum and didn't look over friendly. ' Help you?'  She said. 'I'd like a table for one, please.' She clicked her gum in an  unattractive fashion. 'We're closed.' 'You look pretty open to me.' 'It's a  private party. They've (the Shriners) reserved the restaurant for the  evening.' ' I'm stranger in town. Can you tell me where else I can get  something to eat!' She grinned, clearly pleased to be able to give me some  bad news. 'We're the only restaurant in Sundance' she said.
B000006OAM|1.0|I was expecting it to be as good as Tigerlily, but it was just so depressing.  She has such a beautiful voice, I've liked her music ever since she was with 10,000 Maniacs, but this is just a little too bleh for  me.
B00000J7A2|5.0|Van Vliet and the band are new to me.  It may just be something you have to be ready for, but if you are, if you can see, you'll realize this is truly a masterpiece. The addition of the bonus tracks makes it too good to  take.
0792101448|5.0|Spaghetti Westerns have always had a bad press, despite being very popular. To give this film a throwaway tag like spaghetti western would do it a great injustice.  It is full of intriging images, intelligent  conversations and exciting incidents. The main actors grab hold of their  roles with relish and at the end you know you have seen a great film. Watch  out for the shortened versions though. The Sergio Leone film starts with a  tour de force opening credits - barely twenty words are spoken,  yet is on  the screen for 16 or so minutes. A pesky fly steals the screen from a  sinister but comic Jack Elam. Woody Strode and one other complete the trio  waiting for the train.  I heard that Leone had planned to have the  characters from his earlier films, Eastwood, Wallach and Van Cleef as these  characters, just to emphasis speed of the Charles Bronson character,  Harmonica (originally James Corburn was earmarked for this part). With all  due respect, to Corburn, in the final gunplay alone, Bronson could not be  bettered.  Watch his eyes carefully as the camera circles pass his face. He  has the only face that does this shot full justice. Mount Rushmore indeed.   The music is wonderous too. Each character has their own theme, and  Morricone only improved on it with his later Once Upon A Time in America.   Henry Fonda's baby blues are cast against type very successfully as Frank,  the most evil of killers.  Fonda's shooting of a whole family as a way of  introduction is very brave film making, and exactly what Leone intended -  to shock the audience. The film is very long and satisfying and full of  humour. A joke involving Lionel Stander takes about 15 minutes to reach the  punchline. My advice is for you to see this masterpiece and join millions  of fans of this film.
B00000JCB2|4.0|Yup, I think this CD is a great piece of music, shows you how to speak up clearly and get rid of all the &quot;beating around the bush&quot; attitude. The lyrics are greatly arranged aswell as the music  (means  especially voices and guitars). Good for releasing some tension bout our  sometimes so narrow-minded,prudish and most of all hypocritical world and  societies!
0440224764|2.0|As is made clear early on, Pat Lanigan, Grisham's protagonist here, stole $90 million from his law firm and their well-connected client 4 years ago and hid in Brazil.  But now everyone has caught up with him.  First, the  thugs working for the client and the stung insurers.  Then, the FBI.  He  gets sued for divorce, his unhappy wife's lover may put a contract on him,  he is facing a federal fraud rap, but that's the least of it: he is facing  prison and/or death in Mississippi on a homicide charge - who was that poor  sap whose body was found in the blazing car wreck, if it wasn't  Lanigan?<br />While his Brazilian lover tries to move the money around fast  enough to keep it ahead of the pursuers, the apparently multiply doomed  Lanigan, from his heavily guarded room in a military hospital, begins  playing his own cards.  One after another.  After another...<br />Well, it's  entertaining to see someone who has planned as well as Lanigan play his  cards, but after a while it's not suspenseful.  And I have to say that the  writing really flags during the last half of the book, as the stories get  told more than once, as Lanigan recounts 'what really happened', as you are  told what is going to happen, and then told when it happens, and as you  figure out exactly how this is all going to wind up.<br />Well, almost  exactly.  There is a surprise twist at the end which comes out of the blue,  and which no reader has liked or will like.  So the net effect is: you get  interested for a while, then somewhat numbed, and then someone hits you.  There is a lot of stuff out there that will interest you more and not hit  you at the end.
0790731983|5.0|&quot;Life is a cabaret, old chum! Come to the CA-BA-RET!&quot; crows Sally Bowles (Liza Minnelli) in the brightly lit Kit Kat Club. Cabaret. The word calls out, &quot;Celebration!&quot;. And this film is just that: a  celebration of a devinely decadent era. In 1931 Berlin, a larger-than-life  singer whose motto &quot;Life is a cabaret, ol' chum!&quot; carries her  through the darkly decadent days of pre-Nazism. Meeting a young bisexual  English writer, she encounters many adventures with him along for a wild  ride. Although they are worlds apart, the two begin a passionate love  affair... while the Nazis begin their rampage on Germany. Many musical  sequences in the picture, taking place at the tawdry Kit Kat Club, provide  some of the greatest songs and savory entertainment ever put on the screen.  Liza Minnelli, in a much deserved Oscar-winning role, is thrilling in all  of her solo numbers: in &quot;Mein Herr&quot;, she dances with a vivacious  electricity, singing lustily, &quot;And though I used to care/ I need the  open air/ You're better off without me, Mein Herr!&quot;. In &quot;Maybe  This Time&quot;, she passionately sings about the love that will come to  her... maybe this time. And in the picture's title tune,  &quot;Cabaret&quot;, Liza belts out the best song of a fabulous score:  &quot;What good is sitting alone in your room?/ Come hear the music play/  Life is a cabaret, old chum!/ Come to the cabaret!&quot;. Michael York does  just fine as her writer friend, and Joel Grey won a Best Supporting Actor  Oscar for his portrayal of a rather unsettling &quot;Master of  Ceremonies&quot;: &quot;Wilkommen, bienvenu, velcome! In cabaret, undt,  cabaret, undt, CABARET!&quot; The marvelous, Oscar-winning cinematography,  sound and direction by Bob Fosse create a highly stylized musical drama  that you won't want to miss. Come to the &quot;Cabaret&quot;, old chum!
B00000I8UF|5.0|Truly one of the greatest jazz drummers that ever lived, Art Blakey and Jazz Messengers shine on this classic album recorded over 40 years ago. Augmented by a pair of bonus tracks, as well as being remixed and  remastered by album's original engineer, the great Rudy Van Gelder,  &quot;Moanin'&quot; sounds better than ever. Now that this album is  midpriced, you have no excuse not to pick this up. Absolutely a must  have!
B000023VR6|5.0|It is this simple. Dre has produced one of the greatest rap cds ever. Even in his musical genius style Dre has the composure to let up some of his smaller homies take on the front seat while he sits and watchez (Eminem  e.g) but when he takes the mic, ...people, school is in session.2001 is  5star plus callibre ..and in my view in the same stature with 'All Eyez On  Me'..the greatest rap cd ever no hating but if you've been following up  from them dayz then its not about east or west..its about being a tight MC.  And 4real thats what Dre is. Still, Whats the Difference, The next episode,  Forgot about Dre, F- you , ...all those track are hot but the interlude  with Eddie Griffith was pure musical Genius. Thats my word.
B000002IZM|5.0|Although this official release adds digital sound effects and includes tracks not present in the film, it is my opinion that they add to the already great soundtrack.  The added sound effects present on a few tracks  help bring images from the movie while listening, especially of the  brooding atmosphere of the film.  Of the new songs added, 'Rachel's Song'  especially is a great addition to this release.<br />Having listened to other  versions of the soundtrack including the offworld release, I can say this  official release adds enough to shine in its own way, despite not being as  inclusive as pirated versions.  The quality of the recording is of course  better, and the tracks flow into one another in a way not found in the  other versions.
0679805273|4.0|I absolutely love this book. It is about making your way through the world. This book deals with all of the situations that one goes through as he/she travels through life. It speaks of the many twists and turns, which  idealizes the events and problems one encounters. However, it gives notice  to the personal power that one has to overcome these obstacles in life. I  find it very encouraging. It is a great book to give a senior, who is  graduating from high school. I feel that this is a great book for people of  all ages. It gives hope and peace to anyone, especially those who need some  extra inspiration.
0393038912|4.0|This is not the usual non-fiction books that I read; I was captivated by his thesis. Although at times the book was too in-depth, the overall perspective on food production was absolutely fascinating. The book really  makes you think about the evolution of societies and the role of the guns,  germs, and steel.
0670824399|4.0|This book is about a young girl named Matilda, who is blessed with a brilliant mind. She is very intellectual for her age, not to mention very MAGICAL! She has special powers, which enable her to do amazing stunts.  However, she has two parents who are absolutely repulsive. They are very  neglectful, and have no idea of how gifted she truly is. On top of that,  the principal of Matilda's school cannot stand her. She is very hateful and  grim toward all of the children in the school. She also dislikes any bright  colors or signs of happiness. Her teacher, however, is very insightful and  caring. She is very fond of Matilda. In the end, Matilda is adopted by her  teacher. They live happily ever after. This is a wonderful book for the  primary age. It really holds the reader's attention. Also, children can  relate to this book on a personal level. There are many different themes,  which teachers can use to develop meaningful lessons for their students. It  deals with family life and school life. It deals with social issues, along  with personal issues. However, Dahl makes this book fun by giving Madeline  these special powers. The book ends on a very happy note. I would recommend  this book to anyone. It is a great book for adults to read, also. It really  brought out the kid in me! Read it!
B000002TYK|5.0|Although a great deal of &quot;critics&quot; have been saying that &quot;There Is Nothing Left to Lose&quot; is by far the best effort put forth yet by the Foos, I must digress.  To this day the Foos first effort  (or should I say D. Grohl's first solo effort?) is still one of my top 5 of  all time.  So much bottled anger/frustration/love/regret has never been  thrust down the public's throat with more honesty than these men have  offered us.  This album is nothing short of astounding in that it  encapsules almost everything that a person is capable of feeling in his/her  lifetime.  Let it never be forgotten where the Foos began from... not  through a back door titled &quot;Nirvana&quot; but from the formation of 7  amazing and remarkable men over the past 5 years and all that they have  strived to produce for the sake of rock n' roll.
0345409671|5.0|I have read all of the vampire chronicles. This one was the best one by  far. You take a trip through time, geography, and religon. It all starts at  the creation of the earth. Eventually he takes a tour through heaven and  hell. He gets to meet God, and has to choose whom he wants to serve. The  events leading upto and after he makes his choice are awesome. I was  shocked at the end. This is a definate must read.....
158234082X|4.0|Bourdain is an entertaining and unflinchingly honest writer, and &quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot; is a fun romp through all the dank corners and back alleys of the restaurant industry. Enlightening, if sometimes  disgusting. One fault: The book is rather indifferently copyedited, and  grammatical errors and typos scurry around the pages like rats in a  basement. But if that doesn't bother you, happy reading!
0451450523|5.0|I grew up watching this movie. This was one of my favorite cartoon movie when I was younger.  It was such a well made movie. I thought that the voice of the Unicorn (Mia Farrow) was ever so enchanting for an immortal creature. I had tried over the years to find the movie, but couldn't find it. It had been out of print for quite some time. Well thanks for time and a little bit later I finally did get to buy the movie. The next thing I wanted to do was to find the novel and read it. I had wondered if the novel had the same power as the movie had. I was so happy to find out that it did. I was so happy to find out that the guy who wrote the screenplay for the movie was also the writer of the novel... Peter S. Beagle. I have read a few of his works since then and have been impressed... He is a great author. In a biography of himself he had said, that &quot;The Last Unicorn&quot; was the only novel that anyone ever identifies him with. If I were him, I would feel honored to have such a beautiful story to be remembered by.
B00003Q43A|4.0|I bought this movie because Fox seems to put out excellent DVD's.  The Abyss, Fight Club, Aliens - all great Special Editions with extras.  The same is true of Independence Day.  Disc 1 has the theatrical version as  well as the Special Edition.  Disc 2 is just full of Extra Features.   Documentaries &amp; Behind the Scenes Footage are all over the place. There  is also an alternate ending.  I'm sure most people have seen the movie -  but just in case here's the quick lowdown.  Alien battleships strategically  position themselves around the world.  They eventually attack earth &amp;  of course USA leads the world in a counter-attack.  Great Special Effects  &amp; CGI throughout the movie.  Great performances by Jeff Goldblum, Bill  Pullman, Will Smith, Randy Quaid, Robert Loggia, Judd Hirsch and many more.   <br />This is one of those DVD's that is actually worth buying.  Movie gets a  4 - DVD deserves a 5.  Way to go again Fox!
B000002G7G|5.0|... but needs to be said. NPR's &quot;All Things Considered&quot; (I think) did several pieces on the most important songs of the 20th century last year. One of those was on &quot;What Goes On&quot; from this  recording. The reviewer said, as I remember, &quot;The band finds the point  at which the room itself begins to resonate, and stays there.&quot; That  sums up the Velvet Underground for me - they make the air shake. Please get  this (or &quot;White Light/White Heat&quot;, or &quot;VU and Nico&quot;) if  you haven't already.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Everyone had a &quot;Tapestry&quot; album in the early 70's.Almost all the songs were played on the radio.If it wasen't Carole singing one of them ,it was  James Taylor or  Aretha Franklin,who had huge hits.I love Carole's  voice,its so layed back and natural.I remember hearing&quot;Its Too  Late,&quot; played over and over again on the radio when I was in school.I  fell in love with it.When you think about it,there's not much production on  this record.Its just piano,bass,and drums.The main thing is the words and  music from one of the greatest songwriters ever.&quot;So Far Away&quot;is  another favorite.Carole goes from Ballads,to rock and roll with &quot;I  fill the Earth Move.&quot; I bought alot of Carole King  records after  &quot;Tapestry.&quot; I've enjoyed all of them,but this one will be played  forever in everyone's CD players.
6300183211|5.0|This movie has all the things you could want from a gangster flick. This movie is intense and very explcit, look who wrote Oliver Stone. The acting is one of the best performances Al Pacino has ever done. If You don't like  long crime dramas you like this it's fast past and very interesting.
6300263673|5.0|Everybody's hero is called 'Baby' in this movie.  People who try to make themselves into heroes by clinging to a system which attempts to demonstrate that it has values like the Kellermans, who are constantly  trying to control the situation here, end up being like &quot;the big  creep&quot; when they have to fire people who have emotional outbursts  about this kind of thing.  Curiously, as I remember this movie, there is a  doctor who says, &quot;When I'm wrong, I say I'm wrong.&quot;  This must be  pure fantasy.
6305399212|2.0|Almost everybody I know who's seen this movie loved it. But I have to be honest...this movie is so totally boring, I almost fell asleep when I saw it. And what's the point with letting this movie last for 2 1/2 hours. What  a total waste of time. I haven't seen the first one, but the third wasn't  so bad. The only thing which is keeping me from rating this movie 1 star,  is the killing of Bishop (Lance Henriksen).
0767903854|5.0|I met Bil Bryson today at a book signing in my home town of Perth, Western  Australia. I am happy to say he is exactly as I imagined him to be, jolly,  big and self effacing. I have just finished his book about us here in  Australia, and although sometimes the truth hurts, he puts it in such a  kind way that you can't help but laugh at youselves. He captures the  Australian people's way of life perfectly, describes the land exactly the  way it is, and has really done his homework regarding local politics etc.  What with him and Dame Edna, people from far and wide will be flocking to  the land down under. That's if Mr Bryson hasn't frightened them all off  with his descriptions of all our fearsome creatures, snakes and  creepy-crawlies. A funny, funny read that will make you laugh out loud.
6302561868|3.0|This doesn't get so boring as &quot;Aliens&quot;, so it's actually fun to watch. And I really liked the return of Bishop (even if this wasn't the &quot;Real one&quot;). Some of the death scenes were great, and it also  gave me a few good scares. I could write a lot more about this movie, but  it's not so much more to say. It's a standard movie about evil Aliens, and  mankind's attempt to save themselves and our planet.
0446310786|5.0|This is a coming of age novel, which means that characters in the novel either mature or become aware of something they never knew before.  This story tells the adventure of two lovable children named Scout and Jem and their many 'adventures.'  As they grow older, a matter of a few years, they  become aware of many prejudices and that their world is not perfect.  They  go through a trial for rape and assault, because their father Atticus is a  lawyer defending the man on trial.  They also experience a mean old lady,  gossip, attempted murder, and a house burning down.  The events in the book  are far too long to get into detail about.  Pick yourself up a copy and see  that this book is great!
B00000FCBC|5.0|Garage Inc is a good album. For Metallica, it's a great tribute to many of their influences. To the reader of this review, all I have to say to you is that you should buy this or if you're too cheap then just burn it from  someone who already has it because Garage Inc will give you a sense of all  of the different rock flavors in Metallica's music, old and new.
0790736314|4.0|When I first saw this movie, it was a little boring at the beginning maybe because I didn't understand.From the middle of the movie on, WOW! That movie just made the hair on my arm just stand up in mid air. Speaking of  mid air, the scene in which Regan's bed is in mid air is just so creepy and  the technology was so ahead of it's time that no words can describe it  except CREEPY!
B000006TRV|3.0|Rock operas are generally pretentious affairs, and Pink Floyd's hugely popular &quot;The Wall&quot; is no exception.  A handful of standout songs are loosely cobbled together with a stretches of forgettable filler.  The  story --- such as it is --- is narcissistic and depressing, and it's best  not to take it too seriously.<br />Having said all that --- which will earn me  the wrath of the Wall's many devoted fans --- I must concede that the  classic tracks (Comfortably Numb, Hey You, Run Like Hell, Another Brick in  the Wall Part 2, Young Lust) are worth the purchase price of the 2-disc  set.<br />I bought this album when it was released in 1979, and was  disappointed in it then.  Over the years I have listened to it on and off  and it has improved with age; however for me it simply doesn't sustain the  quality level that its legions of fans find in it.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Fantastic. A must have for very maidn fan. The Nomad is one of the best IRON MAIDEN songs ever. A new classic. If you likem, dont exitate. Buy it now.
6305903182|5.0|I loved Scream 3! The conclusion to a very clever horror flick is outstanding. Rent it people, rent it!
6305892946|5.0|I liked Scream, 3 well it was scary some, parts had lots of, volience. Well, what's, weird is you don't, know who the killer is 'til the end. Good movie, enjoy!
B000002HPV|4.0|Beautiful moments of inspiration frequently break through the ominous, overcast skies of Bjork's latest album, to the point where I disagree with the Amazon.com reviewer that any part of the album is  &quot;unlistenable&quot; because of its mood. The minimalist techno beats  that prevail in the background on all of these songs do get old on a couple  of tracks, but I think the rest of the CD is incredible...many songs about  different feelings brought out by love. My favorite songs in this vein are  &quot;Joga,&quot; &quot;Unravel,&quot; and &quot;All Neon Like,&quot;  bittersweet but wholly satisfying reflections on angst, separation, and  healing a lover in pain. They leave you with the impression that there's a  world of mystery and confusion that love invites. Bjork's lyrics are often  rife with symbolism and it's nice to just sit back and think about the  music as it takes you places.
B00004T9UF|5.0|when I bought the album I didnt expect it to be that good. I thought it couldnt reach the high level of the &quot;THE SLIM SHADY LP&quot; but it exceeded it. A must-buy for all eminem fans!
6305903182|3.0|The words of Sidney Prescott's mom ring throughout this, the final chapter in the Scream Trilogy.  Her spectre provides a creepy visage previously missing from the series.  This is not to say it is altogether congruent  with the rest of the tale.  Scream was never about ghosts.  Maureen  Prescott's appearrance in the final chapter should have been limited to  video footage if new screenwriter wanted it to make perfect sense.   Otherwise, the movie is a serviceable, if not altogether surprising end to  the story.  There are several thrilling scenes excellently executed through  Craven's direction, but there is a lot more down time in Scream 3 than you  would expect in a movie of its kind.  The cast, except a remarkably  well-cast Patrick Dempsy, acts like they are sleepwalking through the  movie.  Lance Henriksen was a terrible choice for a movie executive.  I  just can't see Frank Black falling prey to a whiney punk of a killer.  And  what in the heck does Sidney Prescott's dad do that he can't hang around to  see if his frequently stalked daughter is alright, anyway?  Krugher does  his best, but he is not Williamson, and it shows.  Craven should not have  made this movie without him.<br />Another bone of contention is with the DVD  packaging and advertising proclaiming that this movie has an additional  commentary track with Wes and the Production team, along with Cast &amp;  Crew bios and the Creed music video.  Nothing doing.  They have alternate  takes, deleted scenes and a montage of the making of the series (the former  two with commentary), but that is it.  Then again, mine could be an error.   That would be cool, so long as I can buy a copy with Commentary.
B000023X9W|5.0|I have loved Neil Young since the mid 70s, when the music first started to filter down to me from older brothers and sisters. My first impression on hearing this album was that Neil wasn't trying very hard. The songs were  very simple, the rhymes frequently too easy, and some of the songs seemed  hokey compared to the raw, powerful stuff I know he can write.<br />As I kept  listening, though, I started to feel more like the songs were simple in a  pure way. What had seemed &quot;hokey&quot; now strikes me as very  personal. I particularly like &quot;Razor Love.&quot;<br />If you only have a  passing interest in Neil Young based on the recent grunge fascination with  him, this might not be for you. If, however, you appreciate everything he's  capable of, you will learn to love this when you slow down enough to really  hear it. It's pure Neil--the opening to Distant Camera could just as easily  lead into &quot;Old Man.&quot; If this were the only album he'd ever put  out, I might not like it so much, but in the context of everything he's  done and who he is, I'm loving it now.
B000002LA2|1.0|I don't mind Clapton making a pop record and I don't necessarily mind 80's pop (hey, I liked the Pet Shop Boys), but this is just terrible.  Clapton is great, but you'd never guess from listening to this trainwreck of an  album.<br />I can only stand three of the songs, &quot;Holy Mother&quot;,  &quot;Behind The Mask&quot; and the duet with Tina Turner.  I'm not sure if  these songs are actually good or if they only seem good because everything  else may be the worst music ever committed to tape by a major artist.  The  scary thing is I've heard that &quot;Pilgrim&quot; is even worse.<br />Please  forget about this one.  Go buy &quot;Layla&quot; or &quot;461 Ocean  Boulevard&quot; instead.  Or maybe something by the Pet Shop Boys.
B00004STJD|5.0|This French film invites you in with its intriguing premise, then butters you up with sardonic wit.  Don't let its brevity (under an hour and half) or its 'simplicity' fool you...the screenplay has real bite.<br />What is  the Dinner Game, you ask?  Well, imagine that you had to find the biggest  idiot you know and invite them to dinner along with all the other idiots  your friends had gathered.  These unwitting idiots would then become fodder  for your arrogance as you chose who, indeed, was the most idiotic of  all.<br />Now, turn the tables on that dinner game, and imagine that you were  the invited 'guest.'  What an honor, oh my!<br />As you watch this film you  may see yourself in both the arrogant and the fools, but you will not be  disappointed by the realizations that come to each character's mind.  Lessons are learned, the depth of idiocy is explored, and the cruel fruits  of the proud intelligensia are served up for all to indulge.<br />Go ahead,  laugh and cringe, but don't forget to ask yourself which side of the game  you'd be on.  &quot;Who's for dinner?&quot;  Is the question for you to ask  or to answer?<br />Only the French could come up with such simply eloquent  cuisine!
B000002LJW|3.0|But that's not saying too much.  I liked this alot when it first came out, but it has not aged terribly well.  Most of this is just a little too slick and ready made for FM radio (e.g., &quot;Pretending&quot;, &quot;Bad  Love&quot;).  It's still a heckuva lot better than &quot;Behind The  Sun&quot; and the execrable &quot;August&quot;.<br />The biggest problem is  that it suffers from cd-itis (the tendancy to pack way too many mediocre  tracks onto an album just because they fit onto the cd).  Several of the  these songs should have been left on the cutting room floor or tacked onto  the end and marked as bonus tracks.<br />Still, there are enough good tracks  to recommend this one, particularly &quot;Before You Accuse Me&quot;,  &quot;Running On Faith&quot; and &quot;Lead Me On&quot;.  It just doesn't  make its way into my player very often, unlike, say, &quot;461 Ocean  Boulevard&quot;. . .
B00001NFCY|5.0|You can't go wrong with Creed. After loving the first album, I couldn't wait for the second to come out, too. &quot;Human Clay&quot; was well worth the wait! Unlike many bands, the singles released on the radio are not the  only good songs on the album. Creed has packed this CD with intensity and  passion in each song. &quot;With arms wide open&quot; is a true winner and  my personal favorite on the album. What an amazing CD - a must have for any  Creed or hard alternative rock fans.
0679731725|4.0|The language in this novel is fairly difficult, intentionally so, given  that the story is narrated by a proper English butler. All the same, the  style made the book difficult to plough through at times. The patient  reader will, however, be rewarded for his or her efforts. This is an  intersting story. Even though the book is short in length, it has few  characters which allows for strong character development. The novel is more  about psychological revelation than it is about action and plot. The end of  the novel is very rich and provocative. Everytime I read it, I come up with  a new interpretation. I would recommend this book only to those readers who  are willing to endure some difficult and tedious chapters for a rewarding  and thought-provoking finish.
B000021XR5|4.0|I have never been a true STP fan. In fact, this is my first STP album, and I have to say that I am impressed. The driving beats and amazing lyrics make for an awesome album. Each song has meaning and is different from the  others, which is very difficult to find in this era of music. Take it from  me, you will like this album. It's not the most played of all my CD's, but  will remain in the collection for a long while!
B000007QQQ|5.0|Q magazine called it one of the dozen essential folk records of all time. I really don't find this album that easy to categorise. The songs vary from the folkish sounding JUST NOW, to the jazzy John Martyn signature HEAD AND  HEART. What comes through from the album as a whole,however, is  spontaneity. There is an underlying simplicity in each tune, and every song  sounds as if composed on the spot, on impulse. The arrangements are basic,  and sparse - just accoustic guitars, bass and drums on most of the songs.  This is not to overlook the fact that the people playing with John Martyn  on this album are luminaries in their own right - Richard Thomson, Danny  Thomson et al. Do not be fooled by the apparent simplicity of these  wonderful songs, they deserve repeated listening. The high point of this  album is the instrumental GLISTENING GLYNDEBOURNE, which has terrific work  on bass and the first display of the famous echoplex technique on guitar  which Martyn takes to greater heights on &quot;RATHER BE THE DEVIL&quot; on  his SOLID AIR album. Get hold of this CD if you want to spend a half hour  listening to soothing, genle songs sung by a vocalist of unparalleled  ability.
B000002KIC|5.0|Fantastic performance of The Band, Great folks playing with them. It took place in Winterland (San Francisco), the Thanksgiving day of 1976 and there's a movie of the celebration too. I recommend the film too.
B00003Q08R|5.0|McCartney II is a wonderful showcase for Paul's songwriting and musicianship. The album features some beautiful, wistful melodies (&quot;Summer's Day Song,&quot; &quot;One of These Days&quot;) that can  stand alongside any Paul's ever written. And for those who appreciate the  style and humor of &quot;Back in the U.S.S.R.&quot; or &quot;Lovely  Rita,&quot; there are little rockers (&quot;Temporary Secretary,&quot;  &quot;Nobody Knows,&quot;) guaranteed to raise a smile. A home recording,  like his first solo effort, McCartney II is the embodiment of simple,  effective arrangements. Not only despite, but because of, its minimal  production, McCartney II stands as one of Paul's finest albums.
B000002N2Z|5.0|I just got the album a week ago. It is one of the if not the best albums I have ever heard. I would suggest this album to ANYONE. The best tracks are Bored, One Weak, and Minus Blindfold.
B00004THAY|5.0|I'm a bit dismayed when I see several people who reviewed this album had a problem with this being collaboration. Did they expect Clapton to play only his sound and King to stay true to the Blues?  These artists compliment one  another and they produce an energizing sound that will keep your feet  tapping and your voice box humming.<br />These to legendary veterans of  music put together on great \\"jam session\\" on a CD.  The title track to the  album is one of the better songs on the album, even though several of the  other 11 songs push their way into claiming to be the best song.<br />`When My  Heart Beats Like A Hammer' is one of the more melodic songs on the album  and the rest of the songs have a place on the album, each adding a unique  style and sound to the collaboration.
B000003TA4|5.0|one of the main reasons that Nirvana was a great band is because they didn't try to be the same as any other band. Instead they made their own kind of music and didn't care what anyone said about it. Nevermind is a  great album with quality songs that actually have a meaning. If you like  Nevermind a highly suggest you get their other albums like in utero or  bleach which are both amazing
B000002V07|5.0|all time favorite shagging classic-it reminds me of lovers long gone...i think back to a chilly hotel room in thailand, and the girl of my dreams lying on the bed after making love to this album, telling me it could only  be physical...that bittersweet heartache is forever associated with the  slow, beautiful music of this album.
6305903182|2.0|The style of Scream 3 is similar to the other two movies in that there are some incredibly helpless victims and a seemingly superhuman killer. The killer is everywhere, seemingly able to move faster than the speed of light  and the victims seem to be magnetically drawn to their demises by the sheer  stupidity of their actions.(Got that) In other words the killings seem more  than ever to be written to occur at a certain time instead of being in any  way a surprise.(The killings are very predictable) The standard  &quot;Scream&quot; plot twists are thrown at you like eggs on Halloween  night.(If you are into that sort of mischief) The confusion mounts as many  details are brought to the surface that in the other movies were never  mentioned. The ending is a total surprise and seems to come waaaaaay out of  left field. I thought the whole way the trilogy of &quot;Scream&quot; came  to an end seemed like it was made up during the later stages of the making  of &quot;Scream 3&quot;. It's one thing to have a surprise ending and its  another thing to just make one up that sounds surprising because it has  nothing to do with what actually happened previously. You be the judge of  whether the way &quot;Scream 3&quot; ended is B.S or a well planned and  thought out ending to a trilogy. I think the ending was no more than B.S  because there is no evidence to prove otherwise.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I was not a HUGE Chili Peppers fan prior to purchasing the CD, but I did like their music.  After one listen through, this might have been the best CD I have ever listened too.  Four of the first five tracks are filled with  energy and there isn't a bad track here.
B00004SCX6|5.0|If you are a fan of pop music, then this album is 4 U! Eveybody who disses this album probably have never heard it and are just out to get Britney because they aren't into pop. They just leave a on-star review because for  some reason they are really insecure and have to trash her to fell better.  If anyone who likes pop would listen to this CD, they would agree that it  rules. It has not so many ballads, and great dance tunes. Can't wait for  her next single.
0451160916|5.0|I couldn't put this book down until I got to the last page. A fantastic  read. This is Stephen King's best
B00004SCX6|5.0|When I first heard snippets of this cd, I knew it would be great. And it is much better than I hoped. It succeeds in every place her debut cd was lacking. The cool dance beats make it a good party cd. And songs like What  U see, Lucky, and stronger are sure to keep the album hot. Her new single  for Lucky is coming out and I love that song! And don't forget the cool  title tune of course. This is definitely a must buy for anyone and everone.
1573226521|4.0|I wouldn't exactly say that Garland's writing style is 'beautiful,' but it  is definitely intriguing. The Beach is not a joyful read by any means --  the graphic scenes throughout the book can almost force the reader to  abandon the novel at least an hour before eating. Be ready to say hello to  Lord of the Flies meets Heart of Darkness (aka Apocalypse Now); as long as  you don't expect to read a word-for-word adaptation of Leonardo DiCaprio's  take on the book, you're in for a good read. Not a new story, just a  different -- if even more graphic -- look at it.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Whew! Oops hasn't left my Discman for the 2 months it has been out. It is that good. Even my friends who don't usually listen to Britney couldn't deny that the cd was good. Anybody who really hates Britney should listen  to the songs before leaving a bad review. Then their opinion would actaully  be valid. But i seriously doubt anyone wouldn't like this music. From the  upbeat OIDIA to Lucky to DLMBTLTK to Can't Make You Love Me, all the songs  are different but great. Her vocals have improved, and like some guy said  earlier, she IS the voice of our generation!
0316743003|5.0|I bought this book for my husband who is an avid fan of aeronautics. Then  I picked it up out of boredom one day and could not put it down.  The  enormous effect of technology on the world is revealed in Skunk Works and  is quite impressive.  Even if you're not interested in aeronautics the  history of the US that is revealed in this book is very interesting as are  the ideas presented about the future of the country.  Future managers will  also learn a lesson, or two, here.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Wow. At first I waited a while to buy the CD, but eventually I decided to cause I heard it was good. It is absolutely amazing! I wasn't the biggest Britney fan before I heard this, but after hearing this I am. Oops is a  classic of course, and the other songs that will be sure to heat up the  charts will be Lucky, Stronger,, What U See is What U Get, and Can't Make U  Love Me. Every songs is great, I mean it. There are sweet ballads, power  ballads, Catchy pop tunes, and tunes with a rock edge. No, not evey song is  the same like some people say. They are all uniquelly great. Go Brit!
0451167716|5.0|What a brilliant book! Puzo is a great story-teller (although it is  probably based on fact). This is a very long book but it gets you in the  story straight away and you can't put it down. <br />The Don, Sonny, Michael  Corleone &amp; the rest of the Family make compelling reading - this book  has something for everyone who enjoys crime fiction and you know that this  what NY would have been like in the 30's-60's. I am sure that the character  Johnny Fontane was based on Frank Sinatra.<br />Although I am Italian, I never  really got interested in the Mafia, until The Sopranos. This books has made  me rent the trilogy video as well as get other books from Puzo.<br />A must  read!
B00004SCX6|5.0|When I first heard snippets of this cd, I knew it would be great. And it is much better than I hoped. It succeeds in every place her debut cd was lacking. The cool dance beats make it a good party cd. And songs like What  U see, Lucky, and stronger are sure to keep the album hot. Her new single  for Lucky is coming out and I love that song! And don't forget the cool  title tune of course. This is definitely a must buy for anyone and everone.
B000000WCA|5.0|I love this CD!  I love the Spice Girls!  A lot of my friends think that they are stupid but they have it all wrong.  They are the best group out of all of the groups!  The CD has some really great tunes on it.  All of the  songs are great.  At first I didn't like it but then I listened more and  more and now I have almost all of their singles and write a Spice Girls  &amp; Geri Halliwell Newsletter!  I also have a scrapbook with over 300  items in it.  This is a must-have CD! I collect anything and everything  spice!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I was one of the many losers who wasn't able to get tickets to see this show, so I waited on pins and needles for its release on DVD and let me tell you - you will NOT be disappointed. As any true Metallica fan knows,  seeing a live show is equal to a religious experience and this disc proves,  without a shadow of a doubt, that Metallica can rock in even the most  unexpected of circumstances (headlining a symphony?). You've all heard the  CD, but watching the performance brings it into a new light. Not only is  the sound great and the visuals superior (the picture on this DVD is one of  the clearest I've ever seen), it is fun to see the crowd scenes. From the  protesters outside, to the symphony fans rolling their eyes at the t-shirt  clad youth surrounding them, to the tattoo covered shirtless man in the  audience, singing along and cheering with the best of them, the crowd is  definitely worth seeing. One of the highlights of the show is during  &quot;Memory Remains&quot;, when the audience fills in for Marrianne  Faithful, never missing a beat.    This disc is 2.5 hours of pure  adrenaline, guaranteed to please. Invite some friends over and have a night  of &quot;culture&quot;.
6305263248|5.0|What a fantastic movie.  It's good to see a film where you actually have to think about what's going on.  And what about those car chases? I have to say they are probably the best one's I've ever seen.  Overall,  Great  actors, great plot, great movie!
B000001Y42|4.0|I am a fan of Limp Bizkit, and after having bought SIGNIFICANT OTHER, I was impressed with the bands ability to write good songs and make good, hard sounds and lyrics. So I decided to buy the album that made them  famous. When I first got it, I listended to songs number 2,3,4 and enjoyed  them very much. Then I listened to songs 5 and 6 and thought that they were  okay. . .but then I listened to the other songs and most of them were pure  rap (With the exception of &quot;FAITH&quot; and &quot;LEECH&quot;). Song  number 13, the last song is a thirteen minute waste of life, that is so  overwhelmingly slow and boring that it was obviously used just to fill time  on the album. But none the less this was a GREAT CD! Out of 13 songs, I  think that about 7 or 8 songs are definitely worth listening to. As for the  question of &quot;is it worth it to spend the money?&quot; Absolutely... if  you're a metal fan, rap fan, or both.
B00004U2G4|3.0|Jeff Beck's debut album can either be considered a success or a mess. Sucessful for documenting the early genius of the guitarist, and the dynamic interplay between his early period Jeff Beck Group. Messy, when put up to the standards of albums as \\"albums\\" rather than singles collections, as this one sounds to be. Starting with Jeff's old Yardbirds staple, \\"Shapes of Things\\" rocks in a way few other heavy bands could at this time. The solo is startlingly good, and Stewarts voice compliments the song better than Keith Relf's ever did. Many of the other songs are hard blues covers in this vein, but are very competent when given the Beck/Stewart treatment. \\"Morning Dew\\" is well done, dispite being covered by everyone from Greatful Dead and Deep Purple to the Allman Brothers Band. \\"You Shook Me\\" was done by Zeppelin on their debut, and this one stands above theirs. \\"I Ain't Superstitious\\" stands as one of Jeff's best displays on the album, with his entertaining wah-infused leads. The rythym section also kicks on this song, and Mick Waller adds an impressive jazzy cadenza. The Jimmy Page penned \\"Beck's Bolero\\" is great, but was recorded during a different session, with members of Led Zeppelin and the Who, but lacks some of the fire that would be indicative of these bands at their peak. The cheif missteps are, however, \\"Ol' Man River\\" and \\"Greensleves\\", nestled in the middle of the album. The first isn't that bad, if you get over the cheese factor, which is improbable. \\"Greensleeves\\" is strictly gratuitous, and hopefully was only included when someone commented that Beck had included no slow songs. He would later revolutionize instrumental guitar balladry, but at this date, he was still primarily a blues-rocker. Overall, \\"Truth\\" is a very entertaining debut from the world's greatest rock guitarist.
0345363132|5.0|I have read every book I could locate about Richard III. I even wrote my  Englih paper in college about him. But I have never owned so many copies of  the same book. This book is so enthralling, I have gone through four  paperback copies. Once read, you can not help but read it again and  again,finding some thing new each time.You can't help but feel the emotions  of the characters in this book. MS Penman writes so that you are  there,eating,drinking,fighting and living life during this incredible time  in English hitory.Her explanations for the disapperance of the Princes is  more beleivable then any Tudor historian, it makes sense.And ,for her  explanations of Richards &quot;character flaws&quot;,it shows a man too  sensitive for his loves, lossess, and Kingship.It is that sensitivity that  makes it impossible to believe he would put two innocent boys to death. I  was so glad to read a possitive perspective on Richard's life. This book is  as interesting as it addictive. Right on the level with Ms.Penman's  Trilogy,Here Be Dragons.
B000003BD3|5.0|The concept for the Rock and Roll Circus was a brilliant one.  Take England's greatest rock bands, add a circus side act, and videotape the whole thing for mass consumption.  However, the Rolling Stones were unhappy  with their performance, the affair dragged on forever, and no one wanted  anything to do with it upon completion.  These facts, however, should not  interfere with enjoying the album.  Listening to it creates a unified  experience, almost as if the performance was meant to unfold as it is  presented.  Introductions and circus music may lie between the songs, but  they only heighten the playful mood.  Jethro Tull gives a fantastic first  song, and would be a highlight if the album weren't so frightfully strong.  The Who's performance of &quot;A Quick One&quot; rips the album version to  shreads, making the album it an almost entirely purchase worthwhile for Who  fans, except for the fact that it is also on the Who's own live compilation  &quot;The Kid's are Alright&quot;.  Taj Mahal, the only American act, gives  a killer, soulful performance, which leads into... Marianne Faithfull.  &quot;Something Better&quot; is a beautiful song, and is well orchestrated,  but poor Marianne was too nervous to give a captivating performance, like  the other groups.  It, however, is very listenable, and pleasant, and is  only considered a weakness in such strong company.  &quot;Yer Blues&quot;  is one of the Beatles most raw and soulful tracks, therefore it is fitting  that John Lennon perform this one with his one-shot loud blues act, the  Dirty Mac.  Even &quot;Whole Lotta Yoko&quot; is interesting, with  violinist Ivry Gitlis, and Yoko does not detract from the song's energy.  The Stones have six songs, and they vary in quality of execution.  &quot;Jumping Jack Flash&quot; is a promising and dynamic opening, but the  slower, bluesy &quot;Parachute Woman&quot; is lesser.  &quot;No  Expectations&quot; is fantastic, and serves as a beautiful but unfourtunate  farewell letter to the soon departed Brian Jones.  &quot;You Can't Always  Get What You Want&quot; is another highlight, without the cheesy choir that  sours the album version recorded the following year.  &quot;Sympathy for  the Devil&quot; is charming, but over-long and indifferently excuted.  &quot;Salt of the Earth&quot; is good, dispite Keith Richard's strained  vocal.  Overall, the Rolling Stones Rock and Roll circus is an excellent  experiment in theory and goes over well as an album.ll letter to the soon departed Brian Jones.  &quot;You Can't Always  Get What You Want&quot; is another highlight, without the cheesy choir that  sours the album version recorded the following year.  &quot;Sympathy for  the Devil&quot; is charming, but over-long and indifferently excuted.   &quot;Salt of the Earth&quot; is good, dispite Keith Richard's strained  vocal.  Overall, the Rolling Stones Rock and Roll circus is an excellent  experiment in theory and goes over well as an album.
0688171664|5.0|Robert Pirsig's incredible tour-de-force in this book is literally the  intellectual adventure of a lifetime, and one that still leaves me shaking  my head in wonder after thirty years and a number of readings of it. I was  introduced to \\"Zen\\" by my brother in law, who promised me that I would  enjoy it. By now I must admit to now having several short quotes from it  framed under glass at various spots in the house, because I was so taken by  the gravity of what he has to say, and the disarmingly simple way he  usually chooses to say it. Pirsig is a man with a lot to say, and a lot of  wisdom in what he has to offer.<br />Although I must admit that I do not agree  with certain key aspects of his argument regarding the way the ancient  bifurcation between what he calls romantic and classic perceptive  orientations can at last be repaired and restored to cognitive and  intellectual unity, I stand in utter awe at the quality of mind any human  being must have to marshal such a breath-taking effort as this, at the  accomplishment of conceiving and articulating the philosophical treatise  described in such loving and painstaking detail here. His grasp of such  eclectic, obscure and philosophically central notions truly is a feat quite  the equal of the ascent of Everest in terms of the levels of concentration,  mental endurance, and simple cognitive acumen necessary to muster this kind  of argument.<br />The book works on two levels that both assist and  complement each other. First, the story narrative, which he uses both to  illustrate ideas he is talking about and to introduce ideas he wants to  discuss, also acts to bring us back to &quot;normal everyday reality' after  spinning high in the thin cold air of his theorizing. Second, the  philosophical story becomes a kind of sophisticated detective story for  curious intellectuals, as Pirsig's alter ego, Phaedrus, searches deeper and  deeper into the mysteries that once led him into insanity because of the  sheer intensity of his efforts to solve the riddle of the difference  between the two seemingly irreconcilable aspects of reality (the romantic  and the classic).<br />The book is an awe-inspiring trip into a discovery of  the nature of reality, contemporary society, and yourself. It has led to  study groups, study guides, and a whole cult of Pirsig watchers who  consider him the functional equivalent of the wise seer. The wildly  best-selling book also led Pirsig deeper into a life of isolation,  eschewing publicity and seeking greater introspection. There is a sequel,  called &quot;Lila&quot;, which also enjoyed a best-selling run on the  charts in the early 1990s. This is a book that is quite unlike anything  else you have ever read, and is something you have to experience to  understand in its full impact. It is also a book I can recommend with a  smile, knowing with confidence you will be glad you finally decided to buy  it and read it. Enjoy!nsity of his efforts to solve the riddle of the difference  between the two seemingly irreconcilable aspects of reality (the romantic  and the classic).<br />The book is an awe-inspiring trip into a discovery of  the nature of reality, contemporary society, and yourself. It has led to  study groups, study guides, and a whole cult of Pirsig watchers who  consider him the functional equivalent of the wise seer. The wildly  best-selling book also led Pirsig deeper into a life of isolation,  eschewing publicity and seeking greater introspection. There is a sequel,  called &quot;Lila&quot;, which also enjoyed a best-selling run on the  charts in the early 1990s. This is a book that is quite unlike anything  else you have ever read, and is something you have to experience to  understand in its full impact. It is also a book I can recommend with a  smile, knowing with confidence you will be glad you finally decided to buy  it and read it. Enjoy!
B0000029LG|4.0|Michael is the king of pop, the is no denying that. However, he needs to go back to what he does best and what gained him his success, danceable, user-friendly pop music. The first disc is great, everyone knows these  songs, the only changes I would suggest is that &quot;Smooth Criminal&quot;  be included in the place of &quot;The Girl is Mine&quot; or &quot;She's Out  Of My Life.&quot; The second disc is where it falls apart slightly,  although &quot;Scream&quot; is a great pop song, arguably the best on the  disc, the rest get a little lost in the message. All issues are covered  here, child neglect (&quot;Little Susie&quot;), eviromental problems  (&quot;Earth Song&quot;; obviously), and of course, Michael's ongoing  struggle with the &quot;filthy press&quot; (&quot;Tabloid Junkie&quot;).  Yes, I realize Michael is in to social issues, and that's cool. But there  is a saying that says &quot;Don't bite the hand that feeds you.&quot; There  is just no way to compare &quot;Earth Song&quot; with &quot;Rock With  You.&quot; Perhaps if the discs were released separately (As in two  separate jewel cases, release dates, and so on, &quot;Books 1 &amp; 2&quot;  even) the effect would not be there. Nonetheless, Michael needs to go back  to what he does best, pop music with a message, not message music with pop.
6305807086|5.0|I want to be John Malkovich
0156907399|3.0|Perhaps it's my male mind, or maybe my relative youth (junior in college),  but I really can't say I enjoyed the book much.  I do agree on one account  with the people who gave it five stars: it would take Virginia Woolf's own  words to possibly describe how beautifully written the novel is, and how  enchanting her prose is.  <br />However, that is the only reason I gave it as  many as three stars; it is just boring.  The back of the book reads  &quot;The subject of this brilliant novel is the daily life of an English  family in the Hebrides&quot;.  And, well, that really is all it's about,  and let me tell you, my daily life of lectures and math homework is about  as exciting as what happens in this book, people talk, people grow old,  time passes.  Hmmm....I can get enough of that in my daily life, thank you  very much.  Lastly, her insights into true human nature (presented in all  its actual boringness) goes well beyond any author I've ever read (and I've  read quite a lot), but it really didn't tell me anything I didn't know.   <br />To sum, if you want to read a good book to learn or appreciate HOW to  write, pick To The Lighthouse up first; if you want to read a good book to  learn or appreciate WHAT to write about, go elsewhere, anywhere else.
B00004TL21|3.0|yes, it is the deftones.  no, its not that bad.  after adrenaline, i was pumped for a new deftones cd.  when around the fur came out, i was like, &quot;what the @#$% is this garbage?&quot;  then it grew on me.  so i kind  of expected the same here with white pony.  the writing is good, the music  is good, but sounds like they tried a little too hard this time to be  different.  it really does sound like chino heard OK Computer, and said hey  lets try that.  but it sounds more like billy corgan took hormone pills b4  siamese dream.  <br />then there is that god awful song that sounds like  filter doing old ministry or some crap.  the coolest song is by far  passenger, not becasue of the tool thing, its just a good song.  it has a  certain david lynchish feel to it. i really do wish tho that they would  have thrown at least one 7 wordsish song in there somewhere. <br />anyway, i  don't mind this new sound too much.  it will grow on me i'm sure.  curious  to see if they can pull off all the moodyish type effects live.  i'm going  to see them in a few days at roseland, so we shall see.
0684800713|2.0|I was under the impression that Hemingway is considered one of the greatest writers ever? What happened? I read The Sun Also Rises and obviously did not get the point, unless the point I did get (life after WWI is pointless) just holds mystical revelations for some people that simply fail with me. The point that life is pointless is pointless for a book of 250+ pages; it could easily have been summed up in 30-40 pages in some short story and we could all go home to get on with our lives (metaphorically speaking, of course). The fact that the characters were more self-absorbed than any you'll meet on Seinfeld or Friends doesn't help (it gets his point of pointlessness across but gets old, oh, around page 15).<br />I asked a friend of mine why he loved the book so much and he couldn't really tell me (not that he didn't try, just nothing useful came out). Most of what he said watered down to the first two things he said \\"There wasn't a single word in there that didn't need to be there\\" and \\"It's about vast disillusionment following WWI\\". Hm, okay, so the guy doesn't elaborate much in detail and the book is pointless (as I've mentioned). Is that any reason to read an entire novel?
B000000993|5.0|The first time I heard TOOL was after they made their first video, &quot;Sober&quot;.  Ever since then I have been a addict, needing my daily fix.  The drums, guitar, bass, and vocals are outstanding borderline  genius, and not to mention full of deeply rooted meaning.  Yet, despite all  of this, to me the best aspect of the CD is the lyrics.  Maynard is a  superb vocalist and songwriter.  He sings with devotion, and writes from  soul, and the result is astonishing if not amazing.  I strongly recommend  the following albums as well:  &quot;Opiate&quot;, &quot;Aenema&quot;, and  &quot;Mer de Noms&quot;.  If you have not already heard or bought these  albums, please do and judge for yourself.  I'm not a musical critic, not  even a musician, just an average guy who loves TOOL.  Everyman is intitled  to his own opinion and the above is mine, straight from the heart.
B00001NFCY|2.0|Okay, these guys are capitalizing off of pearl jam. I will admit that some of the songs are pretty good. They'd be fair compared to anything off of &quot;ten&quot;, but with today's music seen, their actually pretty good.  However, these guys really need to develop their own sound. There is no  originality here at all.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|This really is a great movie.  There are a few like it but it rates right up there with Koyaanisquatsi.  The LD picture seemd better than the DVD though.  Not sure how that happened but I definitely recommend this to  everyone.
B00000AOTZ|5.0|This import from the classic cult gang movie is the best CD I have purchased all year.I am especially moved by track 8 the baseball furies chase and the warriors theme. I would have easily given $50 for this excellent soundtrack. It is rock music at it's pinnacle!  Barry de Vorzon  creates a magic no other can duplicate! Do yourself a favor and order this  gem!
B0000028RR|5.0|Whilst Rage Against the Machine's &quot;Evil Empire&quot; and &quot;The Battle of LA&quot;, lack consistency througout both albums, all the tracks on their self titled album are very good. The album is renowed for its big  hits, &quot;Killing In the Name&quot;, and &quot;Wake Up&quot;, however  songs such as &quot;Bombtrack&quot; and &quot;Know Your Enemy&quot;, also  serve to be noticed.  R.A.T.M., also relate to their ever present  hip-hop/metal theme throughout the self titled album, unlike thier latter  albums, which also dwell upon rap influences. This is definately a must, if  your into their style of music.
0790729989|1.0|I don't want to comment on the movie as such, because there are enough reviews out there - just a short comment : this film is fantastic.<br />The DVD on the other hand is awful. There are 2 things which I noticed once I  popped open the case and threw it into the player: <br />first: the movie  plays over 2 sides of the DVD. You actually have to pop the DVD out at  about 60 minutes into the movie, turn it over, and then you get to watch  the second half. I find this annoying considering that a dual layered DVD  can store 2 and more hours of video on one side...<br />second: the video  image is non-anamorphic widescreen. that's not really a bad thing  altogether, but in this case it kills all the fun you could have watching  the movie. the black letterbox bars at the top and the bottom of the image  &quot;flicker&quot; throughout the entire movie - since the format of the  visible image is 2.35:1, the black bars are rather large. The consequence  is really that the entire image seems to &quot;flicker&quot;, because the  black widescreen bars are colored different shades of black 4 times a  second. basically, the only way you'll get rid of this flickering effect is  to turn the brightness of your TV or computer monitor down. however,  considering that &quot;Seven&quot; is already a rather dark picture,  turning down the brightness results in seeing only pitch-black. the visible  image (i.e. the image &quot;between&quot; the letterbox bars) is really  great. if the picture had been mastered anamorphic, then this would be an  excellent video transfer.<br />another disappointing thing is the lack of  extra features. having seen the laserdisc &quot;criterion&quot; edition of  &quot;Seven&quot;, I find this DVD release rather insulting. The background  information on the stars does not at all compensate the lack of, say, a  commentary audio track, or some behind-the-scenes vignettes, or other  extras (the laserdisc &quot;criterion&quot; edition featured hundreds of  stillimages - like the pictures that Mills and Sommerset find along with  one of the tortured victims, and other pictures from the set).<br />I  sincerely hope that New Line will decide to release a decent DVD some time  in the future. Untill then, I suggest to keep away from this DVD - the most  important argument being the poor video mastering (i.e. the flickering of  the widescreen bars).
0800135954|5.0|This film is so large, sweeping and powerful, that it defies a definitive review. The acting is wonderful--Brad Pitt's best work by far. Anthony Hopkins is a master performer as the tough father of boys who could not be  more different. Julia Ormand is poignant as the ill-fated Susannah, and  Henry Thomas comes a long way from his &quot;ET&quot; days. But other than  the performance by Hopkins (who can not be upstaged by any actor), this is  Brad Pitt's film. I was reminded of  Hopkins and Pitts' teaming in  &quot;Meet Joe Black&quot;. That film and &quot;Legends&quot; both run  quite long, but while that one became almost intolerably stretched out,  this one will never make you worry about how much longer it's going to run.  The scenery is magnificent, the narration by the old Indian is  appropriately done, and the music swells to match the high country  mountains of the American west. By film's end, you will feel as though  you've been on an emotional roller coaster, and appreciate a story well  told. Even if one is not a Brad Pitt fan, they will be moved by his--and  all the performances. There is considerable violence in the end, but one  will not soon forget the wild and haunting Tristan (Pitt), of whom it was  well said: &quot;...he is the rock against whom all shatter&quot;. This is  a great film!
B00004RF8J|5.0|&quot;Little Shop of Horrors&quot; is a movie like no other. You're slyly drawn in by a cute little musical that progressivley gets more and more &quot;weiEIeiEIerrRRrd&quot; (to quote Wink the radio guy, played by John  Candy.)<br />Candy, Jim Belushi, Steve Martin and Christopher Guest show up  here to add their talents to  outstanding performances by Rick Moranis and  Ellen Greene.<br />The music is great! I'm not a huge fan of 50's and 60's  style do-wop stuff, but if your feet can stay still during the tunes in  this show, forget it--you're dead already and it doesn't matter. <br />The  arrangements are excellent. The Greek Chorus Girls add style, panache and  polish as well as harmony.<br />One of my favorite things about this film is  finding someone who hasn't seen it yet and sharing it with them. They  always say, &quot;When was this made? How could I not hear about this  movie? It's great!&quot;<br />The DVD version is excellent. I've owned the VHS  for years, but the DVD sound and picture are far superior. The documentary  on the making of the film is a nice extra and makes you appreciate what you  see that much more.<br />My confession? I've probably watched this movie  thirty or more times. If you ask to watch it again tonight, would I do it?  You bet.<br />Just buy it. You won't be sorry. The DVD lets you show off your  home theater system with hardly an explosion. It's a gem.
B000002MT0|5.0|In many ways one of his most brilliant quirky albums.  &quot;Come&quot; is an exciting concept album that flows from everything to sex to abuse to racism to even more sex.  The songs not only work great as written poetry  but as great R&amp;B music.  The album starts out with the sex fest that is  &quot;Come&quot; that is extremely long at over 10 minutes but is beat for  beat hot rhythms.  Followed is the even hotter &quot;Pheromone&quot;.   Great social commentary's come in the form of the story song  &quot;Papa&quot; (&quot;don't abuse your kids, or they'll end up like  me.&quot;) and the awesome funk rap of  &quot;Race&quot; (&quot;I bleed,  you bleed.  Both the bold is red. Get it&quot;).  &quot;Letitgo&quot; is  one of those great R&amp;B gems that just doesn't get the radio play it  deserves.  It's a great funky number and is extremely heartfelt at the same  time.  &quot;Orgasm&quot; speaks for itself and is just a sex scene with  some Prince music in the background.  Talk about the conclusion.  Maybe the  best song on the set is a small gem that just hides within the middle.   It's an electronic song called &quot;Loose!&quot; which pulsates with hot  dance grooves and tons of funk.  The CD is almost worth it just for that  track.   The album is full of not only great feeling and hot R&amp;B sounds  but has light faire like the mellow &quot;Solo&quot; and R&amp;B ballad  &quot;Space&quot;.  It's also Prince's last record and a great ending to an  awesome career.  The Artist has made some great stuff, but I think this  Prince record is nearly untouchable.  Eccentric music and creative stuff.
B00000IO4J|5.0|you knwo i saw this movie a copple mouths a go at my friends house and i thouthe it was a good movie. its about this a little alien cuetcrter is infecting a whole high school teachers and students some of the kids are  not infected and they have to find the Queen of the alien and stop it from  infecting the whole worlud.it is a good horror action movie whith good   dimemson special effects see it some day people!
B000002IZ4|4.0|After listening to all of the best tracks on &quot;Core&quot;at my cousin's house, I bought the album and was disappointed becauseit wasn't that good besides those tracks.  I tried out &quot;Purple&quot; anyway, with slightly lower expectations.  I found that it was an enjoyable album. There are some great rockers on here.  &quot;Meatplow&quot;, &quot;Vasoline&quot;, &quot;Superman&quot;, &quot;Unglued&quot;, and &quot;Army Ants&quot; are all great to head-bang to.  &quot;Big Empty&quot; was a terrific power ballad, as was &quot;Kitchenware&quot;.  The rest of the album is mainly so-so.  &quot;Pretty Penny&quot; is a horrible song; it reminded me of &quot;Sour Girl&quot;, which is by the way the reason I refuse to buy &quot;No. 4&quot; because it's such a sellout song. Luckily, the rest of the album pretty much makes up for &quot;Penny&quot;.  The final hidden track is ridiculous but funny on the first listen.  Before Weiland's drug problems, STP was a good band, and perhaps &quot;Purple&quot; was their peak (I haven't yet listened to their two most recent albums).  If you like grunge as much as I do, you'll like this album.  Give it a try even if you're just a casual grunge fan, or you liked &quot;Core&quot;.
0140283587|4.0|I would especially recommend this book to anyone who has done a bit of  travel. As I have traveled overseas myself, I really identified with the  rollercoaster of emotions Dave experienced. The cast of characters and his  interaction with the natives is right on. Throughout his adventures I found  myself thinking about my experiences and how similar they both are...you  really do run into people you know from your life at home when traveling. I  appreciated the way William Sutcliffe captures the realization Dave has  throughout the trip of how much is ahead of him, and at the end of the trip  how much is behind him. I also enjoyed Dave's endless pursuit of what  backpackers do all day. Anyone who has traveled knows that it is not what  you see and do so much, but instead it is that you did it and will want to  do it again. This is a very valuable lesson that Sutcliffe plays out well.
B000003C2U|5.0|I've heard every studio album death has put out and this one hands down is the best.  8 tracks of pure brutality yet there's a lot of melody to it.  My favorite track is &quot;lack of comprehension&quot;.  The lyrics are  deep like most death albums.  Spiritual healing is runner up to this one.   Like usual Chuck has some awesome studio musicians performing.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This album is one of my favorites in my collection!  I cannot stop listening to it!  All of the songs are beautiful and meaningful!  This album is a collection of sad love songs and upbeat jams that'll make you  want to listen to it over and over and over!  Darren Hayes had the most  mellow, calming voice around and he will melt you heart by the third song  at least!  Go buy it, you won't regret it!  That's a promise!
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Phil Collins is one of the pop stars that I've  inspired in my life. He makes great lyrics and knows how to turn on crowds. &quot;Susussudio&quot; and &quot;Easy Lover&quot; and the best hits. Gary Barlow? Who the hell is  he anyway?  Another one of those unsung trying-hard artists? Anyway...I  suggest no! no! I reccomend you buy this awesome CD!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Here is one of those extremely rare moments in music history where the general public, the music industry, critics, and myself, all seem to agree. &quot;This disc is GREAT&quot;! I always seem to be in the minority when it  comes to &quot;popular&quot; music, because most music that is  &quot;popular&quot;, is manufactured. More merchandise than music. In the  case of SUPERNATURAL, I'm with the majority. I have been a fan of Santana  (off and on) from the begining, and the energy in this new one reminds me  alot of his first three albums. This has everything that has set  &quot;Carlos&quot; apart from the rest of the pack for his entire career.  High intensity, spiritual, latin infused rock and roll. Add some  contemporary influences, then mix it all together with that unmistakable  &quot;Santana&quot; guitar. This disc gets better with each spin. And for  once,(and with some trepadation) I'm with the majority. A really great  piece of music. If you've held out because you don't want to join the  masses on this one, get off your high horse and go out and buy it.
B00004UFYU|4.0|i bought this cd before 5 days and all i can say is its amazing  actually the first era cd (era) was really special and have an amazing ballads , but this one is better , this kind of music u have to listen when u are out of  work and out of pressure  it makes u concitrate in yourself  this cd start  with a very slow guitars and keep on to a wonderfull song (no 2  -divano)-more groovy style the no6 song -infanati is really amazing and  have a great words the no9 song - miere mani was in their first cd but the  version here is more groovy and better than the first one but i really mean  what i wrote in the title - this cd is really special and i think everyone  who listen to era first cd MUST buy this one
B00004RX1Z|1.0|If you read most of the reviews you'd think I'd give the movie the same rating, NO WAY. This movie stinks, and that's putting it lightly. I've heard some call it a \\"cinematic masterpiece\\", I don't think so, more like a waste of miles of film. Some say it's one of the best films of the 80's. Wow that's funny, it didn't win an oscar for best picture. It also didn't make the American Film Institute's Top 100 Best American Movies Of All Time list. In the story, a young man finds a severed ear and begins an investigation which leads him through the perverse side of a small town. While he attempts to solve the crime he meets a woman named Dorothy (Isabella Rossellini) who is in a wild relationship with a sadist named Frank Booth, played by Dennis Hopper. He becomes deeply obsessed with Dorothy even though he already has a girl of his own (Sandy Williams played by Laura Dern).This is a mystery movie with loads of sexual deviance. Seeing it once was enough for me. This is one of those \\"out in left field pictures\\". Oh and by the way, I've noticed that most people who give this movie a low rating, get lots of \\"no\\" votes on the \\"was this review helpful\\" column including myself. That's OK, whoever you people are, can say our reviews aren't good all day long, it won't change the fact that this movie [IS BAD]
6305358567|3.0|I really liked this movie. However, as some other reviewers have asked: did they really have to rewrite history in order to make it interesting? The answer to that is ABSOLOUTELY NOT! In fact, the real history makes for  an even more enjoyable story than the one portrayed in the movie.  I can't  believe some of the flawed facts that in some parts even degraded the the  plot. Perhaps if I didn't know the real history of the young Elizabeth I  wouldn't say so, but as it is I can't stand some of the changes made to the  actual events when the real events are so fascinating! I think it would  have been more interesting to see into the character of the REAL Elizabeth,  in my opinion the most fascinating person who ever lived, instead of having  to invent a story that was in some places unbelievable. For example, why on  Earth would Elizabeth send her &quot;most trusted and loyal advisor&quot;  Walsingham to assasinate Marie de Guise when he could be killed? Anyway,  Walsingham was NOT a trusted advisor at all in reality. William Cecil  probably comes closer to this title than anyone else (he was also a bit of  an idiot in the movie, and he wasn't as bad as that in reality, though of  course still not as genius as Elizabeth)<br />HOWEVER, I do not believe that  this was a bad movie at all. In itself it was filled with good acting and  was an interesting story (even if REALLY boring and diminished when  compared to history). I loved Cate's performance regardless, and that of  everyone else. When I saw this movie I knew nothing about Elizabeth I at  all, and it inspired me to research her, and now I find her fascinating. (I  LOVED the movie at first as well, but as I said, when I knew enough of the  real story I became increasingly dissapointed) I also think that this movie  deserved the academy award. If you are looking for a good movie at any  rate, this is a must see. The only reason I gave it only 3 stars was the  amount of grevious historical errors that I wish had been amended. A more  historical account of Elizabeth's life that is truly excellent (though a  bit low- budget)would be Elizabeth R, with the amazing Glenda Jackson.
B00004THAY|5.0|I have truly enjoyed this c.d. more than any I have owned. great blues. clapton and king are fantastic. have not removed it from my player since day of purchase. as great to listen to now as it was two weeks ago. wish  all my selections were this good!
0451169514|5.0|This is the best book I have ever read.King gets you so caught up in the characters that you feel for them when they cry.You laugh at there jokes.This book has great detail in the character, in early life, and  fear.This is a must read must buy.I say if you want to start out with  Stephen King but don't know where to start start with it you will be  reading with the lights on.Take my advice and buy or go get it at a  library!
0783229364|5.0|it is the best movie i've seen i can never get enough of the storyline and the magnificant acting abilities by the cast.
B000002UDB|5.0|I am not the greatest Beatles fan but WOW! My friend let me listen to this CD.I was blown away.The songs are wild and tripped out.You can listen to the whole CD and not have to skip a song because you don't like it.Trust me  this is a must hear and a buyer.After this CD I got hooked on the  Beatles.Don't hesitate to buy!
B00000DC4A|4.0|I was expecting a downturn since 18 til I die was a disappointment but I am surprised! Considering that Bryan Adams is now 40(!) I thought he'd just release a VERY toned down album and fade away into obscurity just like many  other rock musicians. Instead of sticking with Robert 'Mutt' Lange in order  to stick with an AC-DC/Def Leppard formula, Bryan Adams took some risks.  Opening for the Rolling Stones in recent years must have rejuvenated him.  Overall, these events made this album sound great!<br />How Do Ya Feel  Tonight? is definitely a twist: a mixture of a Canadian rock style with  British 90s guitar pop. On A Day Like Today follows an Oasis/Cure formula  but with strings! in the background. The fun sing-a-long When You're Gone  could have sounded better with Courtney Love, Sheryl Crow or the like. Yet,  Mel C does a decent job.<br />Not to disappoint longtime fans, Adams presents  a Summer of 69 like song in Before the Night Is Over and a happier, faster  One Night Love Affair song in I Don't Wanna Live Forever.<br />For those who  are searching for slow songs Inside Out and Where Angels Fear to Tread  sound ok although they don't grab attention or last like Adams' past slow  song hits.<br />Unneeded are Getaway and I'm a Liar.<br />In lieu of Lange  ex-cure member and Natalie Imbruglia collaborator Phil Thornally and  country performer Gretchen Peters put a different spin on Adams' songs as  the current co-writers. The lyrics are more mature than in previous albums.  Fellow Vancouver musician/producer Bob Rock puts a different twist in the  overall sound. A surprise since Rock usually works with metal/heavy guitar  musicians.<br />The album is better than 18 til I Die. Just don't get bogged  down by radio stations who are unwilling to put Bryan Adams' upbeat new  songs and want either his new slow songs or bad music, usually performed by  the carpet bagging bubblegum pop crowd---the reason why all other quality   songs from classic pop/rock musicians, especially the older ones, don't get  more airplay. Overall, this experimental album met its test.<br />Buy this  album!
0451160916|5.0|The Shining will sweep you up and wont let you down until you finish it.You will find it gripping and hard to put down .King does a great job in this book.His descriptions of the characters and the hotel.I would hate to  spoil this book for the readers so I'm just going to tell you read this.You  really need to go and buy it or go to your library and read it.You don't  want to pass this one up.
B00000JCOV|5.0|I FIRST SAW A PICTURE OF SLIPKNOT IN A MAGAZINE AND I WAS CURIOUS TO SEE WHAT THEY SOUNDED LIKE. SO I DOWLOADED SOME SONGS ANND I LOVED EVERY SONG I HEARD!  I SUGGEST YOU BUY THIS IF YOU LIKE REALLY HEAVY STUFF!
B000002HRE|3.0|I am a fan of Metallica but this one was just not that good.There were only a few good songs but those song were pretty good.But over all don't waste your time or money on this CD.Trust me buy one of there other ones.
B000002JR8|5.0|this cd is cool!  especially 5 minutes alone and i'm broken
B00000JCOV|5.0|this cd is fast and hard. all the songs are good epessalyly wiat and bleed and spit it out.if you like this kind of muice get it
B00000IQBM|5.0|I first read the book, then the movie.  I was expecting both to be a lot similar.  Although I liked the book, I thought that Stanley Kubrick did an unbelievable job.  I think the music was a big part of make this movie  work.  I wish they had a soundtrack.  This movie is definitly unlike any  other horror movie.  Jack Nicholson was great at acting as a nutcase.  Some  parts of the movie were hilarious.  WENDY!  GIMME THE BAT!  I would give  this movie a shot.  It's a classic.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix could quite possibly &quot;the movie&quot; to surpass Star Wars as the greatest FX movie ever.  Yes you have to admit Star Wars was a pioneer but look at what The Matrix has done to expand the FX film  industry.  I myself am a huge Star Wars fan but in many aspects The Matrix  is better then Star Wars:  Episode 1.
B000003TA4|5.0|this cd has good songs on it. songs like drain you, breed, on a plain, and stay away are good. if you like silverchair, or the ex-drummer of nirvana's band then get this cd.
B000000HXK|5.0|&quot;Hex&quot; is BP's one and only real album, since their other available discs, &quot;Independency&quot; and &quot;Game over&quot;, are primarily collections of singles and EPs. Other bands would simply kill to  have such a strong, deeply touching album. The songs channel a vast  reservoir of influences from goth-rock, shoegazing pop, chamber jazz, to  '90s ambient, drawing the listener in by gradually revealing their  undercurrents and secrets. Although much of the music is subdued and  relaxing, &quot;Hex&quot; is never easy listening, since the arrangements  and melodies change enough to hold attention. With the exception of the  slightly dissonant &quot;Fingerspit&quot;, the songs are all winners; the  more groovy &quot;A street scene&quot; and &quot;Big shot&quot; as well as  the darker, Cure-ish &quot;Eyes &amp; smiles&quot; and the romantic  &quot;Absent friend&quot;. Alternately guitar-, piano-, and synth-driven,  the haunting melodies are an expression of BP's impressive taste and  musicianship. Graham's breathy talk-singing, however, is a credit to  neiher, and I could do without the vocal performance. Anyway,  &quot;Hex&quot; is a must-have for fans of arty pop music from the likes of  Cocteau Twins, Slowdive, and Durutti Column. By the way, it's not really  out of print, there's just low stock.
B000003TAR|5.0|in utero has a pretty good sound. the grunge era was a good time. if you like local h than get this cd.
B000002N2P|5.0|This album may not have had much commercial sucess, but it is by far in my opinion their best CD. They're finally playing real punk rock. All of the songs are good, but the best ones are Geek Stink Breath, Babs Uvula Who,  Brain stew, Jaded, and Walking Contradiction.
B00000JCOV|5.0|When I first heard wait and bleed on the radio I was blown away. Finnaly a good hard rock song I can enjoy listening to. I was determined to buy the c.d. When I finnaly bought it I was stuned. I've never in my life heard a  better c.d. It has great tunes and beats. Its not like other boring c.d's.  I recomend it to everyone.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Wow.<br />Creed has been my number 2 band for a long while now.<br />Not since Collective Soul has a band touched me with it's honest and uplifting lyrics and a good helping of real hard rock.<br />Songs like Higher and With Arms  Wide Open are modern day classics and Faceless Man is a song you can dream  to.<br />All the songs are good and albums like that are hard to find.This  sequel surpassed expectations,and should shut the critics up once and for  all.Bravo<br />kadu81@hotmail.com
B00000K19E|4.0|This commercially popular take on the book Nueromancer takes film making to an entirly different level. <br />The complex shots and thrilling action sequences  make this one of my favorite movies.<br />The good: The matrix is  entertaing with a good story and superb acting.<br />The bad: Keanu Reeves  drags at parts and the added love story subplot was un-needed.<br />The ugly:  They are already starting The Matrix 2 &amp; 3... sequels never match up to  the original.<br />I give it an overall of four. For being a great and  intertaing movie that attempts to liberate the mind but falls up short for  bowing in to commercialism.
B000002UCN|3.0|This collection of songs features the musical talents of L'Angelo Mysterioso as a Beatle, and doing his early, solo years (pre-Dark Horse).  <br />George was active in the early 70's, either recording his own material  or producing the works of others (most notably Badfinger's &quot;Straight  Up&quot;).  <br />The songs on this CD are all very good.  Unfortunately, it  falls short of the mark.  For openers, half the CD is full of Beatles  recorded music. This material has already been packaged in various formats.   The songs covering George's early solo years are terribly incomplete.   Where is &quot;All Things Must Pass?&quot;  Did they forget about the  B-side to Bangladesh, &quot;Deep Blue?&quot;  Why didn't &quot;Beware the  Darkness&quot; Make the Cut?<br />To really make this CD more competitive,  Capitol/EMI should have repackaged it -- you know, add some bonus tracks  like the one's mentioned above.  <br />If Capitol/EMI feels that they should  mix some of George's Beatle contributions into this CD, then it should  include &quot;The Inner Light.&quot; However, I believe that George  Harrison recorded enough good material as a solo artist to full any CD.   There is ample material available from his &quot;Apple Days.&quot;  <br />I  rated this CD three stars because (1) The Beatle material has been offered  in other packages; thereby making half this CD nothing more than a  knock-off of previously recorded material; (2) Representatives from  EMI/Capitol could have selected much better material to include in this  Collection of greatest hits, and (3) The CD should have been repackaged to  include more selections; thereby making it more complete.<br />As it stands  right now, this CD represents nothing more than a record company holding an  artist to the terms of his contract -- by way of cashing in on a name (The  Beatles).
B00000DHRZ|5.0|I have all Offspring albums, Smash being the best (obviously), and im fed up of other true Offspring fans like myself dissing this album, it may have more of a pop element in it, but who cares, its still great to listen too,  i Love every single Offspring album because they are the best band in the  world! but i am also fed up of people who think the Offspring are a new  band and Americana was there debut, that really gets under my skin! Buy  this if your a true fan!
0446677450|5.0|The financial wisdom in this book is exactly what I have found life has taught me.  I echo every thought in it.  He's right on.
B00000JCOV|2.0|You can't go anywhere without seeing 500 kids wearing Slipknot T-shirts.  You can't listen to the radio without hearing about Slipknot Slipknot Slipknot.  You know what?  They are an OK band.  They sound just like every  other Calimetal band (Korn, Kittie, Coal Chamber, etc).  I have their CD.   Sic, Wait&amp;Bleed, and the hidden song are the only ones I care for.  The  rest of the CD is pretty darn poor.  The worst part is...these guys are a  Sepultura RIP-OFF!   I find it funny that Sepultura has been making this  type of music for 15 years, and then Slipknot comes around at the last  minute and cashes in on it.  Sepultura does what Slipknot does 100 times  better, and they only need 4 band members, not 9.  Igor Cavalera from  Sepultura can drum better than all 3 drummers from Slipknot at once!  I saw  Slipknot live and they were terrible.  I dunno, I think these guys are very  over-rated.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Affirmation by Savage Garden is a excellent(and long await for me) sequal to their last self titled album. Here's my opinions of each track: <BR> 1. Affirmation: A great way to start the album, the lyrics are funny and in a  way [when your listening to them at three in the morning] lifting..<BR> 2.  Hold Me: a great song, very good to dance to, and fun to karrokee to [],  if you listen closely, its a great sad song..<BR> 3. I knew i loved you: At  first, a good song but after awhile it gets old<BR> 4. The Best Thing: a  great &quot;pop&quot; song, great to dance to<BR> 5. Crash and Burn: A  &quot;uplifting&quot; song that is just really good..<BR> 6. Chained to  you: A disco-ish song but not that bad really..reminds me of Carrying on  Dancing..<BR> 7. The Animal Song: At first i didn't like it but now it's a  dancey song. <BR> 8. The Lover After Me: OKay honestly, i think this is the  best song on the album. Sometimes i'll listen to music that matches my life  and for some reason, this song has been on top since i first heard it. The  lyrics are so right for someone who just lost someone they really cared  about. It's just amazing.<BR> 9. Two beds and a coffee machine: this song  is another song that i ways play over and over again. even though i've  never been in a abusive relationship, this song tells it so clearly. Very  good job done.<BR> 10. You can still be free: Amazing high notes. I cant go  that high! It's a great slow song.<BR> 11. Gunning down romance: it starts  out slow but then [to me] it gets more punk-ish..<BR> 12. I dont know you  anymore: I can't say enough about this song! It is one my favorite of the  album. It reminds me of how i lost someone close to me and when i went  back, everything was so different..<BR> All together i say this was a great  album and i hope there will be many many more!
B00001NFCY|1.0|What can I say about this CD other than I sold it back to a used CD store within two weeks after I bought it!   I was a big fan of Creed's first album, and I can honestly say that this sophmore effort is exactly  that...sophomoric.  Higher has to be one of the worst songs on the radio  today, and most of the songs have the main chorus being repeated so often  you would swear that the intent of the song was to hypnotize you...or put  you to sleep.  I think the popularity of this album shows that people will  line up and listen to anything these days, even an album where almost all  of the songs sound the same.  This is one of only a few scathing reviews I  have ever written, but I felt if anything deserves bashing it is Human  Clay.
B000002OCP|1.0|The lead guitar work on this CD is so annoying I just can not listen to it. There is nothing worse than a guitar sound like this. It is like driving a rusty nail into my ear drums. Avoid this CD unless you like  Electric dribble
B000000OU6|4.0|This album is a show-case for what Slash brought to Guns N Roses and his guitar-ability.  I'd suggest a Guns N Roses fan NOT EXPECT a Guns N Roses album, which can't be done if the right guys are not together. This is a  GOOD Rock N Roll album.(If you want to see Slash live, playing his  new-stuff, he is opening for AC/DC this summer!)
B00000FZ1V|4.0|I have to admit that I wasn't so fond of this film the first time I saw it, but over the years I grew to like it more and more. The principal characters work so well together. The story of three parapsychologists who  decide to go into business, helping people who have a problem with ghosts  or the unusual may not sound like the basis for a good comedy film but it  works.<br />There are features galore on this DVD - commentary tracks,  storyboards, deleted scenes but I think its worth it just for the film  alone.<br />The transfer is excellent, great picture quality (anamorphic) and  excellent sound. Complaints - come on guys, give us Ghostbusters 3!
B000002UA5|5.0|My God, this album!  When our poshly spoken psychedelic hero'sfirst unleashed it upon an unsuspecting record buying public, mostFloyd fans were still lamenting the departure of arch-loon Syd Barrett from the band.  `Piper at the Gates of Dawn' was a distant memory and `Saucerful of Secrets' had given us a first glimpse of the new David Gilmour-driven musical re-energisation of the weird world of Roger Waters' mind.  The live album of this two record set has blistering versions of four pieces drawn from previous albums and those of us lucky to have caught them live at this stage in their career, will never forget the raw power and weirdness of `Astronomy Domine', `Careful With That Axe Eugene', `Set The Controls for the Heart of the Sun' and `Saucerful of Secrets'.  `Careful with that Axe Eugene' must have one of the eeriest openings of all time, building quietly, menacingly, until Waters' bass line seems to pause in one key before the awful agony of that inhuman scream.  The cosmic sounds of `Set the Controls', made it easy to imagine oneself alone aboard an old twenty-third century doomed space wreck, whilst the inexorable crescendo of the last section of `Saucerful of Secrets', has to be one of the great moments in rock history - up there with the opening riff of `Voodoo Chile', or Jimmy Page's classic chord sequence in `Stairway to Heaven'.  As if this wasn't enough to satisfy the cravings of fifty million space cadets, the studio recording took the listener to a place further out than Timothy Leary's mind!  People who don't remember what sound recording was like before stereo, will have to try and imagine what effect the luminosity of this music had on the listener of the day.  It wasn't that stereo was new technology, but this was the first time I can remember it being used in such a way.  From it's ominous opening and Rick Wright's Satie-esque piano meanderings which eventually collapse into madness, on through the surreal pastoral tranquility of `GrantchesterMeadows' and the utterly lunatic and wonderfully satirical, `Several Species of Small Furry Animals etc'.  Having revisited this music in the year 2000, this reviewer is pleased to report that it still has the power to amaze and enthrall and to those younger music fans who are unaware of Pink Floyd pre-DSOTM, I urge you to beg, borrow or steal a copy of the re-mastered 1994 version and take a couple of hours out, to set sail on this venerable ocean of weirdness.
6305513414|4.0|First of all, for some reason Paramount have replaced the opening titles score with a different version of the theme. It spoils the original feel of the series. If this is the same for the other OST DVDs then I will not be  buying any more of them.<br />The picture quality is generally excellent, the  only noticeable problems being the age of the original prints. Nevertheless  the transfer is excellent and the sound is excellent.<br />What can I say  about the episodes on the DVD? &quot;Mudd's Women&quot; is a very light,  simplistic story which does little for the series. Its watchable but is not  particularly good.<br />&quot;The Enemy Within&quot;, on the other hand, is an  excellent variation on the Jekyll and Hyde story as a transporter problem  splits Kirk in two, unleashing a savage double on the ship. Until the  problem of re-combining Kirk is solved a landing party is stranded on a  planet as its extremely cold night closes in. A very good episode.
0517543052|5.0|I know it's a clich, but this book changed my life.  I read it in 1973 when I was an angst-ridden twenty-something searching for a spiritual direction.  I bought the book because I recognised Dr Richard Alpert from  his association with Dr Timothy Leary and was curious to hear his post  acid-haze spin on spirituality.  What I found in the pages of this book  planted the seed of a philosophy which has grown in my own consciousness,  becoming the foundation for a spiritual life.  The first part of the book  deals with Dr Alperts spiritual awakening through the grace of his guru and  his subsequent metamorphosis into the disciple called Baba Ram Dass.  It is  an inspiring tale for those not afflicted by cynical preconceptions and it  inspired in me the desire to seek out my own guru.  The central portion of  the book was perfect for the times, when people who had opened the gates of  their perception with the aid of psychotropic substances, were looking for  more natural means to help keep them open.  Using the words and teachings  of many different spiritual masters, from Jesus to Ramakrishna, the book  uses psychedelic, cartoon-like images to get the message across.  And the  message is Be Here Now.  When I first meditated on the meaning of this  exhortation, ten thousand bells began to ring in my mind.  Of course!  The  past is gone, an illusion which exerts all kinds of negative influences on  the human psyche.  The future is even more illusory, in that it is so  transient.  It could be years long, or it could be seconds - who knows?   Life can only be truly experienced in the present - in the here and now -  and if we are to find peace and spiritual freedom, we must first do away  with our attachment to the past and the future.  This is the central  premise of the books teaching and it is a profoundly important teaching.   We live so much of our lives in the past or the future, we forget to  experience the joy of the moment and in the third part of the book entitled  `Cook-book for a Sacred Life', Ram Dass offers the reader some practical  techniques.  Meditation, yoga, posture, mantra, recipes - there is  everything here for the novice spiritual aspirant wishing to bring a sense  of sacred-ness into all aspects of his or her daily life.  As a young man  seeking spiritual knowledge and a pathway towards salvation, the rituals,  techniques and teachings expounded in this book brought a magic to each day  and a kind of unseen connection with Ram Dass and his other readers.  Be  Here Now was a vital component of my spiritual awakening and I would like  to address my words to any open-minded person looking to tread the  rock-strewn road towards self-knowledge, compassion and spiritual  illumination.  Read this book now!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is one of the best bands around. Human Clay shows it. The lyric's are some of the best written. And the music is great. This is a must buy! And for those who say that Creed sounds like Pearl Jam---you are incorrect.  I am a fan of Pearl Jam and they sound so different that it is hard to  believe that you could mistake them for sounding similar in the first  place. This is a great album. Go get it!
B000002UA0|5.0|I don't necessarily like writing long, lengthy reviews, so I'll try to keep the review medium length...<br />Don't buy this CD if you're expecting the Floyd sound and material from their seventies heyday. Buy this album if  you want to listen to some excellent, trippy, spacey psychedelic music at  its very best. For one thing, this isn't the classic lineup of Roger  Waters, David Gilmour, Richard Wright, and Nick Mason, with Waters at the  helm of such timeless albums as The Wall and Wish You Were Here. This is  the ORIGINAL lineup of Syd Barrett, Waters, Wright, and Mason, with lead  guitarist, songwriter, and singer Barrett at the controls, and it proves to  be one of their best albums (I think it is actually THE best.) <br />The one  major factor which makes this album so great is that the songs are simply  amazing. I don't mean that in a real technical way (as in super fast guitar  playing and Keith Moon style drumming,) but the fact that this CD really  will blow your mind if listened to properly (the real effect comes only if  you're stoned, but for a nice substitute, put it on the stereo, turn out  the lights and kick back and close your eyes.)<br />The Piper at the Gates of  Dawn combines a nice mix of longer, spacey songs (Interstellar Overdrive,  Astronomy Domine, Pow R. Toc H., etc.) with short, extremely catchy pop  songs (The Gnome, Lucifer Sam, Bike, Scarecrow, and pretty much the rest)  for a pleasant, out of this world listening experience. <br />If you're new to  Floyd, I recommend you pick this album up first, for it is much better than  the seventies stuff (don't get me wrong, Dark Side of the Moon, Animals,  Wish You Were Here, and The Wall are all EXCELLENT albums, and I own each  one of them, but this still beats them.) If you've already got their  material when they peaked, perhaps you should download a few MP3's before  purchasing right away. If you like one song, you're pretty much guaranteed  to like the rest. <br />To sum, pick up this psychedelic classic for a  guaranteed out of your mind experience. You won't be disappointed that you  paid $13.00 for it... in fact, you'll probably listen to it over and over  again. <br />Most importantly, Syd IS Floyd!<br />Rock on, brothers and sisters!
0385484518|2.0|When you flip a book open, and the first line which catches your eye is &quot;Before you learn how to live, you must learn how to die,&quot; you know that poor man's psycho babble is about to spill forth and that you  should quickly abandon ship.    This book has been an incredible seller for  about three years, so obviously a lot of people are finding it useful, but  I'm 28 years old and learning how to die isn't what I'm looking for at the  moment. Thanks anyway Mitch.
B00004RFFU|5.0|Very rarely do films compare with their literary counterparts, being that movies simply cannot reach the psychological perimeter that first and third-person novels attain. There is no delving into the plotting brains of  the conniving villains and even the whole-hearted protaganists. We're left  wondering what they're thinking, no matter how good an actor it is that's  playing their part. This movie, however, kept my attentions without falling  short of expectation or accuracy in adaptation. The cinematography, set  design, special effects make-up and immaculate 19th-century attire were  luscious and realistic. The time period is vivid and beautiful, even when  we are viewing it in the darkest of midnights throughout the movie. Colors  are slightly neutralized and the faces are as clean and beautiful as we  would expect them to be.<br />Tom Cruise is sensational as the debonaire and  malevolent Lestat, an other-worldly creature with lingering grace, extreme  vanity and a zealous motivation for murder. A velvet tongue and feminine  sophistication, he lures both men and women alike into his arms, whispering  sweet nothings and seducing their lives away.<br />Kirsten Dunst is sheer  perfection as Claudia, the ageless angel of death with the visage of a  doll-like porcelain beauty. Her voice was literally the sweet tinkle of a  silver bell, a description recited quite a few times in the novel. Beneath  her powdery complexion and innocent, rosy-lipped smiles lies a gratuitous  penchant for blood, the core of her survival and ultimately her outlet for  her hatred of Lestat.<br />Louis is the tortured soul, a remorseful creation  full of woes and self-loathing. Brad Pitt definetely had the beauty the  character called for - the long, silky brunette hair, the chiseled features  and the sorrowful but lovely gaze with his brilliant viridian eyes (they're  actually blue, but the green contacts were interesting). Pitt did a  wonderful job with his role, but I think Cruise and Dunst blew him out of  the rink. The villians are always more fun, anyway.<br />Where the story line  comes into play, there is no falling short of detail, with a few minor  exceptions in the beginning. People who have read the re-popularized novel  by Anne Rice will know what those fine details are, but in the end they  aren't of any significance to what rightfully remained. There are quotes  pulled directly from the book that fall in just the right places without  sounding trite or contrived. The old superstitions (stake in the heart, no  reflection in mirrors) are stamped out with more realistic beliefs, such as  the undead being consumed by flames and sunlight, but there are some  interesting twists added, such as the imbibing of blood with inactive red  and white cells, or blood from corpses, to put it simply (&quot;dead  blood&quot;).<br />Now, a compliment to the heart-racing and emotionally  driven soundtrack, orchestrated by a collossal talent named Eliot  Goldenthal. The soundtrack for this movie, I think, is his greatest  achievement so far in musical composition and originality. It has the glory  of a ballroom scene in late 1800's New Orleans with the suffocating  corsets, rouged cheeks and blanched wigs. The score stabs and swipes in  harmony with moments of tension, the perfect example being Claudia's  explosion of rage, accompanied by Goldenthal's piece entitled  &quot;Claudia's Allegro Agitato&quot;. Listen and watch, and you'll be  amazed at how perfectly the score compliments each scene.<br />I have only one  qualm with this film, and this is why I only rank it four and three-quarter  stars - Antonio Banderas. This was the only casting mistake. Don't get me  wrong, he wasn't bad, but he wasn't a good character representation for  Armand. Armand is almost a child. He was seventeen when he was created,  therefore has a very child-like face. Plus, he's Italian. Why a  30-year-old, Spanish-speaking actor? I don't get it...<br />I imagine in her  personal viewing of the film before it hit theaters, Anne Rice had only one  regret: the letter she personally penned to Tom Cruise begging him to pull  out of the role of Lestat. Now that's egg on her face...or should I say  blood?nal viewing of the film before it hit theaters, Anne Rice had only one  regret: the letter she personally penned to Tom Cruise begging him to pull  out of the role of Lestat. Now that's egg on her face...or should I say  blood?
0380002930|5.0|I first read this book back in 1990 (at the age of 15) when I checked it out of the high-school library.  Honestly, I had no idea how &quot;talking rabbits&quot; would keep me occupied over a long-weekend; but, coming off a  one-month, up-til 2am every night reading adventure of Tolkien's &quot;The  Lord of the Rings&quot; trilogy, I was ready to accept another  recommendation from my English teacher.     It's so unbelieveable how one  person can actually produce such loveable characters and include them in  such a detailed manner that actually makes you feel various emotions for  each of them... From the hard-headed Bigwig, to the future-seeing Fiver and  his wise older brother Hazel, this book offers characters that draw you  into the book and do not let you even dare to take a break.     Although  the wonderful detail of the characters probably won't motivate you to  volunteer for any &quot;save the rabbits&quot; organization, it might have  you maneuvering your &quot;hdrudru&quot; down any given rural road in a  more cautious manner during non-sunshine hours.  And let's face it, how  many of us love the book because it truly allows us to relate EVERYTHING to  human life...  The word &quot;tharn&quot; seems to be the favorite.     The  book is such a masterpiece that it's hard to believe anyone could pan it.   There are a few flaws...  the most annoying being that the name  &quot;Hazel&quot; just doesn't seem to ring as a male.  Throughout the  book, I had to remind myself that Hazel was a male rabbit, and it was  extremely annoying.  Still, I can't justify giving this book any rating  less than the best possible.  The various sub-stories are so interesting  and rich in detail that you'll probably find yourself reflecting back on  your own life's journeys/adventures and putting yourself in the place of  various characters in the story.  Just when you've shed a tear of amusement  for one of the characters, the book will quickly take you back to the  &quot;present-time&quot; situation...  you will actually feel a sense of  security and warmness, then realize that although you were distracted along  with the characters in the story, the situation still exists.  It rarely  gets better than this.
B000002L3P|4.0|I still think Kenny is the next Stevie Ray but his sound changed when he changed his whole band.Still great lyrics and sound just different than Live On my favorite.Kenny still has what some great person said in their  reveiw on Live On that I read as I was doing mine. He does need to show his  on style  more.But this is still a good CD. I play it for getting a good  mood swing with it's sound.Would recomend to any of my students at the  College.
0312243022|5.0|This is easliy the best book I've read in a year.  It has haunted me in the weeks since I finished it.
0684862239|5.0|This book gives information for anyone interested in bodybuilding, no matter your age of your fitness level. The training routines are easy to understand with descriptions of all the exercises. Nutrtion section is a  little outdated, but still has good information.
067144901X|5.0|I inherited this book from my sister-in-law, who got it from her best friend, our children all love this well worn book.  I started reading this to my liitle girl at 2 months, now, we bring the book out and she  immediately starts grinning. In fact to get her to smile while a  photographer was taking her picture, all we had to do was recite the first  few lines, (which we of course know by heart now) the photographer was  amazed that she smiled on cue every time. She's 4 and a half months old,  and she's learning to turn the pages!  Let me at the rest of those Sandra  Boynton books!
630476524X|1.0|Maybe if they had slapped another name on this very obviously B flick I could have watched it. But, having the name The Crow on it, I expected the same quality as the original. It was not there! It was a dark drama, but  the story just never clicked. It just seemed to be a quick rip off hoping  to bank on the cult following established by The Crow with Brandon Lee. I  would recommend renting this to see if you can sit through it before  wasting the money to buy it.
B00003CWL6|3.0|American Beauty is very well-acted, and first-time film director Sam Mendes shows real flair with his direction and staging, but when I hear people praise this film for being &quot;audacious&quot; and  &quot;challenging&quot; (which is quite often) I have to say I'm perplexed.   What startling, difficult truths is it presenting?  That older men can be  sexually attracted to teenage girls?  That homophobia is wrong?  That  smoking pot might not be the terrible sin some people make it out to be?   That people shouldn't be so absorbed in their careers at the expense of  their families?  I'm sorry, but these &quot;messages&quot; should hardly be  considered new or challenging. Maybe I'm alone on this, but when I hear  words like &quot;masterpiece&quot; and &quot;audacious&quot; being thrown  around, I expect a film to push me out of my comfort zone a bit and to  force me to see things in a new way.  American Beauty does a nice job of  confirming truths like those listed above, and there are some truly  wonderful moments in the film, but I think credit for this should be  attributed to the performances and some nice directorial touches, not the  script itself, which I thought really derailed itself in the last half  hour, spelling EVERYTHING out for a viewer rather than allowing us to  &quot;look closer&quot; outselves and draw our own conclusions.   If you  want to see some truly unique, challenging, and audacious filmmaking from  1999, try films like Magnolia, Fight Club, Being John Malkovich, Election,  Eyes Wide Shut, or Boys Don't Cry instead.  I would easily put them above a  good (but not great) film like American Beauty.
0783229887|1.0|Chucky is a bomb not da bomb. This is the best rating I'll ever give it. The best out of all the Chucky movies. But a sorry piece of gutter trash.
0679746048|3.0|This is in between informative and deep-inner-feelings sort of thing.  Sometimes the book seems to exist just to explain the senselessness of mental institutes, and other times tries to share thoughts on  sanity/insanity.  If Susanna Kaysen would just chose one, she might have a  stronger work.  This also, unfortunately, slightly gives off the smell of  rebel-teen-questioning-life, which is a lame way to preach to the world.   Kaysen has some interesting stuff to say, but she must organize.
B00000JPH4|5.0|This movie will become a favorite at first site. I love it for the memories. I believe you will too.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Ok. I am going to try and be unbiased as I write this. However, this album has two things written against it. 1: I have an absolutely seething hatred for teenage pop music. 2: My x-girlfriend was big into teenage pop music.  So as a result, most of this album was played into my voice mailbox about  every week.<br />Nonetheless, I think I can do it. But make no mistake,  &quot;unbiased&quot; does not mean &quot;easy&quot;. No, I intend to make  an effort to show all of this albums sore spots (there are MANY), and this  albums high points (if there are any). <br />Beginning with the first track I  heard from this disc, which would also be the first single and track, I  thought that &quot;Oops.. I did it again&quot; was a remix of &quot;Baby  one more time.&quot; The beats are essentially the same and the music is  close enough to be easily mistaken. Starting out with this track was a huge  mistake. <br />It also appears that with her sophmore album, Britney has no  intention of doing the vocal WORK herself. Don't take me wrong, her voice  is featured in the album and I'm not insinuating in any way, that it is not  her voice that is being played. What I AM saying is that she is continuing  to follow a very ominous trend in the music business to allow backup  vocalists to lay down the primary melodies while Britney herself accents  that, and calls it &quot;good.&quot;<br />About the only thing I can think of  that is really a good point about Britney's music on this album is that it  is truly upbeat and, if given half a chance, would put you in a good mood.  <br />BUT, I don't plan on giving her another chance any time soon.
014028009X|5.0|This is the funniest book I've read in years.  I have been laying out with my friends, reading and laughing outloud.  Now they all want to read it too.  I can easily identify with Bridgette's life and situations she gets  herself into.  I think this is a great book for women of any age, my mom is  reading it now.
B00000JGOJ|2.0|I remember when this film came out in the theatres, I was pretty determined (after seeing the movie poster, and thus, the cast) to see it. This was not an easy feat when you consider that in all of Phoenix (A  reasonably large metropolitan area), only a single theatre showed this  film. <br />This didn't make sense to me, considering I saw the trailer as  well as the poster in a very high-class first run theatre here in town. It  still doesn't make sense to me and neither does the treatment of this film  on DVD. <br />I have, at this point, shown the film to many, many people and I  haven't found someone yet who does not like it, and yet the DVD itself is a  movie only disc. <br />We all know that Miramax is capable of producing  wonderful DVDs (e.g. Good will hunting: SE), and though this film didn't  pull in nearly the gross that Good will Hunting pulled in, neither did  Mallrats. Despite Mallrats' terrible theatre performace, Gramercy decided  to revisit the DVD with a special edition and it sold wonderfully.<br />Bottom  line: This is an absolutely wonderful film with next to ZERO extras. Pick  it up if you love this film, but the VHS version might be the better one  for the money.<br />And a note to Miramax: A good percentage of the time,  there is a really good algebraic formula when it comes to DVD. That  is:<br />Excellent film + Lots of extras = Disc sales.
B000002V0Q|5.0|This is my second Megadeth CD (&quot;Youthanasia&quot; was the first), and between the two, I'd say that this one is definitely better.  I mean, &quot;Youthanasia&quot; is great, but this one packs more punch, and is  better for going insane to.  From what I gather, this is most likely the  best of the new Megadeth CD's, the older ones may be better because they're  supposed to be like old Metallica, but I haven't heard them yet, so I don't  know.  I'm not sure Dave made a better album than the Black Album in this  as he planned (the Black Album is a masterpiece, after all), but I'd say  that he at least came very close.  There are no skip-overs here, but  &quot;Symphony of Destruction&quot; and &quot;Sweating Bullets&quot; are my  faves on here.  &quot;Symphony&quot; may possibly be the best Megadeth song  to date, but I'd have to hear them all to know for sure.  So, if you're  sick and tired of &quot;popular&quot; metal like Korn, Limp Bizkit, and  Rage Against the Machine, pick this album up and prepare to go wild!  Also,  be sure to check out Iced Earth, the most underrated and awesome band  alive!  Peace folks, and keep on rockin'!
B000007SIN|5.0|the only word to describe this album is cinematic. for some odd reason, pinhead critics,danfans and even messers becker and fagen have downplayed the merits of this gem for years. buy it, and listen to it on a hot summer  night.
B000023VR6|3.0|This album for Dre has its high points as well as some very low ones. Tracks such as &quot;still D.r.e.&quot; continue to talk about Dre being back. I never knew that he left. He is taking it to far, no one dissed him.  So he needs to stop saying he's back and come out with a song that shows he  is ready to be a contenter for Best rapper of 2k.
B00004SCS1|5.0|This is without a doubt the best cd that i have ever heard. Every single song on this cd is just as awsome as the one before it. It's really unfair that they don't get the recognition they deserve where as a stupid band  like Limp Bizkit gets a tremendous amount of recognition just because they  hang aroung with Korn.
0345403959|5.0|Eddings is one of my favorite fantasy authors. His books are interesting and don't contain some of the obscure and boring sections that plague many fantasy novels. I expected this to be fairly long-winded, considering its  length compared to his other novels, but it was surprisingly interesting.  Anyone interested should read the Belgariad and Mallorean first, because  the book is filled with comments that first time readers won't understand.  If you've read the series and liked it, you've probably picked up this book  already.
B000002UAO|5.0|Possibly the Best Beatles album/CD, maybe only second to &quot;Revolver&quot; or The &quot;White Album&quot;(the Beatles)IMO.It has everything you'd want in a Beatles CD, at this point(late 1965) its still  about Love in the songs &quot;Drive MyCar&quot;(McCartney)  &quot;Michelle&quot;(McCartney,&quot;Girl&quot; (which has a Greek feel to  it),(Lennon),Then theres Love gone bad in &quot;Nowegian  Wood&quot;(Lennon)&quot;You Won't See Me&quot;,(McCartney), &quot;Think For  Yourself&quot;(Harrison) &quot;I'm Looking Through  You&quot;(McCartney)&quot;Run For Your Life&quot;(Lennon)This song could  probably be viewed as Another &quot;You can't Do That&quot; from 64), full  of Jealous rage and threats,2 of 4-5 Jealous themes John would do in his  career. Then theres the Message songs, &quot;The Word&quot; and &quot;In My  Life&quot;,&quot;Nowhere Man&quot; the first of many Message songs they'd  do.&quot;In My Life&quot; visits their lives, as did &quot;Penny Lane&quot;  and &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot; almost 2 years later. &quot;The  Word&quot; was the first Love message, you might say the Beatles first  &quot;hippie&quot; song. This album would also introduce new intruments to  the world of Rock, The Sitar on &quot;Norwegian Wood&quot;, the Fuzz Bass  on &quot;Think For Yourself&quot;(Played by McCartney). Yes, this is the  first change album,the first message album, the first new look album(the  cover), Where Mop top meets the future, Its all here, in Rubber Soul.
B00002E233|1.0|I was appalled by how stupid this movie was like when the actors were diving into the water with the sharks only a few metres away. I mean that's just asking to be killed! It was also a disgusting movie by showing the  actors being ripped apart by the sharks. Worst movie ever.
B000002KJM|5.0|I saw ZZ do this when I was 15 in Shreveport, LA in a coliseum that sat maybe 5000...We didn't (couldn't sit for long! )...I had been playing drums for a couple of years and knew I was in the presence of something  great that night...The &quot;little ole' band from Texas&quot; was never  again to be the same....and neither was I....A MUST have if you still live  on this planet and even think you know something about rock and roll....or  for that matter, the BLUES ! ! !
B000002KKS|3.0|Ronnie James Dio Vocal range was never fully appricated more in his other works then &quot;HEAVEN AND HELL&quot; released back in 1980 when Ozzy Osbourne Left. Songs like &quot;CHILDREN OF THE SEA&quot; &quot;LADY  EVIL&quot; AND &quot;DIE YOUNG&quot; Are the landmark songs from Sabbath in  the 80's When Dio left the group a few years later the band suffered.  But  since Dio's solo Career never really did took off he then rejoined the  group a decade later. This is the best Black Sabbath relaese In the whole  decade of the eighties.
6304994540|4.0|I love to watch The Big Lebowski over and over again.  That's so relaxing.  You just listen to the confusing story and get mixed up a little bit, but that doesn't matter : you laugh at the characters, enjoy their brilliant  play (of course, especially Goodman) and admire the authenticity of the  film itself.<br />I would recommend it to everyone who is not in the mood for  trying to understand the moral of this movie.  There is a very simple  reason for that : there is no moral...<br />Oops... the star I scratched down,  well, it's because The Big Lebowski is a little longer than it should  be.<br />I'll have a white russian, please.
6304535570|1.0|Val Kilmer the saint? what were the producers thinking casting him? this movie stinks nothing like the original, it places too much time on gimmicks than storyline big mistake. This film is travisty to The ledgendary sereis.
B00004TL21|4.0|Wow...that's all I can say.  This album is great...and CHANGE IS GOOD.  Selling out is bad, and thats the one thing these guys avoided, which is great.  Personally i really liked &quot;Change&quot; alot, and I'm sorry to  say but it's one of the weaker tracks on the album.  &quot;Digital  Bath&quot; has to be the best track on here...it's simply put, amazing.   &quot;Elite&quot;, &quot;Passenger&quot;, &quot;Knife Prty&quot;, and  &quot;Korea&quot; are also great tracks.  Don't blow your money on the  limited copies it's just a waste.  Use your $14 on this great CD.
6304535570|1.0|Val Kilmer the saint? what were the producers thinking casting him? this movie stinks nothing like the original, it places too much time on gimmicks than storyline big mistake. This film is travisty to The ledgendary sereis.
B000006U44|5.0|So what is the Big Deal? With The Kick Inside, we have a girl named Kate Bush whose high-pitched soprano often sounds like a chirping bird, a silly ditty asking James Bond to come home (James And The Cold Gun), childish and  nonsensical rhymes such as \\"Beelzebub is aching in my bellyo. My feet are  heavy and I'm rooted in my wellios\\" (Kite), and a way over-the-top  symphonic fairy tale (Wuthering Heights). When I first bought The Kick  Inside on vinyl in 1978, transferred it to cassette, then drove around in  my car impulsively miming \\"Them heavy people hit me in the soft spot\\" (Them  Heavy People) for the next six-months.<br /><br />I never paused to answer the Big  Deal question, much less tag The Kick Inside with accolades such as  \\"Masterpiece\\" or \\"Classic.\\" However, \\"Masterpiece\\" is a qualified moniker  for several reasons: maturity, compositional style, vocal delivery, and  emotional impact. Although these compositions were written when Kate was  seventeen to nineteen years old, they exhibit an uncharacteristic maturity.  Lines such as \\"You'll find me in a Berlin bar. In a corner, brooding,\\" and  \\"I pulled down my lace and the chintz. Oh, do you know you have the face of  a genius\\" are highly seductive. Instead of promoting burn-your-bra  feminism, Kate is keenly aware of nature's gifts which only women can lay  claim - \\"There's room for a life in your womb, woman.\\" The characters of  `Kite,' `Wuthering Heights,' and `James And The Cold Gun' are so animated,  that these compositions belong in the theater. Kate's vocal delivery is  multi-dimensional: she can be a child (Kite), an infatuated adolescent (The  Man With The Child In His Eyes), and a mature sarcastic woman (James And  The Cold Gun).<br /><br />Thirty-four years after its release, listeners are still  debating the symbolism of \\"This kicking here inside makes me leave you  behind\\" (The Kick Inside). I doubt that The Kick Inside is the first  example of the piano-based illustrative narrative used by many other female  artists today, but this often referenced release is a landmark in popular  music. Is `Wuthering Heights' a sophomoric and outlandish fairy tale love  song? Absolutely. Passion, eccentricity and creativity go hand-in-hand.
6305127689|4.0|One of the best aircraft movie I've ever seen.It has great aerial photography and soundtrack.This is not a war movie,this is an action.There are some stupid and strange thinghs in that one.I'm very interested in  combat aircraft and I've never  seen an aircraft called MIG-28 that is F-5  in the movie.Also F-14 Tomcats HUD(heads up display) is not like the one in  the movie.But these are extras and doesn't makes the movie bad.Tony Scott  made good one again.Top Gun and Iron Eagle are the best of their kind.Also  both soundtracks are excellent.You can buy this movie if you like action or  airplane movies.
6305499365|4.0|This an amazingly smart satire about cubecle workers. Mike Judge (Beavis and Butthead) has created a moder time classic, with well drawn characters and a hillarious plot. This movie is Dilbert meets Citizen Kana. Highly  recomended
B00003CXDV|4.0|I went to this movie expecting a few things: some good Trek one-liners, some neat special effects, and a cheezy Tim Allen plot.  What I got was even funnier than I expected, as well as a story that rivaled the last  actual Trek movie (the abominible Insurrection)!  This movie was  excellent--funny, smart, and not insulting (well, not too insulting) to the  Trekkies it pokes fun at.  Well worth a watch!<br />The DVD has excellent  picture and sound quality.  The extras are a mixed bag.  The deleted scenes  are pretty good, but the Thermian Language track is annoying--who in their  right mind would sit and watch more than a minute or two in a screchy, made  up alien tongue?
B000031WD9|2.0|This is a horrible, mindless, stupid teen flick. The plot is simple, disigned around adolescent jokes. Four friends make a bet to loose their virginity before prom, and of course we are treated with an bunch of  &quot;funny&quot; situations along the way. This not entertainment, this a  third rate comedy, its great box office success can only be credited to the  beautiful cast and to a society of apes. If you have self respect, please  stay away from this evil evil film. Its for your own good.
0767903854|5.0|I only wished I had read this book prior to my month-long visit to Oz a few years ago.  What a treat to finally read something from an American's point of view that is right on the money!  I am in love with Australia, and  how I long to go back to retrace some of the places mentioned in the book  that reminded the author of his childhood in the 1950's.  You will see and  feel the real Australia after reading this book, and laugh out loud until  your belly aches.  <br />(But, Bill, I saw tons of wild roo my third day in  Australia in the Blue Mountains.  Sort of like seeing your first elk in  Yellowstone!)
B00000273M|5.0|I became a fan of The Bangles before their Different Light album.  I first heard them when I saw their video for &quot;Going Down To Liverpool&quot;. They were rather obscure then.  I saw the video not on MTV but pre-MTV on  Ted Turner's Superstation WTBS when they used to show videos late on Friday  and Saturday night.  Does anyone remember that?<br />I was very happy when  they hit the big time with &quot;Different Light&quot;.  Of course, my  favorite track was &quot;Walk Like An Egyptian&quot;.  I thought that was  really cool, just like everyone else in the country.  &quot;If She Knew  What She Wants&quot; and &quot;Manic Monday&quot; were also great tunes,  and big hits,  from that album.  <br />Post &quot;Different Light&quot;  I  think I favor &quot;Hazy Shade of Winter&quot; from the movie &quot;Less  Than Zero&quot;.  It always reminds me of winter and happy times as a  teenager back in the 80's (what a weird time that was).  I also really like  &quot;In Your Room&quot;, I think it's the best tune they did after  that.<br />I always liked Susanna Hoffs' voice.  It's unusual.  Too bad she  didn't do well on her own.  And too bad they broke up.  Maybe they will  have a reunion tour some day.  That would be great.
B00000K19E|5.0|This DVD is a home theater experience.  I enjoyed it even more at home.
B000002J09|5.0|This is as good as rock music ever got.  Black Dog - Rock n Roll - Stairway - Levee... what else can I add?<br />Not only was there never a better band, no one else came close. 5-stars!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Ed Norton's best performance to date and Brad Pitt plays an excellent supporting role.  Although the blood is a bit intense at times the story line and dialog kept me glued to the screen.  Best of all the DVD has all  the options and an excellent sound track.  Well worth the money.
6305750750|2.0|This being about the 1000th review on SW-I, I guess everything's been said before. You either like the movie or you don't.<br />I enjoyed the SW universe from the moment I saw the first movie on screen as a 14 year old. Crazy  about the music, bought the videos, saw the new editions when they were  released three years ago. So yes - I am a fan, but I didn't expect to have  the reaction of excitement and awe I had as a kid. I mainly hoped for a  sentimental journey, which is exactly what I got.<br />Still, despite the pod  race, in the end this movie didn't do anything for me. I always felt that  SW-VI was the weakest of the first trilogy, and more or less expected  another let-down because many fans are crazy about SW-VI. (But come on, an  evil empire that terrorizes an entire galaxy gets defeated by a bunch of  teddy-bears? It is fantasy, but this really was a bit too much).<br />So why  didn't I like SW-I? It was not Binks, and forget about character  development and the early death of Darth Maul for a moment. It was the  complete absence of reality. Watching SW-I, I became painfully aware of how  boring a movie becomes when 75% of what you see on screen is computer  animated. It was like watching a cartoon. Impressively made, but  still.<br />So before die-hard fans fall all over me and start saying that I  just don't get it, a word of advice. Sit down one evening and watch Alien.  No computer animations, but giant sets with real people. It looks real  because it is. Watch The Abyss, shot entirely underwater. Now that's  impressive.<br />I wonder if the next two episodes, which must include the  clone wars and near extinction of Jedi knights, will feel like &quot;Disney  visits world war II&quot;.<br />And I'm not holding my breath for a  second.<br />Frank<br />By the way, my 2 star rating is for the movie, not the  VHS tape. I simply refuse to buy it - but will think about adding the film  to my DVD collection when Lucas has cashed in on video tape sales and  finally decides on granting us a DVD release.
076790382X|2.0|As a huge fan of Bill Bryson, I was eager to add this title to the other works of his that I have read (all except Mother Tongue) and was amused to realize that the paperback book I bought in Glasgow is now available in the  U.S. and that it has a different title but most definitely is the same book  by the same side-splitting author.  Two glaring errors that do not  necessarily detract from the book but should be noted (and hopefully passed  on to Bryson) is that the American holiday Thanksgiving falls on the FOURTH  Thursday each November, not the LAST Thursday and that the journalism  students who  rescued an innocent man from death row were Medill School of  Journalism students and their professor from Northwestern University, not  the University of Chicago which Bryson inexplicably believes.  All in all,  I've laughed myself silly much more with his other books than with this  one.  It is clearly written for his British audience and, if one forgets  that, sounds a bit patronizing. An effortless read if not his most  enchanting, made all the more bearable by the brevity of his chapters.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido's debut record &quot;No Angel&quot; is a work of art.  Her ability to sing is unsurpassed and the depth of her lyrics give me goosepimples.  An avid &quot;Roswell&quot; watcher, I was pleasantly welcomed with every  episode by her single &quot;Here With Me&quot;.  After several shows, I  knew that I had to have the cd.  I was a little nervous buying the album,  seeing as I had only heard two of the songs.  But after listening to it, I  can not live without it.  This a cd for everyone's collection.
0783219598|5.0|When Babe came out it was a refreshing change to all the Tarantino foul mouthin and gun shootin tough guy business.  This movie is in no way pointlessly 'controversial,' it represents something more difficult to  accomplish - a story that translates to all audiences.  <br />I dare you to  hate a talking pig!<br />I dare you!
B00000JGEI|5.0|There are some movies, that when you see them, you think, &quot;Wow!  I want to watch that again, and in my case, again and again and again.  In fact, I rented Terminator 2 twice a week for about a month.  I was  obsessed, and though I've gotten over it, I still consider T2 one of the  best movies I've ever seen.  Linda Hamilton is great as the crazed mother.   Arnold Scharzenegger is awesome is a giant Terminator, he doesn't have to  do anything except act like a robot and he does that very well.  Robert  Patrick is a sickeningly cold blooded, villainous robot.  The special  effects were ground breaking in the early ninetees, and still look  incredible!  This movie, also has very fine action scenes in it.  One in  which the Schwarzeneger blows the T-1000's head in half, by shooting him  point blank with a shotgun.  Then you see the T-1000's head melt back into  place!  The plot stems from an incredible idea, sending two warriors back  in time to battle brutally, with humanities future at stake.  The script is  also quite good, with intersting lines, all executed well by the cast, from  the beginning to the very end, which had me in tears the first couple times  I saw the movie.  I also think that the music was very moving, and  completely appropriate for the dramatic tone to the film.  If you're  looking for an action movie that's more than just a straight forward action  movie, this film is for you.
6305810109|4.0|I really dug this movie, but I can't help wondering how it ever got made!<br />Yeah, Mr. Disney, we've got David Lynch on the phone - yeah the same guy who did &quot;Blue Velvet&quot; and &quot;Wid at Heart&quot; and  &quot;Lost Highway&quot; - yep, and he wants to do a Disney film - no, not  through Touchstone or anything, he definitely wants the Disney logo on the  film.  Mmm-hmm.  No, nothing like that, he wants it to be a family film,  but not for kids specifically.  In fact, it's an old guy riding a lawnmower  across the Midwest, so it's actually not for kids at all....Hello?<br />The  Straight Story features Richard Farnsworth on his riding mower (cuz he  can't drive no more) riding to see his ailing brother a couple hundred  miles away whom he hasn't seen since having a falling out with him years  ago.  Along the way he stops in towns, chats with folks, and acts as a sort  of Midwestern Messiah by giving wisdom and advice to folks who need it.   The whole thing basically boils down to a character study of Farnsworth's  character, and he does carry the whole darn thing - and well.  His war  story in the bar is what I imagine got him the Oscar nomination.   <br />Recommended, but you gotta be in the right mood.  Dennis Hopper and his  nitrus tank won't be showing up.
B00004U45G|5.0|I was just at the concert July 8 at The E-Center Camden, NJ. The show was amazing and the cd is great! If you can't make it to the show get Live At The Greek. Chris Robinson sounds good as Robert Plant and everything is  just as good as the Zeppelin versions.
B00000J2KT|4.0|Man, I really felt bad for 'Gomer' in the training part of this movie.  I knew he was gonna lose it sooner or later.<br />The part where the fellow gets picked off in the decimated city, and his buds can't get to him cuz they  don't know where the sniper is....pretty rough stuff.<br />Also, the ending,  when all the soldiers are marching through the burning town singing  &quot;The Mickey Mouse&quot; theme song with M-16s in their hands, well, I  guess that's what America is all about.
B00004U45G|5.0|If you are a Led Zeppelin, Jimmy Page or Black Crowes fan....this CD is a must buy.  You will not be disappointed.  Jimmy Page really performs on this one.  And, if you are not a Black Crowes fan, you will be after  hearing this CD.  The CD is mostly Led Zeppelin covers with a few band  favorites mixed in.  Do yourself a favor and buy this one.
B00000IQC8|3.0|What I'd like to have seen more of in &quot;Clerks&quot; was the idiot customers, like the 'Milk Maids' or the guy who wants ice in his coffee.  That stuff was right on the money.  The Death Star discussion, too -- I  actually had that conversation with folks BEFORE SEEIN THE MOVIE!   <br />What  drags the film down is the love interest part of it.  There's like this  long conversation in the middle of it that goes NOWHERE for like 10  minutes.  Also, what went down in the bathroom kinda ruined the credibility  of the movie.  <br />However, as a whole I found &quot;Clerks&quot; to be an  accurate depiction of life working at a convenience store.
B00004U45G|5.0|If you are a Led Zeppelin, Jimmy Page or Black Crowes fan....this CD is a must buy.  You will not be disappointed.  Jimmy Page really performs on this one.  And, if you are not a Black Crowes fan, you will be after  hearing this CD.  The CD is mostly Led Zeppelin covers with a few band  favorites mixed in.  Do yourself a favor and buy this one.
6305508550|5.0|This was definately one of the funniest movies that I've seen all year.  If you work in an office you will laugh your head off.  This movie focuses on everyday things we deal with in an office, from broken fax machines to  talkative co-workers.
B00003CWL6|5.0|The acting, direction, etc... are all great. I watched this movie after my brother said it was great. I didn't hear the hype first. I sat in that theatre absolutely riveted to my seat. Regardless of those bad reviews  other people have done, you simply must check this movie out for yourself.  Quit reading this trashing and hype. Do yourself a favor... when you watch  this movie, imagine yourself as a critic, like Siskel and Ebert. Look for  the use of red in the film's cinematography. Watch the angles used on  steps, which is like a Hitchcock or Orsen Welles' film. Listen to the tight  dialog. Watch for suburban satire subplots. There are a ton of things this  movie speaks to. Watch for it. Like The Usual Suspects (another great  Spacey film) this movie is simply gripping. For many, you will find its  pedifile overtones disturbing. Others will reject this film because they  are homophobic. Others may simply reject this film because although  hilarious, it has some VERY dark and disturbing undertones. Regardless, it  is a MUST SEE. Rent it, and if you love it like most of the reviewers here,  get it on DVD for the supplimental materials. I can't wait to hear the  directors' comments during the film, which comes on this DVD. If you are  still in Tape-land, do yourself a favor and buy a DVD player, then buy this  movie and the Matrix. Science and art combine for home entertainment which  is unmatched and life enhancing.
6305508550|5.0|This was definately one of the funniest movies that I've seen all year.  If you work in an office you will laugh your head off.  This movie focuses on everyday things we deal with in an office, from broken fax machines to  talkative co-workers.
B00004THAY|4.0|I LIKE THIS.THESE GUYS GO VERY WELL TOGETHER.WHAT MAKE THIS RELEASE GOOD IS THAT THEY ARE NOT TRYING TO OUT DUE EACH OTHER AND THEY BLEND VERY WELL.THE BEST TRACKS ARE THE LONG BLUESY ONES,THREE O CLOCK BLUES AND WHEN  MY HEART BEATS LIKE A HAMMER.I WISH CLAPTON WOULD STICK TO BLUES,BECAUSE HE  IS ONE OF THE BEST OUT THERE AT THAT.BUT WHEN HE TRYS TO PUT OUT CD`S LIKE  PILGRIM THAT HE GETS IN TROUBLE.THIS IS AS GOOD AS ANYTHING ERIC DID IN THE  90`S EXCEPT FOR THE CLASSIC FROM THE CRADLE.HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS.
B000002JSH|5.0|THIS IS THE FIRST CD I EVER HAD FROM BAD COMPANY.ALOT OF PEOPLE THINK THE FIRST CD IS THE BEST ONE THEY PUT OUT BUT I THINK IT WAS THIS ONE.PAUL RODGERS NEVER SOUNDED BETTER THAN ON THIS ONE.GREAT SONGS FEEL LIKE MAKIN  LOVE AND THE TEAR JERK CLASSIC SHOOTING STAR.BUT I DON`T THINK THERE IS A  BAD SONG ON HERE.THIS CD ROCKS MORE THAN ALOT OF BAD COMPANYS CD`S.IF YOUR  LOOKING FOR THE REAL BAD COMPANY THIS IS IT.
0060254920|5.0|My 3 year old son loves this book.  Beautifully illustrated and the winner  of the 1963 Caldecott Medal for illustration, this is a fantasy of a little  boy who is put in his room for misbehaving (a time out in modern day  language).  Max turns his room into a jungle and sails away on a ship, over  seas with fire breathing dragons and monsters, then to arrive on an island  where the wild things live.  If you are of the 20th century, you must have  seen these illustrations as they are part of our culture.  Max becomes the  king of the wild things and sees the wild things through a rumpus, where  they hang from trees and have a wonderful time.  Max decides to leave as he  misses his mother and returns to his room where his mother has left him his  supper, and it is still hot.  No need to psychoanalyze this story.  Your  kids will enjoy it.  The monsters are not scary and the story and  illustrations are terrific.  You and your kids should greatly enjoy this  story.  Highly highly recommended!
B0000062GE|4.0|A mix of gloom and doom filter thru every song.  Very good CD!  Whatever happened to them?
0399226907|5.0|We have this book in a small and large size together with anEric Carle videotape that has the story.  A young caterpillar is bornand begins to eat his way through the world and through many foods that you child will be able to identify.  These foods are eaten on each of the seven days of the week, an added bonus, as your child begins to learn that Sunday is a different day that Monday.  The caterpillar gets very fat.  He builds a cocoon and then emerges a large beautiful butterfly.  My 3 year old does not tire of this story. He learns about nature, food and the days of the week in one absolutely stunningly illustrated book.  You can't get much better than this for young children.  If you have young children, or if you are looking for a gift for a 4 year old and younger child, this book is highly, highly recommended.  Enjoy.
B00004SCX6|5.0|OK.  First let me tell you, I really like Britney's music!  I have this CD, and well, I thought that the other CD was better, but now I'm getting used to this one.  None of the songs are as good as Hit me Baby One More  Time, but some are nice.  Opps...I Did It Again, I got used to, and I  actually like it.  The only thing bad about this Cd, though, is that she  took 2 songs from famous singers, and that ruined her image to me, a bit.   But I think she sings them well.  They are:  I can't Get No Satisfaction,  and Don't Let me be the last to know.  By The Rolling Stones, Shania Twain.   But, in this CD Britney actually writes her own song!  It's not that  great, but it's a start.  Dear Diary is the name of that song.  If you like  female singers, and Britney's old Cd, then you'll like (or get used) to  this one.  SO try it out, and you actually might like it!
0399229191|5.0|I love this story of the determined spider who is blown on a fence and begins to weave her web, too busy to play with the other animals.  She catches her fly at the end.  The typical farm animals are represented and  young children will be able to identify the animals by the pictures and can  make the noises of the animals portrayed.  The web can be felt with the  fingertips, although my son was never and is still not impressed with this  feat, although his mother is.  Eric Carle is a masterful illustrator and  story teller.  If you have never read his books to young children and seen  the fascination of a 2 year old sitting and waiting for the page to be  turned, you are missing out.  He does not have one bad book.  His  illustrations are stunning.  We have a LOT of books at our house and this  one is chosen at least once a week for a bedtime story.  Highly highly  recommended.
B000002LEE|4.0|This isn't Jane's greatest album but it's probably their most &quot;alternative&quot;. I would have given the album 5 stars with songs like &quot;Had a dad&quot; (one I'm sure we all take to  personally),&quot;Up the beach&quot;,&quot;Ocean Size&quot;,&quot;Standing  in the shower...thinking&quot;(if you don't get that you shouldn't even be  listening to Jane's),&quot;Ted,just admit it...&quot;,and everything else  but &quot;Idiot's rule&quot;. Which brings me to this. I love everything  Jane's Addiction does even if it annoys me. I understand &quot;Idiots  rule&quot; and what they are saying but I just can't stand it. That's why  Jane's is such a great band. Because they don't care if there's something  you don't like about what they do because they do it for themselves and for  what they are trying to say.
0805047905|5.0|This was the second book (Tana Hoban's black and white book was the first) that I read to my son when he was a few months old and read it again and again.  He was fascinated by the bright pictures in the book and the  rhythmic language.  Brown Bear brown bear, what do you see?  I see a _____  looking at me... As he began to recognize animals and moo like a cow and  quack like a duck, the pictures began to take shape for him and he would  recognize them for what they were drawn to be.  Mr. Carle writes and  illustrates wonderful books.  My son who is now 3, close to 4, still enjoys  the book and he can now easily anticipate which animal is on the next page.  I have this book in the board book style and when my son began to  &quot;read&quot; for himself, this was one of the books he would frequently  reach for.  Highly, highly recommended!
0062502182|5.0|I found The Alchemist to be a wonderful tale on pursuing one's dreams.  Coelho shows how easy it is to give up ever attaining one's dreams due to complacency - or not wanting to move out of one's comfort zone.  \\"People  are afraid to pursue their most important dreams, because they feel that  they don't deserve them, or that they'll be unable to achieve them.\\"  Another endearing quote from the book, \\"There is only one thing that makes  a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.\\"  Yet Santiago does  want to pursue his dream of finding his treasure and yes, at times we see  and feel his fear, but along his journey, he has learned to listen to his  heart and to trust what his heart teaches him.<br />\\"When a person really  desires something all the universe conspires to help that person to realize  his dream.\\"  Throughout the book, we see \\"omens\\" appearing in Santiago's  path, leading him to his dream.  Instead of ignoring these wonderful omens,  Santiago listens, observes, and follows the guidance set forth from his  heart.  He faces his fears, faces his demons, and he learns to trust.  He  is constantly tested along the way, yet he continues to listen to the  murmurings of his heart, which are never wrong. Santiago learns about love  along the way and helps others to face their fears as well.  Coelho states,  \\"And that's where the power of love comes in.  Because when we love, we  always strive to become better than we are.\\"<br />Some may see this fable as  contrite, or overworked or too new age for their tastes.  I disagree and  loved the messages that this book imparted, interwoven in the tale of the  desert, The Alchemist, and Santiago.  This book, I found, imparted to me  numerous jewels of wisdom.  I was captured and absorbed into the tale and  found myself relating to the fears, but I completely understood the message  of following one's dreams, listening to one's heart, trusting, loving and  learning to let go of fear.  \\"Listen to your heart.  It knows all things,  because it came from the Soul of the World, and it will one day return  there.  Wherever your heart is, that is where you'll find your treasure.  Your heart is alive.  Keep listening to what it has to say.\\"  The Alchemist  imparts these words of wisdom to Santiago when Santiago begins to doubt and  question.<br />\\"Everyone on earth has treasure that awaits him,\\" his heart  said. \\"We, people's hearts, seldom say much about those treasures, because  people no longer want to go in search of them.  We speak of them only to  children.  Later we simply let life proceed, in its own direction, toward  its own fate. But, unfortunately, very few follow the path laid out for  them - the path to their destinies, and to happiness.  Most people see the  world as a threatening place, and, because they do, the world turns out,  indeed, to be a threatening place. So we, their hearts, speak more and more  softly.  We never stop speaking out . . \\"<br />This tale is inspiring,  imaginative, and captivating.  Santiago grows throughout the story and in  the end, even though he was tested severely, he preserved and obtained his  treasure by following his dream.  We only limit ourselves - only we place  limitations on us, as the universe conspires to aid us in all  directions.<br />I highly recommend this book and since this is the second  book I have read by Coelho, I now need to read them all!  These words speak  to my heart!s all things,  because it came from the Soul of the World, and it will one day return  there.  Wherever your heart is, that is where you'll find your treasure.   Your heart is alive.  Keep listening to what it has to say.\\"  The Alchemist  imparts these words of wisdom to Santiago when Santiago begins to doubt and  question.<br />\\"Everyone on earth has treasure that awaits him,\\" his heart  said. \\"We, people's hearts, seldom say much about those treasures, because  people no longer want to go in search of them.  We speak of them only to  children.  Later we simply let life proceed, in its own direction, toward  its own fate. But, unfortunately, very few follow the path laid out for  them - the path to their destinies, and to happiness.  Most people see the  world as a threatening place, and, because they do, the world turns out,  indeed, to be a threatening place. So we, their hearts, speak more and more  softly.  We never stop speaking out . . \\"<br />This tale is inspiring,  imaginative, and captivating.  Santiago grows throughout the story and in  the end, even though he was tested severely, he preserved and obtained his  treasure by following his dream.  We only limit ourselves - only we place  limitations on us, as the universe conspires to aid us in all  directions.<br />I highly recommend this book and since this is the second  book I have read by Coelho, I now need to read them all!  These words speak  to my heart!
0152023984|5.0|The Little Prince is a classic children's story that will stick with you your entire life.  This allegory explores, beauty, love, fear and dreams in the simplest terms, yet takes them to the deepest chambers of our hearts  and souls.  Antoine d'Exupery's book is beautiful in its original French  format and remains true to the tale in this English translation.  Read it  again and again throughout the stages of your life.
B00004U30D|5.0|Have you ever said to yourself, &quot;My life seems so boring.  I don't know what the point is anymore?&quot;  I know you have, because at one point or another, everyone has.  This film gives an incredible insight into  the &quot;average American family.&quot;  <br />From the midlife crisis father  (played incredibly by Kevin Spacey, I might add)  to the power driven  mother, the rebellious daughter, the innocent friend who wants to be a  woman before her time, the new neighbors next door who don't quite seem  normal...who doesn't know these people?  These everyday characters are  brought on a journey, an piece of everyday life for most people in some  aspects, but while looking in on them one can find startling  revilations.<br />It begins with the faintest of hints, in the begining of the  film, with a small sign on Lester's (Spacey's) desk at work, which reads  &quot;Look Closer.&quot;  If someone were to ask me what the point of the  film is, that is it.  Look closer.  This theme is played out throughout the  film.<br />The new boy next door exposes Jane to the beauty in the little  things, things that we, as a society, take for granted every day.  He also  awakens Lester, pulls him out of his every day slump, with the help of  Jane's cheerleader friend of course.<br />Ahh..the cheerleader friend.  Some  may say that this display of a married man lusting toward a teenage girl is  disgusting.  I disagree..the display was needed in the film to portray the  loss of innocence of a girl, something that happens too much in our  society, the refinding of innocence of a man.  <br />Glancing at this family  and their lives, we might say that they are boring, typical; and so we all  are.  But upon closer inspection we see that it's the little things that  make them special, the little things that make life worth living.  As  simple as a plastic bag blowing in the wind, life is a beautiful thing.   <br />This film is a beautiful and inspiring work, for me along with othersI  know.  Open your mind and look past the ovious, to find something  beautiful.  Look closer.
B000002A3T|4.0|We all know that he was Pink Floyd lyricist. At that he was brilliant. But as a bass player he stank. Maybe it wasn't his fault, Rick Wright said Waters is tone-deaf. But remember, Pink Floyd's greatest music came from  Gilmour/Wright/Mason not Waters. It was Roger's lyrics + the other 3 guys  music that made it legendary. I agree that post-Waters Floyd is a dumber  version of itself.
B000002UJQ|5.0|The best music takes time to get to know and that is true of this record.  However, I recall seeing a friend of mine at a gig a week after OK Computer came out and we were both raving &quot;Album of the Year.&quot;  Regardless  of what the adolescent minds at Spin say, Radiohead do not take on techno(a  style of music), but have crafted an album about their fear of  technology(btw, Spin hacks, U2 was incorporating techno music into their  sound and you gave POP a 9 of 10 in your review).  The point I'm trying to  make here is that we do not need to diss other bands in order to uplift  Radiohead.  Their music stands on its own.  However, we definitely need to  insult professional music critics as they consistently beg for it.  From  the opening, jet propelled riff of &quot;Airbag&quot; to the albums closer  &quot;The Tourist&quot;, Radiohead leaves no room for throwaway songs.  In  between lies some of the most gorgeous, sad, yet hopeful sounds you may  ever hear.  Thom Yorke's haunting, gilded voice is another instrument in  this glorious wall of sound.  &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; is an epic  comparable to Slint's &quot;Good Morning Captain.&quot;  &quot;Subterranean  Homesick Alien&quot; shimmers while &quot;Exit Music&quot; swoons and  seduces.  Then  &quot;Let Down&quot; follows, still giving me chills by the  third verse where Thom is harmonizing with himself.  &quot;Karma  Police&quot;, &quot;No Surprises&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot; are also  outstanding.  Even lesser tracks like &quot;Electioneering&quot; have their  merits.  Its a guitar raving rocker with a political slant and a guitar  loop that reminds me of the Beatles &quot;Daytripper.&quot;   In all, one  of the top 3 records of the decade and one that no music collection is  complete without.
078062999X|5.0|Branagh again excels at bringing Shakespeare to life so that it is easily understood.  The torment Hamlet suffers over the right course of action is superbly portrayed as a timeless theme.  The sets are beautiful, and varied  enough that time passes quickly.  For those who cannot imagine sitting for  four hours, I watched two hours one evening, and two the next.  The screen  even says &quot;Intermission&quot;.  It was fun to see so many familiar  actors in one film.  Billy Crystal was wonderful as the gravedigger.  I  rented this movie on VHS and would buy it on VHS widescreen if I didn't own  a DVD player.  Please, please release this on DVD in widescreen format.   I'm sure there are many others who feel this way in addition to the few of  us who took the time to write reviews.  This is one of the &quot;must  own&quot; classics for any video library collection.
0425170349|4.0|This is the first Clancy book I've read and I really enjoyed it.  The action was non-stop and the story was very engaging.  I especially liked the way Clancy details the battle scenes.  Even though the vividness may  seem gruesome it makes the action seem real.  One beef though is that  Clancy backs off on detailing the battle episodes as the book moves on.  It  almost seems like Clancy felt the book was getting to long so he cut down  on the description.  All in all this being my first Clancy book, I will  probably eventually read the rest of them.  If you like stories about  covert government or paramilitary action this book is an excellent read.
B00003CXGG|3.0|Jet Li is a prolific Martial Artist.  However, I don't see him teaching English in an American university.  Likewise, American director don't need to make eastern style Martial Arts films.  It's just not what we do well  here.  It's a decent script, good action, bad wire work on some of the  stunts.  They tried to go over the top with the action and effects.   Typical Hollywood.  Hong Kong stars don't need that kind of excess, they  have talent.
B000002HGD|5.0|After purchasing my first Moby album (Play), and attending a fantastic concert, I wasn't sure which of the numerous Moby albums to get!  Luckily, I chose this one.  This album has two tones.  The first (1-7) songs have  faster beats, and are more dance-oriented.  The last (8-13) are slower,  much more introspective tracks.<br />1-&quot;Hymn&quot;- A nice opening song,  neo-classical, fairly short (3 minutes).<br />2-&quot;Feeling So Real&quot;-  You can't help but move to this song!  Sweet synth, catchy vocals, and a  great underlying beat.  If you like this song, try the Westbam  Remix! <br />3-&quot;All That I Need Is To Be Loved&quot;- More on the rock  side, scratchy guitars and Moby's classic scream/singing lyrics!  A  refreshing change from the rest of the album.<br />4-&quot;Let's Go  Free&quot;- A thirty-seven second \\"song.\\"  I skip this  song.<br />5-&quot;Everytime You Touch Me&quot;- A great dance song, with a  touch of reggae.  The singer has a fantastic voice.  \\"Everytime. . .\\" is  similar to \\"Feeling So Real.\\"<br />6-&quot;Bring Back My Happiness&quot;-  Piano, synth, a throbbing beat and (should I say it again?), fantastic  vocals.  This is the fastest song on the cd, and a favorite of  mine.<br />7-&quot;What Love&quot;- Starts out bluesy, then breaks into a fast  rock-genre song.  The lyrics are screamed and just great!<br />8-&quot;First  Cool Hive&quot;- The first song of the \\"second set.\\"  (The word FIRST is in  the title, I wonder if this is coincidental?)  Hummed vocals, and a feeling  almost similar to \\"Porcelain\\" from Play.<br />9-&quot;Into The Blue&quot;- A  female vocalist whom evokes a sense of deja-vu for me.  A sweet song, but  not one of my favorites. 10-&quot;Anthem&quot;- This track somewhat is a  blend of the first and second set.  A quick pace, but vocals similar to the  slower tracks.  Creepy children voices at about the minute and a half  mark.<br />11-&quot;Everything is Wrong&quot;- Piano, perfectly framed by  synth.  An extremely sad song.  It has nearly brought me to tears at times.   Beautiful, but depressing.<br />12-&quot;God Moving Over The Face Of The  Waters&quot;- My personal favorite.  Neo-classical, with piano.  It truly  does remind you of water dropping, or waves cresting and falling.  Just try  to listen to this, watch the rain out your window and NOT be completely  mesmerized!<br />13-&quot;When It's Cold, I'd Like to Die&quot;- The female  singer from  \\"Into The Blue,\\" is on this track also.  It's interesting how  both this album and Play both end with a slow song, similar in feel.<br />All  in all, this is an absolutely wonderful cd.  At first I didn't like the  almost abrupt change from the dance songs to the slower tracks.  But after  listening to \\"Everything Is Wrong\\" almost non-stop this weekend, I have  gained a new respect and appreciation for Moby as not so mucha  musician,  but an artist.  This album is worth it's weight in gold.
B0000039PW|5.0|Wow!   I have never heard the album.. Its awesome!   Oh and I disagree.. Doggystyle was better then the Chronic!
B0000028SR|5.0|MILAU@msn.com- What album are you talking about?  Human Touch is masterful and stands on its own as a classic album.
0060392584|5.0|This is one of those books i couldn't put down. It's interesting to see how he became the interesting, thought (and hate) provoking man he is today. Very, very good book. Highly recommended.
B00000IPGT|5.0|This spoof of Christianity is one of the funniest films ever made. When it was introduced, it stirred up a great deal of controversy from the Church for good reason. The blasphemous, though really innocent and funny outakes  of the life of Jesus Christ are paralleled throughout. The films central  character Brian gets caught up in and mistaken for the Christ/messiah and  the antics throughout will have you splitting your sides. It's even funnier  if you grew up in a Christian atmosphere, particularly Catholicism, and  later challenged the religious beliefs that are forced upon society. Leave  it to Monty Python to always be outrageous and hilarious. A must have for  Python fans and anyone who likes religious satire.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|After beiing an a-ha fan since they broke through on the Norweigan Brodcastchannel in 1984, I would say this is a pretty decent album, not the best, but pretty close. MEMS ranks up with Memorial beach in the sound and  bass rythm, with a Morten almost on top. By that I mean Morten's voice has  been better on his solo albums- clear and up where he should be. A few  really good songs, and the rest is well produced, but should have been  remastered one more time. An album not only for fans, but easy listening  for everyone. Highlights: Velvet, Thought that it was you, Summer moved on  and MEMS.
B00004TDRD|3.0|Not much more needs to be said about JAWS, perhaps Spielberg's best action film of all time.  I love this movie; that's why I'm so disappointed that Universal is only offering the nifty Anniversary edition in Pan and Scan.  Where is the widescreen tape version?  I know that the DVD is widescreen,  but I buy movies for the video store I work at, and many of our customers  don't have DVD yet.  Universal has even taken the old widescreen VHS  version off the market.  This is a shame, because this movie really  deserves the widescreen treatment. Rent and Enjoy the film and the cool  extras, but wait to buy a widescreen version when it comes along.
B000000XCF|5.0|This is probably the best no greatesyt hits album in Creedence's career.  Features great tracks such as &quot;It Came out of the Sky&quot;, and &quot;Fortunate Son&quot;, a great buy.
B00001PE4D|4.0|This movie is great for teenagers and is also great for adults to. You have to see this movie to figure it out for yourself!
B000025SUE|5.0|I have had the good fortune to see a video based around the music on this CD, and I must say the music stands for itself. Here is Chet dipping into several not-too-often-heard standards; Everything Happens To Me, Moon And  Sand, My One And Only Love among others, his very human -sounding tenor  voice speaks in a way that touches everyone. He sounds like anyone singing  to himself. His minimalist trumpet style compliments his vocals beautifully  on this recording. And listen to Daydream and tell me you don't want to go  lie in a field somewhere and watch the clouds. He wanders into a Bossa Nova  mood with Zingaro and then breaks your heart with Blame It On My Youth.  It's easy to tell that this is one of Chet's &quot;toothless&quot;  recordings, which makes it even more of an emotional journey. One is  reminded throughout of his debilitating state and his dogged ability to  turn it into simple yet incredibly moving music. The CD ends with Almost  Blue and the music practically evaporates in the last phrase. I believe  this is perhaps the best Chet Baker recording available. It manages to  combine his brilliant instrumental choices, his almost-painfully intimate  vocals and a sense of where Baker was in his life at that time. I highly  recommend it to both the jazz afficianado and the Chet Baker enthusiast.
B00000C35W|5.0|THIS IS THE BesT SINGLE EVER A MUST HAVE
0380796090|5.0|I loved this book!  It was a pleasure to read, light and enjoyable.  The main character is a very successful representation of &quot;everywoman&quot;.  You won't be able to put this one down and the  minute you finish you'll be looking for her next novel.
6305910103|5.0|With the sole exception of Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home, Paramount has been notoriously skimpy in providing any special DVD features in Star Trek releases.  And in some respects, why should they -- after all, we're just  dumb Star Trek fans who will buy whatever they put out, regardless of the  quality.<br />I had hoped that for Star Trek II: The Wrath of Kahn, perhaps  the best of all the Star Trek movies, and certainly the most exciting and  visually stimulating, Paramount would have looked beyond the balance sheet  and issued something that they could be proud of and fans would snatch  up.<br />But I guess since this is the best of all the Star Trek movies, they  felt even less reason to give us something extra.  Thanks for nothing  Paramount -- great way to engender bad feelings towards a movie studio.
6303477259|5.0|I have seen the band twice since Roger's departure and own both videos.  By far, this is the better of the two.  The music is great and the visuals are excelent.  I just wished the DVD version would come out soon; I cannot  wait.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt piles on so many examples of the overwhelming poverty he experienced during his childhood that I almost put down the book in despair after reading just forty pages. I'm glad that I didn't.<br />Despite the  misery of his childhood, McCourt's memoir includes a number of lively and  humorous vignettes. Two of my favorites are his the account of his attempts  at Irish dancing, and the hilarious description of Frank's ill-fated first  Communion. <br />Nevertheless, McCourt does not mask his anger at the  institutions that failed him and his dyfunctional family. School teachers  (with one exception) were uninspiring, church people shut the door in his  face or expected the poor to grovel for handouts, government officials  lacked empathy. <br />McCourt doesn't fall into the trap of  over-generalization, though. Most people, despite their flaws, have their  redeeming qualities in McCourt's account. Most notably, his hard-drinking,  criminally irresponsible father also told beautiful stories, regaling Frank  with tales of Irish heroes. No hero himself, McCourt's father passed his  gift for telling an enthralling story to his son.
B00003CX6P|4.0|This is one of the most visually stunning films that I have seen in a while. Except for a brief opening segment set in New York, the remainder of the film takes place in Italy and Venice. Not since David Lean's  &quot;Summertime&quot; has a film been so beautifully presented. That said,  it does suffer from some flaws when it comes to plot and editing. First of  all, it is way too long and should have clocked in under 2 hours instead of  a meandering 2 hrs, 20 minutes. But the major flaw is the casting and  development of Ripley's character. Matt Damon is physically wrong for the  part, and while he does a commendable job, if you have read the book,  Damon's casting will gnaw at you. An actor such as Jack Davenport (who  plays Peter) would fit the character of Ripley better. The biggest downfall  of the film, however, is Ripley's character development. He simply doesn't  gel. In the book, Ripley is a cold and calculating man who cleverly plots  his actions - in the film, Ripley seems to fall accidentally into his  misdeeds. Tom Ripley would not hesitate to apologize for clobbering Dickie  with a boat paddle - he would do it until the deed was done. Artistically,  this is a beautifully crafted film with some excellent performances but it  could have been much better had the writers made up their mind about how  Ripley was going to be portrayed.
0790731002|2.0|When I talk to my friends about the &quot;Batman&quot; movies, and if they like &quot;Batman Forever&quot; or not, it comes out as either they like it or they don't. This is not my favorite &quot;Batman&quot; movie. Mine is  probably the first one, this one comes off as some sort of Jim Carrey wanna  be movie in the realm of &quot;Ace Ventura&quot;. Why? Well, casting is  okay, Tommy Lee Jones and Nichole Kidman portray their characters well. Val  Kilmer looks too much the playboy to be a good Batman. A lot of the  &quot;Dark&quot; in &quot;Dark Knight&quot; was lost in this movie. I'm a  Batman fan, but I wasn't suffering because we had gone 2 movies and hadn't  seen Robin. Not that Chris O'Donnell was bad, but Batman had Robin as a  sidekick, not a partner because Batman is a very seperated and dark  character, even from his butler Alfred (Also, I love Alfred in all of the  movies, he's kinda like the Q in the James Bond movies). Maybe that is why  he can't hold down a relationship. The parts where we try to get into  Batman's problems comes off as corney because Batman doesn't seem to be  strugeling with anything in himself, he's just trying to tell Nichole  Kidman that he's Batman.<br />Above all else, Jim Carrey stole the show and  that is why a majority of people went to see the movie. Plus everything is  just too flashy and neon colored to give the sense of darkness that Tim  Burton's Gotham gave off and is in the comic books.<br />After this movie, I  need a shower to clean off the dirty sticky feeling that it gives. I hoped  that the movie following this would be better... but that was the hope  beyond hope.
0767903854|3.0|Having enjoyed some of Bryson's previous work immensely, I really looked forward to this book.  And at first it seemed a winner; a couple in a restaurant came over to ask what I was reading that had me almost laughing  out loud.<br />It was only as I got further into the book that I began to  wonder.  If Bryson loves the place so, and he repeats that statement ad  nauseum, why does he seem to feel the need to immediately tell some  extremely unflattering story or incident thereafter?  It's as if he feels  the modern country with all its laudable features happened by luck or  accident, certainly not through the efforts of the Australians themselves,  rather in spite of their fumblings and mistakes.<br />The section on the  Aborigines was one of the best in the book, but before and after that, they  seem to recede into the shadows of the story.  <br />And while sometimes  almost hysterically funny(best line in the entire book actually comes from  his friend Allan Sherwin, after a near-death experience with a passing car  on the road to Alice Springs), he often seems like he is pushing just a bit  too hard to sound clever.<br />At more than one point he goes into natural  history overload, and throughout seems inordinately preoccupied with the  chances of being bitten,maimed or just generally hurt/killed by the  flora/fauna/natura of the place, sort of an expectant  hypochondriac-in-waiting.<br />Still,you can't fault the obvious depth and  breadth of his research, and some of the sections are totally absorbing,  providing a compact education on a place few of us know well, though why we  should have known more is beyond me. Most Americans know near-to-nothing  about either of our own neighbors, Canada &amp; Mexico; we should be  exam-ready on Australia?<br />I'm glad I read it, and I don't really regret  buying it, but sort of wish I could have borrowed it instead. It was that  good.
B00004THAY|4.0|I've been hitting the repeat button on this CD since I've gotten it. Two legends for the price of one!
6302579295|5.0|With a star-studded cast and orchestra led by Levine, what could one ask more for? Battle is truly ravishing, both in looks and voice, Araiza however, slightly harsh in tone and dull in acting. Moll, Hemm and Serra  are real treats! A must-have in terms of both singing and staging!
B000000H57|5.0|This album is the best that I've seen in ages.  Yeah its a little old and I just got it but I love the songs.  &quot;Love you to Death&quot; is a song that gives me chill bumps.  Even though I had never heard of Type O  before I got the Carrie 2 Soundtrack, I fell in love with &quot;Die with  Me&quot;.  Anywho this is a great cd and I reccomend it greatly!
B000002HRE|3.0|In 1997, Metallica released RELOAD.  Most of the people have either said that it is a great album or a terrible album.  I disagree with both of these groups.  Yes, the band has changed their image, yes they have changed  their music, but NO BAND has ever stayed the same after recording for 14  years.  The only band that has done anything CLOSE is AC/DC, and although I  love them, they have gotten BORING and PREDICTABLE over the past few years.   Metallica did what they HAD to do.  However, I don't think they should  have put the songs on LOAD and RELOAD across 2 albums.  If they would have  put the best songs on one album, it would have been a decent album.  There are some good songs on this record.  Fuel, Memory Remains (although it  took me time to get used to it) Unforgiven II, and Prince Charming.   However there are many songs that make Metallica sounding tired like  \\"Better than You\\" \\"Bad Seed\\" \\"Low Man's  Lyric\\".  Despite some of the boring filler, there are still some decent songs on this album, and it might be worth picking up.
6305910103|5.0|&quot;The Wrath of Khan&quot;, which was made for a fraction of what its' predecessor (&quot;The Motion Picture&quot;) cost, is a far better film in every respect. In fact, it's the best Trek film of all time, hands  down.<br />&quot;Khan&quot; is packed with fast-paced action, terrific visual  effects, good humor, and one of the best sci-fi villians of all time.  <br />Where do you start? William Shatner has his histrionics down to a  science as Kirk (&quot;KHAAAAAN! KHAAAAAAN!), and the interplay between him  and the other members of the &quot;Trek trio&quot; - McCoy and Spock - is  nothing short of delightful. But Shatner gets to play a rare scene that  doesn't involve overacting in the &quot;Spock death&quot; sequence, which  is actually quite touching, especially to Trekkers.<br />But the scene stealer  in &quot;Khan&quot; is none other than Ricardo Montalban. His over-the-top  turn as the genetically-enhanced, Melville-quoting, super-intelligent,  certifiably loony Khan is terrific - so good, in fact, that Khan remains a  touchstone sci-fi villain to this day.<br />The film does have flaws. While  the &quot;exterior&quot; special effects are outstanding, some of the  interior sets are incredibly cheesy - particularly the &quot;chamber&quot;  where Spock dies, which features multi-colored disco lights in the ceiling  and floor. And I always found myself wondering why Kirk couldn't just blow  up the Reliant to stop the Genesis device - is it impervious to photon  torpedoes?<br />Those nitpicks aside, &quot;Khan&quot; is a terrific film and  it's great fun. If you're new to the Trek universe, make this your first  home video purchase. You will not be disappointed.
0553208845|5.0|I could not put this book down. I read it from cover to cover and when I was finished, I felt like I had reached the state of Nirvana. I felt that I was in peace with the whole world. Each receptor in my brain passed this  peace to the next synaptic nerve and my brain was numbed with wisdom. After  reading the book, I felt like I was allowed into the realm of the holy. I  thought to myself, &quot;Since I know the secret of attaining peace for  myself, what else is there? What more can knowledge and books give to me  when I have gained wisdom?.&quot; In fact, for the rest of the day, I did  nothing, completely absorbing the feeling of euphoria that the book had  bestowed on me.<br />The book was a quick read and the style was simple and  direct. There was nothing superflous in this book. I felt that I was  Siddhartha and this book recounted my spiritual journey. After reading this  book, I felt like I never had to read another thing in my life, that all my  questions were answered and that I would soon walk the ladder to heaven. I  felt that someone had told a secret to me and that I was forever calmed  because of it.<br />I also liked that the book touched on the philosophies of  Nietzche. Many of the ideas of Thus Spoke Zarathrustra, such as eternal  recurrence, are given. Siddhartha was one way to better understand  Nietzche, and therefore is an ideal book for philosophy students to use as  an accompaniment while reading Nietzche.<br />The book is for the philospher  and non-philosopher alike-basically it is for anyone who wishes to discover  the innerpeace harbored within themselves. It is for those who cannot  follow the teachings of another and and are driven to find the meaning of  life for themselves.<br /> I cannot recommend this book enough.
B0000029AP|3.0|I'll admit that this is a good album, but not one I normallychose when I decide to listen to Aerosmith.  Sure it features manywell-known songs, but if I never hear &quot;Walk This Way&quot; again, I can't say that I'll miss it.  The songs are good, sometimes great (&quot;No More No More,&quot; &quot;Sweet Emotion,&quot; &quot;Uncle Salty,&quot; and &quot;Adam's Apple,&quot;) but the cover song is lame albeit popular, and there is that Run DMC song on here as well...  Buy it for &quot;No More No More&quot; if nothing else and know that &quot;You See Me Crying,&quot; while it is their first true ballad, is also the only good one.  On second thought, buy &quot;Get Your Wings&quot; instead.
B000002HH2|4.0|Bjork is simply one of the most creative women in modern music. Although POST is not my fav album from this Iceland beauty, it's the one that introduced me to what she can really accomplish. Army of Me is terrific,  only put aside by Enjoy. Hyper-ballad is a sweet song with killer lyrics. I  wonder how she comes up with those ideas. Buy POST, it's an album that you  MUST have to own a complete 90s collection. Electronic music, come up with  a cute twist from this woman's rip-your-heart-apart voice
B00001OH7T|4.0|Ahhh...I don't know where to start. There's a lot of great saxophone on this album and it's very uniquely Bowie. Before this, he did Diamond Dogs and that was inspired by my favorite book, 1984. Before Diamond Dogs was  Pin Ups, which contains nothing but covers. Aladdin Sane and the Ziggy  Stardust album was when David toured and undertook the persona of Ziggy  Stardust. There's no concept, persona, or inspiration from other sources  here, it's just great original music by Bowie D. &quot;Win&quot; is an  amazing ballad and I love &quot;Fascination&quot;. This is an essential and  original recording by David and I really enjoy it.
B0000025T6|5.0|There is a saying that Orson Welles directed the greatest &quot;A&quot; movie of all time as well as the greatest &quot;B&quot; movie as well.  These movies are Citizen Kane and Touch of Evil, in that order.<br />What does  this have to do with Bruce?  Well, if you consider an &quot;A&quot; album a  big blow out rock album, than Bruce recorded the best one ever.  (I  personally am referring to Born to Run, but if you like Born in the USA,  that qualifies also).  And while Born to Run was a giant celebration of the  possibilities of a rock band, &quot;Nebraska&quot; sees Bruce going into  decidedly different domain.<br />Nebraska in this regard is considered a  &quot;B&quot; album.   Its decidedly low budget (the tape player it was  recorded on costs about 200 dollars nowadays-you can try it too!).  It was  recorded in his own room.  There are mistakes that polished albums don't  have (lyrics that aren't polished-the same line appears more than once,  etc.) yet the feel of an intense and passionate session will grip you.<br />I  personally feel this is Bruce's best work-Tunnel of Love somewhat combines  this and Born to Run with excellent results as well, but if you turn the  light down and the volume up and you have questions about love, life,  society or anything else in your mind, you'll feel perfectly home in  nebraska, no matter where you're from.<br />It's bleak-and that's a good  thing.
B000002TQV|5.0|This album is all about guitars. Jonny Greenwood's amazing experimentation and Thom Yorke's completely unique vocals are a combination made in heaven. And &quot;The Bends&quot;, the result, is far more satisfying and musically  mature than &quot;Pablo Honey&quot; (although its follow-up, &quot;OK  Computer&quot; is even better). That they went on to write OK Computer is  proof of Radiohead's versatility. This is one of the true classics of the  90's - I recommend it highly. Anybody who has a slight alternative/art-rock  slant should enjoy this as much as I do. This album, combined with OKC,  shows that Radiohead is the greatest band still putting out music.
B000002KH3|2.0|When this album first came out, I picked up the 8-track and took it home.  Liking what I heard, it soon became part of my regular rotation. It was the quintessential stoner party album...lots of volume, silly macho songs, and  plenty of fleet fingered guitar work.  Unfortunately, the interest in this  group and this, their best effort, faded like so much pot smoke wafting out  of the bong.   They followed this up with their second effort, and by that  time the canonization of Edward Van Halen had begun in earnest.  Let me get  this out of the way right off the bat:  Edward Van Halen's playing is self  indulgent, soulless, and seems to be defined by the &quot;more means  better&quot; philosophy he helped pioneer.  He is furthermore solely  responsible for the hair band genre of hard rock, didn't &quot;invent&quot;  anything (the hammer-on technique was being used way before this guy  popularized it), and the only thing larger than his ego is his legion of  sycophants and wannabes.  Give me Jeff Beck over this egomaniac anyday.   That said, the album isn't too bad, but sadly Van Halen suffered from what  Guns N'Roses suffered from later - too many egos not enough room.  David  Lee Roth, before he became a balding uber dork, was a Las Vegas lounge  singer turned rock and roll front man.  Nevertheless, he had some serious  pipes and could belt out an octave scampering vocal duty that would shame  Mariah Carey.  The problem with this album and the poorer follow-ups is  that Van Halen all too often tried to substitute pyrotechnics for good old  songwriting craft.  Their seeming contempt for the consumer became more and  more evident as time went on, releasing albums which had no further  foresight than thirty seconds before the tape began rolling.  This  recording atmosphere produces the kind of drivel that exists on all of  their albums, culminating perhaps in Diver Down.  No doubt the air  guitarist union will dislike this review, but the fact is Van Halen never  reallyput it all together.  For my buck, give me Aerosmith, Black Sabbath,  Kiss, Ted Nugent, Alice Cooper, AC/DC, or a half a dozen other rock acts to  listen to before you put on Van Halen.
B00004TLMC|5.0|I am a big fan of Stanley Kubrick. He was one of those directors that can really take on any subject and treat it in an astonishing way, and make a cult classic from it. The point with EWS was that publicity for the film  went over the top, and snobs and losers that didn't knew a thing about  Kubrick were interested in his new movie just because he died. Eyes Wide  Shut is such a beautiful movie. It's a masterpiece. The orgy scene is one  of cinema's most beautiful and overwhelming moments ever. It was like  wacthing a painting from Breughel or something. If you're a close minded,  popcorn eating movie goer, then it won't appeal to you. I love all sorts of  movies, and this one is a caress for your senses. What an exquisite movie  Kubrick has made. It was a shame to lose him.
B00001OH7O|5.0|I listen to this one very frequently, so that shows that the music is truly brilliant and timeless. The music is simple (like Space Oddity), so it is a bit of a change from The Man Who Sold the World which came before  it. Lyrically, &quot;Eight Line Poem&quot; is probably the best song that  David has written....very poetic and intriguing. &quot;The Bewlay  Brothers&quot; is probably the most gloomy song that David has written.  Lots of emotions expressed on this album. As you all probably know,  &quot;Changes&quot; is a classic, and it is indeed a great song, one of my  favorites from the album. If you're a new fan, this might be a good first  album to buy. This is a must-have for anyone who is remotely interested in  Bowie. It is very amazing and I know that I'm basically saying the same  stuff over and over, but that's because words can't describe this  masterpiece.
B00004TDTO|4.0|I recently purchased the Spielberg classic 1975 film Jaws, on DVD. And I must say, I was excited to see this film finally digitally, I say I was excited until I listened very closely to the sound effects. The film is  crisp and clear, and letterboxed the way it should be, but certain sound  effects are not the way they were or should be. I compared the DVD with the  THX VHS version and I must say for the sound go with the THX VHS version.  If you are obsessed with the theatrical trailers, documentary, or behind  the scenes footage(as I am) and you dont mind listening to some of the new  sound effects created for this, go with the DVD. I myself have had a hard  time finding the THX, version in stores lately. When is Universal going to  realize that they should leave well enough alone when it comes to sound  effects in their DVD's. Now for the film review, As we all know, this film  opens wonderfully underwater with John Williams spooky score done  brilliantly. The small island town of Amity is being threatened to do no  summer business because their beaches are being haunted by a giant killer  great white shark. Of course after a few deaths, one being the opening  attack and devouring of a cute female swimmer, and the other being a water  loving little boy, the towns chief played wonderfully by Roy Scheider wants  something to be done, mainly close the beaches and hire someone to kill the  beast. The towns greedy mayor and other higher ups dont feel the shark is a  problem and hesitantly decide to only close the beaches for 24 hours. Of  course after the shark reappears and kills a few more the chief decided to  hire Quint who is a little crazy to go and kill the monster, but not alone  as he decides to go along on the mission along with the wonderful shark  expert played to perfection by Richard Dreyfuss. The films chase scenes  between the men and the shark are done expertly and professionally. And we  generally feel at one point as if the shark has won, leaving the ending to  be truly explosive. Spielberg knows how to direct a great cast and this  film will leave you thinking twice about returning to the water trust me...
B00003CWTH|5.0|Magnolia slowly became my favorite film of last year. In the theater, I was transfixed - barely taking my eyes of the screen, and, despite the length, never looking at my watch. The characters are not particularly  likable, most had serious flaws that would make them difficult to actually  know in life but by the end of the film it becomes more clear where these  flaws came from. Aimee Mann's music is the perfect backdrop to the film;  her lyrics fit beautifully. <br />As I left the theater, I could not decide  about Magnolia. I was completely caught up in the movie. Anderson handles  all of his many characters deftly. The action moves seamlessly from one to  another. And I simply could not get this movie out of my mind after seeing  it. I thought about the images, the characters, the songs for days. And I  decided that isn't that what a good movie should do, draw us in and make us  think? Magnolia does not make us feel good, but it does make us feel and  that's something.
1558820108|4.0|This is a strange novel.  I can point out a lot of defects of this novel; the style is old-fashioned and too figurative; the story is also old-fashioned; the plot is easy and crude. Nevertheless, I LIKE THIS NOVEL.   It has some inexplainable charm that fascinates me.  It may be partly  because of a charm of the hero, Simon Templar, alias the Saint.<br />I didn't  know this &quot;Knight Templar (alias The Avenging Saint)&quot; was a  continuation to &quot;The Last Hero&quot;.  I will read the previous story,  too.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|There are not enough superlatives to do justice to London Calling.  When this came out in 1980,  The Clash were truly hitting on all their creative cylinders. From the apocalyptic urgency of &quot;London Calling&quot; to  the 60's soul of the hit &quot;Train In Vain,&quot;  former Mott the Hoople  producer Guy Stevens helped Joe Strummer and Mick Jones gain the confidence  to attempt different musical styles without losing the anger-factor of  their first two LP's.  Check out the almost taboo subject matter of male  sexual responsibility in &quot;Lover's Rock,&quot; and the celebritory but  melancholly social pathos of &quot;Rudie Can't Fail.&quot;  Songwriting  just doesn't get this good very often, and as we see with their Sandinesta  LP a year later, it doesn't last.  Oh well, I guess it's a heavy burden  being &quot;The only band that matters.&quot;
0451191153|5.0|There is so much in this book that will make you think in ways you have never thought. At first I didn't think I would make it, it's a long book, but once you're into it there is no turning back you are just overpowered  by the strength of the characters and the ideas expressed so perfectly  through them. I was constantly thinking about myself and those around me as  I read this book. It's characters are so real and so awesome. And the  dialogue is the best ever written in any book I've read. The dialogue is  both smart, funny, brilliant and touching. By the end you are just  exhausted and at the same time you feel free. I think that this book if for  anyone who is looking for answers to life and looking for a way to live in  this cruel world. This book will show you that it's possible to be creative  and to survive and to win the greatest battles. This book is for the  dreamer and I highly recommend it. But at the same time I understand why  there are those who don't like it or understand it. This novel isn't for  everyone, in fact it could be pretty painful for some people to read,  because some people will find themselves in the worst characters in the  book. This book is a harsh lesson in survival, that might be too much for  some readers. But it's worth it.
0767830555|5.0|'Taxi Driver' is one of the most passionate films ever made, everyone involved did it with such professionalism and dedication that you can't help but admire it. Scorsese scored big with this one, although this wasn;t  his first masterpiece, 'Mean Streets', another Scorsese triumph was made in  1973. Powerhouse directing by Scorsese, and brilliant screenplay by Paul  Schrader. But the acting is the thing that blows you away. Robert DeNiro  delivers one of the most expertly realized performances of all time, he  'was' Travis Bickle, the ultimate antihero, loneliness and violence have  never mixed so well together. His performance was basically a big  improvisation, the whole 'you talking to me' scene was never staged, that  was pure DeNiro. Travis Bickle is just about the loneliest character in the  history of cinema, and that's what 'Taxi Driver' is all about, basically  loneliness. Also a powerhouse performance by a very young Jodie Foster as a  12 year old prostitute, that's a role that could never be done again, even  now in the 22nd century. Cybill Sheppard and, surprise, Albert Brooks are  also good in support. An unforgettable film that really leaves an impact. A  milestone 70's film. Extras: you can spot Martin Scorsese in the background  in the scene where we first see Cybill Sheppard in her white dress, he also  appears as the psycho whose wife is cheating on him and takes Travis along  for the ride. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|This is classic Maiden-style Euro-metal, with the spirit of &quot;7th Son of a 7th Son&quot; dwelling within.  Its an excellent record, and proves that Iron Maiden just isn't ready to survive without Bruce.  BRUUUUUUUCE  !    Of course the other guys are there too, including reuniting Adrian  Smith with Janick Gers and Dave Murray.  I must admit I am not savvy enough  to tell the difference between them, and the somewhat polished production  by Dream Theater alum Kevin Shirley makes that even more difficult.  <br />But  Maiden has always been about licks rather than flashy solos, and you get  plenty of good sold Maiden grooves, like the 6/4 stomp of &quot;Blood  Brothers&quot; and the glory-days driving march of &quot;Ghost of the  Navigator&quot;.  No storyline concept here, but there are some odd  excursions.  &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; has a hallucinatory tone, due to  Steve Harris' hypnotic synth work, and the final song, &quot;The Thin Line  Between Love and Hate&quot; might be the most impassioned vocal performance  ever by Master Dickinson.  Its a stunner, and a hell of a way to close a  great album.  4 1/2 stars.  UP THE IRONS!
B00003CXAR|5.0|They did a great job re-issuing Jaws!  The anamorphic picture is great and reconstructing the soundtrack in DTS was terrific. Oddly, the Dolby Digital track on this is in Surround only, not 5.1...<br />There is an  up-to-date 50 minute making-of documentary, including the woman who becomes  shark bait at the beginning of Jaws.<br />Worth owning!
B000006TRV|5.0|When i was flipping through my High School year book this year i found a page on it that had the Quote -Showing feelings of an almost Human Nature-Pink Floyd-The Wall. Being a member of the team for who the page was  deticated i asked my self &quot;Who the Hell is Pink Floyd? &quot; Well  being only 15 in knew very little about them, i knew about the Dark Side of  the Rainbow trick, but other than that, nothing.  I got home and Downloaded  Another Brick in The Wall Part 2 off of Napster, and wow, was i impressed.   The Lyrics stuck in my head and i started downloading every other pink  floyd song from the Wall.  The meaning and plot of the album blew me away,  and although the lyrics were dark and depressing at times(In the Flesh, and  Comfotably Numb) they were still a joy to listen to.  Since then i have  bought the DSOTM CD and The Wall CD(So much for napster distroying the CD  industry), and have listened to them all summer long.  Like my title  though, the wall is not for everyone.  It can be verrrry dark and cynical  at times so if your a uppy Britney Spears or NSYNC fan stay away from this.   But if your looking for some classic rock this is a must have.
630196697X|5.0|This little known gem is a knockout sleeper. Tough, brutal, and effective noir. Fuller pulps it up as he tells us the story of a down on his luck pickpocket who hits it big when he steals a topsecret microfilm that's  worth a look to the commies. But the film's plot isn't its strong point.  The quiet scenes between Jean Peters and Richard Widmark are unbearably  sexy. The scene where he knocks her out and then wakes her up by spilling  cold beer on her is one of the defining moments in noir history. Thelma  Ritter delivers a devastating performance as the tough Moe, a weary  kindhearted informer who `has to make a living somehow', a heartbreaking  performance. Also the last scenes where Widmark beats the hell out of  Peters's weasely commie boyfriend is just about as violent as you could get  back then. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film an 8!
B00004T1NA|4.0|Porcupine Tree for me has always been the band that Pink Floyd wanted to be in the 1990s. Lightbulb Sun is a much darker, more introspective and personal offering from the boys in PT, er, from Steven Wilson, than we are  used to. Like _Stupid Dream_ and _Signify_ it is more song-oriented - at  least for the first set of songs. And what a great bunch of tunes they are,  no less embarassingly poppy than the whole of _Stupid Dream_, but  thankfully none warrant learning the program feature on your CD, like  &quot;Piano Lessons&quot; on that disc. <br />Lyrically its a mixed bag,  &quot;Where Would You Be&quot; tries to be pained but ends up being  somewhat painful, while &quot;Four Chords That Made a Million&quot; ends up  being a little TOO similar in its simplicity to some of the bands its  obviously intended to skewer. Still, the musical dimensions are  interesting, more subtle, but more explorative and rewarding on this disc  than _Stupid Dream_. This is underlined by some superb string arrangements  peppered throughout the album, which enhance the experience rather than  make it unwieldy.<br />Most of the old-school PT junkies will find the second  half of the disc more interesting, with &quot;Hatesong&quot; clocking in at  8:25 and the superb neo-floydian epic &quot;Russia on Ice&quot; which  clocks in at a prog-friendly 13:09. But don't skip over the pristine beauty  of &quot;The Rest Will Flow&quot;, the Beatles-esque &quot;How Is Your Life  Today&quot;, or Steve's deliberately-phrased vocal delivery and tight drum  performance of Chris Maitland on &quot;Shesmovedon&quot;.
0783241569|5.0|Who said they didn't make 'em like this any more? It's curious that someone with the satirical genius of screenwriter Richard Curtis, who has brought us such bitingly mean and brilliant English staples like Black  Adder should have such a gift for charming romantic comedy. Following up on  his Four Weddings and a Funeral success, he goes 2 for 2 with Notting Hill,  the story of two people falling in love, Hugh Grant, just an ordinary guy,  and Julia Roberts basically playing herself but with admirable restraint  and vulnerability.<br />We are surrounded by the traditionally colorful  supporting cast, similar to &quot;Weddings..&quot;, with special mention  going to the delightfully ignorant Bernie, played by Hugh Bonneville, and  Spike (Rhys Ifans), colorfully stealing scenes with personal-hygienically  challenged eccentricity.<br />It's well acted, Grant is likeable and  self-depreciating as always, Roberts gives her best performance in a comedy  since Pretty Woman and the plot is surprisingly plausible given the  premise. Highly recommended.
B000028U0Y|5.0|This is not just a great Johnny Cash album, but a great album - period.  I was initially reluctant to buy it since I already had the  prior CD version which was a combination of this and the San Quentin concerts. But this is a  definite improvement on what was  already one of the &quot;essential&quot;  Cash releases.  (The revised and expanded release of the San Quentin  concert is an greater  improvement, e.g., two versions of the same song are  provided in a row on the latter album because someone in the audience asked  him to sing the song again.  To my amazement, he does so.  I've never heard  anything quite like that, and it is very  interesting to hear the  differences between the two tries at this song, as well as differences in  the audiences' response).  The sound of the prior CD version was  a bit  muffled.  This is largely absent from these remastered versions - the sound  is generally much crisper and sounds more  contemporary.  <br />Another  improvement is that more of the spoken comments between songs appear to be  persevered.   The overall experience seems much  more like a single concert  than merely a series of live song tracks.<br />One other point - some have  criticized Cash for glamorizing prisoners in these albums - i.e.,  portraying them as good guys who just don't  quite fit in to our unbending  society (the &quot;Cool Hand Luke&quot; syndrome). Yet, the notes written  by June Carter within the new San Quentin release make clear that  she and  at least several of the other band members were quite scared of their  audience during these concerts.  The tension is  audible in these tracks,  and as a credit to the skill of the performers, their performance seems  even sharper than it might have  been under standard conditions.  Also, the  prisoners in the audience seems to genuinely appreciate the effort of Cash  and band  - its hard to imaging an album taped in a standard concert  setting could have this feel.
B00001QEE9|5.0|A milestone in animated films, but it's also a timeless movie that appeals to kids as well as adults. It's remarkable how all Disney films have been such a big part of so many kids' childhood, and 'Pinocchio' is usually  among the ones that leave a profound impact, name another film that could  make you more afraid of lying. The animation is still astonishing, the  degree of detail is breathtaking, even more impressive by the fact that it  was all done by hand and this was one of the earliest animated films. The  story has a timelessness to it and an effortless charm that's hard to beat,  the movie basically puts you under Disney's spell for 80 rewarding minutes.  Out of all the Disney films, 'Pinocchio' and 'Snow White' are the only ones  that can be considered classics, not just because they have aged so well or  because they have played such a big role in all our childhood, but because  there's a certain air of experimentalism to them, animated films were just  a new thing and they could take you places you couldn't even imagine. This  particularly was a labor or love by everyone involved, you can sense that  it was made with dedication and care. Filled with many memorable and  enchanting moments, who can forget 'When You Wish Upon A Star'? or even the  characters; Gepetto, Cleo, Figaro, Monstro the Whale and especially Jiminy  Cricket have been deeply rooted into the American culture. An enchanting  film that never gets old. From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
0441172717|1.0|Clearly, you have to be a fan of the robot genre to remotely even come close to liking this book.  The first chapter gets off to a very slow start, the storyline becomes boring rapidly, and after a while, the book is  unreadable.     I would imagine that those disappointed with this highly  overrated book would turn to other science fiction.     Lord of the Rings  puts this book to shame.  J.R.R. Tolkien makes this author look  unimaginative to say the least.  If you want real science fiction, start  with The Hobbit and go onto the LORD OF THE RINGS.  Put this book where it  belongs: in the GARBAGE bin.
6304039506|5.0|\\"I've always relied on the kindness of strangers,\\" Blanche DuBois tells us near the end of this mesmerizing adaptation of the Tennessee Williams play; but what we have found out is that she has often relied on the warmth of  strangers, very often, and now with her looks faded and her charm gone, she  has become a sad, neurotic creature desperate for any sort of  attention.<br /><br />Vivian Leigh's portrayal of Tennessee Williams's languished  southern rose is one of the most memorable and haunting performances of the  American cinema.  Seldom in the history of film has there been such  excellent casting.  Leigh of course won the Academy Award for best actress,  but she was not alone.  Karl Malden won for best supporting actor and Kim  Hunter for best supporting actress.  Marlon Brando could easily have won  for his raw animal portrayal of Stanley Kowalski.  Credit should also go to  Elia Kazan for the artful mastery of his direction.  In short this is one  of the most celebrated movies of all time, a classic, period.  But no  mistake should be made about where the primary power comes from.  It's from  Tennessee Williams's Pulitizer Prize winning play, a work of theatrical  genius second to none in the history of the American theater.  Williams had  the gift of understanding and the ability to project the melancholy  self-delusion and sexual/social angst of the feminine psyche onto the  stage, and to do it with objectivity and compassion.  (Cf. Laura in The  Glass Menagerie and Maggie in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof.)<br /><br />Brando's  interpretation of the animalistic Kowalski, typified by his screaming up  the stairs, \\"Stella!\\" in tight t-shirt and bellowing voice, and his crude  way with women, electrified audiences and established him as a star.  A  string of cinematic successes followed, highlighted by his work in On the  Waterfront (1954) for which he won an academy award.<br /><br />I want to add that  we are driven by Desire until this silly dance concludes and we arrive at  the Cemetery.  In a beautifully observed bit of accidental irony, those  names-\\"Desire\\" and \\"Cemetery\\"-are the names of streetcars that ran back and  forth on the same line in New Orleans, giving inspiration to Williams's apt  and unforgettable title.ry.  In a beautifully observed bit of accidental irony, those  names-\\"Desire\\" and \\"Cemetery\\"-are the names of streetcars that ran back and  forth on the same line in New Orleans, giving inspiration to Williams's apt  and unforgettable title.
0553573403|5.0|I picked this book on a markdown table for six dollars at a bookstore. It was not much to look at, but I found that looks can be deceiving. From the first page, I was hooked. I was thrown headfirst into a world shattered by  civil war and divided by old feuds. A world populated by dyanmic characters  with as many flaws as good qualities. Characters you could love one minute,  then hate the next. This book (and series) tells it like is and does not  try to disguise the violence of war. Instead it lays right there in front  of you. Murder, betrayal, love, hate, blood, guts and then some. This book  was a gritty, nasty, dirty, bloody and very welcome suprise. I kept reading  faster and faster until I had swallowed every last page and was left  craving for more. If you are looking for an enthralling read, this book  will not let you down. You will not regret buying it.
B00000JCOV|4.0|When i picked up this CD I never expected what i was about tolisten to.  This is a true band, not sellouts like Limp Bizkit or fakeagonizers like Korn.  There is no way to put such feelings into an album unless you really feel like that.  &quot;Get this&quot; is one of my favorites, agressive, yet melodical in some sense. &quot;Diluted&quot; is the best one in the album, lyric-wise and sound-wise.  The lyrics to this song are awesome, trully original and poetic.  &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; is nice but there are much better songs than this.. this is the bummer song of the CD. &quot;Surfacing&quot; is truly an anthem for everyone who has seen the world for real.  Depressing, yet uplifting.  Get this CD is you care more about content than sound, otherwise, there are better bands than this
0789423952|4.0|Not overly complex or too simplistic, this book covers the basics. Color photgraphy is good. In some areas more detail would have been appreciated. Overall, a gem!
6305807086|5.0|Spike Jonze is brilliant.  He has managed to make a movie that puts the human mind on trial.  When I first went to see this movie I knew nothing about it, and had some doubtful feelings on it, but when I left the theater  I was left with one thought, what a very strange movie.  Throughout the  movie there's never any slapstick humor, but much darker humor and every  scene will make one laugh and be in complete awe.   <br /> Not only is the  idea of the movie original but the characters themselves.  In the whole  movie there are 5 characters that we get to know: John Cusack, Cameron  Diaz, Catherine Keener (Maxine), Orsin Bean (Dr. Lester), and of course  John Malcovich.  Not one of these characters could I relate to or know  anyone that could.  Everyone was simply not normal, which I find to be rare  in movies.  <br />  This movie is an Original masterpiece, and is well  worth the price for anyone who wants to get away from Hollywood standards.
B00004TDTO|5.0|Probably one of the most terrifying movies in history, because it can(and has) really happened. Spielberg was brilliant to not show the shark for the better half of the movie, which lets the viewer use his/her imagination.  Plus, William's score is without a doubt the best picked score in relation  to a movie's plot. Heck,if anyone started humming that tune, a beach would  clear out! Deep blue sea may have had better sharks just do to the fact  that technology is far more advanced than it was in 1975. But the acting?  Come on! L.L going down a corridor yelling &quot;You killed my bird&quot;  doesn't compare with the chief's line &quot;you're gonna need a bigger  boat&quot; which by the way, he ad- libbed. Now, that takes talent, and  &quot;Jaws&quot; is filled with it! The dialogue, the score, the sheer  terror. Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water, they  come out with the dvd!
B000002HPV|5.0|This CD is truly incredible. Even if I searched a thousand years, I wouldn't find the good adjective to describe this album. It must be said that this is not pop-corn music: it can take quite a lot of efforts to  really understand it and appreciate it. But once you have made the effort  to listen to it, there's a beautiful reward. This album is unique. All the  songs are jewels. Bjrk is not just a singer or a musician, she's an  incredible artist. I feel so lucky to have this album. The music makes me  shiver and Bjrk's unique voice has never been so beautiful. She just  manages to give to the listener a lot of emotions: we feel angry when we  listen to &quot;5 Years&quot;, we want to hug our best friend when we  listen to &quot;Joga&quot; and we want to love everything when we hear  Bjrk singing &quot;All is full of love&quot;. There's absolutely no doubt  that this album is one of the 5 most importeant albums of the 90's. Bjrk  is an incredible singer, musician, artist, poet and now actress. She's  definitely one of the most talented person on this earth. HOMOGENIC changed  my life. If you don't have this album you are missing so much. It's a  treasure full of mysteries.
076783819X|1.0|Insecurity for the sake of it coupled with the message that humans are deeply evil. If you evocate the best qualities in a human been you get his best behaviour, while making leverage on his weaknesses you pull his worst  parts out of him. It's like biting your own testicles
B000002KLZ|3.0|this album was recorded and put together when the mac was on their Tusk tour. the recording is not entirely from one concert. it's taken from different concerts around the world. disc 1 is not as good as disc 2. disc  1 opens with Monday Morning, with strong lead vocals from buckingham. nicks  puts on a weak vocal performance on Dreams. she sounds tired, as does mcvie  on Over and Over. on a brighter side, nicks pulls in a beautiful  performance on Sara. disc 2 includes a couple of unknown but good songs. it  opens with nicks's Fireflies. she also puts in a very strong vocal  performance in Rhiannon. there is never a dull moment in that song. what  would a fleetwood mac live album be like without Go Your Own Way and Don't  Stop? those two are also included on the second disc as well. iterestingly  enough, it ends with a song written by brian wilson called The Farmer's  Daughter. the song shows how well the three vocalists of the group can mix  in their harmonies on stage. now, for the total mix of the album. since it  is partly produced by buckingham, it has that under-produced effect on it.  there are no extra musicians on this album, or nothing dubbed in. what you  see is what you get. the one problem i have with the sound on this album is  that there is too much delay effect on the vocals. otherwise, overall, it  does not have a bad sound for a live album. this album would have been  better off being a single album instead of a double. but, for the ordinary  mac fan, i recommend it. but, if i had to choose, i would go with their  newest live album, The Dance.
0684869713|4.0|Although Ms. Rand believed ATLAS SHRUGGED was her magum opus, THE FOUNTAINHEAD was her greatest piece of writing. Her characters at times do not ring true, but it is a book you cannot put down and for those who  follow her intellectual teachings, this book is an superior introduction. I  have read the parts she deleted, but had she kept them in the book, it  would still be a good read, great story, fascinating by one of the most  creative minds in 20th Century literature.
6302859204|4.0|My very first time i watched the fire in the sky was years ago, however after recently buying it for old time memories i have to say that i was delighted with my purchase. The film is not an all time classic but it does  have its moments of pure entertainment. In places the film can be scary and  really does make you wonder whether we are not alone on this planet. The  acting in the film from all the characters is flawless and the effects used  are realistic. A must see film
0786225955|5.0|it is by far the best book i've read. anybody that reads this will love it. the things that happened to her were described the best way possible.
0783240503|5.0|If you've never seen this musical before, this version is a great introduction!  A very well rounded cast with a marvelous sense of humor!  These are actors who can sing, not singers trying to act.  Donny Osmond  plays a great Joseph, relaxed and natural.  Joan Collins was a bit of a  disappointment, but her part is mercifully quick.  Maria Friedman, however,  stole the show for me as the Narrator.  What a wonderful interpretation of  the role!  In fact, the only thing &quot;wrong&quot; with this show is the  fact that the soundtrack is not out on CD!
6305181772|4.0|In the style of my favorite DVD site, IGN.com, I'm going to review this movie based on four areas: The movie, the video, the audio, and the extras.<br />THE MOVIE          Wow. Tom Cruise is at his energetic best.  Ethan Hunt is a young and very skilled IMF operative. After all, his mentor  is one of the best: Jim Phelps. A man named Golitsyn has gotten himself  into a position to steal the CIA's NOC list, and has the intent of selling  it on the black market. Phelps, along with Ethan Hunt and the other four  members of his IMF team are given the mission to catch Golitsyn in the act  of  stealing the NOC list, apprehend him, thereby retrieving the stolen  list. Everything goes wrong. All members of the team, except Ethan are  killed, including Phelps. The operation was a molehunt. Hunt is supected of  the killings, and accused of imbessling money from the CIA. This is just  the surface. There are many many more major-players, all part of a huge and  complex conspiracy.      Brian De Palma did an amazing job. This film is  visual feast, for half the story is told through camera movement. The  film's plot is extremely complicated. I have watched the film several  times, and everytime I do, I notice something new and a another little  detail that makes more sense of the plot. This film is one that has to be  watched closely. Many of the plot points and nuances are subtle and require  you to pay close attention. An Action/suspense film that has brains. Who  would have thought?<br />THE VIDEO<br />    Stunning. A little dirty, but that is  expected. After all, an original theatrical print was used for the  transfer. Slight graniness, but you won't really notice unless finding  flaws is the reason you are watching the movie. You also have the choice of  watching the film in Pan-and-Scan or Widescreen.<br />THE AUDIO<br />    Pretty  good if you have the right equipment.I usually set the disc at Dolby 5.1  sound. That option is great if you have good speakers. For those ofyou  that hve just your Televisions, keep the disc on 2 channel. You also have  the option to watch it in French.<br />THE EXTRA<br />   The heading should be  THE EXTRAS. However, there is only one extra. All you get is the theatrical  trailer. That isn't bad, but is definately not enough. Sorry, but scene  selection, interactive menus, captions, and subtitles do not count as  special features, especially to today's DVD's standards. (Have you seen the  Fight Club DVD?)<br />    Not a bad package when you consider the quality of  the sound and video, but special features are very important. Without them,  you might as well go and and buy the VHS version, and save yourself a  couple of bucks.
6305892946|5.0|Scream 3 was a great..chilling movie that entertains you all the way to the end. People think sequels are boring, well guess again! I think Scream 3 was much better than the 2nd one. If you people thought the terror was  over...well you are wrong. Wes Craven did a wonderful job directing and it  makes you wonder, after watching Scream 3 is the terror really over.. or is  it just getting started all over again? Well the answer to that is we will  never know until who knows when. In the mean time, sit back relax and enjoy  Scream 3!  5 stars all the way!
B00003Q43A|5.0|This two-disc dvd package includes a wonderful transfer and awesome special features. The special edition version was fun too.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I'm no muscle boy, but I love listening to this CD when I amrunning or biking at the gym. Its fun, puts a smile on my face and itsinfectuous.  Having grown up in the 80s and being a complete Madonna-holic, I am eagerly looking forward to seeing if Britney will be the new century's Madonna, or another Tiffany or Deborah Gibson. (Ok ok...I have their CDs too! Leave me alone!).
0767849493|5.0|Dogma, the latest in Writer/Director Kevin Smith's line of unrelated movies starring the same actors, is an absolutely hilarious satire of organized religion.  I'm sure that this movie has and will continue to  offend many catholics, but at it's core, dogma is simply an incredibaly  funny and well written movie.  As two angels, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck's  chemistry is as good as ever.  They bounce off each other with perfect  timing and rythm.  Chris Rock adds his own element as the 13th apostle,  Rufus.  &quot;Knew him (christ), nigga owes me 12 bucks,&quot; Rock says of  his relationship witht the Messiah. Alan Rickman stars as the voice of God,  a windswept ball of stress trying to save existence.  The movie is full of  satire and parody, and if taken as that and nothing more, the movie is just  plain funny.  Expecting more will only lead to disappointment, as the  movie's near apocalyptic ending falls short of expectations.  It's  undeniable however, the characters and the script are a ruckus of laughs  and &quot;oh wow, did he just say that?&quot;  types of reactions.  Throughout, the movie is full of laugh-out-loud jokes and scenes.  It won't  change anyone's views on religion (no mentally stable person anyways), and  it won't cause a revolution.  It's simply a funny movie that should be  viewed in the same light as Mel Brooks movie, or any of Kevin Smiths' other  films.
0399215921|5.0|This is great book about a spider's determination to spin a web and not be deterred by the other farm animals.  The theme centers on completing a job(task) and how simple things can become complex beautiful creations.  <br />Note to teachers:  This is a multisensory book great for tactile  learners.  The book teaches the different farm animals, the sounds they  make and their jobs.
B000002KBH|5.0|&quot;Good?  Sometimes I wish I had never heard it, just so that I could hear it for the first time again&quot; - Dead Head Girl, Freaks and Geeks series finale.
0698115635|4.0|This is cute book that teaches the days of the week with different foods in the form of a story and a song.  It also uses different animals and the text is repetitive. Note to teacher:  This can be used to teach math  skills, different animals ,and foods. The repetitive text builds memory and  can implement body movement.
B00000I9P1|3.0|All I can say is that this CD is on my wish list for nothing other than &quot;Man Against the World&quot; which I swear is one of the best songs in the universe. It takes me back to high school in just a few notes and I can  remember everything like it was yesterday. It still makes me teary-eyed!
B00000HZFH|5.0|what else is there to say?  bts is one of the great jam bands out there today.  songs like &quot;the plan&quot; and &quot;carry the zero&quot; are irrestible rock-out tunes.  it has been said before and it's true: doug  martsch is god.
B00004STPT|5.0|i don't normally buy film soundtracks, or listen to 'classical', but after seeing Gladiator i really, really wanted the music.  For me, apart from the wonderful storyline and acting, the music was a central part of the film,  that made it much more emotional than it would have been otherwise.  The  music was wonderful and evocative, bringing back the scenes of the film as  i listened.  Well worth buying.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I made the most unfortunate mistake of purchasing this bands first album. There is VERY little originality in any of this band's compositions.  They go to great lengths to rip off Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Alice In Chains and  other grunge act's sound. To make matters even worse, they try to convey  their right-wing religious convictions in nearly every song. Their lead  singer trys really hard to pull off an Eddie Vedder imitation.  Unless  you're into so called &quot;Christian Rock&quot; I would stay away from  this band and all their albums.
0671004611|1.0|I really could'nt wait to read this book. I was sure I would learn something new.nope. for someone in the &quot;know&quot; he sure is'nt saying anything new. I have read more informative information on the  internet and heard more on art bell! this book is nothing but a big tease.  I think he must of been planning on writing another book because he alludes  to the fact he knows who the aliens are and what their agenda is but never  says. this book gives you a tidbit here and there, but, the rest is nothing  but space filler about things and events that have nothing to do with the  book topic. I can't believe the other people giving this such a high score.  it must be their first read on the subject or something.
0688171664|5.0|I first read Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance as a college senior twenty-five years ago.  I remember then being frightened by how this man's determination to pursue a philosophical idea to its conclusion, even if it  were against the grain of established conventions of thinking, drove him  insane.  I was afraid deeper study and questioning might do the same to me.    I know now, however, that I'm not insane.  I also know that twenty-five  years ago this story of a man and his son travelling by motorcycle from  Minnesota to the Pacific Ocean took deep residence in my soul.<br />I've been  a teacher now for twenty-three years, long enough to forget some of my  initial influences.  But, as I read this book all these years later, I  realized that my philosophical view points, examples I use to illustrate  ideas with my students, what I believe the purpose of an education is, and  several other bits of pedagogy and ideology originated in Pirig's  story.<br />I highly recommend this book, maybe especially if you are unread  in philosophy and would like a readable, enjoyable, and provocative entree  into the history and vocabulary of philosophy.<br />It's a deeply moving,  intellectually stiumlating story.  Its devotion to story-telling and  philosophical inpuiry is indeed most rare.
B00004TJTS|5.0|I would highly recommend this movie to all.  In this day and age of movies filled with sex, violence and the always present mass quantities of special effects, this movie is pure, simple,  heartwarming and very well made.  My  whole family loved it - both children and adults.
B00000JCB2|4.0|ok, when i first heard the Nookie i was like, &quot;Hell Yea! this rocks! &quot; so i got the album and i heard it atleast 5 timesthough that day. by the end of the week i couldn't stand hearing it anymore. the songs are catchy and great to listen to, but there are too many boring songs in there.  &quot;intro&quot; is just that, an intro  &quot;just like this&quot; good song one of the songs that keeps you pumped.  &quot;nookie&quot; one of the best songs in the album.  &quot;break stuff&quot; hard rock style, very impressive  &quot;re-arranged&quot; another masterpeice by limp. &quot;i'm broke&quot; thats the begining of the borrin' part  &quot;nobody like you&quot; another decent song that is good enought to listen to.  &quot;don't go off wondering&quot; not a great song but it's not horrible.  &quot;9 teen 90 nine&quot; BORING  &quot;n 2 gether now&quot; great song and wonderful lyrics ft. methed man.  &quot;trust?&quot; i'm not sure, i forgot  &quot;no sex&quot; good song, but it's a slow song, most hard rockfans might not care for it.  &quot;show me what you go&quot; it's ok..... &quot;a lessong learned&quot; another boring track  &quot;outro&quot; disturbing  bottom line, the first half of the album is great worth buying. but the second half is poor at it's best. n 2 gether now is the only real good song in that half.
B000002C1V|5.0|THis is no ordinary recording. Its hard to listen it entirely without getting drained... Roger Waters is full of hate against government, &quot;Maggie&quot; (Tatcher) and society. THe album is dedicated to his  father, who died in WW II in 1944. Its a tribute to anguish and pain.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I just picked up Human Clay yesturday and I must admit I am very impressed. I also own My Own Prison which I feel was a better album, but this one rocks in its own respects. My favorite songs are Are You Ready?,  What If, Beautiful, Never Die, With Arms Wide Open, and Higher. The chorus  to What If and Higher do get repeated to much and often get annoying, but  none the less I would go buy this album if you don't own it yet.
B000002LMM|5.0|One of the most outstanding soundtracks ever to enhance a TV series. Weep along to Laura Palmer's Theme, Admire Audrey's dance, vibe on Night Life In Twin Peaks and let Julee Cruise give you the sensation of a flotation tank  with her dreamy vocals on Into The Night, The Nightingale and Falling.  Ethereal sounds that appropriately encapsulate the mood of the series  filled with a thousand secrets. What! No theme for Nadene?
B00004U45G|5.0|It's almost as if this HAD to happen at some point: some of the highlights of the Led Zeppelin catalog sung by a real blues vocalist. Although I will always appreciate the density of the original material's production values  (and John Bonham's smack-down style), poor Bobby Plant appeared to be  cursed with an inability to sing on key for longer than a few bars. That's  why it is a BLESSING to have Chris Robinson tackle some of these hot  chestnuts; by flexing a REAL set of pipes, he succeeds in putting some  cojones back into the material. The band is super-tight and Page is right  in the pocket. Outstanding stuff, and crucial for any self-respecting Led  Zeppelin fan.
B000002LQQ|4.0|The same tried &amp; trusted recipe; Knopfler's Dylan-inflected vocals, very mature songs about mature matters, their trademark guitar style. Memorable compositions include Calling Elvis, The Bug (a philosophical  reflection -- &quot;sometimes you win, sometimes you lose&quot;), Ticket To  Heaven -- a country-flavoured observation on cheapo religion, and How Long,  also country, but very hummable. Lyrically, the title track and My Parties  are the best but somewhat lacking in the melody department. All in all a  solid album and should be in every Dire Straits fan's collection.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Ever since the video release of this film in May, I've been waiting and hoping for any word on The DVD edition.  Finally it will arrive on October 24th, and by the looks of the extras it will be worth the wait.  So  technologically advanced fans like me rejoice, your wait for one of the  most brilliant satires on suburbia is almost over.  American Beauty is  almost here!
B0000024IE|5.0|Now this is rap with real venom! PE's anger is conveyed with intelligence on funky rhythms bubbling in a pandemonium of whistles, police sirens, gunshot and samples, a sort of controlled aural chaos. Great samples, like  on Revolutionary Generation where they give a nod to Otis Redding/Aretha  Franklin in demanding a snatch of R-E-S-P-EC-T. Nobody could have foreseen  this sort of multi-layered onslaught when Rap first reared its head with  Sugarhill Gang's &quot;Rapper's Delight&quot; in 1979.
0783117388|1.0|We all buy DVD for one reason: crisp clear pictures.  I own about 20 DVD movies. I have a 27 inch Sony TV with S-video.  My other DVDs look WONDERFULLY CLEAR.  This DVD collection from HBO is unacceptable!  I cant  even bear to watch it all.  I love the Sex... series alot.. But , I find  myself staring at the grainy picture..... I cant even stand to finish the  first episode.  I have old VHS that looks better than this... even  recording at EP mode on a VHS looks more clear than this.  One word=  GRAINY.  They ought to be ashamed to have released this garbage transfer.   I am curious to know if the VHS of this is clear.  Really, listen to us  all.... SKIP THIS!  you will be sorry!
0446677450|5.0|I was standing in a bookstore in Minn/St. Paul airport when I skimmed a few pages during my layover.  I was mesmerized. I rarely buy anything on impulse, but this time I did. The newsflash that the 90% of the population  is financially illiterate hit me like a ton of bricks!  It is exactly how  I've been feeling even though my husband and I both have Master's degrees  from some of the finest schools in the country.  WHAT HAPPENED TO US?    Although we have little debt, we're still part of the RAT RACE! UGH!  I  particularly love that he doesn't &quot;hype&quot; his ideas, so I don't  feel like I'm getting a schmooze job which I believe initially attracts  listeners, but later sends them running to hide. I also love that he  focuses on success stories.  Everyone knows how to recognize failure, but  so few recognize success.  He gently shows how.      This book is the  answer my husband and I have been looking for.  Now we've just got to read  his other books to figure out more details on what to do.  We feel like our  life has just changed in the new exciting direction we've been looking for.  THANKS!
0553573403|5.0|Its been a while since I read Game of Thrones for the first time, but I clearly recalled my reaction when I finished the book.  *Finally!* I thought. *Finally someone who really enchants me again with this story!* I  admit that I love intruiges and traitors and incest and royalty and all  such things. I loved 'Mists of Avalon' by Marion Bradley, Ive read  everything I could find about the War of the Roses, Imperial Rome,  etcetera. I am a big fan of Robert Jordan's intricate plot, too. But Martin  writes it all so naturally. Of course everything is not black and white. No  one is the 'hero', no one is the 'villain', everyone's just striving for  his or her own goal. Some characters you like better or less than others,  some are just victims of the situation, some fail miserably, some have  success... you get what I mean.<br />This is enthralling, enchanting, this  grabs you by the throat and will not let go. The storyline's intricate, the  main characters interesting, the style is perfect, I *love* Martin's  writing. With this book he suddenly sat right next to Robert Jordan on top  of my personal hit list. <br />Read!  :)
0671027344|5.0|Charlie is one of the most perceptive and honest protagonists to describe adolescence since The Catcher in the Rye.  I don't know how this book slipped under the radar, but it was total chance that I found it at all.   More people should read this book- it is hilarious, poignant, and  remarkably accurate in its portrayal of high school today.  Read it and  tell your friends!
630289915X|5.0|&quot;It's a Wonderful Life,&quot; starring James Stewart and Donna Reed, did OK, but not super, at the box office in 1947.  Perhaps it was too sentimental.  Nevertheless, this movie has, in the meantime, become one of  the most widely known, most watched and beloved of director-genius Capra's  films.<br />The premis of the story (just in case you've been off planet for  the past 53 years) is this... What would life be like if someone had never  been born?  What effect does one seemingly insignificant life have on the  lives of others that a person brushes against during their life?  Well, in  this movie George Bailey (played by Stewart) gets the chance to see just  that.  An apprentice angel arranges the whole thing.<br />I am amazed each  time I watch this film to see how small acts and interactions have major  effects in the lives of others -- family members, et al. <br />The  Christmas-time setting of this film has certainly contributed to much of  its success and appeal.  That, the hometown feel of the setting, the  next-door neighborly nature of the characters, the story itself, and stars  like Stewart, Reed, and others, make this film a timeless classic.<br />Is  this film sentimental?  Certainly!  Is it watchable?  Definitely!  Should  you own it?  Absolutely.<br />5 stars, only because that's the highest rating  possible.<br />Buy this video!<br />On a side note...you may be interested to  know that biologist Stephen Jay Gould wrote a book titled &quot;Wonderful  Life&quot; (taken from the title of this film) in which he pulls on a  premis similar to the one in this movie -- the theme is contingency and the  evolution of life.  It's a &quot;what-if&quot; question.  What if, for  example, one of a group of animal's ancestors had turned right instead of  left and was killed and left no offspring, then what?  It's an interesting  read about life of the Burgess Shale (Cambrian animal fauna).  If it sounds  interesting, give it a look, it's quite readable.<br />Alan Holyoak
B00004UFYU|5.0|I bought this album along with the groups previous album and I'm not sorry I did. I haven't stopped playing it since I got it about 2 weeks ago. Tracks like Misere Mani and Divano really catch you up in the music and the  &quot;hidden&quot; track at the end of the album I bought really ends it  off quite nicely. This album really inspires me to think about learning to  play the guitar sometime.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Aliens: a great action-adventure movie in a decade that defined the modern action-adventure movie. Any of the multitude of reviews here will wax enthusiastic on the movie's quality--so, what about =this= particular  edition?<br />For me, the extra 17 minutes underscored how tight and well-done  the film was =without= those minutes. For example, some exposition was  added about Ripley's daughter. For some, this added exposition enhanced the  later bond between Ripley and Newt. Setting aside for a moment the  incompatibility between the deepspace-travel-with-cryogenic-freezing and  the idea that she told her daughter she would be home in less than a year,  what I was really impressed with was exactly how good a job the actors did  conveying their bond =without= the exposition.<br />Stuff like that abounds.  The seventeen minutes that were edited came from all over the film in tiny  bits, so that very often you have to double-check to make =sure= it wasn't  there.<br />Ultimately, whether the movie is better or worse with the extra  footage is a matter of subtleties.<br />However, this is definitely a good  DVD/home theater type film. The clarity of the picture and the depth of  sound does justice to the original theatrical experience. Recommended.
0380973464|5.0|A pinnacle in a world of shallow plot lines, Cryptonomicon, has to be the best novel I've read in five years.  Its multi-threaded plot lines and blending of historical fact with fiction were very engaging.  The depth of  the technical details make it appealing to the technically wise but may be  a deterant to those not so.  The discussion of WWII Allied and US  cryptoanalysis efforts was particularly interesting.   I look forward to  rereading it in the future.
B00004TJTQ|4.0|My Dog Skip is a movie the whole family will enjoy. It is about a boy who wants a dog, but his dad doesn't think he is responsible to take care of a dog. When the boy gets a dog for his birthday it shanges his life. He has  more friends and he is now happy. In some parts of this story thier are sad  parts, but you will really enjoy it.
0670880728|5.0|Bridget Jones is the woman I once was...finding the wrong men, trying(neurotically) to control bad habits. This is by far the funniest book I have read in a long time. I read it in one day and I now recommend  it to anyone who wishes to laugh at the antics of an oddball englishwoman.
B0000062GE|5.0|In my experience buying Stabbing Westward cd's has involved me going into a store searching in the Heavy Metal section blowing the dust off a cd and going up to the counter recieving strange looks and getting comments like  'you like them?'. What a shame. Stabbing Westward's latest disc is  something completely accessable and deserves the merit it recieves.  Listening to it for the first time was difficult for me, because lyrically  the songs were bitter and full of angst. But really after a few listening  sessions instead of being anti-social it struck a chord with me. While not  having the acidic beat or sensual percussions of Nine Inch Nails or having  pure energy that Ministry bleeds out, Stabbing Westward instead focuses on  the soul. The slower songs tug and yearn at your heart and the agressive  riffs on tracks like Save Yourself seem to rip your heart out. Is listening  to Darkest Days painful? Yes. Is Darkest Days beautiful? Yes. Does it  deserve the recognition as a emotional and well balanced album? Yes. Does  it deserve its second class rating that it often gets? NO.
0060977493|5.0|With so many excellent reviews of this fantastic book this will be brief.  This is a true masterpiece written in truely beautiful poetic language. <br />This is very sad tale of two generations of a well to do family of  Syrian Christian Indians.  Relatives from the West visit and lives are  never the same again.  It is also a tale of the cast culture and the  untouchables and of many people and events that cross the path of the main  &quot;tale&quot;<br />Roy's prose is beautiful.  Her ability to create truly  vivid images is extraordinary. I took so much pleasure in her description  of the many fine details of the lives of her characters. Her unique style  of writing that keeps going back to earlier images to revive them in the  mind of the reader was most enjoyable. <br />If you like a clear plot and fast  action this book is definitely not for you.  There is no plot per se,  events unfold very slowly most of the time with lots of digression.  I  loved that it, it gave me time to build an image in my mind and that image  kept on getting developed and refined. The main charachters are sketched  but not always in total, this comes across as a given, so you don't miss  it.   <br />I absolutely can not wait to read more of her work.
630349255X|5.0|i was so blown away by this that after only five minutes of viewing i fiendishly paused it so i could get online and immeadiatly order it for my ever so limited home-video collection. this far surpasses all of my  previous favorite films (including: city of lost children, fight club,  american beauty, fantenima, fist of legend, my neighbor totoro, and a few  more). this movie is an earth shattering application of the true potential  of film. it is an audio visual collage of overlooked beauty.
B000002UAX|5.0|For anyone who is reading these reviews for help on buying this cd, please do not pay attention to these simpletons who believe that this record should have been trimmed down to a single album.  Both CDs are pure  masterpieces with not one sub par song. And by the way Revolution number  nine was not meant to be listened to over and over like a regular song! So  all you complainers get over it!
B000002NIW|5.0|until recently i thought this was one of the worst CDs i had but then i started listenin to it again and now its one of the best. buy this CD cause u aint missin out.
0790732203|5.0|An absolute classic in every way.  Superb direction, cinematography, acting, music, editing.  Near if not perfect film making.  If this movie isn't a classic then nothing is.
6302516919|4.0|When I heard that John Carpenter made a movie based on a Stephen King novel, nothing was gonna stop me from seeing it. I wasn't let down either! The suspense is wonderful, and you can watch Arnie's slow change from nerd  who can't open his locker to the guy everyone's afraid of. The only part of  this movie that I thought needed work was the blood. The lack of it. But,  other than that, it was great!
B00000DLUV|5.0|This is the second time I am going to purchase this because the first one was damaged and this is one CD that I miss in my car.  I watched the HBO special and it was get off the couch and dance with my husband and  kids...fantastic!  As I listened to these songs and watched the special,  now that I am in my 30's,  I realize how truly talented they are.  The  songs cover a wide range of decades and sounds. The ballads just blow me  away because they are so beautiful.  One of my new favorites is the one  with Celion Dion.  She is good but the harmonizing by the BeeGees is what  makes it so outstanding. Their voices compliment each other.  My boys are  7-9 and they have never been told that the BeeGees weren't considered cool  like the Backstreet Boys and they request differnt songs off the CD when I  play it. It goes to show you that truly good music stands the test of time  and if you really love a group, stick with them despite what the critics  may say because after all you know what makes your own heart sing.  This CD  feels like a soundtrack to your own life.   Thanks Barry, Maurice and Robin  for all the music.
6302038308|5.0|first off, i wanna tell everyone that saw the first wondering why the hell ash would go back to the evil-infested cabin in the woods, that this is a remake with a better budget. now, as for the film itself, its awesome.  Campbell is not an oscar-contender, but he is perfect for this role. his  possessed hand is a comedic highlight. also to all people confused, Army of  Darkness is a sequel to this one, evil dead 2, because campbell cant go  from screaming at a demon (end of 1) to a slave in the middle ages. i own  it, and so should you.
B00003CXDV|4.0|I thought this movie was hilarious!  I watched it at a friend's house and we must have nearly died laughing.  But I really like Star Trek, and Galaxy Quest made fun of it.  But that's what makes Galaxy Quest so funny, all the  jokes on Star Trek.  I must admit, when I first saw the beginning, I was  ready to hate it because their 'starship' looked like a really cheesy copy  of the inside of a Star Trek ship.
6305095566|5.0|The Evil Dead is a film that reminds us that you DO need gore to make a great horror movie. Sam Raimi is a genius, Bruce Campbell must like the taste of blood, and the movie jut plain rules! If you do not own this then  you are a fool! GO GET IT! It is SOOOOO worth it.
B00003CX6P|2.0|I have to admit I was looking forward to this movie from the previews.  The idea of someone taking over another person's life is an interesting premise.  Too bad this movie wastes it completely.  Mr. Ripley is as Dickie  so elegently explains: is boring.  His character is unlikable and not too  smart.  During the entire second half of the movies, I kept expecting his  lies to indict him but no one (except Maude) ever figure out his crimes.   The ending is completly anti-climatic, it never explains Ripley's motives  and is a completly senseless murder.  Why is it all these 'culturally  signifgant films' seem toi be set in Europe and filled of vapid characters?
6305089957|4.0|After Scream, you know that there is gonna be a sequel. It was actually quite good for a sequel. The good parts about the movie are that anyone can die, and it has a reference to past horror films. I only wish Sarah  Michelle Gellar was around for longer.
B00003CXDU|4.0|Galaxy Quest is NOT a non-stop action film with a deep and meaningful story line. But it is a real good entertaining laugh  based on a very clever idea. Specifically, that Aliens could receive and watch our TV  shows, and believe them to be  historical archive footage of real events in  our history. (Not too unreasonable a theory if you think about it.!) These  lovable Aliens manage to get the actors of a long ago canceled TV Scifi to  battle some 'not so nice' Aliens on their  behalf. With the  &quot;Captain&quot; Tim Allen being far too arrogant to admit that they're  actors and not space jockeys, they all end up  on the bridge of a Starship  that's identical to the one on their TV show. (The Aliens have designed and  built it purely from  watching the ship and its operations on the show! )  This leads us to my favorite part of the film. When manning the bridge of  the ship for the first time, the crew nervously, apart  from the Captain!,  adopt their &quot;usual&quot; positions on the bridge. The reaction of the  helmsman is classic, when Tim Allen turns  to him and says &quot;TAKE US  OUT!&quot;. There's many DVD's I've purchased that will forever gather dust  on the shelf. This isn't one. It's uncomlicated relaxing  entertainment.  Ideal for those evenings when you can't face a long complex plot. Well  worth the investment.
B00000IQBM|5.0|wonderfully directed, acted, and written, the shining is a true masterpiece in film. it is one of the few films that can be scary yet not lame. the only thing that could have made it better would be if stephen  king actually assisted in writing the screenplay. the movie is far from the  book yet it still possesses a certain magnificence. people, quit whining  about the DVD's change to 4:3 because THAT WAS THE WAY KUBRICK WANTED IT.  the only sad thing about this is that kubrick died before we could get the  original ending to the film. but still, it is a classic
B00003CWL6|5.0|If you look beyond the surface of this movie, its not trying to make a statement, its about life.  I think the title may throw people off a bit.  For those who didn't see it the first time give it another shot and try to  think about what our main characters are realizing.<br />Life is just life,  you only really get one shot, don't waste it.  Life is about living.   Perhaps you can realize it without having to go through these situations  yourself.  This is why this movie is so great, IMHO.<br />-g
0783216084|5.0|Jaws is easily one of the best films ever. i loved the first time, and i loved it the tenth time. the best part is the fact that this movie is 25 years old now and the effects dont look more than ten years old. the  suspense is wonderful and the score by john williams is a treasure. i  cannot wait until i get my hands on the special edition.
B00000J2KX|5.0|I disagree with many here who reserve praise from this film because it doesn't hold true to the King book.  Simpleminded adherence to a manuscript plotline is a sure way to kill a book adaptation.  This movie is in its own  league above all others in its accurate portrayal of the feel, the  prescient atmosphere, and the palpable enveloping terror that surrounds the  family in the Overlook (not to mention myself when I read the book).  To  whine about it not including every occurence in the book is peurile King  fanboy nonsense.  If that's what you want, rent the 1997 TV movie.  I hear  Rebecca DeMornay is a hoot.
0156528207|5.0|This book touches the heart. It is at all not for kids . It has a very deep meaning. Tame Others and then u will be tamed by others and enjoy the beauty and nearness to it. Excellent book ....
B00003CXBK|5.0|I went to see this movie on the cinema. It was just great! I knew I had to buy it, see it again. The magic, the reality and the bravery made me love it. There was one thing wrong, though. The movie was rated for six year old  children. But it's too violent for them and they couldn't understand it  anyway.
B00000J2SR|3.0|The success of &quot;Stone Cold&quot; from the last album must have gone to Ritchie's (or Joe's) head.  For starters &quot;Street of Dreams&quot; is virtually the same song (and another hit).  Unfortunately, whereas  &quot;Stone Cold&quot; was a pop aberration on the otherwise hard rocking  &quot;Straight Between the Eyes&quot;, the majority of &quot;Bent Out of  Shape&quot; tries for more pop-metal hits.  At least there is nothing as  dreadful as the lowpoints on &quot;Difficult to  Cure&quot;.<br />&quot;Bent&quot; is still way better than the conventional  pop-metal of the day.  Blackmore is far too good a songwriter and arranger  for his music to be mistaken for Poison, Winger and other such 80's  hair-metal junk.  Yes, Joe Lynn Turner is allowed to steer the band into  mostly banal love song lyrics (his specialty), but his vocals are strong,  particularly on &quot;Can't Let You Go&quot;.  And Blackmore contributes  the expected guitar fireworks including a couple of stunning instrumentals  in &quot;Snowman&quot; and &quot;Anybody There&quot;.  You won't hear  anything like that on a Poison record (and would you want to?).
0767821629|4.0|I passed it up several times at the video store &amp; I am glad that I finally rented it!
006092988X|5.0|I read A Tree Grows in Brooklyn for a school summer assignment and loved it!  Once you get into the story, you don't even realize you are turning the pages.  There is a lot of action and different events going on the  whole time.  It is very realistic about life tragedies and joys.  The  author has a unique vocabulary and I can't wait until I can read another  one of her books, Joy in the Morning.
0399215921|5.0|This was a story about a spider that spins a web without allowing itself to be distracted by the other farm animals.  Its theme is starting a job and finsihing it and how a simple creation can become beautiful.<br />Note to  teacher: This is a multisensory book greeat for tactile learners.  It  discusses the different farm animals and the sounds they  make.It has  repetitive text.The book also talks about the different jobs that animals  have.
B000002J1O|4.0|This album is not quite a masterpiece (like many have said), but rather an overall good (perhaps very good) album, with a few flaws. Some of the vocal bits may be a little boring, but the instrumental sections (especially on  Dancing With... and Firth of Fifth) are excellent. Particularly of note are  Tony Banks's keyboards and Phil Collins's virtuoso drumming. Unlike most  prog rock bands, they don't rely so much on guitar to drive their  instrumental sections, but they are still a worthwhile listen.
0316779237|3.0|onLy ONE person has an existence more tRiviaL than a woMan shunted foR the eternaL 27 YO...poor daviD stuck in his past...<br />&amp; yea, beholde,  he has indeed become a fake 27 year olde. [sorry david...not you.  i'M talking  to myself.]<br />youR travaiLs &amp; traverses seemed more daunting than mine.  then.<br />&amp; i needed it. good mediciNe<br />i wish i kNew italiaN....
B00003CWLE|5.0|I found this movie to be BRILLIANT!  Jodie Foster is outstanding in the role of Anna Leonowens - she is a beautiful mix of bravery, intelligence and Victorian elegance.  Chow Yun-Fat is also outstanding in the role of  King Mongkut - he emits a regal quality as well that of compassion and  intelligence.  The cinematography is out of this world and the directing  exquisite.  The dialogue is perfect, and it strikes just the right chord of  polished writing.  The musical score is breathtaking.  The lush scenery and  thick emotion is set to elegant, strong, and graceful music.  It is  forceful when it need be and then fades quietly into the background... at  times supporting a scene with gentle rolling waves of ear pleasure.  Oh and  the costumes!  They are completely amazing, and startling in their detail.   From the majestic elephants to the smallest noble they are all cloaked in  carefully chosen fabrics.<br />This movie in all its entirety affected me very  deeply.  The intense emotions of the characters are so expertly performed  and directed that they feel incredibly real.  These emotions, which course  through &quot;Anna and the King,&quot; create a moving, exciting, and  anticipatory experience. I am very grateful to all of those involved in the  making of &quot;Anna and the King&quot; for producing such a beautiful and  extraordinary film.  Anyone who is contemplating viewing this movie... do  it.  I only hope that you, too will have the pleasure of being able to  fully indulge in this feast for the senses.
6305718954|1.0|I hated this movie.  I found the whole plot insulting, as if the writers and director felt that they could put together a mosaic of thoroughly pointless, unexplained scenes and sub plots just because it looked neat.   The characters were unbelievable and stereotypical.  The movie made a grand  attempt to be deep and thought-provoking and failed miserably.  Stigmata  left me with the urge to gather the producer, director, writer, and all the  cast together, spank them all very hard and send them to their rooms  without their supper to think about what they have done.  I am sorry if  this review offended anyone who happened to enjoy this movie, but it hurt  me very badly and I needed to hurt it back.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Only Tim Burton could make a film that rivaled the original classic Washington Irving short story &quot;The Legend of Sleepy Hollow&quot;.  The special effects are the best I have seen in a long time.  The Headless  Horseman is quite possibly the most terrifying character ever created.   This is not a movie for the weak-stomached.  With 18 graphic   decapitations, an impalement, hundreds of gallons of blood, and more than  it's share of twisted themes to its name, it will make even the bravest man  cringe.  But it is a masterpiece of film making. No one but Christopher  Walken could play the hessian horseman, he is truly terrifying.  I highly  reccomend this to all who dare to question their beliefs.
1577311523|5.0|I have been an active passionate &quot;seeker&quot; for over 10 years.  I have read many books, gone to many forums but none have allowed me to get to where it was I wanted to be.  Mr. Tolle has helped me to end that  search.  I have never felt such joy, peace and love before in all aspects  of my life.  I read it every day so as to keep the message strong.  Once I  master the techniques I will have no use for the book.  I have given out 5  copies as gifts to my relatives and friends.  If you want to get there,   Mr. Tolle will guide you right to the brink.  The last step has to be yours  and yours alone.  I hope you have the courage to take that last step  because the place you get to is indescribable.
0385484518|3.0|Endearing booklet about a yuppie sportswriter in a mild midlife crisis who rediscovers his sociology professor from Brandeis, a sweet old man whose charisma has also attracted Ted Koppel and Nightline to witness the  professor's last days as he succombs to ALS.  The author makes weekly  pilgimages to receive fatherly affection and sage advice from his expiring  mentor, consisting of simple truisms made more poignant by the progress of  the old man's disease, and the imminence of his demise.<br />I lost my  cynicism about the length of the book, and its price, when I learned in the  afterward that the book was Morrie's idea, and that the advances helped pay  medical bills.  It's a pretty puny dose of chicken soup, but at the Amazon  price it makes a nice gift because its easy to read and carries a warm,  loving message.
B000001GQH|5.0|The three performances in this CD will help immortalize perhaps the greatest director of the twentieth century: Herbert von Karajan.  Karajan's control of Debussy's La Mer (The Sea) leaves you breathless, as it  transports you directly to the big blue.  Mussorgky's Pictures at an  Exhibition, is another excellent example of not only Karajan's genius, but  also of the richness of sound and musical textures that the Berliner  Philarmoniker (Berlin Philharmonic) is capable.  But what really makes this  CD worth, is Karajan's direction of Ravel's Bolero, a magnificent, hypnotic  composition lasting more than 16 minutes of pulsating musical beauty.  If  you want to know why von Karajan is considered one of the best orchestral  directors, this CD will answer all those questions and eliminate all  doubts.
B00003BDXG|5.0|este film es una excelente parodioa sobre la violencia.repleto de imagenes violentas que saturan la pelicula, el film se mueve a traves de un hilo de crimenes y violencia sin freno. particularmente creo que es buena pero a  muchas personas no les agrado, tal vez se tomaron muy literalmente el  mensaje, la pelicula no le hace homenaje a la violencia, la sociedad si. la  pelicula es una parodia de nosotros riendiendole culto a la mass media  y  es eso lo que quiza no nos guste,  que se nos relaje algo que tomamos tan  en serio como los actos violentos. es muy buena disfrutenla.<br />LUIS MENDEZ  luismendez@codetel.net.do
0060196122|1.0|I have some personal experience with the subject matter, but that is really not relevant to my criticisms of the book.  I found Coelho's writing style very distant and not very engaging.  The ending is a cheap hollywood  trick and fails to bring any real insight on the subject matter.  The body  of the work is told from a very distant perspective and the reader is never  drawn into the story.  A waste of time and money!
6304712936|5.0|podran tildarlo de aninado y de jugeton en sus composiciones, pero su musica me encanta. y esta pelicula describe a ese espiritu libre y jugeton que debio tener ese joven, con esa figura paterna tan fuerte y que tanto  temor le inspiraba. el papel de salieri esta muy bien disenado como  contrapunto de la trama y que la historia este narrada por el le da un  cierto aire de credibilidad. incluso llegue a pensar que existio, tuve que  ponerme a investigar para saber que salieri era solo un contrapunto de la  historia.<br />la vida de mozart fue muy corta, pero de una intensidad  increible como una de esas estrellas que brillan con tanta intensidad por  poco tiempo contra los espiritus mediocres que brillan sin lustre por  siglos y siglos para luego ser olvidados. excelente pelicula disfrutenla.  LUIS MENDEZ crazzyteacher@hotmail.com
B000021XR5|5.0|-What can I say.....the music is intense when listening to cd/tape/radio/lp whatever.....<br />BUT these guys were so outrageous LIVE in concert down in Atlantic City NJ....<br />If you think they sound good on cd  and speakers you will be blown away at STP's live shows!<br />WOW!     and if ya cant see them live well then buy the CD!
B00001U0DP|5.0|esta historia nos ensena que a pesar de todo la vida es bella,  es un canto  a la esperanza cuando parece que toda esperanza se ha perdido, que no nos queda mas ramedio que echarnos por los suelos a llorar, pero este  hombre por amor a su hijo y a sabiendas de que no hay salida decide irse  por el camino de la esperanza, pues aunque el no logre salir con vida, su  hijo que nos cuenta la historia, se encargara de darnos esa chispa que a  veces nos hace falta para creer.... la pelicula me estremecio y me  sorprendio, ni siquiera tuve tiempo para las lagrimas pues la sorpresa y el  asombro fueron mayores. excelente pelicula,  no dejen de verla.<br />LUIS  MENDEZ crazzyteacher@hotmail.com
B00004TR2G|5.0|The original release of Jaws is one of my alltime favorite soundtracks. Not for the famous, haunting two-note motif, but for the other, incredibly ambitious tracks when John Williams still put his ALL into his scores (not  that I don't like some of his recent scores as well). The best track, Shark  Cage Fugue, is an accomplished double fugue that works on an intellectual  level but still works brilliantly in the tense scene in the film.<br />This CD  has 20 minutes of additional music and better clarity (the original has  that obvious '70s' sound quality), which means I will actually own both.  But if you are one of the rare people who likes soundtracks but doesn't  even have the original, you will be treated to the most brilliant score  Williams has ever done (which is somehow overlooked as such). I personally  feel it tops (or at least matches!) his greats such as Star Wars, Empire,  Phantom Menace, Raiders, and Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade.
0790743132|3.0|If I were suddenly transported back to 1940's America I'm sure Casablanca would strike many resonating issues with me. But as the situation exists I am too young to have even a memory of fifty years ago. Even so I can  clearly see that Director Michael Curtiz found many ways to tie the  originally B track movie into hearts of and eventually the culture of  Americans. It was probably difficult to find Americans that were not  somehow personally involved in the greater European war efforts. I would  think it was easy for the public to identify with the American vs. Nazi  propaganda and I'm sure most Americans sympathized with travelers that had  to journey through the hazardous gateway town of Casablanca.   Most of  the film revolves around Rick Blane's(Humphrey Bogart) night club. Rick is  mostly detached from the troubles surrounding him saying many times \\"I  stick my neck out for no one.\\" But his faade is pierced when his forgotten  love Ilsa Lund Laszlo(Ingrid Bergman) visits his club accompanied by her  husband, Victor Laszlo(Paul Henreid) an American propaganda leader.   I  was amazed at the impact Casablanca has visibly had on our society.  For  example Bogart inserted many lines into our culture such as \\"Here's looking  at you, kid,\\" and \\"play it again Sam.\\" I was interested to learn where  these lines were first made widely public. I suppose it's these elements  that sink into society and make a film like this a classic. I had a  difficult time following the film for about the first half hour and then  things started making more sense. I would give a higher score if the  opening had set the stage a little better. I also feel like the movie is  not targeted at my general demographic characteristics but it does a good  job of letting us look into the attitudes that were prevalent in the  1940's. An extra point goes to Curtiz for using a juggler in the opening  scenes long enough to enjoy and get recognized in the Juggling Information  Service's Juggling in Movies list. (I checked) So, Casablanca ends up with  a final score of 3 stars-a good classic movie but not on the top of the  stack.
0446677450|2.0|Some interesting philosophies. I couldn't agree more that people live beyond their means by adjusting their spending to their income. Basically we do not save enough in an effort to keep up with the Joneses. I am not  sure I needed a book to tell me that. <br />As far as his advice, I felt like  I was reading an infomercial about buying and leveraging real estate. Works  if you know that you are doing and the timing is right, but taking your  savings and leveraging it into a downpayment on a distressed piece of real  estate is marginal investment advice at best. In the next downturn many  foreclosure companies are bound to make a mint if people follow this  advice. It is kind of like doubling your bet everytime you win in Vegas. It  can make you tremendously wealthy until the inevitable time when you lose  and there is nothing left.
0553260111|5.0|This was the second Ludlum book I read and it iced my addiction cake! Who is this man who was filled with bullets? The book is filled to the brim with questions and Ludlum doesn't answer them until it would be cruel and  unusual punishment to not do so!  Jason Bourne as a character is very well  done! His self-doubts are believable. Even though the romance is a bit over  the top, the book is such a great read you don't even notice it until you  are done. I have read this book a few times now, and each time I am  engrossed in Bourne's search for his identity amidst a storm of intrigue  and death. Ludlum put everything in this one and spares no plot twist. It  is flawless and you must read it now! Read it!
6303269842|5.0|If anyone saw the recent movie Shangai Noon, and you liked it, there is a better movie than that.  It is called Maverick.  Maverick is one of the best movies out there.  You might think of it as a cheesy western before  seeing it, like I thought it would be, but it is not.  It is one the  greatest rides you'll take in front of your tv sets in a long time.  You  see a new side of Mel Gibsons humor.  And some of Jodie Foster's even a  little too.  The funniest person that steals the show, has got to be Ghramn  Green as the indian.  I didnt know how funny an actor he could be.  Rent  it, it is awesome.
630505116X|5.0|I admire bad films, and I enjoyed this very much indeed.  Not all the bad touches were successful - the comic relief character was annoying, despite his having an identical voice to Shaggy from Scooby Doo, and there was  something profoundly disturbing about the cloying amounts of wryness Treat  Williams managed to exude.  Apart from that, though, there are few things  to complain about.  <BR><BR>I was especially impressed by the way the  filmmakers combined the most successful elements of Alien 2 (heavily-armed  nutcases running around a compound being massacred by hideous monsters)  with the least successful elements of Alien 3 (British actors constantly  shouting ridiculous lines).  Most notable in this respect was Jason  Flemyng, the ginger thesp of Lock, Stock... fame.  His delivery of such  lines as 'It's like they've all just... vanished', 'You killed him didn't  you' and - best of all - 'Eat this, you wankers!' was a high point of my  moviegoing life, and I was sorry to see him eaten (sorry, drunk) by a  tentacle-beast.  However, the ship captain (who bore an astonishing  resemblance to one of the Chuckle Brothers) managed to outstage him by  crying 'What the bloody hell is going on?' in a very impressive way.
B00004T9UH|5.0|This is probably 1 of the bestest rap CD outta here! This is a gotta get CD for sure! Sure, he cuzz alot in this CD, but I mean c'mon, what's the fun if there ain't no cuzz in it?  This is actually a very emotional CD,  EminEm raps his whole life, and you can probably relate to it. Some songs  are actually pretty sadistic, some songs totally crack ya up! My favorite  songs are: Stan, The Real Slim Shady, I'm back and Under The Influence.  Anyways, 1 word for this CD: Gotta Get It! <br />--*EminEm Fan*--
B00003CXAR|5.0|Speilberg catches a lot of flack over the commercial success of this movie and how it supposedly changed the movie business to a &quot;blockbuster&quot; culture.  Maybe it did, I don't know, but that's  not Spielberg's fault.  This is simply a great adventure film--funny,  fast-moving, gripping--and it contains the scariest scene I've ever seen in  a movie, the scene in which Quint tells the story of being on the USS  Indianapolis.  Robert Shaw's acting genuis makes us feel like we're in the  water with all those doomed sailors and it's terrifying.  We see all the  sharks swarming in on them without Spielberg having to show them to us.   That's great filmmaking.
6305622930|5.0|When this movie was released, it was almost immediately recognized as one of the finest, most accurate and most sensational biographies ever filmed. The unique integration in &#34;Patton&#34; of such fine acting, such a wonderful  script, and the filming itself combined to make this a gorgeous film to  watch, be entertained with, and also learn from in terms of its historical  value as an absolutely superb depiction of a most controversial man and his  times. All that said, this is a movie best enjoyed with the kind of visual  clarity, terrific cinematography, and matchlessTechnicolor it offers by  way of DVD technology.<br /><br />George C. Scott gives the performance of a  lifetime as the ego-drive, brilliant, and iconoclastic Patton, marvel of  the U.S Army, a man the Germans are convinced is far and away the single  best General the Allies have, and they watch him convinced he is the only  logical centerpiece for American plans for the impending invasion of  Europe.  Of course, they didn't understand the politics of the day, or the  degree to which Patton was his own worst enemy. Yet the progress of the  story on the screen convinces the viewer of the accuracy of the German  command's judgments of him; he is at once bold, brilliant, and innovative,  willing to improvise as he goes along to seize the opportunity of a given  moment, attempting to grab hold of the ever-present chaos of the situation  to transform it into an asset he can employ to gain advantage and win the  engagement.<br /><br />Such men as Patton (and MacArthur and others) are uniquely  suited for war; they do not ordinarily fare well or survive with much  public acclaim during less extreme and bloodcurdling times. The fact that  Eisenhower, for example, succeeded so well as President is probably due  more to the fact that he was less a battlefield commander and leader of  &#34;desperate men in combat&#34; like Patton than he was a superb organizer and a  natural politician. The movie &#34;Patton&#34; is an investment in both  great entertainment and a colorful, dramatic, and educational video you can  share with your sons and daughters to help them understand better the  chaos, contradictions, and cruelties of war. Enjoy!nt in both  great entertainment and a colorful, dramatic, and educational video you can  share with your sons and daughters to help them understand better the  chaos, contradictions, and cruelties of war. Enjoy!
B00000JL86|5.0|why do the public not support these wonderfully animated movies. anastasia is a wonderful film full of warmth humour and some of the most beautiful animation seen. it certainley gives disney a run for its money. yet it was  only a modest success? i do not understand. lets hope that Titan AE is  supported or we may lose foxs future animated projects
B000002KOQ|5.0|In a thousand years, when someone wants to know what was so special and creative about the 1960s, they would do well to dust off this CD a give it a spin. From beginning to end this song cycle is her wondrous paean to the  simple and beautiful countercultural dreams of peace, love and community.  From &quot;Morning Morgantown&quot; and &quot;Ladies of the Canyon&quot; to  an evocative and ethereal acoustic rendition of &quot;Woodstock&quot;  (which Joni wrote) to &quot;Rainy Night Priest&quot; about  singer/songwriter Leonard Cohen to &quot;The Circle game&quot;, Joni sings  in perfect pitch with the contemporary ethos of the hopes and dreams of the  sixties babyboomers. Taken in total, the song cycle represents a sort of  informal manifesto of the counterculture's social and political worldview,  and a commentary on their earnest efforts to create a gentler, more  meaningful way of living. The dream may be gone, but Mitchell's gorgeous  and intricate lyrics, melodies and acoustic guitar arrangements meld into  an indescribably beautiful work. This album shows Joni at her apex, full of  love, hope, and compassion. For folk fans and people just interested in one  of the best albums to have come out of the unforgettable sixties, this is  an essential album. Enjoy.
6305907145|1.0|This movie does not do Jane Austen justice. Where is the traditional apology of the father after he finds out his charge was actually right all along? What have they done to the Antiguan subplot, and where did all this  comment on the Antiguan slave trade come from? What happened to the  layabout lifestyle of the eldest son, and why was he suddenly sent to  Antigua when in the book he was good for nothing? <br />This movie leaves so  many questions unanswered. The biggest one of all is why did the writers  even bother calling it Mansfield Park, when it evidently is not. Henry and  Mary Crawford's deception was never so obvious as in this movie. Their  countenance was revealed in more subtle ways - the product of bored sibling  minds. But what is this? Henry Crawford actually having sex with Mrs B? And  don't even start me on the basket of fireworks and doves. Jane Austen would  never have written such trite!<br />Any good fan of Jane Austen will tell you  that timing is everything in telling a story. Her novels are built to  careful meter, with rigorous and thorough treatment of every situation. The  movie however, manages to gloss over every intricate detail placed so  intelligently by Jane Austen in an attempt to provide a more fast-paced  account of sexual and mental betrayal. In fact, the movie tends to be  slower than the book, and certainly less detailed (I'm not even sure that  someone who hadn't read the book would understand what was going on half  the time). Some would argue that a movie is only two hours and one cannot  possibly cram a full book's worth of information into it. It would have  been nice, however, if they'd managed to include some of the plot.<br />As for  the ending....well what can I say. It could have turned out differently -  but it didn't.<br />The only saving grace of this movie are the well-cast  actors who play Edmund Bertrum and Fanny Price. The couple are adorable,  and I'm sure that if Edmund's nostrils stop quivering, he will make a good  actor some day.
0871137380|5.0|A great insight to the battle in Mogadishu - gritty, painful, even comical at times.  Really makes you feel like you're there.  A great tribute to the brave soldiers that fought and died that day.
0446525537|2.0|Nicholas Sparks' The Notebook was probably the best book I read last year.  This book is a very pale imitation.  The storytelling is enjoyable but by the end of the story you wonder what the whole point was.  I felt that  Landon would have done more with his life (like actually had one) if Jamie  had actually had the impact on him that he claims throughout.  The story is  interesting and is one you can share with your children but not as deep as  Sparks intended.
B0000060NF|5.0|Black or white, rich or poor, old or young this is an album you should own. If you fail to be intellectually or emotionally moved after listening to this quite wonderful record then I'm sorry to advise you that you're  dead.<br />As important and brilliant album today as it was 29 years ago. My  soul stirs just thinking about it.
B000002LMM|5.0|PERFECTLY SEQUENCED, PERFECTLY SINISTER AND PERFECTLY HYPNOTIC!  AN ALL OUT ATTACK ON YOUR EARS, THIS CD IS MOSTLY SCORE MUSIC BY ANGELO BADALAMENTI. MADE WITH THE CREATIVE INPUT OF DAVID LYNCH (OVER LOTS OF  TURKEY SANDWICHES AND SOMETIMES BACON) THIS IS AMONG THE BEST SOUNDTRACK  ALBUMS EVER. COMMENTS WELCOME AT nick82e@hotmail.com
076790382X|5.0|Its really a great thing when someone can look at the little, everyday mundane issues of life and make something out of them, and that's just what Bryson does in this book.  A collection of articles on his reflections  about american life after having lived in England for 20 years and then  moving back, this is an absolutely hilarious book, an essential  read.<br />This guy is a wonderful complainer, explainer, and retainer of  trivial knowledge.  Reading this book, you'll not only end up on the floor  laughing, you'll also learn something.  While a few of the articles feel  forced and aren't very funny (new computer/tax form/mysteries of life)  overall this is an engrossing, fun funny look at American life, lifestyle,  and the inconsistencies therein.  From drugs to energy consumption to law  to holidays to car trips,fresh air, computers, floss, pencil sharpeners,  attics, schooling, post offices, junk food, gardening -- you name it, it's  covered and exposed here.<br />This is definitely a book very worth reading.
6302914205|5.0|ENTER THE DEEP DARK WORLD OF DAVID LYNCH!  DO NOT WATCH THE EPISODES BY THEMSELVES OR OUT OF SEQUENCE AS THIS CAN LEAD TO SEVERE CONFUSION AND HAND-WRINGING. WATCH THE PILOT FIRST (PREFERABLY THE NON-EUROPEAN ONE  WITHOUT EXTRA CONFUSING SCENES), THEN EPS. 1-29, THEN THE FILM TWIN  PEAKS:FIRE WALK WITH ME. YOU WON'T REGRET IT. COMMENTS WELCOME AT  nick82e@hotmail.com
079073804X|3.0|I just watched this dvd for the first time. In the beginning, it was a little slow paced but then it picked up. Did anyone else think the first ten minutes was pointless? Anywayz, it was a movie that made me jump at  times and think at times. Well I would buy it if I were you.
B000000NN4|5.0|The master of the synthesizer takes us on a journey through time and space!<BR>And what a ride!!. It's all here. A 'no holds barred' instrumental epic that stretches the imagination beyond all earthly ties. On a more down to earth note, this album is a showcase for Vangelis' supreme musicianship and original composing skills. His music seems to epitomise the electronic sound of the seventies without ever sounding jaded or cliched.<BR>Pulsar is the classic track that everyone knows, but listen carefully and the subtleties reveal themselves. <BR>A must buy for all self respecting space/fantasy music fans.
B000005IRG|5.0|This is the quintesential modern rock record from the greatest American art-rock band ever.  Tom Verlaine and Television's approach is clever, with tons or interlocking guitar parts, rythmic basslines and tasteful drumming.  Verlaine's lyrics are dark, imaginative and dreamy, and his vocal delevery  fits the writing and guitar sound perfectly.  His pinched, strung out whine  expresses emotion and tells stories, even when the actual meaning is  unclear.  This album contains styles ranging from riffy rockers (&quot;See  No Evil&quot;) to soulful retro rock (&quot;Guiding Light&quot;) to eerie  ballads with cryptic lyrics (&quot;Venus&quot;). &quot;Friction&quot; and  &quot;Prove It&quot; are incredibly strong songs, in Television's upbeat  style. The longer songs, however are Television's strong suit.  &quot;Marquee Moon&quot; stands as the album's centerpiece, a testament to  what they can do as a band.  Few moments on record have the same feeling  one might get from listening to all the highly rythmic parts come together  with the drums on the opening of that track.  &quot;Elevation&quot; comes  next, and allows the energy to stay high.  The final track, &quot;Torn  Curtain&quot; is different in some ways.  Less guitar oriented, but moody  and introspective, and basking in darkness, bringing the album to a supurb  close.  This album is brilliant.  They took the genere of Velvet  Underground influenced art-rock, and did even more for it than even VU did.  Better than anything else, this album is ultra-essential!
B000000NN1|5.0|This is a fantastic piece of music. Full of power and dynamics. Everything that Vangelis does best. An in your face, electronic/instrumental/choral epic. An absolute must buy for any fan of the genre.
B000002I27|4.0|&quot;Strange Days&quot; is an interesting and strangly unified LP by the Doors.  Unlike their first album, this benifits from an approach that causes this to sound more like an album and less like a singles collection.  The songs all have a certain dreary psychedelic vibe with heavy keyboard,  and sometimes marimba (&quot;I Can't See Your Face In My Mind&quot;)  overdubs, and an emotive Jim Morrison delivery that almost always ends in  screaming.  &quot;People Are Strange&quot; and &quot;Unhappy Girl&quot; are  the pinnacle of this approach, but other tracks appear to stand out as  well.  &quot;Horse Latitudes&quot; is a short but dynamic poetry piece that  finds Jim's voice at its peak.  The tremolo soaked &quot;My Eyes Have Seen  You&quot; is notable for containing just about the only real rock guitar  solo on this album.  &quot;Moonlight Drive&quot;, however, is catchy but  annoying and &quot;Love Me Two&quot; times is thin blues with no energy.  The album closer &quot;When the Music's Over&quot; a &quot;The End&quot;  style performance peice, clocking in at eleven minutes, is funky and  interesting, dispite some lyrical problems, and less entertainment value  than &quot;The End&quot;.  Taken together, the album is coherent and  powerful with strong performances by each member of the LA quartet.
B00000J7JO|5.0|I have been a fan of rhcp since Blood Sugar Sex Magik and I had been putting off buying this for a loooong time. I finally got it and was amazed. I thought they had lost their fun, spunky funk side, but boy was a  wrong.. sure, they have their share of slow, serious, excellent lyric  songs, but they also have fun funk songs (i.e. Emit Remmus, Around The  World, I Like Dirt, etc...) with some very shocking lyrics (i.e.  &quot;Purple Stain&quot;...) but this is a must get. definately. RHCP get a  standing ovation from me.
B00004TDTO|5.0|First off I have to say that this is my FAVORITE film of all time. It is an excellent adaptation of a pretty good book. Now on to the DVD. Universal has put together a very pleasing presentation of this classic film. Aside  from the film (presented in an excellent anamorphic format) the disc  includes 3 trailers, a TON of production photographs, and some really  awesome storyboards that show not only scenes that were filmed but scenes  that ended up on the cutting room floor. Along with that, we have a 60  minute documentary, &quot;The Making of Jaws&quot;, which includes  interviews with Steven Spielberg, Roy Scheider &amp; Richard Dreyfuss and  deleted scenes with outtakes.<br />Like I said previously, the film is  presented in an anamorphic widescreen format, with very natural looking  colors and few artifacts; this is simply the best the picture has ever  looked. The soundtrack has been remastered in Dolby Digital 5.1 &amp; dts  5.1. Both soundtracks sound very good, with the dts soundtrack having an  edge in the low frequency effects and surround activity. <br />The extras are  well presented. The trailers look good, and the numerous production photos  will be enough to whet even the most ravenous appetite of any JAWS fan.  Crew &amp; Filmmaker bios are included.<br />Perhaps one of the most  anticipated parts of the disc is the documentary. Fans of the 25th  Anniversary laserdisc will recognize it; it's the same one that was on the  laserdisc, except truncated by about an hour. It includes most of the  better parts of the original documentary, but it still would have been nice  to fit the entire 2 hour one on the disc.<br />Although some fans of the  original will complain of the new sound effects (needed to make the 5.1  surround sound more dynamic) I for one was pleased after the short  getting-used to period of the new sound effects. Since so much information  can be stored on the disc, the argument can be made that the original 1.0  mono sountrack could have been included (to placate the fans of the old  film). The only other thing I would have liked to see was the documentary  in its entirety, but after the aberration that was the  &quot;making-of&quot; on the anniversary THX videotape, this one was more  than welcome (as a matter of fact, why wasn't the DVD THX certified?) On  the whole, an awesome disc that should be in every film fans' collection...  kudos to Spielberg &amp; Universal for an excellent job!
0060282983|5.0|This is a wonderful book-sometimes a tear-jerker, sometimes witty and wise.  A well-written book.<br />Note to the Teacher: Draw attention to the season by using Guilded-questions. Example, &quot;What season was it when  the newborns pigs, geese, and other animals babies were being born.&quot;
B00004U2G4|5.0|This album, coupled when I bought it with &quot;Beck-Ola,&quot; showcases Jeff Beck during his blues period.  &quot;Truth&quot; is a wonderful bit of blues rock from the opening cover of the Yardbirds' &quot;Shapes of  Things,&quot; to the closing cover of &quot;I Ain't Superstitious,&quot;  this album is great.  Beck demonstrates his ability to deliver concise,  cosmic, and utterly original solos throughout this blues excercise.  There  is no more original guitarist in rock's history save Hendrix, and even then  I'd hate to have to live on the difference.  Jeff Beck never received the  commercial success of any of his peers, yet he also never played so  over-the-top as Hendrix and Page have, preferring to dole out his  brilliance in small doses.  There is really no bad song on this album, and  there are some really beautiful ones as well.  His version of the classic  &quot;Greensleeves&quot; should be standard guitar instruction for anyone  and the mild hit &quot;Beck's Bolero&quot; (with an uncredited turn by  Jimmy Page on bass) is another successful creative leap.  The singing is  provided by a young Rod Stewart and the bass (except &quot;Bolero&quot;) is  provided by Ron Wood.  Most songs are blues based and the guitar work by  Jeff Beck is superb.  I urge you to buy this album and gain an  understanding of why this guitarist is truly the greatest.
0679882820|5.0|This was my son's first book in English, and at 11 months, after 5 months of listening to it, he still can't have enough of it. Lately he started making some of the sounds (the rooster's cock-a-doodle-DOOO! and the owl's  hoo hoo hoo hoo are his favorites), so I figured he also learned something  in the process.<br />love it. go buy it now.
0679777547|1.0|While reading The Club Dumas it became painfully obvious why only seven people saw Johnny Depp's  movie adaptation of the book. Slow and tedious in sections, I found myself wishing that I could cut my wrists with the pages  to end the horror. What is ultimately the true source of frustration is  that this book has so much potential. A deal with the devil, a mysterious  vixen, an international search for a demonic book, ohhh, the wasted  potential.Look elsewhere for a good read. I feel for those who judge this  as an intellectual mystery. Please. In the end the bad guy all along is  unmasked as... the evil mastermind! The mysterious girl is... mysterious! I  would continue, but I must go translate my review into Spanish so as to  save the readers of the Spanish version.
B00004BZ0N|3.0|The third LP from the Clash finds them still in an angry political mood, but indifferent musically.  As was the trend in the mid to late seventies, this album is slathered with guitar chorus effects and in the punk  tradition, thinly produced.  Overall, it is formed from a stylistic stew of  punk, reggae, rockabilly, funk, pop-rock and disco... Wait, scratch punk  from that list.  What was I thinking?  Oh well, this has little to do with  the enjoyment of the album, as long as punk is not expected.  They prove  themselves to be surprisingly tuneful on the better tracks (&quot;Spanish  Bombs&quot;, but they should have learned from the Beatles &quot;Sun  King&quot; that brits were not meant to sing in spanish) but an extreme  lack of taste on the lesser tracks (&quot;Jimmy Jazz&quot;, &quot;Wrong 'Em  Boyo&quot;, and the 'classic' rudeboy sarcasim-fest &quot;Rudie Can't  Fail&quot;).  This is a band that has no less than two faces.  One is their  tough middle-class exterior, which makes its only appearance on this  album's punkish take on the &quot;Elvis Live&quot; album cover.  What does  show up on the album is their political stance, including an upbeat  Operation Ivy inspiring indictment on consumerism and cocaine  addiction(&quot;Koka Kola&quot;), and bleak world view (&quot;London  Calling&quot;).  Few tracks stand out, but the ones that don't are not bad,  just too homogenized to be great.  Other standouts include the seventies  rocker &quot;Death or Glory&quot;, the fantastic Paul Simonon reggae song  &quot;Guns of Brixton&quot; and the mannered disco of &quot;Lost in the  Supermarket&quot;.  Some of the lyrics are obscure, the second half drags a  bit after &quot;Koka Kola&quot; and the funky &quot;Train in Vain&quot; is  abysmal, but fans will find plenty to love about this album.  After all,  100,000 Clash fans can't be wrong. (More Elvis refs... sorry)
B000002J1F|5.0|THE BAND: Jon Anderson (vocals), Steve Howe (guitars), Chris Squire (bass), Rick Wakeman (organ, piano, mellotron, synth), Bill Buford (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1972) 9 tracks clocking in at just over 41 minutes. Included with the disc is a 4-page foldout containing song titles/credits/times, song lyrics, thank you's, all original photographs and Roger Dean artwork. Recorded at Advision Studios, London. This digitally remastered version released in 1994. There is another digi-pak release (2003) with 2 bonus tracks and extended liner note available as well. Label - Atlantic.<br /><br />COMMENTS: In my opinion, Yes was as good, but never better than here on \\"Fragile\\". The huge hit \\"Roundabout\\" with its trademark guitar intro, the concert favorite \\"Heart Of The Sunrise\\", and the radio friendly (short) \\"Long Distance Runaround\\"... not to mention the short masterpieces from Wakeman \\"Cans & Brahms\\", Steve Howe's \\"Mood For A Day\\", Chris Squire's \\"The Fish\\", Jon Anderson's voice over voice \\"We Have Heaven\\", and drummer Bill Buford's \\"Five Percent Of Nothing\\". \\"Fragile\\" is such an easy listen (without hitting the skip button)... unlike so many of their albums. In the 1970's, Yes defined \\"progressive rock\\". They were open to space jams, art rock, and experimentation. Though you won't find much experimentation here (see \\"Tales From Topographical Oceans\\" for that), \\"Fragile\\" takes you on a journey that was way ahead of its time. The album is basically 3 songs... the opener \\"Roundabout\\" (8+ minutes), the middle \\"South Side Of The Sky\\" (8+ minutes), and the masterpiece album closer \\"Heart Of The Sunrise\\" (10+ minutes)... mixed with several individual performances from each band member at 3 minutes or less. Anderson's unique voice, Howe's amazing abilities on guitar, Wakeman's creative keyboards, Squire's incredible bass playing, and Buford's complex drumming. Yes were the pioneers of the time. Decades and numerous albums later, the band is still chugging along and each of the original band members have enjoyed solo careers on the side. A classic disc (5 stars).ng and each of the original band members have enjoyed solo careers on the side. A classic disc (5 stars). <br />
0465068359|1.0|As the self-proclaimed first English text to deal throughly with the Nanking Massacre,The Rape of Nanking, does not deliver much. Pioneers may blaze a trail for others, but their work is usually sub-par. This is  certainly true of Ms.Chang's work. I commend her for trying to enlighten a  public that was unaware of the Nanking Massacre, but her book does not add  to intellectual debate.<br />As a history student I was aghast to read such a  thinly researched book in print. Ms. Chang's journalistic background  perhaps dooms her to only delve beneath the shallow surface of the Japanese  occupation of China. She makes sweeping generalizations without qualifying  them. She also makes false comparisons between Germany's actions and that  of Japan's during and after the war. She claims that compared to Germany,  Japan did little to weed out the perpetrators of war crimes. But anyone  with a modicum of knowledge about WWII would know that the  'de-nazification' program in Germany was far from sweeping. Many Nazis  continued successful carrers in both public and private life. This is but  one of many glaring historical mistakes. I find it striking that while Ms.  Chang bemoans the historical obscurity of the Nanking Massacre, she falls  victim to historical inaccuracy.<br />For those readers who are expecting an  historical account of this book, be fore-warned that this book fails by all  accounts.<br />As if the historical half-truths and inaccuracies weren't bad  enough, Ms. Chang's halting and almost monosyllabic writing leaves the  reader bored and irrated. I will not even comment on the shrill and baised  tone she adopts throughout the book. I hope that the next time that Ms.  Chang decides to write a book she will spend more time on researh and  improving the quality of her writing. All in all, if you are looking for  historical account pass this book.
B00000JBFW|4.0|THE BAND: Ian Gillan (vocals), Ritchie Blackmore (guitars), Roger Glover (bass), Jon Lord (keyboards), Ian Paice (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1984) Originally 9 songs clocking in at just over 44 minutes on Polydor's label. This new remastered edition (Mercury Records) released in 1999 has 1 bonus (instrumental) track. Included with the disc is a 4-page booklet containing song credits/titles, song lyrics, original artwork/photos, and thank you's. All songs written by Blackmore/Gillan/Glover, except \\"Nobody's Home\\" written by all members. Recorded at Horizons (Le Mobile Studio) in Stowe, Vermont.<br /><br />COMMENTS: Deep Purple was on top of the hard rock world in the early 1970's. A million-plus seller in \\"Machine Head\\" (1972) featuring a trademark heavy hitter with \\"Smoke On The Water\\". Sold out concerts, billed as the loudest show you'll ever see. 5 talented A-List musicians. Yet, Blackmore and Gillan just couldn't get a long... and so goes Deep Purple. With \\"Come Taste The Band\\" (1976), the band was all but going in different directions. Blackmore and Gillan were both gone and doing other things (separately). Nine years of silence. 1984 marked the reuniting of the original 5 members... giving us the aptly titled \\"Perfect Strangers\\". Their getting back together would be hit and miss over the next 2 decades. In my opinion, this is one of their best albums AFTER their classic early 70's period. \\"Perfect Strangers\\" is easily their best album of the 80's. Two songs here made it to the radio with some frequency... the 7 minute \\"Knocking At Your Backdoor\\" and the Led Zeppelin \\"Kashmir-esque\\" title track. Both tracks have great intro's utilizing Jon Lord and Ritchie Blackmore's extreme talents. Some of the real gems are the deeper album cuts... the rocking \\"Under The Gun\\", and \\"Nobody's Home\\"... and the slow bluesy \\"Mistreated-esque\\" song \\"Wasted Sunsets\\". The digitally remastered sound delivers deeper basses and crisper highs - it's well worth looking for this edition with the improved sound and the one bonus track (\\"Son Of Alerik\\"). I won't put this DP album on the same lofty perch as \\"Machine Head\\", \\"In Rock\\" or \\"Fireball\\", but it's easily on the 2nd tier with many of their other great albums. Still a classic (4 stars).for this edition with the improved sound and the one bonus track (\\"Son Of Alerik\\"). I won't put this DP album on the same lofty perch as \\"Machine Head\\", \\"In Rock\\" or \\"Fireball\\", but it's easily on the 2nd tier with many of their other great albums. Still a classic (4 stars).
B0000085N4|4.0|I bought this cd a few months ago because I liked this cd in jr high school. I was not dissapointed. Ian Asbury proved again and again that he has one good set of lungs! If only more of todays bands had frontmen half  as talented as Ian Asbury we would all be better off. I was surprised to  find in the liner notes that studio musicians were used for certain parts  (I didn't know there were only three members of the band)--they did a great  job though. The way the cd speaks of America, you would think this was a  band from the heartland of America--but (at least the frontman) was born  (and raised I think) in ENGLAND. If only more Amreicans had his American  patriotism.
B000002KEV|5.0|THE BAND: Ritchie Blackmore (guitars), Ian Gillan (vocals), Jon Lord (keyboards), Roger Glover (bass), Ian Paice (drums & percussion).<br /><br />THE DISC: (1973) 2 vinyl albums now on 1 disc. 7 songs clocking in at approximately 77 minutes. Included with the disc is a 6-page booklet with original artwork and black & white photos, song titles, song times, and a brief 1-page intro. Songs recorded live in Tokyo and Osaka, Japan. A new '25th Anniversary Edition' 2-disc version is available as of 1998 - with digitally remastered sound and bonus tracks (and very much worth looking for)... an added 21 minutes featuring the songs \\"Black Night\\", \\"Speed King\\" and \\"Lucille\\". There is also a more complete (rare) 3-disc version availabe as well. Label - Warner Bros.<br /><br />COMMENTS: \\"Made In Japan\\" is perhaps one of the best live recordings of a hard rock / heavy metal act ever. Think of the other classic acts that had great live albums from the past... Peter Frampton, Led Zeppelin, Kiss, Foghat, UFO, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Iron Maiden, etc. Outside of Kiss, I don't think any of these recordings offer the full package of excellent sound quality/production, emotion, excitement, audience participation, and a great selection of songs. The audience was respectfully quiet during the songs and really let it out in between them. The slower parts of \\"Child In Time\\" - you can hear a pin drop. It's interesting to listen, when \\"Smoke On The Water\\" is introduced by Gillan the crowd is silent... almost like they're not sure what they're about to hear. The 6 minute drum solo on \\"The Mule\\" was enthralling from Ian Paice - one of the best rock drummers EVER. Jon Lord's keyboard work is 2nd to none. His best work on this album is on the songs \\"Lazy\\" and \\"Child In Time\\". Seems that Lord and Blackmore had some great fun dueling back and forth. Some of the tunes, like \\"Strange Kind of Woman\\" and \\"Child In Time\\" sound better here than on the studio album. Gillan's interaction with the audience at the end of \\"Strange Kind Of Woman\\" is priceless. Ritchie Blackmore's trademark guitar sound and blistering solo's are amazing. 7 total songs - short track list but 6 of the 7 songs are 9+ minutes or longer. Two songs (\\"The Mule\\", Strange Kind Of Woman\\") from \\"Fireball\\"; one song (\\"Child In Time\\") from \\"In Rock\\"; and four from \\"Machne Head\\". The album closer is the marathon \\"Space Truckin'\\" clocking in at just under 20 minutes. \\"Made In Japan\\" is a highlight reel of two great shows on the \\"Machine Head Tour\\" in '73. The only thing wrong with this original issue is that it's just not long enough. Now, with the remastered \\"25th Anniversary\\" edition you can buy more of the show. Classic disc (5 stars).Kind Of Woman\\" is priceless. Ritchie Blackmore's trademark guitar sound and blistering solo's are amazing. 7 total songs - short track list but 6 of the 7 songs are 9+ minutes or longer. Two songs (\\"The Mule\\", Strange Kind Of Woman\\") from \\"Fireball\\"; one song (\\"Child In Time\\") from \\"In Rock\\"; and four from \\"Machne Head\\". The album closer is the marathon \\"Space Truckin'\\" clocking in at just under 20 minutes. \\"Made In Japan\\" is a highlight reel of two great shows on the \\"Machine Head Tour\\" in '73. The only thing wrong with this original issue is that it's just not long enough. Now, with the remastered \\"25th Anniversary\\" edition you can buy more of the show. Classic disc (5 stars).
B00002E233|4.0|Okay, so it's not Jaws, but if you wanted to watch Jaws you would, right?  I liked the story and the effects in this film.  After reading some things about Mako sharks, this film really made more sense.  I started to  understand why they chose Makos, etc.  It's a good film for suspending  disbelief.  Like Jurassic Park, you have to accept that it takes a touch of  liberty with science and then runs with it.  A fun film to watch,  especially with people afraid of sharks.  ;)
0679720200|5.0|That's what Mersault (the main character) seems to do. He just lets thing happen. &quot;The story of an ordinary man who unwittingly commits murder?&quot; No.&quot; The story of a man who unwittingly wakes up, walks  on the streets, helps a friend, eats, drinks...&quot; Committing a murder  is just a detail. This is about a man whose indifference about the word  makes him either too different or too ordinary. Depends on how you look at  it.  Things happen. You don't want to miss this book.
B00000K19E|5.0|In a time when movie making is far from an intelligent, creative process and cookie cutter movies such as ridiculous love stories or really stupid comedies are everywhere, the Matrix comes along. Thank God. Or Neo. A very  smart movie that is a visual special effects masterpiece. A movie that  holds your attention throughout and on that you will want to watch again. I  admit that through one viewing some people may not get the story because it  can be a little confusing at times. My recommedeation: watch it again.  The  story is one that we have seen variations of before, where a character is a  modern day savior or Jesus Christ if you will. But this is told in a very  entertaining manner and is very well written. I know that this review is a  little vague as to the overall story but that is the beauty of the movie  and I would rather not spoil it for those who have not seen it yet. The  best movie of 1999, American Beauty (which I also loved) included.
0684867621|3.0|Some of Stephen King's best stories have featured young(ish) children as protagonists or main characters - we offer \\"Firestarter\\", \\"It\\", \\"The Shining\\" and especially \\"The Body\\" as evidence.  Time and again, Mr. King has demonstrated an uncanny ability to tap into the minds and emotions of  the children we all once were and recreate those magical years for us to  live, fear and enjoy again.  Unfortunately, \\"The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon\\"  doesn't fall into this category; many of the book's problems could have  been solved merely by aging our heroine.<br /><br />As offered, \\"The Girl\\" asks  readers to suspend their disbelief that a 9-year-old city girl could  survive while roaming the southwestern Maine woods for more than a week, a  feat that most adults would be unable to accomplish.  Moreover, this young  girl (named Trisha) possesses a self-awareness and presence of mind -  demonstrated by the book's near continuous internal monologue - that elude  most people twice her age; note the sensitivity to the subtle differences  between definitions of \\"God\\" and what her father (i.e., Mr. King in a rare  personal appearance) calls the \\"Subaudible\\".  Finally, Trisha has an  attachment to Red Sox pitcher Tom Gordon (not the \\"real\\" Tom Gordon, Mr.  King assures us in a book-extending author's postscript) that is, frankly,  unnatural for a prepubescent young girl.  Put these qualities into a  13-year-old character, shorten the length of her trek by several days and  two-score miles, and the reader might be able to accept the premise.<br /><br />\\"The  Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon\\" could have benefited from more of Mr. King's  attention in other areas as well.  Instead, he relies on his old standbys,  the supernatural and delirium.  When Trisha first hears unexpected sounds  and experiences a sense of being watched, habitual readers of Mr. King's  fiction know that a monster is in the making (though few students of his  prose expect him to break one of his fundamental rules and actually show it  to us).  When the girl is first visited by visions of her friends and Tom  Gordon, we can guess that one of these phantoms will guide her to her  ultimate fate.  By concentrating on the claustrophobic effect of being lost  in a vast forest and eliminating the unexplainable, Mr. King could have  created a scary story of what happens inside the mind and soul of one so  horribly lost.  Change the protagonist again - now use a 33- or 43-year-old  woman experiencing typical but stressful life changes - and we might have a  truly terrifying and universal examination of our age.<br /><br />Instead, Mr. King  gives us what he has always promised, the literary equivalent of a Big Mac  & fries.  For this consistency if nothing else, we suppose, we can be  thankful.to us).  When the girl is first visited by visions of her friends and Tom  Gordon, we can guess that one of these phantoms will guide her to her  ultimate fate.  By concentrating on the claustrophobic effect of being lost  in a vast forest and eliminating the unexplainable, Mr. King could have  created a scary story of what happens inside the mind and soul of one so  horribly lost.  Change the protagonist again - now use a 33- or 43-year-old  woman experiencing typical but stressful life changes - and we might have a  truly terrifying and universal examination of our age.    Instead, Mr. King  gives us what he has always promised, the literary equivalent of a Big Mac  & fries.  For this consistency if nothing else, we suppose, we can be  thankful.
B00000JMQE|5.0|I remeber watching this movie when I was rather young, about three or four. Although a bit scary, it wasn't worse than any other movies I had seen, take for example the violence in disney movies. Now that I am older,  I have grown to love the Oz books (I have read all fourteen by Baum) And  have come to see that thay are much better adapted from the Land of Oz and  Ozma of Oz than Wizard of Oz is. In Return to Oz, the events actually  happen, while in Wizard of Oz, it becomes a dream sequence. I think you  will enjoy this movie better if you don't look at it as the sequel to the  Wizard of Oz, but just as another movie.
B00003XB8K|5.0|This cd is one of their best! it's new and different. The music is perfectly put in place. Some ofthe people who like the other Enigma cds will have a hard time to ajust to the different style in this cd, but this  is a must buy!
B00004TR2G|5.0|The latest of the &quot;expanded&quot; soundtracks has arrived and we Boomers can rejoice! &quot;Jaws: The Anniversary Collector's Edition&quot; is what the original release should have been. This new version includes  John Williams' entire brilliant score for the classic Steven Spielberg  picture. And best of all, fellow soundtrack purists, these are not the  &quot;in studio&quot; re-recordings we are used to getting, but the actual  on-screen cues exactly as heard in the film, beautifully remastered in 2000  from the original film recording session tapes. As you listen to it, smiles  will come across your face as you hear the sections of cues you remember  from those exciting moments in the film, but were left off of the original  vinyl album. For we fans of &quot;Jaws&quot; and it's soundtrack, our  prayers have been answered.
6305171769|4.0|one of my favorites. dont listen to the critics who bad mouth the film is was very good. the only reason i gave it a 4 star rating instead of five  was because although it was a good movie the acting lacked in some ways.  but still one very watchable movie
0425129586|5.0|I read this book the summer before 7th grade, my dad made me, and I fell in love with it. I never get tired of reading it! I never would have guessed the ending in a million years! Thsi is compelling and so  suspenseful, if you can put this book down, it would be a miracle. I fully  recomend this to anyone and everyone.
B00004STPT|5.0|The music to this film is good enough to stand on its own.  The music, which is a wonderful part of a great movie, is powerful and moving.  Its quasi-oriental/middle eastern tones help create an atmosphere that is appropriate to the era.  The wonderful sound of this soundtrack along with  the cinematography make Gladiator more than a typical action flick.  Each  piece of music from this soundtrack is worth listening too at high volume.   If you want to preview the music, see the film.
0440219078|1.0|After reading this book, I felt very disturbed about the topic.  It has no clear ending, and is just badly written.  Don't read it.
078324228X|4.0|This is a powerful and compelling look at the life of Rubin Hurricane Carter (Denzel Washington) and his highly publicized fight for freedom from imprisonment.  Based on a true story, the film is an in-depth character  study including Carter's early life, the murders for which he was  incarcerated, his coping with prison and his court battles.<br />Veteran  director Norman Jewison creates a tight weave of factors affecting Carter's  life; his childhood, the turbulent civil rights movement of the 1960's, and  the people who came to his defense.  It is an impressive panoply of the  forces that swept over his life like a tidal wave. The period props and  costumes were well done and accurate in the 1960's scenes.  I loved the  fact that all the fight fans in the arena were wearing suits and ties.   Strange as it seems, that's the way it really was in the early 1960's.  The  camera work was very good and I particularly liked the use of black and  white for the fight scenes.  Though he plays fast and loose with the facts,  combining and inventing characters for dramatic effect, the changes do not  substantially detract from the authenticity of the story.  Unfortunately,  Jewison made a few choices that bogged the film down in the middle and  detracted from it.<br />The film presents some good historical footage of the  civil rights movement, but gets a little too preachy at times.  The  character development of Carter and Lesra was good, but the film would have  benefited from a little less of Carter's internment angst and more time in  character development of the Canadians.  Jewison also presented Detective  Della Pesca (Dan Hedaya) as an evil character of superhuman proportions, an  inconceivable depiction.<br />This was a superb performance by Denzel  Washington, perhaps his best to date.  His portrayal of the internal  struggle to use his seething anger to help him survive was sensational.  He  got himself into tremendous shape for the boxing scenes and handled himself  well in the ring.<br />I was also impressed with Vicellous Reon Shannon who  played Lesra.  He exuded sincerity, toughness and genuine empathy, and had  very good chemistry with Washington.<br />This strong drama grabs you like a  boa and doesn't let up.  I rated it an 8/10.  It is worth seeing for Denzel  Washington's performance alone.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|Baraka pushes forward the thought-provoking, nature-in-torment, narrative-free, meditative genre that was kickstarted by Koyaanisqatsi.  The pictures are fabulously clear, the photgraphy brilliant.  The music is  the most amazing feature, though, combining instruments and styles from  around the world in an impressively creative way.  For example, the  bagpipes and drums that blare out as the oil fields of Kuwait burn always  raise the hairs on the back of my neck.<br />If you liked Koyaanisqatsi you'll  love this.
6305499365|5.0|I recently bought this comedy at the store just due to its low price.  A comedy about working kind of sounded interesting coming from the maker of &quot;Beavis And Butthead&quot; and &quot;King Of The Hill&quot;  sounded  like a good idea.  I expected to laugh out loud and did, but not because of  the plight of hero Peter, but rather the antics of Milton, the mumbling  officer worker that never stands up for himself.  <br />The story actually  focuses on Peter (played by Ron Livingston), who is an office worker  struggling through his cubicle-encompassing job at Initech.  His life is a  mess with a girlfirend that cheats on him, the woman of his dreams (played  by Jennifer Anistion) not noticing him and having to put up with a monotone  boss.  After being hypnotized, he realizes he's had enough.  He starts  showing up less at work and when he does he just goofs off.  He also makes  a successful relationship with the girl of his dreams.  Peter also manages  to move up in the ranks with his new neglect for work.  Even with all this  Peter is unhappy because to of his hard working friends get laid off.  They  hatch a plan to rip off Initech and make a few bucks in the process. Of  course, chaos follows.  <br />This main story is good for many jokes, but  Peter as the normal guy that goes out of control isn't as funny as the  characters that are thrown in for even more comic relief.  One example is  the construction worker friend of Peter that lives next door.  Deitrich  Bader (from &quot;Drew Carey&quot;) is to funny as Peter's loud fishing  buddy Lawrence.  Joanna (Jennifer) is the best female presence in this  mostly male cast and her &quot;minimal requirement&quot; waitress is so  real and funny.  But the best is by fair Milton, who stutters stammers  through the film as the forgotten worker that is always being pushed in a  corner and treated like garbage.  While the film's story gets kind of slow  as Peter tries to heal things over with his girlfriend and restorethe  stolen money, keep your eye on Milton whose abuse is taken to new heights  (&quot;But I didn't get a piece of cake last time.&quot;).  He really makes  me laugh out loud and takes over the movie.  Just to see him in action is  magic.  See the movie for the incredible performance from Stephen Root as  Milton.  Where's his oscar?
B00000ILDF|2.0|Probably the most frustrating thing about this movie was the fact that it had so much potential. It had such a terrific setup from the previous film.  There were so many great paths they could have taken the story at the  conclusiion of &quot;Aliens&quot; that it is hard to figure out where they  took such a bad turn with Alien 3. There are very few characters that one  can sympathize with since it takes place on a prison planet filled with  rapists and murderers.  Sigourney Weaver tries to work with a particularly   lackluster script and story.  If it weren't for her sincerity and history  with the creatures, the movie would have been a complete disaster.  The end  of the film is also disappointing, giving us a particularly depressing  conclusion to the trilogy.  Several years later, I was excited to see  &quot;Alien: Resurrection,&quot; but it was even more disappointing than  this was.  If you want the true &quot;Alien&quot; experience, you can't go  wrong with the first two films.
0812580346|5.0|Do we have free will? Or is everything preordained? As a rationalist, I thought the former was true, but Sawyer makes a compelling case drawing on modern physics that the latter is really the case. His story is poised  right at the edge of our real world. It takes place at CERN (a real  particle physics lab in Europe) and involves the Large Hadron Collider  (which CERN is really building) and echoes the concerns of a few years ago  when we were worried about a plutonium bearing satellite possibly breaking  up and polluting the Earth about just who has the right to make decisions  that just might affect all of humankind.  The characters---Swiss, Canadian,  American, Japanese, Chinese---are all well drawn. Sawyer perhaps makes too  much of a tangential parallel to the movie THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL  but that's a minor quibble. This is a first rate novel.
0792842103|5.0|I loved this movie. We rented it from the Embassy and I immediately purchased it from Amazon. It did take a couple of viewings to understand all what was going on though. You really can't turn your brain off on this  one. I think that accounts for some of the negative reviews below. The  acting was exceptional. You expect it from De Niro and Reno but the lesser  parts were very well done indeed. The car chase scenes were probably the  best done so far and the shooting scenes were very, very realistic. We  couldn't get over how many innocent bystanders were shot in this movie.  This is not a &quot;good&quot; measure of success or anything but is one of  realism considering all the shooting going on. If you like to ponder the  twists and turns of a plot (think Mission Impossible One) and enjoy  &quot;dark&quot; movies then this is for you. I really, really enjoyed the  message of friendship and what that means that developed between De Niro  nad Reno. It seemed very real. I hope that there will be some kind of  sequel or another movie with these two dymanic stars. Reno was more  understated that De Niro, who clearly ran the operation once things got  moving. By the way, De Noro's motive for continuing after the case is  obvious. He still works for the Company! Reno continued because De Niro  saved his life and they become comrades in arms. Enjoy.
0451160916|5.0|I saw the movie first, the Kubrick film with Jack Nicholson, and I thought that one was spectacular.  But I am very serious when I say that the book is even better.  Having read the original, terrying words straight from the  pen of Stephen King, it almost makes me mad that Kubrick treated the  characters so hollowly in his movie.  In the movie, Jack Torrance is a man  insane.  In the book, Jack Torrance is a man fighting against the insanity.   Wow!  The characters are so real and handled so carefully, that being  trapped inside the Overlook is no longer just a freaky experience.  You run  along with them, filled with dread, from all the horrible personifications  of evil inside the hotel's awful walls.  There were several times where I  actually dropped the book and was too scared to pick it back up.   Intellectually, you know it's not real.  It's just a bunch of letters and  words grouped together on pages.  Still, whenever I go into the bathroom  late at night, I have to pull back the shower curtain just to make sure.
1878424319|5.0|There are only a few books that I would place in this category, but this became one of them.  The information in this book can change your life for the better.  A &quot;must read!&quot; for you and everyone you love.
0380977281|4.0|Stardust is a sparkling book that easily captures the reader with a wonderous fantasy. Much like the Myth series from Robert Asprin, Stardust relates a journey into a fantastic world with magical (and often humorous)  beings. This is a story about adventure and a quest for love, written with  lushly beatiful descriptions and delicious wit. As with his other stories  and books, Gaiman takes the reader on an undeniably fun, fantastical romp.  For more thorough fantasy (Stardust tends to be a bit light), try Gaiman's  &quot;Neverwhere&quot;.
0671015206|4.0|While this book is not a how to become a millionaire guide, by looking at the habits of first generation millionaires, it makes it seem within one's grasp.  My wife and I have been inspired to achieve millionaire status in  10 years after reading it!  It should be noted that The Millionaire Next  Door is geared mainly to people who earn above average incomes and spend  their money on fancy clothes, expensive cars and other conspicuous  consumption items and never really accumulate wealth.  If you are in this  category, this book will make you think about your spending habits and  whether or not you are willing to forego spending now in order to build up  your nest egg and lead a comfortable retirement.  <br />There is a lot of  emphasis on frugality in this book.  However, if you are a low income  single parent in a minimum wage job, frugality is choosing store brand over  name brand in the supermarket.  There is no money left over to invest in  stocks and real estate because just about everything is being spent on the  bare necessities.  Perhaps Stanley and Danko should write another book  profiling people who came from dirt poor backgrounds and achieved financial  independence.  That would really be inspiring.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I love this CD. Britney is an awesome singer, &amp; amazon.com needs to find new reviewers because they talk trash about NSYNC and Britney, they clealy are old folks that don't have a brain on pop music, or know anything  about what teens listen to.
B00004SCX6|1.0|THIS Cd is a flop. It proves to everyone that sex sells and it's obviously the only reason why people would buy this cd. It's certainly not because she can sing. She can't, period. She needs to give up her music career and  fast. All the songs on here are all whiny and one can only take so much. I  do like pop music but this CD was horrible. Save your money and don't buy  it.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I can understand some reviewers saying that this is not Pearl Jam's best CD, because it isn't (I'd have to go with Yield) But I actually like every song on it, and I don't understand why some reviewers are saying that  tracks like Evacuation, Rival, and Soon Forget are mediocre, when they're  excellent songs. This is a very good CD, it's one that you can sit down  with and listen to the entire album while reading the mesmerizing lyrics.  Definatley a worthwhile album.
0446677450|4.0|The part that stick with me out of this book is the point about how middle class and poor people try to look rich.  At first it offended me, but the longer I read on the more I understand.  Damn! Can it be that simple and my  conclusion is yes it is.  My whole mindset has changed to the point where I  cringe when I talk to a person who lives above their means and I listen as  they complain.  I just changed my mindset everything I buy do or say  relates to money and I throughly enjoyed the part about investing and I can  especially see where we send our children to school to learn how to be  employees.  Yikes!
0783117388|4.0|It's a fine show, I'm writing to complain about the low quality of the DVD picture quality. If you already have it taped from TV and/or don't like terribly grainy film, don't buy this. It is distractingly bad in dark  scenes. The show is a five on a good day and a four on a bad one, but the  quality of the picture is two at best.
158234082X|5.0|This book is so enjoyable that I have had to resist my inclination to read it at one sitting.  Bourdain's style is extremely natural, almost conversational, and he tells anecdotes that are truly humorous, not just  &quot;cute&quot;.  There is a great deal of useful information as well, but  mainly the book is a lot of fun to read.
0553274503|5.0|Daniel Keyes' book is at once a compelling fantasy, and heartbreaking, epic love story, written in such fresh, creative prose that it instantly takes the shape of a classic.  The story, utterly original in its day, has  been ransacked more than a few times in one shape or another (science  fiction novels/movies/etc.).  Yet this book feels as new as it was when it  first appeared.  The real human emotional landscape mined here is potent  for any reader, because it deals with simple but perplexing questions about  being human: how others see you, how you see yourself, smart, not smart,  and, in the end, what really matters in life, not to mention matters of  ethics, destiny, fate...It is infinitely easy reading, but leaves you with  a profound, shake-you-to-your-core passion; an urgent cry.  Though the film  adaptations and the musical (some of it is actually decent, believe it or  not) convey the essential messages of the book, the book, with Charly's  elementary language starkly in front of you, packs the greatest wallop.
B000002JAX|4.0|has she done anything else?  heard nothing of her since this effort, unfortunately.
039548880X|5.0|Chris Van Allsburg's gorgeously illustrated holiday fantasy is the children's book answer to Miracle On 34th Street: a richly woven, but simple, tale that wisely teaches us how overrated reason, adulthood and  realism are in life.  Magic, and the ability to imagine, to believe, are  what really matter, and surely what keep us young at heart.
0393317552|3.0|Prof. Diamond has produced a fluently-written account of a popular theory -- that contemporary differences in human cultures and societies are the result solely of starting conditions with respect to geography and  environment.  However, the book holds numerous flaws.<br />There can be no  doubt that Prof. Diamond is the master of a vast amount of data, biological  and historical, and he marshals those data to good effect in support of his  theories.  However, there are many troubling omissions and contradictions  contained in the book, which indicate that either there are important holes  in Prof. Diamond's knowledge, or that he has been somewhat too selective in  his use of data.  For example, in discussing the native cereals available  to various local groups for purposes of cultivation, he consistently speaks  as if corn were the only grain available in Mesoamerica for domestication,  and, indeed, that it was the only grain so domesticated.  In fact, amaranth  was also available, and domesticated.  It further lacks many of the  deficiencies which Diamond asserts made corn an imperfect domesticate.  His  failure to deal with this contradictory fact calls his more general  arguments into question.  <br />Diamond also ignores facts which are  uncomfortable or unexplainable under the terms of his theory.  For example,  he points out that certain grasses native to the Eastern U.S. produce  &quot;dream&quot; grains -- the example he offers is sumpweed.  Yet the  reason he offers that it was not domesticated is weak; it causes hay-fever,  and has an objectionable smell.  As Diamond should be aware, the question  of whether a smell is objectionable is often culturally determined, as are  many aesthetic notions.  So the fact that we may find it objectionable now  does not mean that contemporary consumers of it did, and does not explain  why they failed fully to domesticate it.  He also offers that other grains  had seeds that were too small; but at the same time offers the example of  corn being engineered over many years from teosinte, which had even more  drawbacks.  Why could these plants not have been bred for larger seeds,  over time?  Why did mesoamericans engineer corn in this way, while  north-eastern inhabitants failed to do the same with the plants available  to them?  He argues that the fact that eastern US farmers abandoned their  own crops when offered mesoamerican replacements indicates they were less  worthwhile; but all that proves is that the mesoamericans had done a better  job of engineering their crops for human consumption, not that those crops  were better. Diamond also fails to provide an answer to the question of why  mesoamericans failed to adopt the wheel.  While arguing that the lack of  large draft animals made their use unlikely, he acknowledges that the wheel  was, in fact, first used as an adjunct to human labor, in the form of  wheelbarrows.  The reader is left to wonder why mesoamericans failed to  adopt this practical use for the wheel, while leaving them on toys.<br />The  book is irksome in its continual reliance on loose arguments, consistently  indicated by the use of such terms as &quot;surely&quot;,  &quot;clearly&quot; or &quot;it must therefore follow,&quot; etc.  Those  words indicate a weakness of proof, not clarity of proof, and encourage the  reader to disagree with his conclusions.  The book needs a good  edit.<br />Finally, Prof. Diamond proves too little.  It is unsurprising, and  probably not subject to serious debate, that the earlier occupation of the  old world by humans means those societies would have a head start over  societies arising on a continent populated only tens of thousands of years  later.  Furthermore, it is intuitively acceptable that isolated societies  (such as his precious New Guinea) are less likely to innovate, based on a  lack of intellectual cross-currents and the inability to take advantage of  new discoveries.  But his book cannot explain the peculiar phenomenon of  the rise of the West.  His geographical and environmental advantages are  spread over the whole Eurasian continent, from Spain to China, and are  centered in the Fertile Crescent, and these areas have indubitably been  linked by trade and war for millenia.  Why, then, was America not colonized  by Chinese explorers?  Why was China invaded by Europeans during the  eighteenth centuries and forward, and not the reverse.  The fertile  crescent was indeed the center of civilization for many years, while Europe  was a back-water suffering invasion until the mid-seventeenth century.  Why  was that trend reversed so suddenly and dramatically, so that by the  nineteenth century Britain, France and Russia could vie for protectorates  from Palestine east to Indochina?  The answer, I would argue, is that the  Industrial Revolution occurred in Europe -- indeed it began at the very  time that China, the giant in terms of industrial production at the time,  was turning in on itself.  Why, then, did the IR, which is what made  possible the enormous European expansion of the 18-19 centuries, occur in  Europe and not China, Safavid Persia or the Ottoman Empire?  That is the  key question which Diamond's book leaves unanswered, and which, I believe,  cannot be answered based on geography and climate alone.  Better  technological innovation is said to be a product of larger population sizes  and densities; thus Eurasia's population is compared with Australia's to in  support of that theory.  But why did densely populated China fall behind in  technological innovation versus the less crowded, less populated countries  of Europe from about 1500 on?<br />So, while this is an interesting book, full  of valuable tid-bits of information, it fails because the facts offered to  support the theories are inconsistent and incomplete and because it  ultmately fails to do what its author set out to do -- explain the rise to  predominance of one set of cultures or civilizations over allothers.  Ultimately, it appears more as an opportunity for Prof. Diamond to show off  his extensive knowledge than the marshalling of that knowledge in service  of a larger argument
B000002BQK|5.0|If want to hear great pop music, buy this CD.  There are very few musical mistakes on Butterfly, considering that this is her first time going R+B all the way.  I love all the songs on the CD and Outside is so sad its  good.  Definitely one of her better albums.  Creatively, she hits new  heights.
6305750750|4.0|First of all, as Star Wars movies go, this one ranks as better than &quot;Return of the Jedi,&quot; but not as good as either &quot;Star Wars&quot; or &quot;The Empire Strikes Back.&quot; That being said, it's  still a blast of a movie. It throws you into a space conflict just like the  previous three, and it doesn't let up for the entire film. It is fun,  action-packed, funny, kid-friendly, and wholely entertaining. YOU DO  YOURSELF A DISSERVICE NOT TO PURCHASE THIS FILM RIGHT NOW. To dismiss this  film would be a drastic entertainment mistake on your part, and I think we  both know how bad that would be for your rep with your family and friends.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I work at one of the few theaters which had the opportunity to play the new film by writer-director Paul Thomas Anderson: Magnolia.  When selling tickets and people ask me, &quot;what is this Magnolia movie about?&quot; I  reply, &quot;It's a story of chance and coincidence in the San Fernando  Valley with a romance at its heart.&quot;  This is rather vague and broad,  but it is intriguing to the moviegoers.  I do warn them that Tom Cruise's  character, Frank T.J. Mackey, has some very graphic and harsh dialogue, and  that the running time is long, but I would say that ninety percent of the  audience walks out happy having seen such a beautiful film.<br />The film  follows eleven characters through one rainy day which culminates in a  sequence so forceful that you feel just as physically and mentally drained  as those inside the celluloid.  The eleven characters all branch off from  an old man dying of cancer named Earl Partridge (Jason Robards) who lays in  a bed through the whole movie.  He is married to Linda (Julianne Moore) and  is looked after by nurse Phil Parma (Phillip Seymour Hoffman).  Earl's last  wish is to speak with his son, Frank (Cruise).<br />Earl is also the executive  producer of &quot;the longest running quiz show on television: What Do Kids  Know?&quot; The TV game show is at an exciting point in its run for a new  group of &quot;Kids&quot; led by Stanley Spector (Jeremy Blackman) is close  to breaking the record for consecutive wins held by former quiz kid Donnie  Smith (William H. Macy).  Jimmy Gator (Phillip Baker Hall) is the host who  is also dying of cancer.  He has a wife, Rose (Melinda Dillon), and an  estranged daughter of his own: Claudia (Melora Walters).  <br />Claudia is  addicted to cocaine and listens to her music way too loud.  Her neighbors  call the cops and Officer Jim Kurring (John C. Reilly) is sent to her door  and they subsequently flirt which leads to a date.  It is their romance  which I feel is central to the film.<br/>The eleventh character does not have  nearly as much screen time as the previous ten, but is the most important  character of all.  He is Dixon (Emmanuel Johnson), the candy selling, ten  year old &quot;rapper&quot; who drops clues as to what might happen in an  early freestyle flow.<br />What does happen is a painfully brilliant and  heartbreaking story of love, coincidence and redemption.  There are many  double stories like in King Lear: the two dying fathers with estranged  children; both fathers have people who work for them who love them even  more than their own family; we also see the young and old versions of a  child genius showing how the present parental mistreating will affect him  in the future; and there is a set of designated caregivers (the cop and the  nurse), who echos Lear's fool.<br />The whole film is told through constant  cross cutting between stories and interactions.  For the first two thirds  of the film there is always some form of music the pictures are set to, be  it the score or rock songs.  The director has learned a lot of his  show-offy technique from Martin Scorsese and Robert Altman; he has  Scorsese's eye and ear for mood setting music and Altman's grand scope and  vision-a great foundation for a director.  In his previous film, Boogie  Nights, the director just seemed to be quoting those two, but in this  present film, he has found his own style and rhythm.  His ear for dialogue  is great, he elicits great performances from his actors and knows how to  make every minute count.  A running time of 180 minutes is pretty steep but  it flew right by.  And if asked, I would not know where to cut the film.   Paul Thomas Anderson is completely enamored with everything in this  film-his story, his actors and his own filmmaking (the camera in  particular).<br />Roger Ebert refers to the movie as &quot;operatic.&quot;  I  can see where he is coming from, its ambition and length are operatic and  there is the incessant use of music in thebackground, sometimes drowning  out the dialogue so we only hear phrases and have to read lips.  I would  refer to the film as rhapsodic, ecstatic in the act of filmmaking and  storytelling, coming to peaks just short enough not to peak too early and  eventually reaching the ultimate climax like a great jazz song.  All this  to tell us you can't really plan ahead because you don't know what will  happen.  It also reminds us that sometimes plans work out and you should  just go with it like when Claudia kisses Jim upon returning from the  bathroom and said, &quot;I'm glad I did that, I needed to do  that.&quot;<br />I'm glad Mr. Anderson make this film.  It showed me that I  should remember the small things, that love isn't as hard as it may seem to  find, and that I need to know somebody loves me back and I should accept  their love.  This may sound like the lovelorn teenager in me, but I feel it  to be true.  This is my kind of romance film.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|For all you fans that don't like Americana because the Offspring &quot;sold out&quot;, most of the songs are typical of their older CD's.  They just happen to have a couple of pop songs thrown in there, too.   Personally, that's fine with me.  My favorite song on the album is by far  She's Got Issues, for reasons even I'm not sure of.  I don't like The End  of the Line, No Brakes, and Pay the Man much, but the rest of the CD is  very good.  Americana is just a lot of fun to listen to.  I mean, how many  other bands can you think of who harmonize their yelling?
B000007R1E|5.0|When the Moody Blues brought out their seventh album it carried both great music and a subtle message. It starts with the haunting &quot;Lost in a Lost World&quot; which echoes in the life of every listener.  We are each  lost in a world of lost people. The hope begins with &quot;New  Horizons&quot;.  This is one of Justin Hayward's most powerful ballads.   Ray Thomas sings &quot;For My Lady&quot; which is every man's wish about  that special relationship. &quot;You and Me&quot; is typical MB rock and  orchestra. The song &quot;Land of Make Believe&quot; emphasises how lost  people are in their own make-believe world.  The album builds to a high  point with Mike Pinder's &quot;When You're a Free Man&quot;.  This powerful  and emotive song provides a certain hope, given the album's premise of  being lost.  The finale, &quot;I'm Just a Singer In a Rock and Roll  Band&quot; means that the MBs are not prophets, but are simply messengers.   The original &quot;Isn't Life Strange&quot; on this album is much better  than the re-mix on the &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album.  Even the title of  Seventh Sojourn hints at the rest (sojourn) the listener can have perfectly  in heaven (7 is the number of perfection).  This is the MBs best album,  both in its music and its message.
B000001IPL|5.0|The Offpspring aren't really one of my favorite bands right now, but their albums are consistantly good, and I can't even pick a favorite out of the ones I own.  My favorite song on Smash is Come Out and Play, and Self  Esteem is a close second.  I also really like Bad Habit, Gotta Get Away,  and What Happened to You.  To sum it up, the Offspring are just fun to  listen to and yell along with.
0452273331|4.0|I was going to write an in-depth review telling everything I though about the book, but that is what I always do. So, I will try to make this short and sweet.<br />We are surrounded by just about every type of character in the  book, from Keatings to Gail Wynands. Tooheys are the people we either love  or love to hate. Roark is the .00000000001% of people ever to have even  come close to being perfect. Perfect is cold and dull, that is why Roark  is. But perfect is also great.<br />Of all the criticisms I've heard about the  book, I do not think many are valid. People don't like it because they  don't fully understand it, because it is bold and not what they are used  to. It is often pointed out that Roark is exactly what Rand was, this is  quite true.<br />Why I gave it 4 stars: I don't completely agree with Rand's  philosophy (I am actually more extreme about some things) but that does not  matter in a well-written book. It got a bit preachy at times but for the  most part kept my attention, and the characters were great. For those who  have not read the book, read it. You may or may not like it, but it will  make you think. Thinking is one of the many things we do not do enough of  these days...
B000002BPS|4.0|I don't think this album is as good as Smash, but it's still a damn good follow-up.  My favorite song on the album is I Choose, but I like every song on the CD.  If you liked Smash, get this.
6305537798|5.0|With hot guys, cool music, and bitchy girls, how can you not have a hit movie? The plot isn't as predictible as you may think and your heart will melt as you get to know each character. It's also laugh-out-loud funny and  a winner with everyone!
6305754950|4.0|A beautiful DVD transfer for a great film.  One of the other reviews described the movie as &quot;relaxed.&quot;  That's just it.  Hawks really brings out the best in Wayne (though Wayne is always wonderful).  I can't  describe the sort of comfortable, macho male swagger that this kind of  picture typifies--you just have to see it.  And they really don't make 'em  like this anymore.  Great performances all around, but especially Wayne and  Guest.  I'll quibble with the last reviewer: Mitchum is great but the Duke  is so large that he pushes everyone else out of the screen.  Hey, what can  you do?
B000002KC5|1.0|I don't feel like going through my detailed explanation of whyI think this CD and the rest of Randy Newman's material is extremelyover-rated and hyped beyond belief (and still lacking in wide-spread appeal).  Briefly, his piano work is hardly more than cabaret style cliches.  His voice is abominable.  His melodies are either unattractive or again, cliche-ridden.  I haven't concentrated on his lyrics, so maybe that's what all the fuss is about.  If it's about the music, I can't understand it.
B00000IAU3|5.0|When i first heard the song on &quot;Here With ME&quot; on the tv show &quot;Roswell&quot; I had to have it. This girl needs a viedo she has a grear voice. Here are powerful and the beats backing her up keep you  tapping you feet. Buy this Cd it's a great choice
B00001NFCY|3.0|this album was a pretty big dissapointment.  first time through i thought it was every bit as good as my own prison.  after listening to it a couple more songs i got p#ssed at their shallow lyrics.  whatever happeded to  beautiful poetic lyrics in songs like pitty for a dime.  you wont find  songs like that here.  scott basically screams the title of the song for  four minutes.  comeon guys!  that is not cool.  the guitar distortion gets  super old.  its the same for the whole 50 minutes. how boring!  there's  different types in case you didnt know.  the whole disk-at-once also  bothers me cause there's stupid noises in the background that lead to every  song.  i give human clay two stars with one courtesy star.  please creed,  try harder next time..
B0000256E1|5.0|Rammstein are a hard hitting band with killer gitar rifts and awesome lyrics. &quot;Du Hast&quot; didn't go over too well in the U.S., but the song is awesome and the rest of the album is great. But to truly appreciate  their music you must speak German, I think that is why I like them most of  all.  If you're looking for something new (or have a love for the German  language like I do and want a band to sing along with) Rammstein is your  ticket!
B000002BBY|4.0|This review would help you, if you are going to buy this album. When I bought this album I was amazed with songs like &quot;Wonderwall&quot;, &quot;Don't look back in anger&quot; and &quot;Champagna Supernova&quot;  but after listening to the whole album, I realized that there were more  good songs as &quot;Morning Glory&quot; and &quot;Cast no shadow&quot;.   This album shows us the great capacity of the Gallagher brothers to make  good music, but this is not a five-star album, it would have been better is  they had composed a song like &quot;The Masterplan&quot; for this album. If  you were in doubt, now I hope you have made a desicion, I recommend buy  this album. Now!
0156907399|5.0|If one reads this book as just a slew of events happening in the lives of the various main characters, they are missing much. Woolf uses the seemingly &quot;boring&quot; events of an everyday life to delve the depths  of the human psyche.     As I read this book and became more intricately  involved with the characters, I found my eternal quest for meaning wrapped  up in everything Woolf's characters thought. Some may see this as a duldrum  account of characters' lives that they can't even begin to relate to; look  deeper though and you'll see your own existence being challenged and pulled  by the realities of life Woolf presents in this excellent novel.
B000002UAU|5.0|first off,to the previous reviewers (july 5 and 7), nothing by any other artist compares to this , so get over it! pepper currently stands at 35 million sold worldwide to date for a reason, and most people with ears to  here (and who know talent, would agree). this recording will be worshipped  forever, with &quot;a day in the life&quot; being the finale to end all  finales!
B000023X9W|5.0|This is one of Neil's best and I have them all. It shines like the sun and will make you feel warm and fuzzy all over. This disc is so good, it bummed me out to think about performers like Duane Allman and Jimi and Stevie Ray  and Jerry G. and John Lennon who didn't make it into their silver and gold  years to give us songs of their own, put through the filter of a full  lifetime of living. Oh, the notes we missed out on...
B000006TRV|5.0|What is there to say about &quot;The Wall,&quot; other than that it is one of the best albums ever.  Period.  There is no way to encompass with words the power and impact contained in the musical genius that is,  &quot;The Wall;&quot; it is the definitive study in how the world impacts  man -- a plunge into the human condition even morsoe than &quot;Dark Side  of the Moon.&quot;    How can anyone beat tracks like,  &quot;Comfortably Numb,&quot; &quot;Another Brick in the wall (parts  1,2,3),&quot; &quot;In the Flesh,&quot; &quot;Run like Hell,&quot;  &quot;Goodbye Blue sky,&quot; &quot;Hey You,&quot; etc.  The creative  omniscience of &quot;The Wall&quot; has remained unmatched by anything with  the exception of the Beatles' &quot;White Album&quot;.  This is the best  album I own, and (along with the white album) would definetely be the one I  would take to a desert island with me.
B00000IO4J|4.0|I saw this movie on showtime not to long ago and it was actually a good horror movie. I couldn't believe it. It even had teenagers playing the parts. That is even more unbelivable. This movie is 1 in about million  because it is very rare for a horror film with teenagers in it to turn out  good. Not only that but it had a hot naked blonde girl towards the ending  of the movie that made it that much better
B000002ULO|5.0|This is the first McCartney album I've loved without reservation since RAM. The production is not too heavy-handed, but not so slack as to be careless. As with Ram, many of these tunes don't make a major impression  alone, but when you put them all together you get a lovely, varied, moving,  and fun listening. Highly recommended.
B000002GH1|3.0|Despite the pressure from their record company, Jim and Co manage to put together record that has some great moments on it. I just wonder what these songs would have sounded like if Steve Lillywhite was producing, instead of  Bob Clearmountain.
052594527X|5.0|I was on the train from Montana to Illinois, but I just couldn't put down this charming book. It was a wonderful story, wonderfully told from the perspective of the young subject of a Vermeer painting. I had to read this  after visiting Amsterdam last year and falling in love, more than any other  artist, with Johannes Vermeer. This fictional account of the painting  brought me back to Holland, and back in time. I look forward to more books  by this talented writer!
6305311463|1.0|I have a shelf full of Criterion Lasers and DVDs and I have always admired the company's painstakingly crafted and well researched products.  But I am astounded that Criterion would put their name on this loud, annoying,  stupidly written and badly cut film.  I walked out of it in the movie  theater -- then I was forced to sit through it on an airplane where walking  out wasn't much of an option. (If there would have been parachutes  available I might have considered it).  Criterion...have you sold out?
0385486804|5.0|Krakauer, a renowned climber and outdoorsman himself, does more than just tell a story in this book--he examines the psychology, the motivation, for the actions of the protagonist.  Why would he leave a large sum of money  and almost certain material success behind in order to challenge nature?   Also of note is that Krakauer does not glorify the decisions of the  protagonist, rather, he tells the story objectively, appealing to reason,  even empiricism.  However, that having been said, the book certainly does  not read like a scientific journal, more like an adventure thriller.  As  the events are recounted and pieced together, they assume a kind of mystery  feel, as readers become compelled to know the outcome of the story.  This  book is a fascinating account written by a man who understands his element.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Maiden rules, i went to see them at roskilde festival and they owned the place, they where much better then pearl jam, and bruce climbing all over the place :) this album rocks and every rocker should own it
B00004TDTO|5.0|Jaws was Stephen Spielberg's first hit and after his initial reluctance to release his movies on DVD, it finally makes its DVD debut.  We all know the story, a great white shark terrorizes the waters off of Amity Island. The  movie is based on Peter Benchey's best-selling novel.  This is one of the  rare instances where a movie is actually better than the book it was based  on.  In Mr. Benchey's novel, there is are some extraneous sections such as  an affair between Ellen Brody and Hooper that really don't add to the  story.  The movie streamlines the book and the changes made bringing it to  the screen actually improve on the book. The performances of three stars  are superb.  Roy Scheider plays Chief Brody as an everyman.  We can all  relate with him as he is just trying do his job and the right thing but is  caught in the middle.  He wants to close the beaches to catch the shark,  but the people he is protecting want them opened as the water is the source  of their livelihoods.  Richard Dreyfus adds some comic relief to the film  as the wise-cracking oceanographer, Matt Hooper.  The late Robert Shaw  takes what could have been a cartoonish role of the shark boat captain  Quint and turns him into an obessive, vengeful man in the mold of Captain  Ahab.  The real star of the film could be its score by John Williams.  The  music adds tension and fear to the suspense much like the music from  Psycho.  The DVD contains some extra material including deleted scences,  trailers and best of all a documentary on the making of the movie.  This is  a must see for all fans of the film.  We learn of all the problems the crew  experienced while filming on Martha's Vineyard, some original casting  choices and other behind-the-scences tidbits.  These are nice bonuses, but  the movie's first appearance on the DVD format is reason enough to buy it.  After 25 years, this movie remains a classic.
B000002UYZ|5.0|I have always felt that the best work of the Beatles was accomplished at the beginning and the very end.  This compilation, ending in '65 captures the magic of their raw guitars through Vox amps, and Ringo's rickety and  simple Ludwig drum kit, without the layering on of multiple studio effects.   Most of these tracks represent the music that Beatles could perform live,  and although one can quibble about stereo versus mono mixes, the magic is  still there.<br />From the initial blast of the Beatles (Love Me Do, Please  Please Me, She Loves You) to the striking opening chord of A Hard Day's  Night and the harmonies of Paperback Writer, this album is a great  experience.<br />If you were there in '64, it'll bring back memories.  If not,  this is about as close as you'll get.  5-stars!
B00004U30D|4.0|I was somewhat disappointed with the endless hype received by this film.  True, the talented actors did well in their roles, the cameraman was undoubtedly a genius of his profession, and the author of the plot was both  witty and imaginative. The only real problem with this film is the script.   For instance, the conversations between Wes Bentley and Thora Birch--while  necessary to the plot--are stretched to the point where one is sitting  impatiently, waiting for the end of the scene.  The dialogue is, more than  anything else, predictable.  That is really the worst part of this good  film, the fact that one can see the lines coming several minutes ahead.  However, having noted that exception, one must note that compared to the  other films of recent years that have been hyped as the &quot;Best Film of  199-!&quot;, (such as the latest &quot;Star Wars&quot;, &quot;Jerry  Maguire&quot;, or &quot;Cruel Intentions&quot;), &quot;American  Beauty&quot; undoubtely stands out as an intelligent film that actually  succeeds in making the viewer take a new and close look at the calm life to  which all of us have become so accustomed.
B000002U9L|4.0|There's no doubt in anyone's mind, once they hear the soundtrack that Bowie hold it together.  The songs are very clever.  Especially for Bowie, whom prior to the Labyrinth soundtrack, had little to no experience writing  songs about a children's' movie.  &quot;Magic Dance&quot; is a funny song,  but nonetheless good in it's strange and simple way.   &quot;Underground&quot; is a weird song, but much better than any non-Bowie  track included on the soundtrack.  My absolute favorite song on the  soundtrack, hands down, has to be &quot;As The World Falls Down.&quot;   This is a love song at its best!  Bowie's voice is stronger than ever,  along with his song writing!  I can't get enough of this song, and hope you  won't be able to too!  Many critics ponder on why Bowie chose to do this  movie.  It's quite simple really.  Bowie has always searched high and low  for something that would make people talk.  Labyrinth was the perfect  solution.
0385493622|3.0|Its merits: it's a quick read, there are some intriguing anecdotes about number theory (intruiguing for someone like myself who knows little about it), and the biographical information about the mathematicians is  interesting.  So was was the history of early mathematics.  The appendices  gave good short explanations.  <br />But It's a quick read because there were  many spans with little substance.  Most of the math was kept in the  abstract, understandably, but then the math-related events didn't mean as  much.
B000001ELF|5.0|Does it really get any better than this?  Even if you're not a Kiss fan but appreciate a creative guitar, do yourself a favor and hook yourself in for a wild ride!   This album defines rock and more importantly the rock  guitarist.  From the funky &quot;New York Groove&quot; to the haunting  &quot;Fractured Mirror&quot;, this is the one that inspired so many people  to pick up a guitar.  Every song is a rock classic...&quot;Rip It Out&quot;  went on to become a Frehley staple and &quot;What's On Your Mind&quot;  grabs you right away with an opening riff you won't forget.  Frehley plays  all guitars and bass lines on the album, and Eddie Cramer helped put  together a slick sound in the studio.  This was also the most succesful of  the four solo albums and is probably the favorite of Kiss fans.  Ace as of  the last five years is finally getting the recognition as a premier  guitarist.  Find out why he's the best...
6304083777|5.0|Ghost in the Shell is extremely impressive on two fronts.  First, outstanding technical expertise reveals itself in the animation.  In a strictly aesthetic level, this film is awesome.  There are some parts that  you will be forced to rewind.  These are the beautifully sequenced scenes  of the metropolis, candid pictures of the everyday, with ambient music that  is well-fitting.  This is, perhaps, one of the most absorbing animated  films I've seen in awhile. <br />The second aspect of this film I enjoyed was  the sophisticated science fiction story.  Though the dialog is sometimes  cumbersome, the subjects touch upon are all very modern.  The idea of an  all-encompassing computer network is within grasp, though still  fantastic...  definitely not childish in anyway.
B00000JCB2|5.0|i luv this album it is my favorite of all.  wes borland is pure genius with fred durst.  my favorite songs are n together now (featuring methodman) ,nookie, break stuff, and broke if u dont have this cd BUY IT  NOW
6305907145|5.0|Since I was not fimilar with Jane Austin's books nor the films that were made based upon them. I really didn't expect much from this film. I did  although see Emma and sad to say, I hated it. So there was another item  that keept me from thinking that Masfield Park was going to be a dull and  boring peice of film. Ohhhhh but Manfield Park is anything but. I found it  very charming, amusing, and above all, very entertaining. I also found that  Fancis O'Conner and Jonny Lee Miller had excellent chemistry together.  There was also wonderful preformances from every cast member and the  picture and music were both beautiful. And if you're not a big fan of  English spoken films it's okay. I really wasn't either but I'm sure  Mansfield Park will change all that. I loved this film and I also loved the  way that Patricia Rozema wrote and shot the end sequence. It's perfect.  <br />Overall, Mansfield Park is an excellent film that's romantic, dramatic,  witty, and everything else that makes up a good film.
B00004T9UF|5.0|eminem is 1 of my favorite artists.  hes has brilliant lyrics and tight beats.  that is why hes so popular.  if u dont have this album GO BUY IT NOW OR U WILL BE MAD U DIDNT GET IT.
B00000IIXH|5.0|From the raw sound of 1972's &quot;Growing Up&quot; through 1999's recast of &quot;The Promise,&quot; this collection of gems is, without question, a must-have.  It has its low points: &quot;Part Man, Part Monkey&quot; will  certainly not make any new Springsteen fans.  But excellent tracks like  &quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down&quot; and &quot;The Loose End&quot;  very well may.
0385484518|5.0|&quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot;  is probably the best book ever written about how it is to live and value life while we are still at its peak.  It brought tears to my eyes as I realized that life shouldn't be wasted nor  taken for granted. Life should be given more meaning with our everyday  actions, thoughts and feelings.  The people we cross paths with everyday  should be given importance for we may never pass this way again.  The day  to day experiences of living should be reviewed to fully appreciate the  blessings and the little things that come along.  As a student learning  what life is, the book gave me a new insgiht on how it is to live life to  the fullest.
0767827791|5.0|Unlike Bogdanovich's &quot;The Last Picture Show,&quot; which pretends to be a naturalistic, candid account of the death of small-town rural America in the fifties, but is really sensationlaistic and contrived, Josh Logan's  adpatation of William Inge's &quot;Picnic&quot; places us squarely into  that idyllic world before subtly suggesting the pressures that will soon  bring about its collapse.  Each of the characters is driven by deep and  desperate desires to break free into a life of opportunity and  fulfilliment, a world which upon retrospect may seem more limited than the  community it was soon to replace.  &quot;Picnic&quot; also contains the  most erotically-charged scene in all of film.  When Kim Novak  sensuously  swivel-hips down the steps leading to William Holden, accompanied by the  &quot;source-music&quot; chords of &quot;Moonglow,&quot; we become  expectant of some orgasmic culmination.  It's provided by the film's  score--the superimposed &quot;Picnic&quot; theme--and by the graceful  circular movement of Logan's camera.  The two lovers bearly touch, and  Holden couldn't dance.  Yet the actors'  electrical &quot;presence&quot;  and Logan's construction of the scene are all that's required to engage us  fully in the moment.  The latter 3rd of the film, until the final scene, is  more melodramatic and is not up to the first two-thirds, which must  certainly represent the very best of Hollywood in the 1950s.
B00000FBRE|5.0|This is a super rad cd, every song is done really good, the first 5 songs are the best besids May 16 and Love Story...what i love so much about this cd is that the songs arent too long, so they dont get boring, i can listen  to this cd over and over.
0553277472|5.0|Pirsig's narrator relates a picaresque intellectual  narrative interweaving 3 metaphoric journeys with his main quest-- coming to terms with his own identity and the meaning of existence.  In the present tense,  it is his broken marriage and troubled relationship with his teenage son  that occupy his thoughts.  In the past, he is consumed by his failure as a  graduate student at the University of Chicago, which found him at odds with   Aristotelian, &quot;logocentered&quot; philosophical traditionalists.  At  a more timeless level, it is his identification with Phaedrus, the  rhetorician whom Socrates discredits in the Platonic dialogues, that  consumes him.  Against the weight of all Western philosophy, with its  influence on &quot;dialectic,&quot; the narrator affirms and finally  celebrates his unique identity as Phaedrus, whose search affirms  &quot;rhetoric,&quot; the power of the individual to create his own  existential truths and construct a sense of identity.  In the thrilling  climax, the narrator reaches his geographical destination along with the  hope of  constructing a bridge with his son--not because of the discovery  of some ultimate or transcendent truth but because of his own empowerment  as &quot;Phaedrus&quot; to create such a truth.  Pirsig reviews and  critiques the whole history of Western philosophy, then like Nietzsche  &quot;deconstructs&quot; it in order to celebrate the constitutive,  creative role of the individual in determining the nature of world and  self.   The book is an unforgettable intellectual journey on many levels,  into past, present, future, but  don't expect much Zen.  It's final  affirmation of the individual quest, of the poetic vision of Phaedrus,  belongs more in a Western Romantic, than Eastern, mystical tradition.
B00000F12O|4.0|This film is one of Stephen King's very best, and I never get tired of watching it.  Jonathan Brandis is at his best, and the film also stars Seth Green (Scott Evil in Austin Powers and the Spy Who Shagged Me.  Awesome!  A  must see!
6305079811|5.0|I remember seeing this movie at the theater. It was the depth of winter and the heating in the theater had broken down. Yet, to a wide-eyed 9 year old it didn't matter, because I was bundled up in a thick jacket having the  time of my life watching this version of the Flash Gordon adventure.  It  was only three years after the original Star Wars movie and studios around  the world were raiding their vaults for science fiction properties that had  been gathering dust (Star Trek, Buck Rogers to name just a few). Unlike its  competitors this movie chose not to compete directly with the high octance  special effects of Star Wars and instead tried to recapture the feeling and  atmosphere of the original series.  This decision gives the film a campy  charm, with the distinct impression that everyone is having a great time.  Years later I got to meet Brian Blessed (who plays a Hawkman in this movie)  and my suspicion was confirmed.  Don't miss this one, it belongs in the DVD  library of everyone who still has a little bit of a kid in them.
0792843584|3.0|It seems to me that Cimino was doing everything in his power to make the greatest Western ever committed to celluloid.  &quot;Heaven's Gate&quot; is nowhere near as bad as critics have said.  Likewise, it is nowhere near as  good as it could've and should've been.  It could very well have been the  greatest Western of all-time, considering its scope and story.  Huppert,  Kristofferson, Bridges, Walken, Hurt and Brad Dourif all turn in  spectacular performances.  The cinematography is legendary as expected from  a lenser like Zsigmond (who also shot what IS the greatest Western ever -  &quot;McCabe &amp; Mrs. Miller&quot;).  Simply put: the soundtrack is  sometimes unintelligible, the editing is sometimes too lenient, the script  is (in places) far too hazy.  I admire Cimino, but he is a far better  director than screenwriter - he would have been wise to let another writer  final draft his script.  &quot;Heaven's Gate&quot; is a good movie, but it  deserved to be unmatched.
B000002LCK|3.0|New Order is one of my favorite groups, but the reason I am not raving about Substance is because their are just as many good songs as their are bad.<br />Substance could as well have been 1 cd....I have had this record  since it came out, and I still play it, but to skip to my favorite songs  like &quot;1963&quot;, &quot;Perfect Kiss&quot; (where the remix could of  been cut - the instrumental goes on forever especially the intro),  &quot;Blue Monday&quot; and my all time favorite &quot;Bizarre Love  Triangle&quot;.<br />The first CD is good, the 2nd cd is bad with songs that  just don't have the impact of their hits. They sound more like B  sides.<br />Overall:  #1 CD (5 stars), #2 CD (2 stars) = average = (3 stars).
B0000027RL|4.0|Pain, agony, life, death, and kids shooting themselves in front of their classmates.  This is what Rock n' Roll is all about.  This debut from the only Seattle band left around these days smacks of Stone Gossard and Jeff  Ament's infections grooves, Mike McCready's frenetic solos, and Eddie  Vedder's nihilistic lyrics.  After wearing the CD out years ago it's hard  to find favorites that stand up to some of their later material but  non-radio friendly gems like Once, Why Go, Porch, Deep and Release make  this album a must have.  And the extended intro to Once that follows  Release shows that this band is not all about testosterone and stage  diving.
B000002U6E|5.0|An outstanding recording by Enigma.  This is their best work.  It's rythmic, enchanting, at times haunting, and never dull.  This wonderful recording can be appreciated by people of all ages and musical taste.
B000002G87|5.0|To put it very short, this might be Clapton's finest work! I've worn out two LP versions, I've had the CD version, and I've now got the remastered 20. anniversary edition. And I strongly feel it's the best music Clapton  have ever recorded!
B0000041TD|5.0|This is without doubt the best recording of Boheme available.  Pavarotti is at his peak.  Freni is superb.  And Karajan shows his usual mastery.  You'll fall in love with this piece all over again.  There is no better  place to start with Pucinni and opera than this recording.
6305622825|4.0|This movie caught me off guard because I was not expecting it to be this good. It was kind of like a cross between james Bond and the fugetive but very different. Why? The Plot first of all was different because they  started out with the Theif using some kind of special machine to lower them  below this 40 story building to a window. The machine that the thief used  had me thinking &quot;Is stuff like this really around?&quot;. Sean and  Cathrine take being a theif to the next level with the high tech gagets and  cool escape moves. A good example is when cathrine was training to slip  through the laser beams for the alarm system. Even though it's a  movie......to think someone would be able to do this and even seeing it  just makes u think. This movie has many twits and what you think in the  begining will change quickly as u get to the middle and end of the movie.  The only part about the movie I didn't like is how they just cut into the  stroy with any intro to some of the characters backgrounds. Overall I think  they came strong with this and I would recommend this to anyone who likes  action, suspense, and mystery.
B0000041Q3|5.0|This exceptional recording is the best Turandot available.  Sutherland and Pavarotti are truely outstanding in the lead roles.  Caballe is at her most sublime.  If you only buy one recording of Turandot, THIS IS IT!
B00004TDTO|5.0|This is a fantastic example of what a talented filmmaker can do with a capable cast, a great editor and a wizard of a musician. It's a great pity that Renny Harlin didn't watch this DVD before making The Deep Blue Sea. In  fact, it's a pity that Renny Harlin directs!
0812523334|4.0|Louisa May Alcott, author of Little Women, is a literature genius when it comes to this book! Meg, who is sweet and shy, is also the oldest, Jo is a tomboy but also has a gentle heart, Beth, who is very down to earth and  ends up with a undeserved ending, and Amy, who learns that she is selfish  and does change her ways, are all the most wonderful sisters and characters  anyone could hope for in a classic like this! I rate this book 4 stars  because it shows the trials and tribulations of yankee sisters during  wartime!
B0000065O1|5.0|Not for beginners!  But a very good workout for those with a strong muscle base.  Also, good for people who don't like weight lifting but know it is an important part of an exercise program.  Cindy's reps are short so  you get a workout but don't get bored.  Additional cardio work should be  added to your overall program for best results.
B000002KYB|4.0|Love over Gold was I think the last DS CD I bought.  It' also my favorite.  I'm not sure why, is it just because I've heard it least?<br />There are only five songs on this disk.  They're all very long.  The shortest I think is  Industrial Disease, still clocking in at six mins or more.<br />Overall this  is a downbeat CD, the only song with very much energy is the strange, comic  industrial disease - nice to see Knopfler doesn't *have* to take himself  serious all of the time.<br />Other than the above, first time listeners could  be forgiven for finding this CD tedious and boring.  Telegraph road is 14  minutes long, not ideal for those looking for a quick payoff - it takes the  best part of two minutes for the intro to be done with.<br />There is a  certain beauty in this album.  Knopfler plays a lot of classical guitar and  it is the first Dire Straits album to feature Alan Clark - therefore,  substantial keyboards.  This is really the album where Dire Straits became  a physically BIG band.<br />Knopfler has never been considered a great  vocalist, for obvious reasons.  On this album his voice often sounds as if  on the verge of cracking.  This really contrasts with the elegant  arrangements and recording.<br />This won't be for everyone.  Even those who  it will be for, may not for quite a while.
B000000HTM|5.0|Sentire dopo 29 anni Pawnhearts, mi fa venire i brividi lungo la schiena; un tuffo nell'acqua tiepida della mia adolescenza, fatta di sogni ed illusioni ma anche di intense emozioni e sensazioni. Un'esperienza  indimenticabile che porto sempre dentro di me e che ora  riaffiorata: ho  cercato i vecchi dischi di vinile, li ho guardati con nostalgia, ma senza  nessun rimpianto. sono cresciuto a pane e Peter Hammill e anche i VdGG  hanno contribuito a farmi diventare come sono. Thanks...
630587493X|5.0|At first, I wasn't looking forward to this movie, but thankfully all my expectations were exceeded in a big way.  This movie is first and foremost a touching Science Fiction Story.  This movie has many touching human  emotions, situations, and characters that we can relate to.  The main  character, goes on an epic and long journey (200 years) to find out who he  is and what his place is in the world.  He meets many people and  edventually finds love, he also has to cope with loosing loved ones.  Most  people can relate to this, which makes it such a good story.  Ironically,  the robot acts more human than some of the humans in the story.  This movie  also deals with subjects like immortality, and all the losses and changes  one would have to go through if he or she was immortal.  For a PG movie,  this has some pretty deep views.  It comes off as a kids movie, but it is  more for older kids and adults because it is quite long.  Anybody who  enjoys a touching story, or good science fiction should enjoy this well  made film.<br />The DVD features a trailer, and a featurette consisting of the  actors and crew saying good things about each other.  In other words, it's  a great movie on a bad DVD.  Still, Highly Reccomended.
B00000IQW3|4.0|A DVD that I have in my collection mainly because I like sci-fi and for historical reasons; first major use of CGI. The plot is a little over used and definitely geared to a younger crowd. I remember enjoying it as a  teenager.  The picture quality wasn't as good as `Widescreen review' says.  The compression artifacts were very apparent in some scenes but these were  short non-action scenes. The documentary was good hosted by Lance Guest and  mainly deals with the CGI aspect of the film.  The commentary was adequate  and gave some interesting info on working with the actors.  The production  photos were just character shots, even more boring than usual. Overall, a  good DVD to have in your collection especially if you're interested in the  history of CGI in filmmaking.
0316518565|4.0|Compelling story of the rise and hard fall of one of the &quot;Master of the Universe&quot;. Leeson tell his side of the story in a frank and honest way descibing his mistakes, bad luck and arrogance in a build-up of events  that will end up in disaster. At the end of the book you can only wonder:  for one that failed and got caught, how many walked away with clean hands?
B00004THAY|2.0|Get between Eric Clapton and B.B. King any way you can.... If you want to Save the Blues.<br />My 2 star rating is in support for Blues Master B.B.King.  I am really feeling the blues now.  Blue about the money I spent on this  CD.  <br />Pass on 'Riding with the King' and buy B.B.King's CD's (without  Clapton} or any of Stevie Ray Vaughn's music.  Now these two gentlemen Know  the Blues.
B000009QPE|5.0|This is the closest you can get to witnessing death and extreme evil without actually dying or becoming the devil. It's as potent as any religious experience. I'm still blown away everytime I hear Tom Araya's  blood curdling screams, even after having owned the album since it first  came out. Each song is meticulously crafted for maximum effect. Truly  amazing, and a must have for anyone who dares to expand his/her horizons!
0316777722|4.0|Ever notice that most of the books we elect to read are tied to that notion that we need to constantly be aware that we are bettering ourselves?  You know, keep up with the new novelists, pace yourself with philosophy,  social comment, heavy thesaurus-impacted stories, somehow neglecting that  tiny inner voice that says &quot;Entertain me!&quot;  Well, here is the  antidote: another skyride with David Sedaris whose Mark Twain style  surfaces shared foibles and makes them hilarious instead of embarassing  moments. I didn't find myself laughing out loud the way all the promo for  this little tome guarantees, but I sure stayed with it, big grin spreading  across my face, even giving up an invitation for a night out at an escapist  triller movie in favor of finishing this little piece of joy.  David  Sedaris is funny and tender and unafraid to talk about his thinking  patterns, +/- autobiographical history, and his incidental sexuality like  most folks ramble on about the weather.<br />Puts things into  perspective.........and boy do we need that!
0425098478|5.0|One might be tempted to say that the steps outlined in this book are &quot;common sense&quot;.  But it's full of wisdom I had not been using in my managerial position.  And I know hundreds of other bad managers.  This  book is a gem.  It's ideas are simplly presented and simply apprehended but  amazingly powerful.  It's no quick fix, though: you have to work at it to  get results.  A must for ever manager.  It fits well with new-fangled ideas  of organizational structure presented by Drucker, Peters, and other gurus.
B00004RF98|5.0|The reviewers worrying about the aspect ratio of &quot;Singin in the Rain&quot; should check their facts.  The film was made in 1:1.37 according to the Internet Movie Database.  It isn't a widescreen production.
B00002DD97|5.0|HI. THIS ESPECIAL EDITION OF THE ALBUM 'RAY OF LIGHT' CONTAINS A EXTRA CD WHIT A INTERVIEW (CALLED &quot;WORDS &amp; MUSIC&quot;), SO THIS IS NOT THE 3D COOL PACKAGING LIMITED EDITION. LIMITED EDITION IS SOLD-OUT SINCE  RELEASE, BECAUSE WAS ONLY 100.000 COPIES FOR ALL THE WORLD!.
B00002E233|5.0|I love watching horror films but this one was the only film that I had to close my eyes on at certain scenes in the cinema. Now I've got it at home, I need someone else there to watch it with me.  <br />The plot was strange  about scientists having to test on sharks and the sharks get smart because  of it.  But the acting were superb and the special effects dead scary.   Thomas Jane, what a hunk! I'll be watching out for him in the future.  I  actually think this movie was better than Jaws because of the special  effects and the suspence of when characters die.  I do NOT want to go to  the beach for a very long time.  <br />Forget the story. If you want a good  scare and want to escape from your mundane or stressful life for awhile, I  totally recommend this movie.
6305910103|5.0|This newly released DVD is extremely well done.<br />The audio is 5.1 dolby.  The video transfer is excellent.<br />One of the best Star Trek movies.<br />I recommend it.
0782008372|2.0|Absolutely horrible.  I must have misread the front label, but isn't this film supposed to be THX-certified?  It is beyond any doubt the worst looking film in my DVD collection at this moment.  I even have a Madacy DVD  which looks better than this!  Where to begin....the picture quality is  extremely blocky, I see compression artifacts left and right and up and  down.  The grain of the film is too prominent.  On and on...bottom line: I  think the VHS version of a non-director's cut of Highlander looks better  than this DVD.  And the sound!  Groan.  Sometimes I could barely hear the  dialogue which sounds thin and reedy, and in the next scene the sound  effects come blaring out the speakers.  The sound quality is very uneven;  it almost seems like the producers of this DVD took a monophonic soundtrack  and attempted to make it into 5.1.  Who knows?  As for the extras...HAH!   It is totally disorganized, almost as if someone took a stack of  papers/photos off the desk, scanned them randomly into a computer and  transfered them onto the DVD.  Furthermore, the photo gallery repeats a lot  of the photos (duh) and zips right by at 24 photos a second (duh).  By the  time you realize it, probably 200 pages have gone by before you can hit the  pause button.  <br />So, is there anything to like about this DVD?  Well, it  does show the uncut widescreen version of Highlander as seen in Europe, so  Americans may see a few extra enlightening scenes.  There is a commentary  by the makers of the film, which is of some interest (and which I found to  be more listenable than the actual &quot;THX-certifed&quot; soundtrack).   And the price is quite affordable.  Fans of the film will probably want to  buy the DVD, even though it looks and sounds pretty bad (you've been  warned!).<br />But for the picky DVD collector, for goodness sakes, stay away  from this DVD!
B000002ADT|5.0|I recommend this album for newbies to jazz because it is accessible.  But it is the album to which I listen most because it is deep and innovative.  I've listened to classical, rock, and (gulp) country.  This album is the  best music ever recorded.  Miles (with a lot of help from Evans)  transcended centuries of musical structure, carving new territory, and  creating new sounds, textures, and colors.  The remaster is essential  because it corrects some recording errors on earlier LP and CD releases.
B000001FS3|5.0|This is an incredible CD that stands the test of time.  Most casual fans have only heard the first 3 radio hits, but there is much more to be found here.  My personal favorite track is &quot;Red Hill Mining Town&quot;.  By  the way, I saw this CD at a used record store.  Who in their right mind  would sell it back unless they were smoking the funky stuff !
B00000I5ZY|5.0|This is a great movie to watch over and over again. One reason is the characters. Being an American I was not familiar with the Brittish acters, but they were great in this film. Another reason is the music. I have been  a fan of classic rock all my life, and with this sound track there is new  classic rock to listen to.
0553502557|5.0|I've listened to the audio tape twice...I have a long commute, and Bill Bryson takes me to Australia when ever I want. I reach my destination with a smile on my face!   This is a great tape!  I just keep it in the car so  I can go to Australia whenever I want!   ( I HAVE to go there! )  One note  to Mr. Bryson and his editors -- A herbicide kills plants, not an  insecticide -- reference the section on the horrible cactus problems.  It's  a wonderful book!
6305892946|4.0|I saw this movie just yesterday. It was a lot of fun and a total surprise! (With the first two, people told me who the killers were before I saw it.)  A murdurous joyride on the way to a masterful finish, it's definitely the  perfect end to such a wonderful horror trilogy.
0783225857|5.0|I think most people reading the reviews for To Kill a Mockingbird have already seen this classic film and/or read the novel.  Suffice it to say, there is little need to indulge in any lengthy film synopsis other than to  say that this film represents one of but a handful of times when a film  truly captures the essence and warmth of the novel on which it is based.   Though I only saw this film once as a child, its memory stuck in my mind  for a long time, and when I heard that the film had been released on DVD, I  quickly purchased a copy.  My memories did not betray me, for this is just  as enchanting and moving a film as I remembered it to be.  Furthermore, the  DVD transfer is excellent.  The picture quality is sparkling and the sound  is crystal clear.  Plus, there is a good commentary track and very in-depth  cast and bio notes.  However, the best extra is the documentary  &quot;Fearful Symmetry.&quot;  Unlike most documentary nowadays, which tend  to focus on self-propaganda and promotion and special effects, this long  (practically feature-length!) documentary uses the film as a starting point  from which to discuss the background era in which the film is set; it  focuses on real people and real locales which find their parallel in the  movie.  In sort, this is quite a remarkable documentary and is, in my  opinion, the best one I've seen on any DVD by a long shot.<br />So, you  already know how great this film is and how great Gregory Peck is in it.   This DVD does the film justice, and I applaud Universal for producing such  a high-quality DVD.  A 5 star effort all the way!
B00004TDTO|5.0|Sometimes a new DVD can be an exciting purchase for the surprises, such as better sound or picture quality than expected. &quot;Jaws&quot; isn't going to surprise anyone in those areas. In fact, there is nothing spectacular  about either the sound or the picture. But it will not disappoint. It is a  solid piece of filmmaking and a good quality DVD to complement it. Along  with the movie, there are enough extras to keep the viewer entertained for  several hours. An hour-long documentary offers a great many insights into  the making and marketing of the movie. And it's always fun to see the  appearance many years later of the actors and filmmakers from a 25-year-old  movie. Their comments reflect how well this film has aged. These types of  documentaries help ease the sting of no commentary track. The movie is  still as much fun as it was the first time we saw the shark rear its head  from the water and heard the police chief utter, &quot;You're going to need  a bigger boat.&quot; And with this DVD we learn the story behind all the  hullabaloo we've heard for years about the mechanical shark not working  properly. It's a fun time all the way, from the opening scenes to the last  production note.
B000002GLE|5.0|The real greatness of true stars like Dire Straits, Eric Clapton etc. and of course Sting is that they are able to perform at their best on stage, that they sound there exactly like in studios and that they get together a  band of real musical masters. The outcome is usually really great album,  which is far better to listen to than any studio album. Live performance  has something in it. Sting has excellent sense for music and performing. He  is a great singer, plays good bass (although not on all of those tracks, I  believe) and he gathered together real pros, that sound even better. They  brought on the night, which leaves no mixed emotions behind. Sting has  played many years with The Police and alone and has developed his unique  style, which is clearly displayed in his work. You either love it or hate  it. And as a fan of Sting for many years I'm certainly not among the  latter.
B00000AFHM|2.0|I bought becuase I heard the title track, Roller Coaster Ride and a few others from a friend, and hoped that the rest of the album would be as good. Unfortunantly, it's not. Those songs and a couple others are nice,  but kind of trite, and the rest of the tunes, especially those sung by  other the band members, are downright lame. This album has some bright  spots, but it's real fault is that it totally lacks dynamics. A real  yawn-fest.
B000028U0Y|5.0|This re-mastered version of the previously released album is, without a doubt, one of the best Concert albums ever released.  There are certain  events that, regardless of your personal taste in music or performers,  transcend the genre of the songs.  Cheap Trick's &quot;Live at the  Buddokan&quot;, Nirvana's &quot;Unplugged in New York&quot;, and Billie  Holiday's &quot;At Carnegie Hall&quot; are a few such records.  &quot;At  Folsom Prison&quot; blows them all away.  The Tennessee Two backing Cash  are in unbelievable form in one of their last full shows.  June Carter's  defiant country sexuality jumping in on Jackson and other songs ramps up  the crowd that much more.  And Cash is at his peak playing to the audience;  picking the right songs, emphasizing the right lyrics, siding with the  crowd in cracks about the guards, food, etc.  The music in this concert  bangs off the bars and concrete walls and comes back filled with hoops,  hollers and the sound of clanking doors.  Each song fits perfectly and  rocks along at a pace steadier than the passing of days in the prison.   Absolute musical perfection and a must own for any music fan.
0684857219|4.0|Besides being written by Arnold, this book is a very good reference.  It has many of the top exercises used to gain mass and define the muscles.  It has been a very valuable reference for my workouts.  His workouts are very  specific and I didnt find the format of his workouts to be good for me,  However the exercises he includes are incredible,  I use a good portion of  them in my routine and the pictures of the bodybuilders that are best at  the exercises show how really to do them.  Also there is a good reference  section for the actual art of posing and competitive training as well as a  brief bio of the sport, Arnold and many of his idols.  Must have desk  reference but not the end all of weighlifting books.
6305903182|4.0|Well, in my opinion, the first Scream is still the best, but the 3rd is still a good movie. The overall plot is good, and continues to move the storyline set in the first two, and closes it out really well. My only real  complaint and the reason I didn't give it a 5 was lack of real development  in the supporting cast. In the first movie you really got to know all the  cast, from Sidney down to Principal Himbry. In number 2 it was the same,  other then a few such as Cici, you really got know most of the characters.  In the 3rd you continue get more on the happenings of Sidney, Gale, and  Dewey. But only the Lead detectice, and the actor who played Gale, really  got much attention. The other people were just there, and I really didn't  care one way or the other when they got killed. Well, other then that one  complain it's a good movie. I reccommened it to anyone who enjoyed the  first and/or second Scream films.
0684800713|3.0|I agree with the remarks of the reviewer a few spaces down- this could have been a wonderful short story or novella.  I also kept wondering where the story was.  Now, if you've read my review of The Great Gatsby, you know  that I do not demand a &quot;plot&quot; so to speak, but still... I was  left wondering where the beginning and the end were, and what they  signified.<br />I did enjoy the descriptions of Spain and bullfighting (I read  this on a couple of hot days on my hammock with a few Coronas:)  The  descriptions of the bullfights, in addition to being vivid, are accurate.  If anyone has ever read the works of Prosper Merimee (colomba, carmen),  specifically his Lettres d'Espagne-- Les Courses de Taureaux, you will  enjoy the passages in Spain in Hemingway's book.<br />After I had finished  reading and had time to digest what had occurred, I felt better about The  Sun Also Rises, but I still feel the need to read it again.  One thing that  has always bothered me about Hemingway, however, was his  anti-Semitism...<br />By the way, can anyone fully explain the meaning of the  title?
0618001905|1.0|If you like your history books to be spell-binding and riveting and read like great fiction (as apparently do a number of those who have previously submitted reviews) you may well enjoy this book.  However, if you hold to  only slightly higher standards, you will quickly see Hochschild's  historical scholarship for what it is not.  The story he tells is that  horrible things happened to native Africans in the exploration and  development of the Congo.  This is true.  And for this King Leopold was  roundly (and justifiably) criticized at the time.  But did King Leopold  foresee, promote, cause, or worst of all, intend such evil?  Hochschild  says he did. How else, he asks, do you explain what happened?  To further  bolster his case against King Leopold Hochschild points out a number of  personal shortcomings of Leopold (seems he had a bunch of crazy relatives  and he favored young girls). And Hochschild repeatedly offers his own  unique insights into the  thought process of this evil genius.  All  speculation and conjecture.  Hochschild never connects the historical dots.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|When I had bought Ghostbusters, I thought I may regret it because I had seen it not too long ago.  But when I popped it in the player, I was amazed.  The color was bright, the sound was clear, and it has an  extrodinary menu that is both pleasing to the eyes as it is fun to  activate.  The producers of the movie made a great effort to restore the  film and its quality is probably better than it was originally.  This is a  must buy.
B000031WD9|1.0|this is extremely unfunny, no real jokes except for the usual juvenile filth on offer here. Anyone who even so much sniggers at this abomination is a stupid, uneducated, brainless fool and should be should along with  every member of their family.
0446525537|2.0|Though his other two books are quite good, if overly sentimental, this book didn't quite do it for me.  The story was too syrupy, the characters to young to really be believable.  Landon had a very quick change of  heart...  These could be forgiven, I suppose, if the heroine was not so  disgustingly perfect.  She wasn't even human (I realize she is only seen  through the eyes of a young man in love, but still).  Her character had no  complexities at all.   I suppose my main problem was that the story was too  sweet to be believed.  It was better before Landon fell in love and before  Jamie told him of her illness.  After that it was just ridiculous.
B00003CWTH|5.0|Magnolia is the all-time best movie of the 90's.  It's definitely the best movie that I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of movies.  This movie was so emotional and moving.  The wonderful actors and actresses in this movie  made you believe that they were not acting, but that it was real and that  is very hard to do.  I really loved how the director (Paul Thomas Anderson)  made it so that there were like 10 main characters and all of them had  essential and important parts.  Parts so important that if one of them were  not in the movie, the movie would fall apart.  I loved this movie and you  should go see it.
B00000BKI4|5.0|I'm justing posting this to mess with the results. I like the couple of songs I downloaded off of Napster (especially Caroline Says part II, which CD is that on) and I'm going to buy a CD at Best Buy or something  eventually.
0783240236|5.0|Hitchcock excelled at the unexpected.  He was the master of the ultra impossible, unreasonable situation foisted upon the innocent bystander, and nothing is more unreasonable than formally unimportant, benign creatures  like birds turning into death-dealing little critters in a berserk rampage  upon a small coastal hamlet by the pacific sea.  Hitchcock throws his  townspeople and the principle characters into chaos.  No logical sense in  the bird attacks, they come, kill, and then go. My best suggestion is for  the viewer to watch The Birds with no preconcieved ideas about literary  structure, or symbolism.  The Birds demonstrate that human reason and logic  can't explain everything, and that fear is deadliest when we can't explain  it amongst ourselves.
B00000JCB2|5.0|One of of the best rap\rock\metal albums I have ever heard.Excellent guitars and great drumming. If you like hard stuff but don't like Limp Bizkit then you should probably see a shrink
630575067X|1.0|If I could give 0 stars, I would.  That being said, I enjoyed the theatrical presentation of this film.  While the story line had some slow/superficial spots, the sound, imaging, and cutting edge effects more  than compensated.  UNFORTUNATELY, Lucasfilms, in all their brilliant  arrogance and stupidity, opted against DVD release.  Bad move Georgy boy!   Why should us common folk be made to suffer just because you're still  miffed at the fact that you would not support a technology that proved  successful even without your support?  Come on, put your pride on the  shelf, along with some  DVD star wars triolgies/ prequels/ Indiana Jones  flicks/ etc....
0876855575|5.0|This was the first Bukowski book I've ever read, and I don't plan for it to be my last.  I picked up this title because I'd read that, at Christmas, Bukowski's books are among the most stolen from NY bookstores.  I love to  read books that end up banned or those that end up stolen, usually because  they're astounding pieces of work, and this book was no exception.  Henry  utterly hates life (especially his father), and it's easy to see why.  Through Henry's eyes, the reader sees and feels some terrible things --  Henry's beatings, the treatments for his skin, the repulsive traits of  fellow characters.  The book will leave you drained and angry because the  images Bukowksi gives you are very vivid, some bordering on disgusting.  It  wasn't until after I read the book that I learned it's a thinly disguised  bio.  No wonder Bukowski's tone is bitter and fierce; if you read this,  you'll see why.  I couldn't help altering my feelings for Henry at almost  every chapter.  You get one side of Henry in one chapter, and in the next,  you'd swear it was a whole new character.  Henry isn't a very complex  character, but his observations are.  One of the saddest parts of the book  comes when Henry's skin treatments end; the nurse who performs his therapy  seems to be the only person in the entire book that cares about him, albeit  in a medical capacity.  Bukowski shows us a seamy side of life with rich  descriptions and chracters that no fiction writer could create.  Can't wait  to try more of his books!
B00000K19E|5.0|With its unconventional storyline , excellent acting , out -of-this-world special effects and non-stop action The Matrix is probably the best sci-fi\action movie I have ever seen. Right from the beginning to the end I  was glued to the screen anxious not to miss anything. The fact that I saw  it 9 times should tell you something. Excellent music too. If you didn't  like the Matrix you should probably see a shrink.
0792841344|5.0|This movie is seriously awesome.I saw the DVD transfer at my friends house and it rules.The picture is unbelieveably clear,the sound incredible,the extras are superb.You get extremely rare behind the scenes footage, interviews with the cast and crew,cut scenes and loads more.Buy this DVD  NOW!<br />PS:I wrote another review above that I accidently  made anonymous.
0786889284|5.0|Sergeant Lou Bolt is one of my favorite characters.  Intricate and well rounded, he is surrounded by several other well defined characters.  Ridley Pearson builds a magnetic plot and then draws it to an amazing conclusion  at break-neck speed.  With some conclusions left unresolved, I'm looking  forward to the next installment in this series.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica, also known as &quot;The Black Album&quot; was the album that catapulted Metallica to rock superstardom.  Five of the 12 tracks are radio staple STILL after 9 years of its release:  Enter Sandman, Sad But True,  Unforgiven, Wherever I May Roam, and Nothing Else Matters.  Although many  people cried &quot;sellout&quot; when this album came out, but I feel they  are wrong, VERY wrong.  Although this album did sell like 12 million (or  whatever it is) copies, the songs here are agressive, heavy, and GREAT.   This album, in fact sounds heavier to me than Justice.  I do feel that this  was Metallica's last great record.  Many people have started to even hate  their earlier albums due to their output in the ninties.  I find that  uphauling.  You may not like their newer stuff, but their older stuff is  still the same stuff it was in the 80s.  This album is truely an album for  everyone.  If you have not gotten into Metallica yet, get this album.  If  you like their slower melodic and poppier songs, get LOAD and RELOAD.  If  you like their hard edged aggressive songs, go for Master of Puppets and  Ride the Lightning.
B000031WD9|4.0|This film would have to be one of the funniest of the year that's for sure.<br />The fact that so many High School students around the globe must be able to relate to it is funny enough.  I'm sure most people have at least  done a few of the things seen in this movie and watching it brought tears  to my eyes at how close some instances are to my own personal  experiences.<br />The jokes are great and the addition of the Exchange student  scene and also the relationship the dad has with his sun is hilarious.   Also the way the relationships beetween the guys and their targets develop  is great and is sure to ring bells for many a teen.<br />A great watch over  and over again and the unrated version is definately the way to go.   ENJOY!
B00004TJTS|5.0|WOW, I watched &quot;My Dog Skip&quot; on DVD today and I was crying my eyes out!  I won't give away the movie except to say it is a TRULY touching look at an only-child boy and his best friend puppy who opens the boy's  life to new horizons.<br />The movie is very true to life and down to earth.   It's not silly like &quot;Bingo&quot; (although I love that movie) or  overly-adventurous like &quot;Far From Home: The Adventures of Yellow  Dog&quot;.  Skip is not a hero in the way that Lassie would usually save  Timmy's or someone else's life.  Rather, the movie is a slice-of-life  portrait of the south during WW2, a true story of the friendship that can  only develop between a boy and his dog.<br />Frankie Muniz (as Willie Morris)  is resposible for making the movie 100% believable.  I identified with his  character from the start.  Not to mention that Frankie's face was made for  the camera!<br />The cute little pooch who grows up for us in the movie is a  huggable little Jack Russell who is as cute as Frankie.  And when both of  them are together, well, it makes for wonderful scenes and &quot;Kodak  moments&quot;.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I thought this movie was brilliant at the theater. I enjoyed its black humour. I can understand why many people may not like it because of its violence, but it didn't phase me. I found the story, and the cinematography  just beautiful.<br />So the movie itself was great. The DVD is brilliant. Its  adds to the movie in the way only a truely utilised DVD of today can do.  The interactivety is impressive. Though I would have liked a bit more of a  documentary that stepped me through the making of the movie.<br />One of the  best features of the movie is the commentry by Fincher, Pitt and Norton.  The discussion wouldn't be out of place with the guys sitting in your  lounge room over a few beers. With their humour and their insight into the  ideas of the movie.<br />The features that show off how the movies SFX will  just amaze. I love computer graphics, and this stuff REALLY shows what you  can do.<br />If you liked the movie, get the DVD. If your looking for a very  clever transfer, get the DVD. Its well worth the money.
6305537798|5.0|Every year we are introduced with a barage of teen roamnce movies and just about every one of them fails because it is nothing but a bunch of cliches. But out of that bunch comes a smart funny high school movie. 10 things i  hate about you is smart and very funny. Kat played by Julia Stiles in a  winning performance who is sullen and has a smart answer for everyone. Her  sister Bianca is bound to become famous. But one problem comes in the way  their father dosn;t want Bianca to date until kat does. Since she hates men  that will be never. Until she meets Patrick Verona played by Heath Ledger  in a great role. She falls in love. <br />Gil Junger directing from a script  from Karen McCullah Lutz and Kirsten Smith is peppy and full on great one  liners. The cast of relative unknowns is great. and in a very funny role  Allison Janney is Ms Perky the guidance counsoler who is writing a trashy  romance novel is very funny. A smart film and a good time
B0000033TE|5.0|Over the years, it's gotten tiresome to hear the continued critical bashing of progressive rock bands, to the point that even a favorable review can be full of descriptive terms such as \\"worringly erratic\\" and  \\"evil\\" (see the review above).  Progressive rock represents an era when  everything was possible, and rock music was being raised beyond the endless  rehashing of three-chord tripe that seems to represent the limit of many a  critic's understanding.  For a brief shining moment, bands such as ELP saw  rock as the synthesis of every style that had come before it...and saw  themselves as showmen in the flamboyant, eclectic tradition of the 19th  century's romantic composers such as Liszt and Wagner.   Now, the  progressive rock era's finest works (of which this is one) serve as awesome  reminders of that time, as a musical escape for those current listeners  enlightened enough to return to them, and as an inspiration for what will  hopefully be a prog resurgence among today's artists.<br />BRAIN SALADSURGERY  is one of the handful of definitive examples of the 70s progressive rock  genre.  Yes, it's wildly eclectic, drawing on a seemingly unlimited range  of influences, but the band was unbelievably talented, and the music stands  as a singular accomplishment.  Although I'm a lifelong prog fan, I'm  relatively new to this recording...and I must say I'm impressed.  Despite the  aforementioned eclecticism, the album functions as a cohesive whole, with a  sound that unmistakably belongs to the band.  From Parry's \\"Jerusalem\\" to  Ginastera's \\"Toccata\\" to the band's own intricate \\"Karn Evil 9\\", every  piece offers new surprises and musical insights.  Also valuable in  understanding/appreciating the music is the commentary track and excellent  booklet included.<br />Another common critical mistake: All prog is not the  same...this album is night-and-day different from Yes' CLOSE TO THE EDGE, for  example, just as Beethoven is different from Mozart).  ELP is a very  aggressive-sounding, hard driving band that won't be everyone's cup of  tea...but I loved it, just as I love Yes...they're simply different styles of  music.  <br />My favorite quote about ELP is from Carl Palmer, which I  paraphrase thus:  \\"Critics say we're pompous and pretentious...which we are!\\"   Progressive rock is what it is; critics should stop trying to pigeonhole  it in with the Rolling Stones et.al.  Here's to intellectualism in rock  music!
0792833236|5.0|A film brimming with fire and passion. THE quintessential Scorsese picture, his best film and surely the one he will be remembered by. A powerhouse film from the beginning credits to DeNiro's final 'I Coulda Been  A Contenda' speech. DeNiro gives one of the best performances in film  history, the physical transformation is astonishing but the emotional  rhythm of his performance is also admirable. He captures the essence of  LaMotta, a man who is insecure with himself and his sexuality and takes it  off with his wife and with his opponents in the ring. The boxing sequences  are nothing short of brilliant and they're technical marvels as well.  Astonishing use of editing and beautifully brutal cinematography but also  the sound editing is brilliant, Scorcese used cracking bulbs and squishing  sponges for the punches, but also mixed in some animal cries to heighten  the brutality of the sequences. DeNiro is probably the greatest actor of  his generation and this is his best performance. He is a fearless actor  that isn't afraid to give his heart and soul to the film and that is  exactly what he does here, we don't see 'DeNiro playing another character'  we see and hear Jake LaMotta. Joe Pesci is also great as LaMotta's brother,  a flawless performance that could almost compare to DeNiro's. Cathy  Moriarty is also devastating as LaMotta's young wife, he was only 19 at the  time and her transformation to an adult Vicky is remarkable. Powerhouse  direction by Scorsese and a gem of a script by Paul Schrader. One of the  best films of all time and without a doubt the best movie of the 1980's.  From a scale of 1-10 I give this film a 10!
B0000028VT|3.0|Music Box was the last Mariah CD I bought (not counting the Christmas album). I enjoyed her first two a great deal, skipped Unplugged, and was excited to get this one as well. Unfortunately this CD doesn't seem to have  the same flavor as her self-titled debut and Emotions, and shows signs of  switching over to the much more hip-hop form of her later works.<br />&quot;I  Can't Live&quot; is a worthy remake of the original, and without a doubt  the best song on the album. However this one has a few weak entries too,  including &quot;Hero&quot; which I only ever felt was so-so at best.<br />For  those who enjoy Mariah's later work more than the early work, this CD's  probably for them. If they prefer the earlier stuff like I do, this will  probably be a disappointment but perhaps worth owning for a few of the  better songs.
158234082X|5.0|As a culinary student I really appreciated Mr. Bourdain's honesty about what goes on in most New York Kitchens, but I'm afraid he has terrified me into heading straight into a test kitchen or a catering operation.  As a  consumer and foodie, I appreciated his honesty, and now I know when to  order to fish and get the best meals.
0767849493|2.0|On many levels, &quot;Dogma&quot; falls flat. The problem starts with filmmaker Smith's written intro. In this, he claims that &quot;Dogma&quot; isn't a ridiculing attack on Catholicism, but a mere insubstantial fantasy.  Yeah, right. If it's a fantasy, it needs to be outright &quot;ha-ha&quot;  funny, with lots of imaginative wackiness throughout. It isn't. If it's a  satire attacking Catholicism, it needs to be incisively witty. It isn't.  Smith unsuccessfully tries for something between these two approaches. He  tries for humor solely through disrespecting Catholic beliefs. Lest you  think I'm a defender of Catholicism, you should know that I'm 100% atheist.  And I've never been Catholic, so I have no axe to grind. Smith is annoying  in his twisting and scrambling of Catholic dogma. You've heard of cafeteria  Catholicism? This is a Catholicism food fight! One shouldn't write like  this if one isn't an outright unbeliever. Work out your crisis of faith in  private, Smith, not by attacking your religion in theaters everywhere. If  Smith can still consider himself a good Cathloic after writing  &quot;Dogma,&quot; then this in itself is a powerful refutation of  Catholicism. The extremely complicated plot-with lots of exposition from  the characters-is hardly worth following. &quot;Dogma&quot; has a poor  script. Attempts at realism are thwarted by it. Characters' genuine  questioning of God's purposes are met with no answers or worthless, trite  answers. It lacks the wit necessary to make a truly effective attack on  Catholicism. To be fair, I must say that all the actors gave superb  performances. They did the best they could with the weak script. Though  Carlin was miscast. He made it hard to accept the movie's initial premise.  Some criticize the movie's directing and editing. I found no problem there.  Any awkwardness can be traced back to the screwy theology and poor script.  If you really enjoyed this kind of apocalyptic comedy, allow me to  recommend the novel &quot;Good Omens&quot; by Prachett &amp; Gaiman. With  more skillful writing, this movie could have been a much more effective  satire of Catholicism. This atheist gives &quot;Dogma&quot; a big  thumbs-down.l &quot;Good Omens&quot; by Prachett &amp; Gaiman. With  more skillful writing, this movie could have been a much more effective  satire of Catholicism. This atheist gives &quot;Dogma&quot; a big  thumbs-down.
6302797586|5.0|I can't explain how much I love this movie.  I saw it for the first time about two and a half years ago, and when I was finished, I was just stunned! Absolutely amazed! The movie worked on every level.  I then  decided to read the book, which was also amazing.  <br />I have waited a long  time for this. Please release this wonderful title on DVD.  Maybe even with  some great extras.  Let The Criterion Collection get their hands on it and  make a special edition.  <br />I am willing to bet there are many people out  there that are waiting for this; whether it be dropped VHS price, or a DVD  edition. Please get this movie released, I love it so much.
B000002NFM|2.0|OK, I'll take this opportuniy to share with the world something that's been plaguing my brain for some time: Liam Howlett- GO SOLO!  Let's face it, Prodigy IS Liam Howlett!  The other guys (Keith Flint, Leeroy and  Maxim) are moochers!  Everyone agrees that the first two albums  (&quot;Experience&quot; and &quot;Music for the Jilted Generation&quot;)  were Prodigy at their(his) best- notice how the elements absent from those  albums are the same elements that the moochers added to this album (Rock-y  lyrics and a lot of Metal influence) and which drug this album right down  the tubes?  Howlett did it all on the first two albums LITERALLY (it was  all machines and technical stuff); the others did nothing (Keith and Leeroy  are both credited as &quot;Dancers&quot; at live shows and Maxim only  contributed some vocal bursts (ie: &quot;C'mon!&quot; or &quot;Get  Up!&quot;). Prodigy used to be pioneering; they rubbed the dancefloor down  with sandpaper and turned it upside down- we loved it!  Now, thanks largely  to Keith, they're just some wannabe Techno-rockers!  Howlett's element  (analogues and hard-hittin' drums) are all but silenced on this album (you  can kinda of hear him in the background getting nauseous.) So, if you're  new to Prodigy, PLEASE DO NOT start here, go with one of their earlier  albums; that's what Prodigy (Liam) sounds like; this album is Keith's;  compared to the genius of &quot;Jilted Generation,&quot; it's not very good  at all.
078322608X|4.0|My brother bought the DVD because it had Bruce Willis in it.  I don't  think he really liked it, but I found it fascinating.  After watching the  movie I really began to think about it.  Some people enjoy it while others  don't.<br />The actors are excellent especially Bradd Pitt.  His role as a  'Nut' is outstanding.  I was very impressed by it.
0140149295|5.0|im not much for reading. i did however watch the movie....i was touched by everyone,the whole life of carter. im 29 wht male so i havent see all the racism that many blk americans have gone thru in the past but i do see the  present. what i did see in the movie to compare to now is that there is  alot,alot of space to fill with love and hope,courage to eliminate hate ! i  admire anyone who over comes this...and pray one day my kids will grow up  without hate. thanks carter in showing us what anyone can overcome. your a  hero , inspiration to many. thanks for reading my review
B00004TR2G|5.0|In the early 1970s, the craft of the film score was nearly dead. Despite the efforts of established composers like Jerry Goldsmith and Elmer Bernstein, small combos and electronic instrumentation were the rage. More  than any other single factor, the popularity of John Williams' mid-'70s  soundtracks re-elevated film composition.  His splendid music for disaster  epics like \\"The Towering Inferno\\" were auspicious beginnings, but  \\"Jaws\\" set the standard.  Its popular appeal was staggering, and  this newly expanded disc illustrates exactly what it was Williams was doing  so well - so much better in fact than anyone else.    The old 1975 LP (and  subsequent CD) was truncated but still conveyed the richness and excitement  of this seminal movie score.  This new, expanded edition nearly doubles the  amount of music to be savored; the score has been filled out with a great  deal of music not on the original soundtrack album as well as portions cut  from the final film. The CD has a breathtaking clarity that brings the  subtlest sounds forward and makes this essential movie score even more  exciting.  I was delighted to discover that a few new inclusions, like  \\"Father and Son,\\" \\"Into the Estuary\\" and \\"Between  Attacks\\" contain some of my own personal favorite musical cues in the  film.  Collectors will notice that some of the tracks as heard in the movie  (\\"Montage,\\" for instance) are slightly different - sometimes  briefer, often much better - than their corresponding analog (LP)  selections.  Many thanks to Laurent Bouzereau, Shawn Murphy and DECCA for  presenting us with this holy grail - the complete and definitive  \\"Jaws\\" - at last.
0385486804|5.0|After researching his story, Jon Krakauer came to understand why the subject of his unforgettable book &quot;Into the Wild&quot; hiked into oblivion in the first place.  Krakauer understands the mentality of a  foolish youth who would risk life and limb in the hopes of great adventure.  He understands, as he relates, because he once was that youth.  Krakauer  is a master storyteller whose prose evokes vivid images not only of the  last two years of Chris McCandless's life, but also of that strange breed  of person who is drawn to Alaska to get as far away as possible from the  constraints of life in the lower 48.  McCandless's story is fascinating and  Krakauer does a great service to his memory.
B00004TJTQ|5.0|A must see!  My husband, 4yr old twin sons, 9 yr old son &amp; myself all watched this movie last night. We all enjoyed it very much &amp; every single one of us cryed. This was the best family movie that we have seen in  a l-o-n-g time!
1558801871|5.0|Like that means anything to you, but it is. Mo' better blues is about a brilliant musician  battling his inner  and outer demons. It's also a love story of sorts. Denzel Washington once again gives and effortless  performance as Bleek Gilliam the talented and tourchred musician. Fine  support work comes from Wesley Snipes, Newcomer Cynda Williams and Joi Lee.  Once again veteren Cinematographey Ernest Dickerson shines his brillian  photography.The score by Terence Blanchard is also excellent. Like I said  this is my favorite Spike Lee movie. This may not be spikes best work (do  the right thing) but this is the first film where spike seeems most  comfortable behind the camera. MO better has a real 'im a porfessional'look  to it. This movie really has the feel of a jazz movie, with it's bright  colors and even better soundtrack makes this movie a pleasure to watch.
0061002747|5.0|I was kinda forced to reading this book. I am in a School program that requires summer reading and assignments to follow. And this summer this book was on my list. I dreaded reading this book. But as soon, as I really got to reading this book. I couldn't put it down. It was great. The way  they gave nothing away. The surprise ending is the best part of the book. I  suggest if you love mysteries, read this book, and you'll definately find  this is the best of all time.
B00000J7I3|5.0|This is definately the best Motley Crue album ever. It captures the Hollywood lifestyle that they were living at the time they recorded their classic debut. The songs are eqaul parts metal, punk, and glam but the  album is 100% original and 100% Motley Crue. It is without a doubt the best  Crue album and one of the best metal albums of all time. Even though the  sound quality is not that good the amazing songs speak for  themselves.<br />Live Wire opens the album which is one of the most popular  Motley Crue songs of all time. Vince's voice is in top form and Tommy Lee's  drumming as always is purely amazing. Merry-Go-Round is another amazing  song. That is one of my personal favorites by Motley Crue. The song also  has a really cool guitar solo in it. Some other hilights of this truly  amazing album are Starry Eyes, On with the Show, Come On and Dance, and and  Take Me to the Top. If you already own this album I strongly suggest buying  the remastered version of this album. The 4 unreleased songs put on the end  of the album are truly amazing. Toast of the Town is the best of the  unreleased songs. Tonight is also an amazing version of the Raspberries  song. Stick to your Guns is also an amazing song about being true to  yourself and not selling your soul to something you don't believe in just  because it's trendy. Motley never had to worry about that because they  created the trends. Another amazing song is Too Fast for Love with the  alternate intro. I don't know why they left the intro off the album in the  first place. It totally takes the song to another level. All in all Too  Fast for Love is an amazing album that I reccommend anyone to buy weather  you're a Motley fan or just like great music.
B000002NHN|5.0|&quot;The Book Of Secrets&quot; is one of the best albums ever made! I would have given it 6 stars, but you can't. &quot;Dante's Prayer&quot; is alone worth the price.  That song could be the background music to John  Christopher's novel &quot;Empty World&quot; were it a movie.  The rest of  the album is so great! I can't wait until her next album is released.
0767819462|5.0|Stepmom is a great movie.  The actors in it are GREAT!   You can really feel the tension between Susan Sarandon and Julia Roberts when they are fighting.  The movie is also really heartwarming when the whole family gets  together.  It teaches you to be there for the people you care about, no  matter what.  It is an all around, AWESOME movie.
B00004THAY|5.0|Masters at work ... relaxed, confident in their own abilities ... grateful for the opportunity to work with the other.  The mutual respect is obvious on every track.  The choice of covered songs complements the styles and  likes of both blues guitar heroes.<br />A clear winner!  It meets - no it  EXCEEDS - all expectations.  So if you've ever wondered what the most  important things are in making great blues, the clues are simple -  &quot;The King&quot; and &quot;God&quot;.
6305127697|4.0|It's been awhile since I saw this film.  After watching Fight Club(which I didn't particularly like), I was checking out other Ed Norton films and saw this one on the list.  <br />Ed Norton absolutely makes this film.  Gere is  his usual self, meaning just OK, but Norton's performance as Gere's client  is fabulous.  If you like movies with a twist at the end, you MUST see this  one.
B00000JJQK|3.0|I find it hard to take anything from the US seriously,afterall its a cultural desert.The Beach Boys are typical examples of this cultural wasteland,empty &amp; vapid with no soul.Remember we are talking about  surfer boys here!  Not your average birthplace of artistic genius! This  album is just harmless party music and meant to be taken as seriously as a  baywatch CD.I suggest the Mozarts of our time,the Beatles and their  masterpiece Seargent Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band unless you just want a  bunch of filler plus a few hits.
B000002KH3|5.0|I must have worn out 20 copies of this album (vinyl, tape, and CD versions).  I will never forget the first time I heard this album -- I was a freshman in high school and my older sister brought it home and turned it  on.  WOW!   Especially with all the disco that we were forced to listen to  back then...I was also lucky enough to see VH that same year at Day on the  Green in Oakland.  True, some of the tracks don't wear especially well  today, but the energy throughout the album, especially  &quot;Eruption&quot;, &quot;Atomic Punk&quot; and &quot;You Really Got  Me&quot; just tears out of the speakers - raw and gritty.  What a guitar  maestro Eddie Van Halen is -- perhaps one day he will get the RESPECT he so  richly deserves.  David Lee Roth isn't the greatest singer in the world,  but he had terrific energy and a really great stage presence -- he could've  given Mick Jagger and Steven Tyler a run for their money for sure during  those glory years..I read somewhere that VH1 is Warner Bros' best selling  catalog album.  I believe it!  I have heard this CD blasting out of players  being carried by teenagers whose parents were listening to this album.  Great rock never dies!
B000009PNY|4.0|Someone said that Depeche Mode fans might not enjoy thisrecord. I consider myself a fan, and I love most of the songs onhere. But as I said, even the lousier covers make it obvious that DM's greatest strength is the songwriting of Martin Gore.  I wasn't too impressed with the Smashing Pumpkins cover, which seems lifeless to me. That's not surprising, since it first appeared as a B-side around 1994, before the Pumpkins acquired a more electronic sound that would have served them well here.  There's some surprisingly good stuff, though, like the GLU track, The Cure doing &quot;World In My Eyes,&quot; and Failure's version of &quot;Enjoy The Silence&quot; - one of the best pop songs ever written, for my money. I'd never heard of Gus Gus before, but found their version of &quot;Monument&quot; very moody and interesting. And Rammstein's &quot;Stripped&quot; cover is so hysterical I can't stop listening to it.  So if you like Depeche Mode for their slippery synth-pop sound, this record might not be for you. But if you just love the songs themselves, as I do, you should definitely give it a shot.
6305307261|3.0|Technically speaking, the movie is terrific.  The film quality is crisp and wonderfully coloured and is devoid of the orangey overtones and bleeding reds so many films from the 1970s seem to suffer.  Unfortunately,  the sound has a definite hiss.<br />Story-wise, the movie isn't so great.  Although I'm not a fan of Hollywood's rushed plots, Nosferatu is too  slow-paced.  When Jonathan Harker is snooping through Dracula's castle,  tension builds, but nothing happens.  He doesn't even stub his toe, and his  eventual escape from the castle is anticlimactic to the extreme.  I can see  how the tradition of lack-lustre actors portraying Jonathan Harker started.  The Jonathan of this movie is no more exciting than Keanu Reeve's  portrayal in Bram Stoker's Dracula.<br />Aside from the gorgeous scenery,  there isn't a whole lot I found interesting about the film.  Although Lucy  (Isabel Adjani) is as delectably gorgeous and freaky-looking as always, and  Nosferatu (Klaus Kinski) is an amusingly ugly and impeccably manicured  freak, the movie is just plain boring.  The acting is distinctly wooden,  and line delivery lacks panache.<br />One of the more interesting motifs used  in the film is the ubiquitousness of white plague rats.  Everywhere Lucy  and the minor characters go, they must wade through thousands of the little  critters.  Generally speaking, they ignored their squeaking presence,  paying attention to them only when bitten.  Are these rats partially  invisible?  How come no one reacts to them?  I guess it is a mystery.  I  think the film would have had a much more surreal element if babies had  been used instead of rats.  Imagine Lucy walking through thousands of  crawling naked babies on her way to sprinkle crumbled-up Host wafers on  coffins filled with more naked babies.  The thought certainly added to my  interest of the film.  And if the babies had needle fangs like good ol'  Nossie, so much the better.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|Slipknot is the best band ever.  ( s i c ) is the best song on the whold damn CD. oh yeah,<br />! FRED DURST IS A HOE.!
B00003CXGG|3.0|A few things about this film really bothered me and brought my rating down.  First, the fight scenes were shot from close range and edited too quickly to really show off Jet Li's martial arts talents.  Second, the  relationship between the two leads was more of a buddy relationship than a  romantic/sexual one (not good in a film with a Romeo and Juliet reference  in the title).  Third, and this one is a SPOILER, the movie doesn't live up  to the title.  If you name a film &quot;Romeo Must Die&quot;, then Romeo  had better die.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I saw this movie's LD in my friend's home. It's such a touching, moving story that I've tried to find its video to add to my own collection. I can never find one. I'm glad now I can buy the DVD version. This is definitely  a movie suitable for being published as DVD because it has great picture  quality and incredible music. I heard people said the US video vesion  doesn't use the original Eric Serra's music. That's really ridiculous. Eric  Serra's music perfectly matches the movie. So I hope the DVD version will  contain Eric Serra's stuff, not anything else.
B000001G6W|5.0|I personally feel that Herbert von Karajan has actually become an underrated conductor. &quot;WHAT! &quot; you say.  Yeah, you heard me, underrated!  Karajan has been so hyped up in the classical music industry,  he made SO many recordings before he died that many now write him off as  marketing hype.  He isn't helped by the fact that many think of him as some  kind of cold evil SS officer with a baton.  This recording is a perfect  example of Karajan's skills as a conductor.  Sheer greatness.  It is the  perfect combination of tempo, tension, and beauty.  In addition you  actually get good sound from DG.  Great choice of singers.  This one should  be in the Essentials list.  It is certainly in mine.  Best all around  Beethoven 9th.  Buy it immediatly if you don't own it.
B00004U45G|5.0|It's great to hear these songs again, Page play strong and the band follow him the way it should be. One of the best live album from the past ten years !
0871137380|5.0|What can I say about this fantastic minute by minute account of war? Mark Bowden truly shines as an author and will probably be remembered for years to come for this particular work. I ordered this book expecting it to be an  ordinary story of bravery,weapons, explosions, etc. When it arrived, I was  shocked and humbled by my original predilection. I polished off Black Hawk  Down in a day and loved every minute. As a military enthusiast, I found the  novel doubly as exciting because of the great attention to detail. Nothing  was left out by Bowden, who researched the disaster in Somalia thoroughly.  One could almost feel the heat of the Somalian sun and the popping of  AK-47s through Bowden's description. I felt my heart racing as I knew that  the Army Rangers were not only fighting for their country, but also  fighting for their lives. Black Hawk Down is not just for the enthusiast by  any means, however. I can assure you that all individuals can appreciate  the selfless acts of bravery demonstrated by our armed forces. Black Hawk  Down should be treasured by generations as a constant reminder that war is  hell.
B00003CX6P|5.0|&quot;The Talented Mr. Ripley&quot; is an intense look at how far someone can go to feel accepted, and ultimately not be accepted.  The story follows Tom Ripley (Matt Damon), a quiet musician, who has only accomplaished being  a bathroom attendent at an opera house, in 1950's New York.  Riley's class  gets altered when he is paid by wealthy Herbert Greenleaf, to bring his  son, spoiled, rich bratt Dickie (played to perfection by Jude Law) home.   When Tom becomes obsessed with the life style Dickie is living, he can't  pull away, and expresses his homo-erotic feelings to Dickie, who is cruelly  creeped out by Tom.  Things go haywire when Tom kills his obsession,  Dickie, and tries to assume Dickie's life, and the corse of the story  spirells into a masterful plot where the villian of the story is the  protagonist.  Anthony Minghella constructs a wonderful tapestry, of beauty,  luxory, hatered, and suspence with the Italian Riviera as it's background.   Gwyneth Paltrow plays Dickies girlfriend, who is confused by his  disappearence; Kate Blanchett plays tacky-rich-American-tourist Meredith  who thinks she is seduced by Ripley, who she believes is Dickie, and does a  convincingly wonderful job as well; and Phillip Seymore Hoffman plays  Dickie's best friend, spoiled, playboy Freddie.  What was so fascinating  about &quot;Ripley&quot; is that Minghella uses wonderful scenes and shots  to capture the stories suspence.  He also makes you feel sorry for Tom  Ripley, because he brings out the regection factor all of us have  experienced in some way.  While most of us would never kill in this  circomstance, we all know what its like to be treated cruelly by people we  thought were friends, but only really care about themselves.  That is the  bottom-line theme of the story.  DVD just enhances the enjoyment with all  the extra features. From storyboards, to the making-of documentary feature,  to Minghella's commentary of the movie, the DVD is worth every penny.   While many people hated the movie, I found it very interesting,  cinematographic, excellent, and very well done.
6305531412|1.0|The 1 star is for the DVD not the film. Roger Rabbit is EXCELLENT, but the DVD is very poor. The menu is borning and rushed, the conversion from video to DVD is not amazing and you can see a lot of grains of dust on the film  which cause the blobs you associate with old movies...The sound is  excellent and colour too. No extras, no trailer, no good as a DVD. I would  wait for Disney to make a 'Collector's Edition' which to you and I is what  we expect of an normal DVD. 5/5 for the film, 1/5 for the DVD!
6305910103|5.0|If you don't care much for any Star Trek related movie, you should take a look at this one. It will definitely surprise you. The triumph of the human spirit against all odds, the perils of manipulating nature, are just some  of the ideas presented in this exquisite feature length episode.<br />Star  Trek the Motion Picture was grandiose in scope and visuals, but Wrath of  Khan is true perfection. It is the perfect balance of story, visuals,  music, and everything else Star Trek is wonderful at. James Horner  (Titanic) adapts Jerry Goldsmith's original score from 1 and turns it into  his own personal masterpiece, especially noteworthy is Spock's theme.  <br />The wonderful music rounds out what is probably the greatest Star Trek  episode, appealing to both fans and those who have never cared for Star  Trek. My own sister who hates the series, loved this movie as do I. I  highly recommend it. You may want to look at Star Trek the Motion Picture  first to get a better feel for the characters, but it is not necessary to  enjoy this wonderful film.
630575067X|3.0|Well well well. George Lucas destroyed the magic of the Force in this Star Wars movie by mentioning mitechloreans. However, he made the movie a high-special effects hype that was pretty popular.<br />Here's another  problem. With all the canon information, we know that all Jedi disappear  after they die! Why not Qui-Gon?<br />I also find it a crime that there is no  DVD version of this out yet. However, if you want good stories, go out to  your bookstore and at least buy the Star Wars Thrawn trilogy by Timothy  Zahn.
B00004TDTO|5.0|One of the top ten movies of all time is reproduced compentently on DVD.  Picture and sound quality are first rate given the age of the original.  Certainly a must have for any collector of quality films.
6305609721|5.0|I've heard one person said this movie was Science Fantasy. It isn't. I can see the Sci-Fi aspect of this. An alien probe wants to contact humpback whales on Earth and disrupts anything in its path. The one cool thing about this is what Kirk said &quot;When man was destroying these creatures, he  didn't know he was destroying his own future!&quot; That says it all; a  good moral in my opinion!<br />As for the characters, this was a movie where  all the characters had showpieces, and that was also good. Overall, the  movie was pretty upbeat, and an excellent way to end the  &quot;trilogy&quot; (II-III-IV), Kirk gets what he wants at the end.  <br />This had a good Featurette with Leonard Nimoy  explaining the minuses of Pan &amp; Scan, which fortunately this movie does  not have. The picture, widescreen anamorphic 2.35:1, and the Dolby Digital  5.1 are excellent for the DVD.<br />The only gripe is that the chapter  selections are a bit too few...otherwise, it's good to go!
B000002PFG|5.0|I saw OOA and was captivated by both the movie and its music. I was fortunate to get hold of the soundtrack and remember listening to it every morning. I found it haunting, strangely moving and exceptionally evocative.  I lost the tape  a few years back and hope to get a new copy in the US.  There are no CDs or tapes available in India. How unfortunate!   Recommendation : BUY NOW
B00004TR2G|5.0|If you've never had the opportunity to listen to the Jaws score without the movie, you won't be able to fully appreciate the greatness of what John Williams has accomplished.  As a musician, disc jockey, and lover of music  with thousands of CD's in my personal collection, I never fail to  appreciate the music of Jaws every time I listen to it.  It is the greatest  soundtrack ever written by a single composer (even surpassing any of John's  other scores) for three reasons.  First, this is the only instrumental  score that can stand completely on its own, without needing a movie for the  visual aspect.  Other soundtracks typically have popular hits (e.g.,  Grease, Saturday Night Fever), a couple of memorable pieces which could  stand alone without a movie (e.g., Star Wars' \\"Imperial March\\"; Ben-Hur's  \\"Parade of the Charioteers\\"), or if the movie is a musical, songs that are  memorable because of the movie (e.g., My Fair Lady's \\"The Rain In Spain\\",  Annie's \\"Tomorrow\\").  But the rest of the musical pieces in a soundtrack  require visuals to make it enjoyable, unlike Jaws.  Second, the music plays  an extremely important part in the movie (Spielberg stated it \\"was clearly  responsible for half the success of the film\\").  Other than movie musicals,  no other soundtrack has played as important a role in a movie.  Third, the  music is fantastic and creative, which is the best part.  For example, when  the Jaws theme is played throughout the movie, it is played with many  variations instead of the same notes every time.  There are some pieces  that are similar to those written by the masters of old, including two  fugues.  And, if you've seen the movie, you can easily remember what part  of the movie certain selections of the music go with (e.g., the attack on  the little boy in the ocean, the touching scene of Chief Brody alone with  his son at the dinner table, etc).  And each piece is pleasurable to listen  to, including the intense ones. If you haven't purchased thisCD, I highly  recommend buying it.  Not only is it great if you enjoyed the movie but  it's great just for the music alone.  Originally, when the movie first came  out, I bought the soundtrack for my girlfriend as a joke, thinking the  music might be scary.  But when I listened to it, I was surprised at how  beautiful and exciting it was.  I didn't realize how great it was, as it  was such an integral part of the movie, I hadn't noticed any of it except  for the theme during the movie.  Anyway, I enjoyed it so much I bought  another copy for myself. If you purchased the original CD, I still  recommend you buy the new CD and keep the original one.  The new CD has  additional music and a better sound, along with a booklet with pictures and  comments.  But not all of the music on the original CD is on the new CD and  there have been some alterations made.  For example, \\"Main Title\\" and  \\"Chrissie's Death\\", which had a combined length of 3:56 on the original CD,  has been combined and slightly altered into \\"Main Title and First Victim\\",  which as a length of 3:30, and \\"Promenade\\", which had a length of 2:46 on  the original CD, has been renamed and shortened into Montage on the new CD,  which has a length of 1:31.  The musical editing of the new CD has also  made the entire CD flow better overall from song to song.  So, in  conclusion, I say, \\"BUY THE CD!\\"
B00000K19E|5.0|Here are my top ten reasons why this movie is so unbelievably perfect:<br />1. The movie makes you believe that the human race today could  actually exist as a matrix.<br />2. The fight scenes are magnificently  impressive that they make you quiver.<br />3. The actors all fit their parts  perfectly.<br />4. Superior cast: Keanu Reeves whom is also in  The Devil's  Advocate and Speed as(Neo,Mr. Anderson), Lawrence Fishburne whom was in  Event Horizon and Boys N the Hood as(Morpheus).<br />5. The storyline is  perfect.  Neo, a man who lives in a dreamworld, is pulled out of his  original setting to see the truth.  Morpheus, the leader of the rebels,  guides Neo.  He has an ultimate belief that Neo  is the one that can save  the rest of the human race.<br />6. The picture's directing is extremely well  done.<br />7. The quality of the picture, the special effects, and the good  acting brings realness to the viewer.<br />8. Believeable as if it were  non-fiction.<br />9. Stunts never seen before in american movies.<br />10. Humans  prevail upon their own creations.<br />It's sooooooooo inspiring that two  sequels are spawning from it, and each one still has Keanu Reeves(great  actor)!
6303168507|5.0|Brilliant film, harrowing tale, shocking to the senses and invigorating to ones sense of the value of life, this is the story of one mans experience of working during the holocaust. Sudetenlander,Oskar Schindler goes to  Poland hot on the heels of the German Army with the ambition to make more  money than his father. He cultivates the powers that be, the army, SS,  nazis bureaucrats, charming them with gifts and parties. He sets up a  factory making enamel ware for the German army. Meanwhile the jews of  Krakow are put into the ghetto there and stripped of their human rights.  Forced to work for the nazis regime, life goes on for people as normally as  it can. People do business, fall in love, struggle on, hoping for better.  Along comes Amon Goeth, SS major and cold hearted murderer, in a show  stealing performance by Ralph Fiennes, with the plan to liquidate the jews  of Krakow. In one night Goeth sets out to make six centuries of the history  of jews in Krakow just a rumour. Schindler feels protective towards his  workers and seeks to aid them wherever he can and survive the evil nazis  system. He eventually decides to save as many as he can in a remarkable  application of market forces. Schindlers vitality in life and love swells  through this film as he consorts with the nazis regieme. Liam Neeson is  delivers a career best performance as Schindler. <br />The film, evoking the  deep and long history of the jewish people and sensuality of life, is a  startling and disturbing narration which ends with liberation. A remarkable  film of great strength, of horror set beside the fecundity of life. The  striking imagery of Schindler and his beautiful female companion lying  naked in bed while some of the worst evil in the history of mankind goes on  around them in the city of Krakow will resonate long after the film ends.
6305903182|4.0|Okay. I like the scream movies. I didn't particularly like Scream 2. But the only thing I would have to say is that even though blondes are minorities in horror flicks. Do All of them have to die in Scream? I mean  like Hello? Other then that I thought everything was good. It wasn't too  scary and if i got out of control they made up for it by some comedy.  Enjoy!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Slim Shady has done it again with an album filled of songs that help Eminem speak his mind.  Although some people find his lyrics offensive, I find them to be relaxing, since someone is finally saying what we've all  been thinking, but been too afraid to say.I love this album and listen to  it almost non-stop!   Anyone that has had a rough day should definatly buy  this and put it on!  It it makes you fell 100% better!
0671004107|5.0|I saw the film Contact based on this novel and was totally blown away, so I went out and bought the book, and I'm very glad I did.  <br /> Unlike other novel to film conversions, the film remains largely faithful to the novel.   But, if you've already seen the film, not to worry as reading the novel is  not merely repeating what was in the film - there's enough unique (and  slightly more technicaly involved) material in the novel, along with a  slightly different plot, to make reading the novel quite worth it.   <br />  Unfortunately, I think the film was slightly dumbed down to be better  suited to the movie-going audience - this book is smart, intelligent and  thought provoking.  And of course the film leaves out a lot of details.   For instance, Sagan devotes quite a bit of the beginning of the novel to  Elle's childhood - while the film spends some time here, Sagan goes into  far more detail in the book, talks at length about Elle's mother etc.  In  fact, Elle's character in the novel is even better developed than in the  film, which is impressive because the film really does an excellent job  focusing on Elle and her beliefs. <br /> Lastly, without giving anything away,  I think reading the novel is worth it just for the ending, which is a bit  different than the book and explores a really cool idea relating to the  fundamental nature of the universe (or at least our perception of the  universe) which I found to be really intruiging.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is a rapping genius! This album is better than the first and the first was one of the best albums ever! It has deep songs like &quot;Stan&quot; and purely disturbing songs like &quot;Kim&quot; and  &quot;Kill You.&quot; I absolutely love this album and i listen to it all  the time. So if you don't have it go and buy it!
0792846710|4.0|I cringe when I see people refer to Killer Klowns from Outer Space as a &quot;good bad movie.&quot; It's a good good movie, as much as Airplane was a good good movie and it's almost as ingenious as that classic genre spoof.  Besides the inherent dark comedy of clowns (I mean come on. Does anyone  really think clowns are funny?), these clowns inflict their mayhem as only  clowns could do, resorting to a fun house or even a big top of murderous,  blood-letting shtick. Some reviewers have dismissed Killer Klowns as a  cheapie sci-fi/horror parody with bad acting. The actors may not be Ian  McKellen, but this movie is very knowing, very clever, very smart and very  good.
B00003CWPL|5.0|The most purely deranged film ever made, meaning it's probably the best film ever made. I don't own a DVD player, but I'd buy one specifically for this movie. God, I haven't seen it in years and I miss it so. Watching the  baby is repulsive and addictive. The chicken scene made me laugh in a  different way. It changed the sound of my laugh. I need to see the chicken  scene so that I can feel young again.
B00004THAY|5.0|I if you love B.B. King this CD is for you.  I love the song \\"Help the Poor\\" it is a hidden jewel. The over all CD is extraordinary it is in a class by it self.  If you love the blues and like to dance this CD delivers -- One of B.B. King's best recording!
B0000009SI|5.0|Apostrophe is a musical masterpeice in every sense of the word. yeah yeah I don't know the history of it or anything but frank zappa is the best artist the world has ever seen. The lyrics are fine just tying in to the  odd times it was played and the hendrix/Zepplin inspired guitar is awsome.  When I was a little boy I would yell &quot;turn off that pots and pans  music&quot; but now I yell &quot;give me more oh great Zappa, give me  more&quot;.
B000005RT8|1.0|This is by far the worst album by Paul McCartney and one of the worst by any major artist! What has often been defended as &quot;raw&quot; comes across as more like half-baked. No other artist than an ex-Beatle could get  away with releasing such Junk (and I'm not talking about the halfway-decent  ballad from the first McCartney solo disk!) Almost all of the tunes are  irritating and amateurish in both their composition and execution. Paul  explained that he made these tracks for a tape to play in his car - maybe  he should have left it at that. Perhaps we should give him some credit, as  he has managed to sound both dissonant and bubblegummish at the same time!  The only saving grace at all is the acoustic &quot;One Of These Days&quot;,  which compared to time-tested McCartney ballads is an OK throwaway, but  next to these attrocities sounds like a near-masterpiece!
B0000009TT|5.0|Lather will blow your mind. The first track, Regyptian strut is a wah, wah march, the various array of odd percussion, keyboards and guitars are Zappas essence in his finest. Alot of the songs have the most full lyrics  with songs about the beach, the devil and ofcourse nocturnal gregarious  wild swines. Yes Greggary Pecary is what I'm talking about the longest most  entertaining musical monologue in history. Describing the life of a strange  pig, evil hunchmen and the world's greatest living &quot;philostepher&quot;  with stunning musical accompliment Greggary Peccary is guarenteed to  give  you laughs and enjoyment galore. The other musical peices such as Revenge  of the Knick Knack people and Filthy habbits are fun and dangerous. Mr.  Zappa. you are god!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Simply put, this album rocks. This album solidifies Creed as a new powerhouse in the rock world after only two albums. After a few listens I realized that this was better than their first album, and I can not get  enough of it.  I look forward to hearing more from this awesome group.  There are no weak songs on the disc, but if I did have to pick my favorites  I would say.....1. Are You Ready 2. What If 4. Say  I6. Faceless Man  8  With Arms Wide Open 9. Higher.......GO BUY THIS AND CRANK IT LOUD  DUDE!
B000002OTL|4.0|I know some people didn't like the dialogue before some of the songs, but that gave it the coolness of the movie. The sweet dialogue and the awesome music. The whole soundtrack just grooves along, there's only one song that  is really annoying and sticks out, the red dress song or whatever it's  called. Very good and this is one of those CD's you always carry with you,  because you never know when there might be a party going on. YEAH!
B000002J09|5.0|IF you like rock music than you have to own this music. No change that if you have any ability to hear buy this now. This is an incredible piece of music, and if you do not have it or have yet to experience it I am jealous,  because I wish I could go back and here this for the first time. This album  does not have a bad tune on it. Sure some of the songs on it are played to  death on the radio, but that is because the songs are timeless. Try playing  the Battle of Evermore on your guitar and you can appreciate Jimmy Page's  mastering of the instrument. Simply put this album is one fo the best  peices of music ever put on record, disc, tape, etc.......BUY IT NOW
B000002JS6|5.0|One of my favorite CD's, and definitely a strong candidate for the one CD I would take with me if I had to live on a desert island. I can't tell you the specifically good tracks or the specifically bad tracks (well, there  are no bad tracks) because, in my opinion, every single one is worth  listening to. I suppose if you twisted my arm and forced me to tell you  what my favorite tracks are, I would have to say &quot;Hells Bells,&quot;  &quot;Back In Black,&quot; and &quot;Rock &amp; Roll Ain't Noise  Pollution.&quot; A definite must-have for any fan of hard rock! For anyone  just getting into rock music and wanting to know which albums to listen to,  DEFINITELY pick this one up. Pay any price they want, just buy it, it will  be worth it. In Angus We Trust!
B000021XR5|5.0|If you have not picked up this awesome CD yet, &quot;WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR&quot;.....GO GET IT NOW........this is the best album of 1999 and is a great comeback for a band once thought to have been ended......thank  goodness that they live on and are going to be with us for a long  time.......there is not a bad song in the lot and is by far their best  effort since 'CORE'.......the best of the best tunes on the album are: 1.  Down 2. Heaven &amp; Hot Rods 5. Sour Gir 6. No Way Out 7. Sex &amp;  Violence 11. Atlanta
0790736942|5.0|The Exorcist is one of the most shocking films to date.Clearly we can see the horror that director William Friedkin unleashes as he tells us what happens when a 12 year old girl(Linda Blair)becomes by the devil.Ellen  Burstyn and Linda Blair were both nominated for academy awards as well as  Jason Miller.The film offers the viewer a choice to accept what we see in  horror films and it is clear that this film is just as shocking as the  novel by William Peter Blatty.William Peter Blatty won an oscar for Adapted  Screenplay.The Exorcist is clearly in my book the most shocking.
B00004LN16|4.0|I was glad to listen to this album and find that AC/ DC has returned to there true form of the early '80's. No, this is not as good as 'Back in Black' or 'For those..', but it comes pretty close. After losing a little  faith in them with 'Ballbreaker' I am glad to say that AC/DC live  on! ...the best tunes on the album are :1. Stiff Upper Lip 5. Safe In New  York City 8. Satellite Blues 9. Damned.........GO BUY IT NOW!
1570429596|5.0|I bought the tape series, and I am so glad that I did. I wish I could have been raised with this insight.  I am applying the principals NOW to my finances. Worth the listen many times over!
B000006TRV|5.0|...This is the best if not best, rock albums of all time. I own thousandsof albums and this is simply the best written and performed of them all, and Pinkfloyd is not even my favorite band. This album has it all. There is not one single bad song in the lot, sure some are better than others, but as an entire package this is AWESOME. I could get into things about each track,  but the unique thing about it is each person who listens will experience  the music differently, so without further explanation........GO GET IT NOW!
630575067X|1.0|I've just watched TPM again, and felt compelled to re-write my original review of it.<br />You see, when I saw &quot;Star Wars&quot; in 1977 as a kid,  I was hooked. I bought the soundtrack, posters, action figures, and models.  When &quot;Empire&quot; was released, I was a teen, but was still  enthralled by the characters and universe that Lucas had created. With  &quot;Jedi&quot;, I felt that the tale had begun to really take on it's  epic mantle, even though I was now beginning to get a bit more mature in my  criticism of the plot holes, poor dialogue and one-dimensional characters.  With the release of &quot;Phantom Menace&quot;, I can no longer even watch  the original &quot;Star Wars&quot; on video. And that is sad.<br />There have  always been irritants in the &quot;Star Wars&quot; series as annoying as a  gnat at a picnic: &quot;cute&quot; Jawas who capture R2 and C-3P0, comical  and &quot;cute&quot; robots, the hatefully demonically smurfoid  &quot;cute&quot; Ewoks, questionable acting, poor writing, and (except for  Billy-Dee's turn as Landau) a lily-white view of humanity in the future.  Any of these is bad enough, but the irritants and annoyances of the first  three movies have come to a head with PM.<br />First off is Jar-Jar (or Uncle  Jar, or Steppin Jar-Jar, or Tom-Tom). This poorly designed rastafarian  alien with the pseudo-patois accent and the barely hidden African American  phenotype is annoying at best, and downright offensive at worst. And for  anyone who is nave or blind enough to not see the obvious sambo  characterization let me enlighten you: dark skin, raggedy clothing, big  lips, a watermelon-eating grin, pale color on the palms of the hands and  soles of the feet, immediate subservience to the obvious masters, comic  relief and childlike behavior, and a shuffling gait. It does not matter if  the parallel was intentional or not, IT IS THERE. And when the final battle  is over what happens? The entire Jar-Jar species begins to savagelychant,  beat on drums, and dance like some &quot;mau-mau&quot; tribe in a bad  parody of a 1930's anthropological film strip about the &quot;dark  continent&quot; while the humans (who coincidentally happen to be white)  look on in paternalistic indulgence. You can almost hear the strains of  &quot;Mississippi Mud&quot; in the background. And that is sad.<br />Next,  comes the full-frontal assault on Asian culture. The traders who open the  film are little more than a throwback to old Hollywood portrayals of the  Chinese. The syrupy speech patterns with the drawn-out syllables, the  satiny gowns and headdresses, the expressionless &quot;inscrutable&quot;  faces, and the effeminate manner.  These are all characteristic of the  propaganda and stereotyping of Asians that has long been disseminated, and  which is as offensive as portraying African Americans as shiftless buffoons  (aka Jar-Jar) or Latinos as theiving bandits who &quot;don't need no  steenkeeng badyez&quot;.  Yet here it is, right in our faces! Not only  that, but after actual Asians are mocked in this way, Lucas goes on to  appropriate Japanese and Chinese culture, art, and philosophy, while  conveniently omitting actual Asians. You don't believe the Asian influence  is there?  Compare the costumes for Qui-Gon, Obi-Wan and Darth Maul with  the attire seen in samurai films. Speaking of Maul, isn't it odd how his  face remarkably resembles a Kabuki-actor in devil make-up?  And what about  the names Qui-Gon &amp; Obi-Wan? If you are still not convinced, just check  out the Queen Amidala outfit again. Finally, all you need is a brief  introduction to the philosophy of Shinto, Buddhism and Zen to see exactly  where Lucas stole the idea of the force from.   Now, old George has gone on  record as naming Akira Kurosawa as a major influence, but the overabundance  of Asian costumes, names and accents are beginning to border on a  psychopathic obsession.  Integrating elements of other cultures can be a  very effective tool, but using such ham-handed and &quot;orientalized&quot;  Asiana in what is an ALIEN world can be seen as a dangerous and ethnically  tainted parallelism. Not only that, but to have so much overt Asian  influence without including any Asian actors begins to just feel funny --  especially since it IS a portrayal of an ALIEN world. This unintentionally  results in the only subtlety of the movie: That while we (read: white  people) may appreciate the culture of Asia, the total absence of any Asian  humans from the landscape suggests that they are fundamentally alien to us.  And that is sad.<br />As if all that wasn't enough, the writing in this movie  is, if possible, even more offensive than all the crude racial  characterizations. Overly clichd dialogue infests the flick like a  bacterial infection, and the blatant &quot;borrowing&quot; from other  successful films is not only laughable, but indicative of a weak story.  Lucas should have just named this The BEN-HUR Menace and have been up front  about the whole thing! Not only that, but the whole Anakin/Jesus parallel  is ridiculous and delivered with the subtlety of a 10 pound sledgehammer to  the back of the head. <br />The only positive aspects of this movie were the  masterful special effects and the final battle between Darth Maul and  Qui-Gon. Unfortunately, these two elements were buried under an avalanche  of horrid writing, insipid acting, and ethnic caricatures bordering on  racist, leaving a movie only slightly better than &quot;Show Girls&quot;.  The worst part is that so many people will refuse to acknowledge the  obvious shortcomings because of their blind allegiance to &quot;Star  Wars&quot;, and that there will be yet another movie coming soon. And that  is sad.
0375707972|2.0|The story never went beyond the surface.   It is a quick read but nothing more.    There are no moral lessons to learn from this book.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Believe the hype.  This CD is incredible.  Moby meshes to extremes in music and the outcome is just so damn cool.  He samples old basic work/gospel songs from Alan Lomax's field recordings and incorporates them  into this new whole electronica thing.  This album is genius.  He takes the  most basic form of music and puts it with the most complicated.  The idea  seems so simple but has never been thought of before.
B000002KCC|5.0|This album embodies the sorrow and despair many of us felt during that period. To pen such a tribute to a dead freind (Bruce Berry) like Tonights the Night and then sing it for all to share in your pain. How can anyone  not appreciate the open wound that is exposed. Baby melow my Mind; Borrowed  Tune; extole the meaning of despair. &quot;make me feel like a school  boy&quot; .<br />&quot;I think I'll roll another number for the road&quot;.  The fact that he would continue down the road of life in the same manner he  had traveled thus far.<br />One of the best albums of this era and my opinion  of Neils career.<br />Crazy Horse lays down a soulful sometimes folksy  accompaniment as always and pulls the album close in tight.<br />Get it if you  do not have it.
B00001QGPS|5.0|in my opinion, this is the best thing Red &amp; Meth have ever done.  It's incredibly witty and so lyrically talented.  This and NIN - The Fragile never came out of my CD changer for about 6 months...a must have!
6304578482|3.0|Romy and Michelle's Highschool Reunion is hilarious. My sister and I love watching it (and we have about 35 times). Mira, Lisa, Janeane, and Camryn all do GREAT jobs as the crazy characters from Sagebrush High in Tucson.   Every line is... funny! I can't think of any other word to describe it  other than Hilarious! Watch it. You'll  be fallling off your seat with  laughter. :) :) :) :) :) :)
6305657939|5.0|This fabulous remake of the 1968 classic is definitely on the list of my 5 favorite movies of all time. This movie has the ingredients to make a film successful... action and sex. But this movie has more, it is classy,  intelligent and unpredictable. Pierce Brosnan is an ultra-rich business man  who just happens to also be an art thief, for pure fun. When a  multi-million dollar piece of artwork disapears from the Metropoliton  museum of art, Catherine (the beautiful Rene Russo) is called in to  investigate. She works for an insurance company and will collect a  percentage of the value for finding the thief. They both do such an  outstanding job in this film. Pierce gets away from his role of  &quot;Bond&quot; and does well. The on-screen romance and the way they  physically compliment each other is an excellent example of perfect  casting. The movie is non-stop excitment that will challenge you to use  your brain, but is sure to entertain you. Dennis Leary does a great job as  a regular city detective thrown onto this case involving amounts of money  that is unfathomable to him. The finale of this movie is one that you will  not soon forget, it was creative, original, and well planned. I have seen  this movie three times in the theatre and I bought it as soon as it came  out on video. This movie appeals to anyone, it has action but not in a  blood and guts kind of way that turns off many viewers. Even Faye Dunaway,  who starred in the original, makes an appearance. I would also recommend  the movie Entrapment. You won't be upset with this purchase. I can't say  enough about it. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Very rarely do I rate something 5  stars, but this deserves it.
B00004TL21|5.0|i got this the otherday and it is one of my favorite cds! good guitar riffs, drum beats and bass lines make this cd into one hell of a good one!
B00004TDRD|5.0|Now this is a DVD to own!<br />Jaws is one of those movies I still think about all the time.  Anytime I go into the water, whether its a pool, the shower, the bathtub, and of course the beach.  This movie still frightens  me.  I still think this is the scariest movie of all time.<br />The DVD is  great.  The Deleted scenes, the outakes, and of course the making of  documentary.  It is really cool to see how they made this film.<br />And the  film itself, it looks so good on DVD.  Bottom line: This is the scariest  movie of all time and the DVD package is worthy of the film.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I am sick of hearing how creed is a pearl jam ripoff and they are an unoriginal grunge band. Scott Stapp's voice might sound like Vedder's, but how is that copying? It is just the way his voice sounds. Creed has more  thoughtful lyrics and music than pearl jam because you can relate to the  songs. Also, creed is not grunge. There music reminds me more of the hard  rock of the 80's than anything else. This is a great album, the best song  is prabably &quot;Inside Us All&quot; which is not a radio single so you  dont get sick of it like &quot;Higher.&quot; Also take a look at their  first album &quot;My own prrison&quot;. It is just as good, if not better,  than human clay.
6302293553|5.0|If you're like me, and like raunchy comedy, see this classic movie!  There are just so many elements that make this movie fabulously funny.  Take Sir Robins song for example, &quot;..He bravely ran away, away.  Brave, brave  Sir Robin, bravely chickened out...&quot;  Or what about the dismemberment  of the black night in the beginning?  &quot;It's just a flesh wound! &quot;  Meanwhile both of his arms have been removed (his legs follow soon after.)  There hasn't been a movie since this one that captures so many ridiculously  funny scenes in one film.  Sir Lancelot's charge to rescue the King's son  cannot be redone!  As he has just massacred the entire wedding party trying  to &quot;save&quot; the prince, Sir Lancelot climbs down the stairs, with  the King, apologizing to all those he has just slain.  This film is  oriented toward British humor, but what makes it so good is that it also  incorporates American potty humor as well!<br />A must see!
0780620445|1.0|I have mixed feelings about this film. On one hand, it has a good storyline, good acting...... but it is far from a reflection of reality.  David Helfgott never actually triumphs or &quot;shines&quot;. His public  performances, classical recordings of Rachmaninov with RCA Victor are  absolutely pathetic. The real man can't play the piano anymore and it is  sad to see how a man who doesn't even know what is going on has been put on  the stage and dressed up like a clown, manipulated by his wife Gillian  (read the biography &quot;love you to bits and pieces&quot;) and commercial  endeavours. It's all marketing stuff when you start to explore what  Helfgott is really like. And it just shows how ignorant the public is when  they think that David Helfgott is the best pianist alive...... there are  more pianists out there who live less extraordinary lives and they just  lack the opportunity to make the &quot;giant leap&quot;. And &quot;Rach  3&quot;... Rachmaninov's third piano concerto, is indeed technically  extremely difficult, but millions of pianists have to embark on it at some  point in their musical education anyway.<br />I can only suggest, therefore,  is that one should watch this film as if it is not based on a true story...  it's all fictional, then you'll focus on the film itself and enjoy it fully  rather than worrying about the real Helfgott. And try to get hold of some  excellent recordings of Rachmaninov's 3rd piano concerto by Vladimir  Ashkenazy, Byron Janis, Martha Argerich....... and not to presuaded by all  the advertising and marketing rubbish to buy any Helfgott merchandise. I am  not blaming David the poor chap, but just expressing my disgust about how  commercial interest can attempt to twist reality.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I watched this movie on the fourth of July. It ended up being a great choice for Independence Day. I am 24 years old and relate to many of the social problems related in this film. Being that capitalism drives this  country it is obivious that we as a people have to consume large quanities  of products to run our economy. Everywhere you look and I mean everywhere;  there is an advertisement telling you of your need to buy. billboards,  television comercials, magazines, matchbooks, and whatever else.  Consumerism can be a soul taking action once people begin to equate what  they own with who they are. Television is a big culprit in this. Be like  Mike drink Gatorade(gatorade is a trademark of blah..blah..blah) drive this  car it says you're successful. As many of my generation I grew up with the  wonderful electronic babysitter. It was always on in my house think of it  as a communal fireplace. I had no real direction in life other than I felt  the need to be entertained. Fight club also takles the fact that men have  been feminized over the years. Men in are current climate are seen mostly  as sperm donors rather than people. Their masculine agressive instincts are  seen as a negative. So take an T.V overdosed male, place him in an eight by  eight cubicle after college in a stressful job. How does that person cope.  Fight club faces these issues by showing extremes. It offers no outcomes  only the problems. Which I feel is a flaw of the film. To those who dislike  the movie I say this. Should we really turn a blind eye to the ugliness  that sometimes surfaces in life? I feel we should think about them to try  to solutions on an individual level. Which is what I feel this movie was  about. Raising an issue to provoke thought. Also Fight Club does not  promote anarchy.
B00004THAY|5.0|I bought this CD and I am glad that I did. Eric Clapton gets to play with one of his idols and the chemistry is great. Some people might argue that this disc is more of BB than Eric, but the title is Riding With The King  and if this is the case, maybe Eric did it as a tribute to his idol. I cant  think of any weak songs on this disc, it is filled with great ones such as  the title track and the cover of Key to the Highway. I think that anyone  that buys this disc will not be disappointed just as I am not
B00004TH83|5.0|WELL I GOT THIS CD AS A GIFT FROM SOMEONE, I KNOW I WOULD NOT HAVE BOUGHT IT EVEN THOUGH I HAVE THE AWESOME SINGLE OF IT.   WELL ONCE I PUT IT IN THE CD PLAYER ONE THING CAME TO MIND, IS THIS HER ALBUM OR A CELINE DION ALBUM.   THEY ARE TWINS, NOT ONLY THAT BUT NONE OF THE SOMGS ARE LIKE I WILL LOVE  AGAIN, MOST OF THEM ARE REALLY SOFT BALLADS WITH A CROONING VOICE LEADING  INTO LONG HOLDING NOTES AND STRONG VOCALS,.  I AM SURPRIED A SLOW SONG IS  NOT THE FIRST SINGLE TO DRAW AN AUDIENCE SINCE THAT SLOW SONGS ARE HER  PITCH.  WELL UNLESS THEY DO MORE MARKETING HER ALBUM WILL GO DOWN AND IT  SHOULDNT.  SHE SHOULD AND COULD HAVE THE POWER TO BE THE NEXT SUPERSTAR.
B00004TDTO|5.0|This is still a stand up and cheer film. Just released on DVD with DD5.1 and DTS with a beautiful 2.35 anamorphic picture! I saw this on its opening day in June '75 and it never looked or sounded better. The walls  shake....and so do you. Anybody for a swim?  Don't wait-treats like this do  not come often.
0131103628|5.0|I've first bought this book when I started my academic studies, after 5 years of work with Fortran 77 & three years of work with Pascal.<br /><br />This small book (270 pages, including the index) served me well through my degree, and I still keep the dog-eared, yellowing, aged book with me at work.<br /><br />The book focuses on the language itself - this is no hands-on book (no explanations on how to use this compiler or that debugger, though it is a little biased toward Unix) - in a clear, concise, and thorough way covering all of the language and it's standard libraries.<br /><br />I especially liked the excercises (the solutions come in a seperate volume) and the C source code examples of how some of the library routines are (or may be) implemented.<br /><br />With this book I had no problem understanding the more difficult subjects (e.g. many people have problems with pointers, and this book makes the subject easy to understand) and avoiding pitfalls.<br /><br />I've read it in a week, and keeping it in hand's reach smoothly started programming in C.<br /><br />The only drawback I see in this book is it's price, it's a small book which sells *very* well, and I'd expect it's price to be lower. This book is *not* for people who study C as their first programming language (those would be better served with a pair of books - a first course in programming and compiler guide).
B01CZK37C0|5.0|Has all the extras AND MORE from the 2-disc DVD, plus improved picture quality AND the extended version. This is the ultimate edition.<br /><br />WELCOME TO EARF
B00003CWTI|5.0|i wish i could give more than five stars
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie is fantastic. If you haven't seen it, let the other reviews convince you.<br />The DVD is spectacular. It's packed full of extras including extensive behind-the-scenes footage. The video transfer and the  sound are impeccably done. And the packaging is great!
B00003Q43A|3.0|This Special Edition of ID4 will not play on a Toshiba 3108 that has not had a firmware upgrade. You will see a message stating, &quot;Please Check Disc.&quot;
0449227545|3.0|This book never worked for me. It is not that it was poorly written or there were not well drawn characters, I just did not like anyone in this book. I found myself wishing they would all go away.
B000002AHM|5.0|I too was at this concert. Although some may say that this performance sacrifices heart for blinding speed, I strongly disagree. Every time I listen to this recording, I relive the show. It was an event of a lifetime,  and I feel that the recording effectively captures both the technical  virtuosity of the artists &amp; their passion. It also is imbued with the  audience's awe! Perhaps the exemplar track is the free-wheeling jam between  John McLaughlin &amp; Paco deLucia in 'Short Tales from the Black Forest',  where they ramble from straight flamenco to hard core R&amp;B with a detour  through the Pink Panther. Inspired! The live version of 'Mediterranean  Sundance' is also a gem. Although not as stunning as the live show, this  recording captures the heart &amp; soul of the performance.
0515127485|5.0|This book is great because it makes you think about his subject. Harris poses the question: Who is the greatest villian of the twentieth century and provides a convincing answer. Like Enigma and Fatherland, these are not  ideas easily dismissed.
0486266885|5.0|This book is, without a doubt, Stevenson's best ever work. All his other books pale in comparison. This is the classic tale of suspense and horror, and we are kept hooked until the end. Since this is a rather short book, it  can be easily read in one sitting. Got a rainy day, or even an hour to  waste sometime? Well, this book is the perfect thing to read. Stevenson  sure packs a lot of story and suspense into these few short pages! Highly  reccommended.
B000002L80|5.0|My main music interest is heavy metal and I'm an 18 year old. I first got this album when I was 10 and fell in love with it. I still listen to it from beginning to end. &quot;Road To Nowhere&quot; is one of the best songs  I've ever heard. From any band! The Talking Heads' unique style of music  really shines through. Each track makes you appreciate music to the  fullest. Get this!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Perhaps one of the most heart-felt CDs ever made,Affirmation can appeal to all audiences. The #1 single &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot; is one of the best ballads of this year. &quot;Crash and Burn&quot; is great too and I'm  surprised that it didn't even make the top ten on the billboard charts. If  you are into meaningful and heart-filled pop,this is for you.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I am writing this on the off chance that it might be read by the band.  To them I want to send out a sincere and heartfelt THANK YOU.
0393317552|5.0|This is a work of power and genius.  The writing is dazzling, the thinking incisive, well, perhaps a tad less incisive the closer it gets to the modern world.  Diamond notwithstanding, culture does matter.  The more  complex civilization has become, the more culture seems to matter.  Also  forms of government, of course.  Bad or authoritarian government can drive  a prosperous nation into backwardness (look at how Hungary, once an  industrial powerhouse, sank once it was locked behind the Iron Curtain) and  certainly it is difficult to turn to any explanation other than culture for  explaining, say, the different trajectories of varying ethnic groups after  emigration to the United States.  Fortunately, we are not without books on  this subject that are as good as what Diamond gives us on the neolithic  revolution and its consequences.  Interested readers might take up CULTURE  MATTERS a collection of scholarly studies of the influence of cultrual  attitudes on economic development.  Or BULLOUGH'S POND, a brilliantly  written book that looks at the history of a region where culture does,  indeed, seem to have mattered intensely.   Or THE GREAT DIVERGENCE, in  which Kenneth Pomeranz set out to prove that the great leap into sustained  growth might have been made by China as easily as by Europe, and succeeded  only in convincing me that the cultural differneces between China and the  West may not have meant that the West was 'superior' in any absolute sense,  but did militate toward an industrial revolution happening in England, not  the Yangzi Delta.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Carlos Santana has evolved in the last 30 years to be a consumate musician and performer.<br />In &quot;Supernatural&quot;, his distinctive guitar sound is heard in an energetic mix of tracks with some of todays brightest stars.  No, this is not just Santana. As well it shouldn't be.<br />Santana has the  verve to share his talent. He is respected and plays with musicians from  hip hop to rock. When a man of music is acclaimed by such a wide breadth of  musical genre.....we all are rewarded. &quot;Maria, Maria&quot; is the 1st  song my teenage sons &amp; I have ever enjoyed together! And that in itself  is what music should be about, bringing people together.<br />Santana is a  master &amp; &quot;Supernatural&quot; is masterfully done.<br />Thanks--CDS
B00004THAY|2.0|I have been a follower of Clapton for years but this is the first album that I did not take to immediately - in fact I still have not taken to it after a number of playings.  I will be dropping this disc off at the local  charity shop, and will not even burn one of the tracks onto my own CD  compilation before it goes ...
B000003NA3|3.0|This is the most overrated set in Coltrane's whole career.  There are some moments of greatness but certainly not enough to justify four discs worth of material.  Coltrane was in a transitional phase between his sheets of  sound phase and his early sixties modal phase and he often sounds during  this set as if he is practising on the bandstand.  Running scales up and  down seemingly endlessly with little regard for melody or thematic  development. I am a big Coltrane fan so I know that he is capable of much  better.  Rather than getting this set get the single disc which contains a  great version of Spiritual and explore some of his late music.  I recommend  Live at the Vanguard Again and Interstellar Space.  Both albums are  marvelous and worth a lot more attention than they get.
B00000K19E|5.0|This was probably the best movie of 1999.  It's whole look and feel was so amazing.  By combining Hong Kong style martial arts action and a Hollywood budget, the Wachowski brothers delivered an awesome movie.  I've always  thought that Hong Kong movies needed that Hollywood touch and that a lot of  Hollywood action movies needed that Hong Kong style, well, it's happened  with the Matrix.  I'm not bothered by Keanu like a lot of people, I thought  he was great as Neo and seeing him and Fishburne actually do martial arts  was just awesome.  I thought they were going to substitute other people for  those scenes but it was actually those actors.  I feel sorry for the people  who didn't like this film, for those of us who did, man, we were treated to  an awesome movie that made us go &quot;Daaaaaam, did you see that! &quot;.   And with Jet Li set to join up for the sequels, things are looking up.  So  all you who didn't like matrix, just get lost and don't bother us  fans.
B00004TR2G|5.0|In the tradition of other John Williams scores reissued with unreleased tracks this is just fantastic. I see myself in a theater in 1975 again listening to the incredible suspense from the music, particularly the shark  tracks. Now if only the Towering Inferno would get a full release.
0312857063|4.0|Yes, Goodkind could indeed spare us some of the graphic details, but at least he isn't as bad as Steven King. But this book still scores high points on plot, setting and characterization. The reader has no trouble  caring about Richard, Kahlan or their friends and is quickly drawn into  what they are involved in. Goodkind has great skill with his  characterizations! The little girl's point of view is wonderfully done!  Don't stop reading this series yet! It is good and the plots are very very  good! Read it!
B000002U82|5.0|Every song on the album is a masterpiece, from the spaciness of &quot;On The Run&quot; and &quot;Any Colour You Like&quot; to the kickin' solos by David Gilmour in &quot;Money&quot; and &quot;Time&quot;, and all the songs  in between. This Floyd at its ultimate best!
B000002UEB|5.0|Words cannot describe how much I have enjoyed listening to this ablum over the last 12 years. I still remember the first time I ever heard it. I was so blown away that I couldn't stop listening to it. Thankfully I had a two  day drive from Denver to San Diego to listen to it non stop. <br />This album  is as fresh today as the first day I heard it. I can't believe its been 12  years. I still get excited when I crank up the cd in my  car.
B0000062GE|5.0|Stabbing's musical artistry creeps into your heart with the stealth of a black cat, and in an instant the meaning behind their lyrics has become a part of your emotional chemistry. I've heard it said that SW is no more  than a Nine Inch Nails wannabe. If I were Trent, I might &quot;wanna  be&quot; the emerging talent that is this band. They are headed for their  day in the spotlight.   I'd HIGHLY suggest purchasing the &quot;Darkest  Days&quot; album and &quot;Wither, Blister, Burn and Peel&quot; at the same  time. &quot;You Complete Me&quot; and &quot;Inside You&quot; should be  listened to, and played in succession, over and over again...Top it off  with &quot;Everything I Touch&quot; and &quot;What Do I Have To Do?&quot;  and you WILL reach rock Nirvana, baby! You will also be touched, moved,  frightened and amazed...There isn't a bad track on either CD. It seems the  singer understands our pain, and is not afraid to take us on a trip through  the darker  recesses of human frailty and suffering. In this world of pop,  who would dare to create the hauntingly beautiful (and sad)  &quot;Sleep&quot;, a song about the horror of incest?    I've been looking  for a sound like this all my life.The saultry essence of a steamy New York  night lives in Christopher Hall's vocal cords.
B00004THAY|5.0|Riding With The King grabbed me in the first few bars and took me along for the entire wonderful, collaborative ride in celebration of the blues. Clapton and King.  Great individually.  Irresistable together!<br />Also try  the classic acoustic Delta and East Coast blues by John Jackson, an  internationally known national treasure treasure from Virginia.
0140277447|1.0|If I. Chang, the writer of this book, wrote &quot;the Rape of AMERICA,&quot; it would go like this...<br /> &quot;The Anglo-Saxon intruders slaughtered THREE HUNDRED MILLION of Native Americans and PEELED their  HEAD-SKIN as the Anglo-Saxons used to commit in England and....&quot;<br />  What if a Chinese juornalist--not even a historian--who can't understand  even English wrote a book like that? Would Americans keep silent?  What  Iris Chang committed is almost like the above. First, she is not an  eligible scholar to write on such a controversial theme. Second, she can't  understand neither Japanese nor English which skill is essential to  research the huge amount of historical resources written in Japanese or  Chinese.  Without any expertness nor knowledge of Japanese-Chinese history  she accomplished her work. We could easily imagine how the reult would be.  300,000 were killed?-No way. The Japanese ate Chinese?-It's Chinese custom  to eat person.<br />  Those people who are inteligent enough to notice her  errors from fabrication and imagination wouldn't be able to believe her  description. I hope no more people of the world will humiliate themselves  talikng about the Nanking insident based on her book.
B000002AV5|5.0|You know when you see someone and you get that gritty gut feeling, that you know they are gong to be a star? I vividly remember just that as I was being enchanted with a then unknown Sade on Saturday Night Live many years  ago.<br />On &quot;The Best of Sade&quot;, this exotic Diva delivers her very  best to her fans. I have had to buy several of them over the years, and I  always keep one in the bedroom stereo rack. <br />Just click it on repeat and  let the smooth sensual Sade rock your evening with tracks like, &quot;This  Is No Ordinary Love&quot;, &quot;Your Love Is King&quot;, and &quot;Smooth  Operator&quot;.<br />No better ride and slide than with Sade.<br />Thanks--CDS
B000002UZ4|5.0|The &quot;Discography&quot; was my first-ever consciously-liked record. At 11 years of age, when I first heard it, I didn't have a clue what was going on in those songs, but I know I liked it.<br />I'm not the most knowledgeable  person in music, yet I can tell what I like. The PSB of this particular  compilation represent the 1980s, but their sound is original enough to span  decades. This is to say that they sound nothing like your typical Eighties  band.<br />The songs on this disc are good, probably the best-known work by  the PSB, but one should also consider their ensuing work -- they haven't  stopped producing to this day!<br />&quot;West End Girls&quot; is on  &quot;Discography&quot;, but my favourites were &quot;Jealousy&quot; and  their cover of U2's &quot;Where The Streets Have No Name&quot;.<br />If you're  a club music fan or have penchant for any sort of electronica, it's a  must-have.
B00003Q43A|5.0|Well, the DVD plays just fine on my RCA DVD/DIVX player...maybe the DVD just doesn't work with Toshiba players, but it does on the rest.
B000002BSG|5.0|There isn't much to say: Jamiroquai is unique in his style and the uniqueness is strangely appealing.<br />&quot;Virtual Insanity&quot; and &quot;Cosmic Girl&quot; are the best known tracks on this CD, but there is  a lot more to the album. I liked the instrumental pieces towards the end of  it which, although without the peculiar vocals of J.K., provided for great  ambient-type sound.
0446310786|5.0|&quot;To Kill A Mockingbird&quot; is about growing up in a lazy town in South.  The story focuses upon two young children and last throughout a few year period.  The main character is a stubborn little tom girl named Scout  who is very adventurous and completely innocent at heart.  Her father is a  lawyer who is a great person morally and will always stand up for what's  right.  One day, a case comes into town about a black raping a white girl,  and the father, Atticus, is assigned to the trial.  The whole town is  shaken up by this case since the old talk of the town was a confined  neighbor by the name of Boo.  The racism issue comes into play during the  trial.  The part that shows how wrong the racism is, is that a little girl,  free of any past experiences or any hatred, is amongh the few that realize  the extreme wrongness that is taking place.  This book can be taken on at  the least two levels.  The higher level is much more extreme in the overall  moral being displayed.  This is one of my favorite books because of the  amazing way that such a deep feeling and concept of &quot;wrongness&quot;  is brought to a reader through words.  Without a doubt, this is recomended  to anyone who can read.
014028009X|3.0|I enjoyed reading this book very much, but I found Bridget to be beyond neurotic.  We all have our neuroses, but she was over the top.  At times I just found her to be annoying and I wanted to slap her for matching up to  all the negative stereotypes about women.  But if you love Ally McBeal,  you'll probably love this book, too.
6305807086|5.0|I typically avoid the film product delivered to us pablum style by Hollywood. It's typically mindless and dull. Being John Malkovich renewed my faith in the capacity for creative thought still lurking out there. What  a fantastic concept...getting inside the mind of Malkovich. And John Cusack  is at the top of his form as well. If you're the least bit cerebral, you'll  enjoy this film.
014028009X|3.0|I liked the book for entertainment value, but I don't get the hype.  While we all have our neurosis, Bridget was over the top.  I wanted to reach into the book at times to strangle her for fitting into all the negative  stereotypes about women.  But if you think Ally McBeal is one of the best  shows on tv, you'll probably like this book, too.
B00004TDTO|5.0|The trailer says that it's as if god created the devil and gave it JAWS.This classic film that in 1975 swept us all into Jawsmania it was this  film that defined the way creature features are  made this is a bible for  any filmakers that want to make a film the has a creature in it but it  was  the fact that JAWS was not just a movie in the mid 70's it was a phonomonon  ,Speilberg didn't think at first he could do it as it required  technically  to do things in movies that never have been attempted so much trouble in  one  movie was even scarier on the set then the  movie itself the shark  never worked right  sets sank and the movie was almost scrapped , but  Speilberg's genious never made him quit his decision not to show the giant  well known  creature of it's name sake until almost an 1 and  10 minutes  into the film and Quints violent but somewhat fitting death gave everyone a  heart attack in theatres in the 70's , Jaws was clearly  something that had  never been done before , you see the eveidence that there is somethin  inhuman doing these attacks but when the Jaws finally  showed his giant  mouth in the scene when brody  is thowing fish in the water it was to  become  one of the most awsome scenes in this movie and  when Jaws opend it  opend to incredible box office participation the first movie ever to break  100 millon at the box office and went on to become the most praised and one  of the most succesful summer films ever it gearned sequels ripoffs and  created in it's time movies such as ALIEN and finally Star  Wars bested  it.But this movie will always be one of Steven Speilbergs best of the  masterpeices a  classic fun , scary as hell , intelligent blockbuster that  will never die in annels of film history and with this dvd you get a look  into the history and saga of Jaws and it worth every penny and no way else  you should see this movie except on dvd , Peter Benchly's bestselling novel  is immortalized on film and now on dvd it will be for all timeso for those  of you who want to enjoy a great summer in the water the shark is back and  he's better then ever.
B00003CX95|3.0|Braveheart is quite possibly the most overrated movie of all time, or at least one of the most (right up there with Star Wars, Titanic, Saving  Private Ryan...).  However...the dramatic and powerful ending almost makes  sitting through those three hours worth my time.  <br />The main fault I find  in this movie is the plot.  Don't get me wrong, it was a great idea, but it  was not executed that well.  First of all, it doesn't carry and flow well  at all.  Random events would just be ocurring in the movie.  Another thing  I didn't like was how Wallace's (Gibson) motives change...he is initially  avenging his wife's death, but we find him later sleeping with Isabella.   This simply doesn't make sense.  In the end he is pretty much fighting for  his freedom.  This also used the Star Wars cliche: the outgunned, good-guy  rebels fight and miraculously defeat the powerful, sinister bad guys.  The  plot in the movie was pretty much a ruining of a great idea that could've  been better.  <br />Another thing I didn't like about this film is its  depiction of the English.  They may have well been murdering savages...but  it is pretty much allowed to stereotype and degrade this group of people.   It wouldn't be politically correct to make fun of the Scottish kilt (not  that I think that it's silly) or the drunk Irish stereotype.  The  homosexual man was inserted into the movie to simply make the English look  more feminine, and less &quot;macho&quot; than the Scottish heroes.   Speaking of the homosexual man...I have been wondering why he is supposed  to be gay...yet it was the Scottish army mooning the English on the  battlefield.  Also, this absurd scene would have been offensive to me if I  was a Scot.  It seems like the movie tried to make fun of the English...and  accidentally made fun of the Scots in some scenes.  <br />Finally, the movie  (like this review!) was way too long.  It just dragged on and on and  on...<br />With all this Braveheart-bashing, you may be wondering why I gave  this review three stars insead of none:<br />The ending of this movie, unlike  the rest of the movie, was very powerful and emotional.  I was stuck to my  seat during that last moment...I was moved by Gibson's 10 seconds or so of  great acting.  In my opinion, the last part alone is worth the sale price  of the movie.  When I buy this movie I'll skip to the very end and watch  those 30 seconds again and again.  (the ending gave two stars to the  movie)<br />The third star comes fron James Horner's beautiful musical score.   It really got me into listening to it.  It was exceptionally powerful  during the ending.  <br />Overall this movie was not up to the hype.  It is  very overrated...but I recommend buying the movie just to be able to  witness the ending.  The movie as a whole was just complete garbage.   Basically, if you are the easily impressionable type and already think this  movie is the greatest of all time...go out and get it.  If you believe my  review...follow my advice and buy it for the ending.
0140430350|5.0|Vanity Fair is an extraordinary intelligent, beautiful and touching masterpiece. Thackery's point of view is incredible modern, cynical and - in certain chapters- even bizarre. I've enjoyed it word by word and I  recommend it to every reader that truly loves 19th. Century literature.  Although its greatness, I recognize that it's not an easy-reading novel.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|What can I write about TBOLA in this review that hasn't already been said by America's rock music critics: ranked the best album of the year by Time Magazine (TIME MAGAZINE! ) and by Rolling Stone Magazine; picked as the 2nd  best album of the year by USA Today and Spin Magazine. Based on my perusal  of internet music review sites over the last 6 months, there is no doubt  that TBOLA has to be the best reviewed and highest rated CD released in the  past 5 years. It deserves all the praise it has received.     Although not  quite in the class of Rage's debut (which I consider to be one of the best  albums of the modern rock era), it comes very close. The production and  overall sound quality of TBOLA doesn't match that of the first one. I blame  this on producer Brendan O'Brien, who also produced the somewhat  disappointing EVIL EMPIRE, and has a tendency to produce releases that  sound muddy and dull. But again, this view is colored by the fact that  Rage's debut is one of the best produced albums of the past ten years. The  fact is that TBOLA coalesces around the astounding musicianship of Morello,  Commerford and Wilk and the unparalleled lyrical vision and passion of  DeLaRocha.     On TBOLA, Zach has written some of the most poetic and deep  words ever recorded and he spits them out with the fervor and zeal of a  preacher in the throes of spiritual possession. The subtleness of his words  and the message behind them is astonishing, even if the issues he espouses  are not as relevant today as they once were. The lyrics of TBOLA (and  Rage's other two releases) would not seem inappropriate in the syllabus of  a political science or sociology class on any American college campus. Zach  has to be considered the poet laureate of rock music today and a lyricist  with skills to match those of Bob Dylan or Public Enemy at their best.      Tom Morello now ranks as the new guitar god of this era and has to be put  in the class of Hendrix, Beck (Jeff), and Van Halen in terms of innovation  and technical skill. Even though the sound effects Morello creates on TBOLA  are incredible, I still wish he would play a few more traditional blues  scale leads (Rage's debut has some unbelievable riffs that are as good as  any recorded recently). Regardless, no young guitarist currently active  surpasses him in overall ability and achievement.     Rage's rhythm section  of Tim Commerford and Brad Wilk really shine on TBOLA and demonstrate why  they rank as the best of today. In fact they are so good, C&amp;W can be  compared favorably with some of the greatest of alltime (Jones/Bonham,  Butler/Ward, Entwhistle/Moon, etc.). Tim's bass leads are quite complex and  interesting throughout the album (the opening of &quot;Calm Like A Bomb  reminded of of the jazz fusion playing of Stanley Clarke or Jaco  Pastorius); the pounding beat of Brad brought back memories of Bonzo at his  best. But those critics who claim that Tim and Brad finally came into their  own on TBOLA are way off. They were just as good on RATM and EVIL EMPIRE.      From the opening fade-in of &quot;Testify&quot; to the echoes of feedback  at the end of &quot;War Within A Breath&quot;'s ending, TBOLA is one wild  ride. The astouding variety of the tracks is unmatched and there is not one  uninteresting song on the entire album. Rage proves on TBOLA why they are  the true kings of the rap-metal genre they created and why it's such a  shame that pretenders like Limp Bizkit, Korn and Kid Rock are so much more  popular and sell so many more albums. If more people were exposed to TBOLA,  there's no doubt that it would have reached quintuple platinum status by  now.      There are too many great songs on this CD to list them all so  here are some of the highlights: &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot; is a pulsing  jam that really should have gotten more air play as a single; &quot;Calm  Like A Bomb&quot; is as unique a song as Rage has ever produced and has the  line that Rage-a-holics have been quoting for months (&quot;..and the riot  be the rhyme of the unheard..&quot;). It also shows that Rage have not  forgetten their hip-hop roots. &quot;Born of A Broken Man&quot; ranks as  one Rage's most exhilarating recordings with a chorus that blows you away  every time; &quot;Ashes in the Fall&quot; is a true masterpiece-its opening  Morello guitar riff is as haunting and memorable as anything and its  progression from beginning to head-banging end has to be heard to be  believed.     TBOLA is so far above the other releases of 1999, it not fair  to compare them. It is so good that it will be a heavy influence on my  opinion of every new release I will hear for the next 12 months. This album  is an absolute must-buy and any purchaser will no doubt rank it as one of  the best CDs in their collections. I would love to hear your responses to  my review.
B000003TAL|4.0|Not the best, but still great.  Sonic Youth did, as most proclaim, change drasticly on this album. &quot;Evol&quot; augmented their avant-garde style with spacious drones and dark lyricism, while &quot;Sister&quot; was more  concise and punkish, with an undenyable charm, but &quot;Daydream  Nation&quot; finds Sonic Youth sounding like, well, a regular arty grunge  band.  Of course, this is before the unifying grunge precident was set, it  still sounds less inspired than the previous album.  Actually, most of  their chordwork sounds very seventies rock inspired, the same thing that  hurt their idol Television's second album.  &quot;Teen Age Riot&quot; is  quite a treat, starting the album off well with a statement of purpose of  sorts, but Thurston's subsequent compositions lack.  &quot;Total  Trash&quot; sounds formulaic and low energy, and &quot;Candle&quot; is  better, but not up to the level of &quot;White Cross&quot; or  Schizophrenia&quot; on &quot;Sister&quot;.  However, Lee Ranaldo shines on  this album, contributing &quot;Eric's Trip&quot; and one of Sonic Youth's  finest songs &quot;Hey Joni&quot;.  Kim Gordon contributes a workman-like  (or work-person... sorry Kim... It'll never happen again) performance, with  strong songs, probably better than some of her tracks on  &quot;Sister&quot;.  The only exception is her metal-styled power-chord  stomper &quot;Eliminator Jr.&quot; with odd, and downright stupid lyrics.  Overall, this album is strong, but not as wild as &quot;Sister&quot; or as  hard hitting as &quot;Dirty&quot; would be later, dispite aspirations in  both directions.  This, however, still contributes to an excellent album  that is recommended for a first Sonic Youth purchase, or... anytime, or...  even twice.
6305807086|1.0|One day people will wake up and see this film for what it is:<br />a badly plotted, badly made, useless attempt at surrealism.<br />See Mark Lowdon's review - he knows what he's talking about.
B000002KIE|4.0|&quot;Never Mind the Bollocks, Here's the Sex Pistols&quot; has the kind of non-stop, punishing energy that few albums can boast.  The album pushes forth with dynamic Who-style power-chords, understated pentationic leads,  melodic bass and pounding drums.  Lead singer Johnny Rotten once proclamed  &quot;This is the real deal.  There are no ballads here.&quot;, and his  words ring so very true.  The album's love song (&quot;No Feeling&quot;) is  dedicated to &quot;myself, my beautiful self&quot;.  With this kind of  attitude, would you expect any less?  What is important is the statement,  the politics, and the outrage are what make the album tick.  Whether the  anger be directed towards a former record label &quot;EMI&quot;, the  monarcy &quot;God Save the Queen&quot;, or another band &quot;New  York&quot;.  The politics are important, but essentially in the background.  &quot;Anarchy in the U.K.&quot; is less a statement about actual anarchy  as a system of government, but more to incite controversy, as  &quot;anarchist&quot; had the connotation in England that  &quot;communist&quot; had in the States during the height of  'McCarthyism&quot;.  Politics are better emphasized on &quot;Holidays in  the Sun&quot;, which contains the lyrics &quot;I was waiting for the  Communist call.  All I want is sunshine, and I got WWIII&quot;.  These are  not the words of an &quot;anarchist&quot; or even an  &quot;antichrist&quot;.  Besides, Rotten's statement on his post-Pistols  band Public Image Ltd. seems to echo the fact that he is, or at least was a  socialist.  On PiL's &quot;This is not a Love Song&quot; he says &quot;I'm  crossing over... Big buisness is very wise, I'm crossing over into  enterprise&quot;, clearly denoting the switch from left-wing socialism to  capitalism.  This album is, regardless of the conflicting idiological  suggestions, very entertaining and strong throughout, with one exception.  I cannot stand listening to &quot;Bodies&quot; and can only assume it was  written without Glen Matlock's tact and with Sid Vicious's innocent  stupidity and thuggish mentality, representing Rotten's love of shock seen  throughout.  This song, however, single handedly keeps this album from a  'five'.  My reasoning stems from political reasons, and this often doesn't  affect the enjoyment of the album.  In short, it is a classic, a loud,  crass, crazy classic.it was  written without Glen Matlock's tact and with Sid Vicious's innocent  stupidity and thuggish mentality, representing Rotten's love of shock seen  throughout.  This song, however, single handedly keeps this album from a  'five'.  My reasoning stems from political reasons, and this often doesn't  affect the enjoyment of the album.  In short, it is a classic, a loud,  crass, crazy classic.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I haven't been a hardcore follower of Iron Maiden until now that is. This album is really extraordinary. When you consider that the band have been on the go since the 70's, it is hard to believe that they still have something  formidable to give to their by now, massive following.  Bruce Dickinson's  vocals are really great. His performance in 'The Nomad' is in my opinion  the best. The grit and rasp of his voice surfacing in places like some kind  of novelty that's not to be heard too often.  I recommend this album to all  80's and 90's metal followers. This album is truly a benchmark for bands to  come and will hopefully provide an influence and basis to revive the  brilliant NWOBHM.
1572522232|4.0|Horror demigod Dario Argento goes all out for his loyal audiences in this feverish, hallucinatory downward spiral into the supernatural.<br />The plot is quite simple.  Suzy goes to a German ballet academy.  She finds out it  is run by wiches.  Anyone who snoops around or offends them are brutally  murdered.  It is up to Suzy to stop them.  To tell you the truth, Suzy  isn't really a good heroine, she takes a quite passive role in the whole  movie.  Her friend could have very well been the main character.  <br />Well  enough of the plot, because we all know that our beloved Argento does not  specialize in plotting.  The one element that separates this movie from all  the others is the pure amount of visully imagery.  Its almost like a modern  day Alice in Wonderland.  Argento inundates the audience with eerie,  monochoromatic lighting schemes which consist of red, green, and yellow  light.  Futhermore, the movie is rife with unsettling and mysterious set  pieces...such as the lobby with colored glass and the taxi cab.  With such  unnerving imagery, the viewer never feels a sense of calm and there is  alway a quiet apprehension.  You'll never experience anything like Suspiria  outside of Argento's work.<br />GOBLIN, the soundtrack band, is at their  absolute best here.  The sound track (and effects) is so intense, you can  almost feel the knife being stabbed into your heart or feel the  supernatural forces surround you from all sides.  Very jarring and  frightening.<br />Although this film has a low body count, the murders are  very brutal and disturbing...combined with the relentless score.  I  guarantee you will never forget the first murders!  But, once again  Suspiria is visual rollercoaster more than anything else.  <br />I did not  give Suspiria five stars for two reasons.  One:  The ending is not at all  what it is cracked up to be.  Seriously, Im not going give it away for you,  but im telling you now it is quite disappointing.  Two:  this film lacks a  strong protagonistic presence.  Suzy finally snaps into action only in the  last third of the film.  In the beginning she is either lying in bed or  moping around while her friend uncovers the secret of the witches.  Other  than that, this film is superb.<br />Just for the stunning visuals and  ruthless soundtrack i would STRONLY RECOMMEND Suspiria.  Be ready for the  ride!
B00003Q43A|4.0|I am not going to review the film here.  There are problems with it plot wise, etc. but it is still a very good sci-fi film.  However, the DVD goodie package is awesome!  Two different audio commentaries (although  Roland Emmerich's &quot;Kinda like's&quot; make me wish I could turn him  off), cool documentaries/making of's and both the theatrical and special  edition make this one of the better DVD packages around.  (If only Blade  Runner would follow this example!)
B00004TL21|5.0|Once in a while i find that a good album comes around and all the tracks sound good and it never is a drag to listen to...When i first got the album and listened to it..i defiantly was blown away. No doubt i giving this 5  stars...I never stop listening to this album...Its a definate masterpiece!
B000024D4R|5.0|Roger Waters and [[ASIN:B000ELJBAK David Gilmour]] composed \\"Animals\\" at a time in England when the face of rock music was drastically changing, 1977. Punk bands were forming everywhere, and they all hated Pink  Floyd's brand of drawn-out, ethereal music -- stuff they felt was pompous. Thus, given the times, \\"Animals\\" turns out to be an impressively guitar-driven album, musical compositions that, despite it all, are also drawn-out and ethereal as only Pink Floyd can be. The middle of this great album courageously contains three lengthy songs, much too long- winded for radio, thus spoiling the album's commercial viability.  Also, \\"Animals\\" strangely opens and closes with two short and melodically pleasing acoustic songs about love gone bad; \\"Pigs on the Wing,\\" parts 1 and 2, somehow work well with the overall vibe of the album. Call it a settling of the nerves.<br /><br />In many instances, \\"Animals\\" is fairly stripped-down, with Gilmour's soothing voice completely missing, and Richard Wright contributing absolutely nothing, thus nixing past creative keyboard elements. The possessive Waters writes all lyrics, and the concept of \\"Animals\\" is entirely his. In his harshest manner, Waters rips apart late-1970s society through the use of three types of animals: dogs, the  materialistic and glib \\"yuppies\\" of a decade later, concerned only with wealth, good times, power and their own well-being; \\"Pigs\\" are no less flattering, high-positioned and self-righteous, they preach and dispense their high-minded, moralist views from atop the world's ranks; \\"Sheep\\" are the aimless and docile masses who get used and abused by the more powerful Dogs and Pigs in society. It's pretty acrimonious stuff, and downbeat lyrics like \\"all alone and dying of cancer\\" don't do much to lighten the mood. Weary of the corrupt and crumbling society surrounding him, Waters went on a musical rampage. Political foes, economic hardships and sleazy low-lifes all get their medicine from the non-apologetic Waters, within the confines of these thematically devised tunes.<br /><br />Though he writes good, astute, observational lyrics, Waters is a bit of a \\"dog\\" himself, and he often comes across as self-imposing and self-righteous as the album moves on. Ultimately, \\"Animals\\" is great because of the actual MUSIC. Enter Gilmour, thankfully rescuing this one-man monopoly on creativity. Gilmour remains his usual melodic self, pushing forth the fairly paltry compositions with his brand of tunefulness and soaring guitars.<br /><br />On \\"Dogs,\\" an interesting moment occurs after Waters cheerily wails, \\"Have a good drown/Dragged down by the stone.\\" The word \\"stone\\" is then repeated countless times through a haze of electronic muffling as dogs bark chillingly in the background and a synth sizzles quietly.  Music like this is not heard everyday, and Pink Floyd should be commended for seriously reviving their music and changing with the times a bit back in 1977. The band's more quaint and drug-induced days of singing about lazy nature scenes or fairy-tale scenarios where one merely observes (see [[ASIN:B000002UA0 The Piper at the Gates of Dawn]]) were long over by \\"Animals.\\" It became socio-political music with a harder edge, all run by Waters and Gilmour. There's a sense of purpose and direction from Waters on \\"Animals\\" that is eerily one-dimensional,  but it's a prelude to an even better concept album to come. Though it's  not Waters' creative apex (that would be [[ASIN:B000006TRV The Wall (Deluxe Packaging Digitally Remastered)]], \\"Animals\\" is astoundingly excellent, profound music, and the continuation of the civil war within this band.rs, within the confines of these thematically devised tunes.      Though he writes good, astute, observational lyrics, Waters is a bit of a \\"dog\\" himself, and he often comes across as self-imposing and self-righteous as the album moves on. Ultimately, \\"Animals\\" is great because of the actual MUSIC. Enter Gilmour, thankfully rescuing this one-man monopoly on creativity. Gilmour remains his usual melodic self, pushing forth the fairly paltry compositions with his brand of tunefulness and soaring guitars.       On \\"Dogs,\\" an interesting moment occurs after Waters cheerily wails, \\"Have a good drown/Dragged down by the stone.\\" The word \\"stone\\" is then repeated countless times through a haze of electronic muffling as dogs bark chillingly in the background and a synth sizzles quietly.  Music like this is not heard everyday, and Pink Floyd should be commended for seriously reviving their music and changing with the times a bit back in 1977. The band's more quaint and drug-induced days of singing about lazy nature scenes or fairy-tale scenarios where one merely observes (see [[ASIN:B000002UA0 The Piper at the Gates of Dawn]]) were long over by \\"Animals.\\" It became socio-political music with a harder edge, all run by Waters and Gilmour. There's a sense of purpose and direction from Waters on \\"Animals\\" that is eerily one-dimensional,  but it's a prelude to an even better concept album to come. Though it's  not Waters' creative apex (that would be [[ASIN:B000006TRV The Wall (Deluxe Packaging Digitally Remastered)]], \\"Animals\\" is astoundingly excellent, profound music, and the continuation of the civil war within this band.
6305718903|3.0|it was good but it was a little disappointing though. it start out a little slow but pickes up about 20 miniutes into it. the acting is average.although the priest should have been played by well definitly not  gabriel byrne good actor just miscast mainly because its hard to picture  him as a priest after seeing end of days in which he was satan so i wouldnt  recommend buying this but renting it once and a while isnt a bad idea
B00004TDTO|5.0|The best of all horror / fantasy films.  The DVD / DTS version is terrific.  The outtakes &amp; deleted scenes are a must-see. The DTS sound makes the movie a fitting tribute to Spielberg's inspired direction.  See  It Before You Go Back In The Water....
6304432453|4.0|i saw the movie recently.I wasnt expecting anything all that great in the movie but from the get go i was hooked.angela basset does a great job with her role. same for Ralph fines (excuse the spelling). the only real problem  with the movie was it was a little to graphic for my tastes but it is  easily over looked.
B0000024K1|5.0|Rap wouldn't be quite the same after this album.  And who saw it coming, so different was it from their first album, Yo! Bum Rush the Show? (Retrospectively, however, one can of course feel the tremors in the first  album that anticipate the eruptions of the second.)  As established as It  Takes a Nation of Millions is now, when it first came out it was so  innovative that I actually had trouble listening to it, having so  thoroughly been conditioned by Run-DMC and the like.  Those interesting  beats and sounds just didn't seem to quite match up with Chuck D.'s driving  raps.  But after about five listens or so, I began to adjust and quickly  recognized PE for what they were: avant garde and talented.  Add to the  musical experimentation their famous political edge (the lamentable  anti-semitic views of hanger-on &quot;Professor Griff&quot;  notwithstanding) and clever, rousing lyrics and they were clearly  unparalleled (Not even the early and much lauded KRS-One/BDP could match  up).  Despite the album's greatness--and make no mistake, it still  captivates and provides pleasure today--it does have occasional weaknesses,  most obviously the songs &quot;She Watch Channel Zero&quot; and &quot;Party  for Your Right to Fight,&quot; their noble but not entirely listenable  politicizing inversion of the Beastie Boys' juvenile party song.  But  nearly all else is lasting.  This one, along with its successor, Fear of a  Black Planet (where PE's collective talents reach their full maturity, and  itself an achievement they wouldn't, unfortunately, come close to again),  is a must.
B00001SIES|5.0|Sorry doubters- but these guys may have influence from Radiohead and Nirvana, but these guys have organically created there own sound.<br />Vocals sometimes remind me of Jeff Buckley, sometimes Freddy Mercury even, but at the end of the day Matt has an amazing and enthralling voice. I must have  played this cd 1000 times since December, and can't wait for the new  cd.<br />I had the pleasure of meeting these guys when they visited DC to play  the Metro Cafe in April and what smashing chaps they are!<br />As a fellow  musician and prodcuer- my vote is on Muse to move above and beyond those  that they are currentlt compared to- and I for one can't  wait!
B00000J0O2|4.0|Because my time is money, it is cheaper for me to shop online. I found this product at the Hewlett Packard retail site for $60. Office Max retails it for $48.97. Staples' web site was having technical problems and I  couldn't get on. Amazon is always available and competitive.
6300214826|3.0|Francis Ford Coppola's engaging Vietnam war story is considered to be one of the greatest films ever made. While I'm not sure about that,I am sure of the fact that I do enjoy watching this movie. This isn't just for Coppola  fans,or war movie fans,but is intended to entertain everybody! Wonderful  performances through out the cast(Martin Sheen is excellent in his role.  Also the supporting players like,Robert Duvall,and Marlon Brando)! The  highlights here are the truly outstanding cimatography by Vittorio  Storaro(A Bertolucci regular). Of course Coppola's directing. Brando's  &quot;horror&quot; soliloquy is up there with some of the grestest moments  ever filmed. I only wish there was more screen time for him,not that I'm  disappointed with Sheen leading the cast. This is a must for movie  lovers...make sure you buy this movie!
B000001Y79|4.0|I got this cd when I was in the 5th grade. &lt;im going into 10th now&gt; and I still love listening to it. Gwen's voice is so unique and so pretty I could kill her for it. But, anyways, My favourite songs are *just a girl*, *happy now*, *differnet people* *the climb* *sixteen* , *sunday morning,  and *tragic kingdom* every song is listenable (if thats a word) though, so  the cd is well worth it.  Do yourself a favor and buy it.
B000021XS0|4.0|This is a top of the line concept album. I thought all the songs were great, but I got a feeling that they went too far with some of their instrumental sections. Now I like heavy music (Iron Maiden, Rush,  Queensryche, etc.), but even for me, their &quot;jams&quot; distracted me  from the songs and storylines. This is why it gets 4 stars instead of 5. I  still enjoy this work emmensely, but I find myself using my forward button  on my CD player remote during the instrumental jams. My opinion is that the  story flows much better when you do this.
078324228X|1.0|People here have commented that the movie would have been better if the villain and other supporting characters were better developed.  The most likely reason for this flaw is that most of them are entirely made up. I  won't wear myself out trying to convince anyone, but if you do some   objective research, you'll find that the Hurricane blatantly distorts facts  and ommits crucial information. The movie for example, conveniently ignores  the fact that one of the victims survived for a month and described the  shooter to a police sketch artist. Instead, it opts to leave her dead at  the shooting. This movie was sold as being a true story, but would have  been no less accurate if it were claimed to be based on the life of Bjorn  Bjorg. Is a movie praiseworthy simply because it succeeds in manipulating  our emotions? The filmmakers set out to make a &quot;feel-good&quot; movie  and felt they had the artistic license to spice up an already fictitious  story with mumbo jumbo, racist sheriffs, child molestors, racial intrigue  and  -still- claim it is based on a true story.
B000002HPT|5.0|I really like this album because the songs are coherent, along with showing off some of the best musicians out there. I have always felt that Dream Theater's work was Top Notch musically, but they had a tendency to  lose track of the song when they went on thier &quot;jams&quot;.<br />This  album is milder with the jams, which will turn some off, but is much better  when it comes to song structure.
078324228X|1.0|People here have commented that the movie would have been better if the villain and other supporting characters were better developed.  The most likely reason for this flaw is that most of them are entirely made up. I  won't wear myself out trying to convince anyone, but if you do some   objective research, you'll find that the Hurricane blatantly distorts facts  and ommits crucial information. The movie for example, conveniently ignores  the fact that one of the victims survived for a month and described the  shooter to a police sketch artist. Instead, it opts to leave her dead at  the shooting. This movie was sold as being a true story, but would have  been no less accurate if it were claimed to be based on the life of Bjorn  Bjorg. Is a movie praiseworthy simply because it succeeds in manipulating  our emotions? The filmmakers set out to make a &quot;feel-good&quot; movie  and felt they had the artistic license to spice up an already fictitious  story with mumbo jumbo, racist sheriffs, child molestors, racial intrigue  and  -still- claim it is based on a true story.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I am an old time Maiden Fan. I did not care for the Blaze Baily Iron Maiden. With Bruce and the whole gang back, this album reminds me of &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot;. Well, its about time!  They sound great with  3 guitars. I was expecting them to clash, but they sound great  together.<br />I was very skeptical about buying this album because of the  late 90's Maiden albums. I wasn't going to buy until I heard Wicker Man on  the radio. It blew me away because it sounded like Maiden from 15 years  ago.<br />Old time Maiden fans should pick this one up. You will find yourself  revisiting your old Maiden CDs for a while because you will get hooked  again.
B000003BEV|5.0|I get the feeling that the Stones created the first Beatles parody with this LP.  I know, a lot of people knock &quot;Satanic Majesties&quot; as being a Sgt. Pepper's clone.  I don't believe Mick and the boys intended  this LP to be a Sgt. Pepper's knock off.  Instead, I think the Stones were  among the first to understand that incense, strange garments, and  off-the-wall lyrics were simply not rock-n-roll.  <br />The LP, in general,  mirror's Sgt Peppers.  The first track, &quot;Sing This All Together&quot;  leads right into &quot;Citadel.&quot;  Pretty much like &quot;Sergeant  Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; leads into &quot;With a Little Help  From My Friends&quot; on the Beatles LP.  However, the similarities between  these two songs end here.  While the Beatles were taking us on a fantasy  trip to &quot;Pepperland.&quot;  The Stones were as hard hitting as ever.   Some of the lyrics to &quot;Citadel&quot; are rather gutsy for 1960's  music.  &quot;In Another Land,&quot; a Bill Wyman composition, sounds  faintly similar to &quot;Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds.&quot;  <br />My  favorite tracks:  &quot;2000 Man,&quot; &quot;She's a Rainbow,&quot; and  &quot;2000 Light Years From Home&quot; have solid instrumentation and  rather interesting lyrics.  &quot;2000 Man&quot; addresses alienation and  how people are more comfortable with machines instead of each other.  If  you don't think this is true today, just look at what is happening with  e-mail and electronic dating.  &quot;She's a Rainbow&quot; has always been  a favorite tune, and one that Mick and the boys often perform on tour (the  only track from &quot;Satanic Majesties&quot; that they do live).   &quot;2000 Light Years From Home&quot; is electronic pop / rock at its  best.  <br />True, you either love or hate this CD.  However, understanding  that this CD is Sgt. Pepper's mirror image, I tend to love it.  I am sure  that if you give this a serious listen, then you will too.
B0000029AP|5.0|Aerosmith's &quot;Toys in the Attic&quot;  is an excellent album with 9 great songs which made them famous. These all are great songs, but my personal favorite is &quot;You See Me Crying&quot;, because it is a great,  powerful ballad (I'm a big Aerosmith ballad fan), almost as good as Dream  On. Other great songs are: the title track, which is an energetic opener,  &quot;Walk This Way&quot;, a great song that came 10-15 years before rap  became poupular, &quot;Big 10-in. Record&quot;, a fast, short song, 'Sweet  Emotion, the song which made them famous, and &quot;No More No More&quot;,  a song with a great guitar solo at the end.<br />Overall, &quot;Toys&quot; may  not be as good as &quot;Pump&quot;, but it's still great.
0790743132|5.0|I really can't add anything new to what has been said about this film. But I can watch it over and over, something affects me like no other film.  Everytime I watch it I get another level of visual and moral meaning.  I  think its because the movie is about the giving of self to someother  greater good in the face of love, money and indifference.  Good versus Evil  in Black and White.
B000003TAW|5.0|A must buy, if you like this kind of music.  This cd is awesome, all ten songs are classics and it still kicks even after songs like buddy holly wear off.  The lyrics are on point and weezer celebrates several different  styles.  Songs about surfing, girls and nerds that are both funny and great  at the same time.  I think that they should get more radio play.
0792844882|4.0|Showgirls is bad. But why? Is the plot really bad? No. What's bad is Elizabeth Berkeley's acting. It's terrible. Absolutely awful. But I was able to overlook that and see that Showgirls is one of my favorite movies.  Everyone else's acting was fine. Especially Gina Gershon. I love love love  her! She was the best thing in Showgirls. Her bitchiness mixed with that  Texan accent was just genius. The dancing was fabulous, the costumes were  great. Sure there was lots of  T &amp; A, but what movie nowadays doesn't  have that? In my opinion, the script was pretty good. There are obviously  some things I would change but all in all it was good. I think the main  reason people are so eager to say awful things about this movie is because  it's easier for them to hate it rather than admit they actually like it. It  isn't the worst movie ever made. Simple as that. I will admit it is bad. It  is. If they'd gotten someone else to play Elizabeth Berkeley's part, it  probably would've been better. But I am happy with the way it is. There's a  lot more to Showgirls than people want to admit. It's a guilty pleasure.  It's one of those movies that cheers me up. It has great music and dancing.  The producers and directors, I'm sure, didn't expect Showgirls to be some  great movie of all time. And anyway, these days it's good to be bad. More  power to the people behind Showgirls.
0062502182|5.0|I don't know what else to say. I read this book when I was 17 upon the recommendation of a speaker named Patrick Combs who came over to the University -- and from the first few pages on I was hooked and I've read it  at least once a year since then.<br />I learned so much practical wisdom from  the book. Like the part where Santiago comes up with the idea to sell  &quot;tea in crystal glasses.&quot; Upon hearing such a simple idea, I'm  pretty sure, was when I started to see how value in everything is created  not just from hard work, but that it also comes with fresh ideas and  enthusiasm.<br />Or the part when The Englishman and Santiago were in the  desert talking about how things are often made more complicated than they  really are -- also thus creating a sort of artifical value. Hence, one of  my favorite lines from the book: &quot;So that that those that have the  responsibility for understanding can understand ... Imagine if everyone  went around transforming lead into gold. Gold would lose its value.&quot;<br />But I guess these were just an example of a few things that I got out of  it -- probably since I've always been passionate about business. But that's  what makes this book really neat -- each person can take away something  different.<br />And in the end, I haven't met a person, or have a heard a  friend that I've given the book too say that they weren't inspired to find  and prusue their dream afterwards. It's truly a treasured and special book.  (I wish they'd consider making it into a movie!)
B00004U45G|5.0|Well, I don't usually write many reviews, but I had to after listening to this CD.  This is by far one of the most incredible live albums I have ever heard.  I won't go as far as saying that it's better than Song Remains the  Same, but it's as close as anything could get.<br />I have been a Zeppelin fan  for as long as I have listened to music.  I've listened to hundreds of  concert bootlegs, own all the albums, and have followed the members just as  much after the band's demise as I did when they were together.  This is the  best thing Jimmy has touched since.  I won't compare it to No Quarter since  that was more of an acoustic album than this one.  Greek is a live, Hard  Rockin',  White Boy Blues concert as it was meant to be!<br />Page still has  some of his chops although he will never be as good as he was before his  post-Zeppelin hiatus.  He manages to hold his own quite well though as he  always does.  His Heartbreaker solo break was a mess, but it was Page, so  what ya gonna do?  His worst is still better than most folks best.<br />As far  the Crowes go, I have been keeping an eye on them since they first  surfaced.  If you ever had a doubt to who their influences were, this  should answer at least one of them.  It was like listening to Zeppelin all  over again.  The drummer wasn't quite Bonham, but as good as a mortal could  get.  The guitarists though were impressive.  Definetly Page nuts!  The  Crowes were almost too good as a band to play Zeppelin in that they are  just so tight.  Zeppelin always had such a loose feel when they performed.   It was obvious that the Crowes dedicated a great deal of time to this.   Probably learned and played most of the tracks in their garages when they  were learning to play so they should have them down.  They definetly had it  down!  I mean DOWN!<br />I'd like to add that there has always been a reason  why Page was dubbed &quot;the most overworked guitarist in rock&quot;.   Most pieces that Zeppelin had were comprisedof numerous guitar parts.   Playing it live and keeping to the original sound was always a chore for  Jimmy.  Now, just imagine 2 more (really good) guitarists to back him up.   Sick Again and Nobody's Fault But Mine never even came close to sounding  this good live.  I'd give anything to hear this group do Dazed and  Confused, but that would be too much for a guy to take.  I think I'd just  spontaneously combust.<br />If you are a fan of Blues/Rock then there is no  doubt that you must have this CD.  Definetly a classic in our time!  If  they come to your town, don't make the mistake of missing it.  This is the  closest any of us will ever get to Led Zeppelin again.
B00004BZ16|2.0|The Clash went around the bend on this one.  No one could ever accuse the band of standing still, but this is a case of experimentalism run amuck. The best tracks here, &quot;Magnificent Seven,&quot; &quot;Somebody Got  Murdered,&quot; and five or six others, stand with the rest of this fine  band's work.  Unfortunately, they felt they had to release EVERYTHING they  had at this time (it was a TRIPLE album on vinyl), so there is a lot of  downright boring stuff here.  I can never get all the way through either  disc - I have to program the best tracks on the CD player to avoid getting  really frustrated by this one.
B00004TL21|5.0|change is like the best song ever. rx queen, teenager, digital bath, knife prty, and elite rule. what a amazing cd by this band wowy.
B000002MY3|5.0|This was the very first cd of my collection, and it's still one of my favourites. Even after 4 years (I bought it in 1996). Alanis's unique vocals are filled with emotion, and her lyrics made a great impact on me,  esspecially the songs You Learn and Ironic.  Thanks for this beautifull  record Alanis!
0688062334|5.0|Diana Wynne Jones may well be the best-kept secret in children's and YA fantasy in this country, and that is a crying shame, especially in the light of the success of the Harry Potter boks, which are very similar to  DWJ's books, but not (to my taste) as good.<br />Here she starts out with what  almost seems a standard fairy-tale situation -- three beautiful (more or  less) sisters left in the care of their (not particularly wicked)  stepmother.  They live in a village in a land where everyone knows what  happens to each of three sisters who set out to seek their fortunes in the  world, and Sopihe, the eldest of the three, has no desire to experience  it.<br />So, as one sister is apprenticed to a tavern owner, and one to a  witch, Sophie stays behind in the family hat store and makes hats.  Her  hats soon become something of a rage, and all is doing well until the local  Wicked Witch drops by, says a few things that don't make any sense (at that  point) and casts a spell on Sophie.  One which makes her old and prevents  her from taling anyone who she is or what's happened to her.<br />And so  Sophie DOES set out to find her fortune (more or less), and winds up  knocking on the door of the Moving Castle of the title -- which belongs to  Howl the wizard.<br />&quot;Heartless&quot; Howl, who is said to charm young  ladies and then eat their hearts.<br />Who, of course, turns out to be both  everything and nothing that Sophie had expected.<br />And she meets Howl's  apprentice and his captive fire demon, with whom she makes a  bargain...<br />Ths is a book to read and read again and read some more, just  to savour the tasty bits.  You almost have to read it the second time --  which is not at all difficult to do -- because you have to go back and see  how the bits you thought meant one thing actually meant something  completely different.<br />Magic and love and adventure and betrayal and  rescues and slapstick comedy and truth and lies and Just Plain Fun...  All  between two covers, for the price of one book.<br />Too bad ALL of DWJ's books  aren't available in mass-market editions in this country...tween two covers, for the price of one book.<br />Too bad ALL of DWJ's books  aren't available in mass-market editions in this country...
B00003CWPR|4.0|Alice and Ben are married since 6 years and they also have 6 year old girl! Oneday when Alice was totally drunk she tells Ben that she spent a night with another men on there Holiday! Ben cant believe it! So he leaves  her alone and waks down the street! Ben is prepared to do everything this  night! And so he gets in big trubble! See it! Its good! 2 thumbs up!
630469654X|4.0|this was a little known movie, but well worth the watch. Matthew Broderick is excellent and so is Michele Pfiefer.
0425170349|4.0|This is my second Clancy book I have read, and yet again I find myself wanting to read more of him. Being the teenager that I am, this book taught me a lot of useless information, which is always good to know. I have not  yet fininshed the book ( I am on 720 give or take) but I find this book  very interesting and entertaining. These 50 page action scenes keep you  hooked on the book, and the plot all finally started to fit together around  page 500.  I want to read more clancy because of this book, but I cannot  for I must get to that stupid summer reading list...The Count of Monte  Cristo...ehhhhh
B0000024RZ|5.0|Before Dylan went electric in 1965 with the incredible Bringing it All Back home, Dylan was acoustic folk rock. The Times They Are A-Changin' is one of these albums. It is better than Another Side of Bob Dylan, but not  quite as good as Freewheelin'. It is an essential early Dylan album with  great songs such as The title track, With God On Our Side, and The Lonesome  Death of Hattie Carroll.
B00000IO4J|5.0|This is one movie that catches you from the start and keeps you engrossed to the story development till the end. There are a few pleasant surprises along the way which only serve to draw the viewer deeper to the movie.  <br />Much of why the movie works lies in its adherence to relevant ideas and  keeping them short and sweet. There is hardly little wasting of time  on  unnecessary grounds here.  There might have been a few cheesy scenes (e.g.  the opening scene) but on the whole, The Faculty comes across as an  engaging movie due to  its fast pace and uncomplicated storyline.<br />VERDICT  : Sci-fic or thriller viewers that do not mind its simple storyline will  like this movie for its fast pace.
B000002HHB|2.0|This CD is a huge disappointment for long-time Maniacs fans.  There are four excellent songs (San Andreas Fault, Wonder, Jealousy, and Carnival), and the rest just lays there.  Almost every song is plodding and pedantic.   Gone are any upbeat pop songs, in favor of slow, self-involved, downright  boring tunes.  Just when you think there couldn't possibly be another  down-tempo number, there it is.  If you're enamored with Natalie the pop  star, this is your CD, but if you are a fan of the musical/songwriting  abilities of 10000 Maniacs, they are not here.  She may not need that band  to be successful, but her music has definitely taken a turn for the worst  with this effort, which of course matters little as far as radio play, etc.  goes.    Natalie's singing is at it's best, clear, intimate, even moving at  times, but that is not enough to energize this sleeper.  Every single song  can't be a slow one!  I'll be listening to &quot;The Earth Pressed  Flat.&quot; and would encourage you to do the same.  It compares favorably  with classic Maniacs CDs, but Tigerlily does NOT, by any stretch of the  imagination.  Don't buy the hype!
B00004TR2G|5.0|John Williams' monumental music for Steven Spielberg's &quot;Jaws&quot; is generally considered to be one of the most influential film scores of all time, and for good reason.  It restored the place of the classical film  score in modern film making, garnered Williams' first Academy Award for  film scoring, and produced perhaps the single most recognizable musical  motif in the history of film to identify the the Great White shark.  The  Anniversary Collector's Edition is long overdue, but quite welcome.  It  adds twenty minutes of music long missing from the original soundtrack  recording, and a 24-bit digital mastering from the original soundtrack  tapes is frosting on a wonderful cake.  Decca's packaging is also worth  mentioning.  This is the way soundtrack albums should be presented (the  booklet with notes and interviews is first rate).  Numerous film score  composers have dealt with the theme of man and the sea, but few have really  made it work.  Bernard Herrmann's &quot;Beneath the Twelve Mile Reef,&quot;  Williams' &quot;Jaws,&quot; and James Horner's recent &quot;The Perfect  Storm&quot; are clearly the best.  The influence of Herrmann on a young  Johnny Williams is well known (listen to Williams use of the harp in  &quot;The Shark Approaches&quot; and compare it to the harps utilized by  Herrmann in &quot;Beneath the Twelve Mile Reef&quot;), but it is  interesting to note some similarities between the latter two scores.  Both  Williams and Horner include ominous music for the threats that emerge in  each story, the shark in &quot;Jaws&quot; and the storm in &quot;The  Perfect Storm.&quot;  But what makes both scores so effective are the  various themes that both composers employed to depict man sailing out to  sea (an element quite evident in Herrmann's soaring conclusion to  &quot;Beneath the Twelve Mile Reef&quot;), Horner's seagoing and fishing  theme in &quot;Coming Home From the Sea&quot; and &quot;To the Flemish  Cap,&quot; and Williams' sailers' themes in &quot;Out to Sea,&quot;  &quot;Man against Beast&quot; and especially &quot;The Great Shark  Chase&quot; where his music simply takes off.  In both scores the  threatening themes are always just below the surface or just to the  horizon, but the motifs that glorify man and the sea are critical to both  scores, and to both films.  Oddly enough, both films deal with the courage  of simple men against the elements and the music created by Williams and  Horner capture this feature in fitting fashions.   John Williams  brought back classical film scoring with &quot;Jaws&quot; setting the stage  for later triumphs (&quot;Star Wars&quot; and &quot;Close Encounters of the  Third Kind&quot;).  But the Anniversary Edition reminds us just how  substantial Williams' music for &quot;Jaws&quot; actually was.  Spielberg  admitted the near failure of his mechanical shark in the filming and that  without Williams' main theme the whole premise would not have worked.  But  as vital as the shark theme was, and it was of enormous importance, it was  part of a larger and very rich musical seascape that is now presented in a  very deserving manner.
B000002HEM|5.0|Usually, these unplugged events are less than wonderful, but this is an exception.  10000 Maniacs' background in folk music is a real asset, especially here.  Instead of just playing the songs the exact same way as  on the CD only unplugged (the norm), they have made subtle changes to the  sound that really make a difference.  &quot;Eat for Two&quot; has a slower  tempo and a string/wind ensemble.  There is a wonderful banjo part on  &quot;What's the Matter Here.&quot;  Jerry Augustyniak softens the drums  slightly and lays back accordingly.  His drum part on &quot;These Are  Days&quot; is different from the CD, but equally good.  Rob Buck is just as  comfortable on the acoustic guitar as on the electric.  This kind of  musical taste, ability, and sensitivity sets10000 Maniacs apart from the  crowd.  A compliment of extra musicans, including a certain viola  player/singer named Mary Ramsey, round out the roster.  Natalie Merchant  shows why she is a star, and gives a great performance, but she does flub a  note here and there.  Because the Night may have been a big hit, but it is  the most un-Maniacs like song here.  Overall, this is one of the best  unpluggeds ever, right up there with REM and Neil Young.  Highly  recommended.
B00004TWZF|5.0|I'm a little bit lucky to have watched The Big Blue on the big screen twice - one long, the other &quot;abridged&quot;, sort of.  I just fell in love with it, and I love it more when I've seen the long one.  <br />ONLY THE  LONG VERSION TELLS THE WHOLE STORY ! <br />The music and photography, of  course, is beautiful.  The story is sad and sweet and simple and ....simply  magical and mesmerizing ! <br />I came across with the LD once in Japan.  That  one was in French with subtitles only in Japanese.  I did not buy it and I  have been regretting for it since then.<br />Here comes my question, which I  hope some of you might know the answer : In which language, French or  English, was this movie made ?  The Long Version I watched was definitely  in English.  But the shorter one I watched seemed to be in French.  What  confuses me more is the songs - all in English.  So ... what should it be  if it is not hallucination !   I hope somebody could help me.  Definitely,  the DVD would help.
0064471837|5.0|Absolutly amazing!  I can not imagine a better book.  I have read and reread it dozens of times.  The only thing I am unhappy about is that I have not read any of the sequels.  How could anyone dislike it?<br />This book  has amazing depth and realism.  I is a wonderful book.
0441003257|5.0|In the manner of laid-back british sarcasm, which so often makes for pleasant reading, it's easy for an author to overdo it and force the language into Douglas-Adamsesque epithets. (eg Starship Titanic) Luckily,  Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchet have not let anyone down here. Good Omens  for me, does for religion what Douglas Adams did for sci-fi with &quot;The  Hitchhiker's Guide...&quot;. Not only is it clever, zany and just witty  enough, but the author's paint a pleasant story with wonderful characters  as well. DEFINITELY RECOMMENDED if you're a fan of Douglas Adams. (or any  other British humour for that matter -- Red Dwarf works just as well)
6304795254|2.0|Fincher fans will enjoy his trademark icy, modern sheen, which is apparent in every scene of this self-consciously complicated thriller, but if you've taken it seriously and followed along until the end, you'll feel cheated.  In a word: preposterous.  The plot only works if everyone involved had a  crystal ball and could see what Douglas was going to do.  If he did just  one thing differently or stood in a slightly different spot, the movie  couldn't happen.<br />There are dozens of examples.  He had to go to a  certain apartment.  He had to get a gun from a certain drawer of an empty  house and not from anywhere else on this thousand-mile journey from Mexico.  When he's running from bullets through San Francisco, for instance, his  enemies know that not a single neighbor will look out a window, come to his  aid, shoot back, or even call the police.  For god's sake, in one  laughable moment he had to jump from a specific spot even though nothing  keeps him from being several feet to either side.  If you've seen the flick  already, just think about that one scene and how high the stakes were.  How  could anyone short of God Himself predict that Douglas would do what he did  from the EXACT SPOT he did it?
B000007NYS|4.0|I do not like all the songs on this record but there are some real jems.  The first songs on this record are very country and a little weak on the first couple of listens. But after hearing what I heard on the second half  of the ablum I need to listen more carefully.<br />BUT!  The studio  version of Change the Locks (silos did a great remake) has become one of my  favorites.  It is the second best brake-up song after Sun Comes Up its  Tuesday Morning by Cowboy Junkies.  As well I asked you for water (you gave  me gasoline) is a great slide song and leads into the live song (six great  bonus tracks) I ask you for water has such a Robert Johnson feel as do all  the live songs.  They are that raspy gritty slide sound with a haunting  voice.  <br />Lucinda is a great song writer.  She is the daughter of the  GREAT TOO LITTLE READ POET MILLER WILLIAMS.  Talent for words and rythum  run in the family.  If you like the record check out the cool poem from  here father in the cover.  PS if you like this read ( Why God Premits Evil  By Miller Williams (who also translated some of ePablo Nerdua poems in  Distractions)
185984054X|1.0|While I normally admire Hitchens' work, and while I am sure that Mother Teresa, like every other human being, was not perfect, I am amazed as to what his purpose was in writing this book.  It is a fact that one of the  first people whom Mother Teresa helped on the streets of Calcutta was a  dying woman whose face had been half-eaten away by rats--how many of us,  even the most &quot;Christian&quot;, could do the same?  I certainly could  not, and I have no doubt that Hitchens is also incapable of living as  Mother Teresa did, and as her nuns continue to do.  She may have received  top medical care, but really, what government on earth would have allowed  the world-famous Mother Teresa NOT to have had the best hospital  treatment--for that matter, what airline would not have insisted on her  travelling in style?  (Imagine the bad publicity if they did  otherwise.)<br />When Hitchens has spent even one day and night working with  the world's most poor, wretched, and despised, let him criticize.  Until  then, his book is just silly.
B000007NYS|4.0|I do not like all the songs on this record but there are some real jems.  The first songs on this record are very country and a little weak on the first couple of listens. But after hearing what I heard on the second half  of the ablum I need to listen more carefully.<br />BUT!  The studio  version of Change the Locks (silos did a great remake) has become one of my  favorites.  It is the second best brake-up song after Sun Comes Up its  Tuesday Morning by Cowboy Junkies.  As well I asked you for water (you gave  me gasoline) is a great slide song and leads into the live song (six great  bonus tracks) I ask you for water has such a Robert Johnson feel as do all  the live songs.  They are that raspy gritty slide sound with a haunting  voice.  <br />Lucinda is a great song writer.  She is the daughter of the  GREAT TOO LITTLE READ POET MILLER WILLIAMS.  Talent for words and rythum  run in the family.  If you like the record check out the cool poem from  here father in the cover.  PS if you like this read ( Why God Premits Evil  By Miller Williams (who also translated some of ePablo Nerdua poems in  Distractions)
185984054X|1.0|While I normally admire Hitchens' work, and while I am sure that Mother Teresa, like every other human being, was not perfect, I am amazed as to what his purpose was in writing this book.  It is a fact that one of the  first people whom Mother Teresa helped on the streets of Calcutta was a  dying woman whose face had been half-eaten away by rats--how many of us,  even the most &quot;Christian&quot;, could do the same?  I certainly could  not, and I have no doubt that Hitchens is also incapable of living as  Mother Teresa did, and as her nuns continue to do.  She may have received  top medical care, but really, what government on earth would have allowed  the world-famous Mother Teresa NOT to have had the best hospital  treatment--for that matter, what airline would not have insisted on her  travelling in style?  (Imagine the bad publicity if they did  otherwise.)<br />When Hitchens has spent even one day and night working with  the world's most poor, wretched, and despised, let him criticize.  Until  then, his book is just silly.
0451197879|3.0|This book had some serious potential, the problem is, the first 2/3rds of this book were setting up the story. Unlike other Bachman stories, this one just takes to long to get moving. Once it does, it's a great story, much  like the movie falling down. Had this book been 100 pages longer, it  probably would've gotten the other 2 stars... but alas, it just ends to  quickly
B00004THAY|1.0|I love BB and Clapton, but when the two got together something went wrong! I've always wanted Clapton to turn into a true Bluesman, I think it's too late though, he doesn't have it in him anymore.<br />Save your money and buy  In Session (Mr. Albert King with Stevie Ray).<br />AK and SRV RIP!
0451197968|5.0|Ever see the movie? While books are usually better than the book, this one isn't even a contest, this books is light years ahead of the movie (not that the movie was breaking new boundaries, but as far as action goes, it  wasn't bad). <br />A man goes on a game show, and needs to run from a team of  hunters for 30 days. He ca go anywhere he wants, he just has to mail back  videos to the studio. So what's the catch? The public gets paid in rewards  to turn him in so they can watch him get killed on television. <br />With all  the reality based tv shows we have nowadays, is it impossible to imagine  this happening?
B000000WA4|5.0|This is the coolest SP cd (I have Machina). This is my favorite cd and I am listening to it right now!  I listen to it 24/7 it rocks!
B00004TDTO|5.0|First and foremost.. we all know the plot so I'm just skipping that part of the review and just talking about why this is so great on the DVD. The picture quality is near perfect. There is no signs of pixelation or breaks  in the picture (Anyone who saw highlander on DVD knows what a bad picture  looks like). The blacks are deep and solid and the colors are vibrant and  jump off the screen. It's amazing the work they put into this film to clean  it up from the 1970's print. <br />Next, the sound... TOP NOTCH.. I'm not even  talking about the dts version.. the regular sound is good enough. The  scenes on the ocean sound fantastic, and the dum-dum score rattles the  subwoofer. <br />As far as extras go, this disc is no fight club, however, for  a film that's so old, to have this much extra included is great. The  behind-the-scenes stuff is alot of fun and even the deleted scenes are a  nice touch.. The trivia game is short, but good for a few laughs.<br />If you  didn't pre-order this DVD, you really should think about what kind of  movies you are buying if you passed this one by... do yourself the favor...  buy this, you'll be glad you did, and your DVD player will thank you.
B00003JRCQ|4.0|Another great movie from a Jane Austin novel. Wonderful acting by Amanda Root and Ciaran Hinds and the rest of the cast. But the DVD audio conversion is very bad. The background sounds are louder than the rest of  the movie. This small problem ruins a great movie.
B00004RFFI|5.0|This is the first disc I bought since I got the home theater set up and this one you won't believe! Ok, I'll admit the story here is a little weak, but this isn't supposed to be a &quot;Raging Bull&quot; type of character  study. This is a very entertaining, state of the arts effects, fun film.  The sound from this DTS version is extraordinary. The separation of the 5.1  is incredible. The twister sequences will blow you away. You feel the sound  and the fury! The only other disc that compares is the Saving Private Ryan  one. For you home theater fanatics, this is your film.. you'll see it, hear  it, and feel it. This disc also has some great extras like director  commentary and a cool documentary of how it was made. All in all, it's not  one of the finest 100 or 200 movies ever made, but you may find yourself  watching it over and over for the experience of it! You'll love it! The  movie itself is about a 3, but the DVD DTS is about a 5!
B00004U9MS|5.0|Coldplay were recommended to me about a year ago -- I was a bit sceptical to begin with, but having heard Shiver and Yellow I was determined to obtain a copy of Parachutes. This is an excellent CD.  Highlights for me  include Spies, High Speed and Everything's Not Lost.  It is worth getting  on import - I am not sure when it will be released in the US.  Don't just  believe me -- they are already number one in the album charts in the UK.   You will not be disappointed
B00003CXAR|5.0|Well, I bought the DVD dts and I think you'll like the extras such as the outtakes, deleted scenes, and especially an excellent documentary.  You'll get the behind the scenes from Spielberg, the actors, photographers, and  the producers.  In today's film world this movie could be made rather  easily, but back then you'll see the tremendous undertaking that went into  this production.  The movie itself, of course, is just amazing.  At one  point Spielberg says that the shark is the star, but the scenes on the boat  will show you 3 stars at the top of their game.  The sound quality is  outstanding and exact, but I do have one complaint.... on the 5.1 DTS their  isn't much activity from the back 2 speakers. The sound coming from the  front 3 is great, but they could have done more.  This movie is just as  suspenseful as when I saw it in the mid-seventies.  I hadn't really watched  it in awhile and I had forgotten the outstanding acting performances by  Scheider, Dreyfuss, and Shaw.  Shaw's USS Indianapolis speech is about as  good as it gets, while Scheider's everyman performance really rings true.   You'll enjoy this DVD and it's at a good price.  A good bargain.  Buy it!
B00003CXAR|5.0|I have been waiting for this DVD for quite a while, and I am not dissapointed.  The DTS sound mix is incredible, and the pic is great also.  If you liked it 25 years ago, get this DVD and enjoy it again.
1878424319|5.0|I have read this book several times and believe it is the most profound document I have ever read.  The simple truths in the book, while at first seeming obvious, hold the secrets to allow a person to transform his or her  life permanently for the better.  This is an excellent read and I would  recommend it to every person, young or old, regardless of race, color,  creed or gender.  It's very much in line with the beliefs of Taoists but  Don Migule Ruiz has laid out the truths of life in a manner much easier to  comprehend.  Thank you for sharing the book with the world.  It has changed  my life.
0671015206|5.0|Let's face the facts: the great majority of people, even people living in the wealthiest nation in the world (the U.S.), are quite mediocre when it  comes to their own personal wealth.  A mere 3.5 out of every 100 U.S.  households have a net worth of $1 million or more.  <br />However, according  to Stanley and Danko, the interesting fact is that most of the wealthy got  where they are in one generation from humble backgrounds by working hard,  living below their means, and allocating their time and energy efficiently  to building wealth.  The authors have shown by numerous examples that this  age-old formula for becoming wealthy is still the most realistic hope for  financial freedom-seekers today.<br />If you earn an above average income,  have a good work ethic and achievement orientation, and have a tendency to  save money, then this book will likely appeal to you and you will benefit  from the information contained in it.
0767802624|5.0|Men in Black is an interesting movie to say the least.  It entertains and amuses from the go get to the closing scenes with music that will have you rocking in your sofa.  Get this DVD before the aliens get you.
B000023VR6|5.0|dr dre is a genius.  this album has tight beats and strong lyrics.  my favorite song is forgot about dre featuring eminem.   when eminem and dre get together it will be an automatic #1 smash hit.   i also like the  watcher, still dre, whats the difference, the next episode, lets get high,  bang bang, and acrite.  if u dont have this album BUY IT cause u r missin  out on lots of good songs .
0517548232|1.0|The problem I have with Hazlitt's economics primer is that much of the information he presents as fact is nothing but right-libertarian ideology.<br />Hazlitt attempts to &quot;explode liberal myths&quot; by taking  out of context the social advances America has made in the last 70 years.   The author believes that unchecked corporate power will liberate the  economy and, therefore, humanity.<br />Hazlitt is obviously a corporate  apologists who refuses to scrutinize the &quot;successes&quot; of  liberalized trade policies throughout the world.  A look at any number of  third world countries will reveal the true outcome of relinquishing  government and social controls of the economy.
B00004T9UH|5.0|the cd is cool, my favorite song is the real slim shady, anyone who gets this cd, is gonna be happy
8439702469|5.0|if you read this book in spanish, you will appreciate how rich, warm, colorful and truly imaginative it is. It is a story that you feel. I don't think an english translation does it justice.
0671027344|5.0|This book was one of the most amazing novels I've ever read-its too bad  its the first book written by Chbosky, I was looking forward to reading  others...    The book includes everything for a good read-a little mystery,  laughter and tears, a little love etc etc.... It is easy to relate to- the  family seems like your everyday American bunch, but the book explores the  relationships and communications within and the reader realizes that this  family is coming apart at the seams, but in complete denial. The ending in  totally unexpected, all the better for the reader.... I highly enjoyed this  book, and suggest it for any reader-young or old.
8439702469|5.0|if you read this book in spanish, you will appreciate how rich, warm, colorful and truly imaginative it is. It is a story that you feel. I don't think an english translation does it justice.
0897500482|3.0|This book may be quite a good read, and yes, was done when Bruce had his injured back, but he didn't write it. He took notes from all the different martial arts books he could get his hands on and wrote them in journels.  They were published after he died. Great to get an overview.
0684833395|5.0|Highly recommended.  Mr. Heller points out the absurdities of war and the &quot;system&quot; that runs the war, as well as the human reactions to the war and the system by the servicemen involved in the war.  His humor is so  very human.  Realistic without indepth &quot;blood and gore&quot;.
0800135954|5.0|This film is Brad Pitt's best movie and role ever.  The shear magnificence of the sceneries, the ultimately fatalistic beauty of all the characters, and the emotional bond you develop for each of them makes for a totally  enjoyable movie experience.  Brad Pitt, Julia Ormond, Aidan Quinn, Anthony  Hopkins, and Henry thomas are the epitome of the tragic family which  renders heartbreak into an artform.  You truly feel the pain of a  disintegrating family that never quite loses it all.  You cheer for them at  the end, after having obtain their redemption.  Julia Ormond is classically  gorgeous, and Brad Pitt plays the role of the noble tragic hero to  flawlessness.  Henry Thomas, although a short presence on film, still plays  a character which still haunts the other characters and the audience long  after his death. You can't help but to feel for and cheer for Aidan Quinn's  character.  He epitomizes the &quot;nice guy finishes last&quot;  philosophy, and his heartache is palpable. Anthony Hopkins is the noblest  of father figures, although his Scrooge transformation after his stroke  almost made him laughable.  I like the way the film touches on so many  other themes, such as discrimination against American Indians, prohibition,  the inherent evil of government, love and war are often the same,  and the  timeless theme of how life is filled with tragedy and heartbreak.  Tristan's character epitomizes these themes, and he is indeed the rock that  everyone shatters against.  Everyone around him dies young, while he gets  older. His is the kind of character that remains in your mind long after  the credits end, and you're left always wondering whatever happened to him.  Gorgeous filmmaking indeed.
B000007R1M|5.0|Kraftwerk Sound really tight on this Disc.The Vibe&amp;flow of the Music has had a lasting impact.with the music here Kraftwerk had an influence on other styles of music.not only British Bands but also they were Sampled in  early Rap&amp;Hip-Hop also with pop music.Worth Checking out.
B00004TL2N|4.0|I very much enjoyed this CD, although some of Boulez's tempi are faster than I would have liked: the second subject of the finale for example goes at a tremendous clip, and I'm not sure it respects the composer's 'nicht  schnell' marking.  Similarly the slow movement presses ahead a little too  much at times.<br />Still this is a fine interpretation and one which I would  recommend to all Brucknerians.<br />Don't worry if you've been put off by  Boulez's Mahler (as I have), as this performance is not lacking in emotion,  and is superbly played (especially by the brass and lower strings) and  wonderfully recorded.<br />Sinopoli on DG would be my first choice, but this  CD has given me a lot of pleasure: the finale is perhaps the most exciting  on record!
B000002KAT|2.0|Lester Bangs' essay on &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; is one of the greatest pieces of writing (music criticism or otherwise) I've read, and of course after reading it I had to hear the album.  Other critics have similarly gushed its praises, as many of the reviewers have here.  <br />Every year I  read that essay and return to Astral Weeks to hear what I *must* be  missing.  And the answer is always the same: beats me.  This makes pleasant  background music, but every nice hooky moment is offset by the overall  meandering sprawl.  In any event, I know that  you're going to have to hear this thing -  maybe on my deathbed it's  virtues will come to me as an epiphany.
B000002KE2|4.0|VOL 4 HAS A SOUND THAT IS TOTALLY DIFFERENT FROM ANYTHING THEY EVER DID.AS IN ALL OZZY BLACK SABBATH CD`S,EVERY CD WAS DIFFERENT.THATS ONE OF THE THINGS I REALLY LIKED ABOUT THEM.THIS CD HAS THE GREAT SONGS WHEELS OF  CONFUSION AND SNOWBLIND ON IT.THE WHOLE CD IS GOOD EXCEPT THE THROW AWAY  INSTRUMENTAL FX.EVEN THE SONG CHANGES GROWS ON YOU WITH TIME.THIS IS  CLASSIC SABBATH FROM THE EARLY 70`S WHEN NO BAND OUT THERE COULD PLAY ROCK  THIS HEAVY.TONY IOMMI`S GUITAR WORK IS GREAT IN THIS AS ARE OZZY`S  VOCALS.THIS IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY SAB FAN OR FAN OR 70`S HARD ROCK.THIS IS  REAL SABBATH.
B00004U9MS|5.0|This band has all of the components of a great, memory instilling, legend that everyone will know about regardless of their tast in music.  The tracks are filled with intense emotion and will leave you breathless.  This  is truly a great band.  Have a look see.
B00000JCOV|5.0|First of all, I listen to almost all kinds of music,punk,hardcore,metal,rap,and some pop. I got this CD and I was like Wooaaa! It's just one big mosh pit waiting to happen. I haven't listened to  Slipknot that much, but I have to say they are my favorite band. No other  CD has this. Hard drums and guitar, and the wild screaming (most of the  time) vocals. Wait and Bleed is one of the best songs on the CD. The vocals  start out nice and soft, the jump to the wild screaming so fast you think  it can't be the same guy. Some of my favorite bands used to be Korn, Limp  Bizkit, and Dope. This one is better than all those combined. If you like  this crazy wild stuff (and don't mind the explicite lyrics) go get it!
B000002KXO|4.0|After their commercial disappointment with Tusk, the group put out an album with a more pop-commercial sound. The album is Mirage. I gotta say. The first time I listened to this album it was hard to enjoy it. But it  grew on me. The thing that really amazed me was Lindsey Buckingham's  arrangements on all the songs. Even when he solos, he has a very simple way  of doing things. As the saying goes: sometimes less is more.     The only  disappointment I have with the album is Buckingham's input with his songs.  They are very weak and lack the formula for commercial success. Now, for  Stevie's songs. Like usual, it takes some time to get used to her songs,  just because of her unusual songwriting skills, but then you start to grow  to love them, because she puts a lot of passion into them. Stevie manages  to make another hit song for the Mac with Gypsy.      Last, and not least,  is Christine. She always comes through with some kind of pop-love song. On  this album, it's the &quot;vocally-harmonized but not quite a duet with  Lindsey&quot; song Hold Me.    Overall, it's an enjoyable album to listen  to, and I would say it's one of their best albums that they put out in the  eighties, even though there were not many. I recommend this album to any  Mac fan.
B00004R99L|4.0|Alice in Wonderland can definately be called a Disney classic, is it one of the best Disney animated films.  It is a Magical Visual Ride from beginning to end.<br />As Alice is day dreaming, she is transported into a  magical world.  In this world &quot;everything is what it isn't&quot; and  &quot;everything is nonsence.&quot;  That is a good thing, because in this  process we meet a bunch of strange and compelling characters with stange  situations.  Sometimes the film can go a little overboard with this, but I  don't think many people who are young at heart or have an imagination will  complain.  Plus, this film is similar to the book that came before it.  If  you have not seen this, you should, it's a classic.  If you are turned of  by vivid fantasy or over imaginative films, you might want to let your kids  see it insted.<br />4 out of 5 stars because the DVD lacks.  It has a short  featurette and trailer, plus a read-along for the kids.  Overall though, a  nice package.  Reccomended.
6305910103|5.0|I'm surprised how clean the print is! It is the best picture quality EVER! Better that VHS and LD!  The sound is good, too!
078324228X|5.0|WE WATCHED BOTH THE HURRICANE AND AMERICAN BEAUTY AND BOTH OF US FEEL DENZEL WASHINGTON DID A FAR SUPERIOR JOB.  THE WHOLE MOVIE WAS FANTASTIC AND THE BEST WE'VE SEEN.  DENZEL WAS ROBBED.
B00004U9MS|5.0|This band has all of the components of a great, memory instilling, legend that everyone will know about regardless of their tast in music .  The tracks are filled with intense emotion and will leave you breathless.  This  is truly a great band.  Have a look see.
B0000011N5|5.0|These songs are of natural, hippy and folk-type theme, with lovely, catchy melodies and very masterful, Celtic-type lyrics.  Lots of references to gulls, sand, wind, tides, gypsies, babies, friends.  Even whelks and  \\"chiffchaff eggs,\\" whatever they are.  The only instrument used for the  last 5 songs or so is the guitar;  these are indeed a little more sober but  very beautiful.  The rest have cheerful instrumentation with banjo, drums,  keyboard, etc., and an absolutely gorgeous flute sequence in \\"The Tinker  and the Crab,\\" so cheerful and playful, like a bird flying after the melody  line.  (That's my favorite song in the bunch, though I didn't even know I  liked flute music!)<br />These are not exactly children's songs - my kids do  put it on sometimes, but it's mainly to erupt in laughter when Donovan  sings, \\"How's your brush and your lady, not to mention your stain-glass  baby,\\" and other nonsense sequences.  It is the sort of music you like to  play when children are around, words and music being bright and nurturing.   They are very catchy songs - everyone in the family sings snatches of them,  even my husband, who dislikes hippies.<br />One very sad but beautiful  exception is \\"Widow with a Shawl,\\" about a woman who walks every day on the  beach, waiting for her husband's ship:  \\"Seven years and seven days/ No man  has seen my woman's ways, dear God,/ I am weary crying on the  shore.\\"<br />\\"Epistle to Derroll\\" is very clever, an Alice in Wonderland-type  poem:  Donovan talks to the \\"astrologically shaped\\" starfish, who says  importantly, \\"All through the 7 oceans, I am a star most famed/ Many  leggies have I lost, many have it gained\\" (starfish grow back legs,  remember?), before telling him the whereabouts of the friend he's seeking.   Perfect imitation of Lewis Carroll, except the starfish doesn't get eaten  at the end.<br />In \\"The Enchanted Gypsy\\" and elsewhere, there are echoes of  Donovan's hit \\"Atlantis\\":  \\"This caravan was painted by a hand/ That'stouched ev'ry pebble in the ocean-o.\\"  An instrument is used in this song,  very mysterious and dusky-sounding, which I think must be the \\"turkish\\"  listed in the notes.<br />In addition to Donovan's beautiful, Welsh-accented  voice, there are lots of references to the British Isles, as in \\"Isle of  Islay\\":  \\"How high the gulls fly o'er Islay/ How sad the farm lad deep in  play\\" (\\"sad\\" here being better taken in its old, archaic meaning of  \\"serious\\").<br />But Donovan can make even prosaic themes sound quaint.  In  \\"Mad John,\\" he makes words like \\"allotment shed,\\" \\"railway siding,\\" and  \\"double eggs, chips and beans\\" sound catchy.<br />Good lyrics sheet and notes  are included in this BGO re-issue, along with an anti-drug message from  Donovan, and his announcement about a new grandchild.<br />If you like Celtic  folk music, as well as Donovan's other works, you'd probably like this  album.  I do love it - the guy may be loopy but he's definitely touched by  the Muse - and am getting HMS Donovan next.  I don't know what he did to  deserve the put-downs he receives (even from the Amazon.com Reviewers, whom  you'd expect to push the stuff!), but if some sophisticated pal of yours  comes in and makes fun of you for listening to this album, wait until  \\"Under the Greenwood Tree\\" comes on.  Let your friend to make fun of it,  then tell him, \\"Those lyrics were written by Shakespeare.\\"  (They're lines  from \\"As You Like It,\\" for a modern version of the play that was never  produced.)  Because of his skillful, light touch, and the fact that he uses  many old and archaic forms, most people won't be able to tell the  difference between Donovan's words and the Bard's.
0767836286|3.0|The film is decent, the ending a bit of a shocker (I had no idea it was coming, rather like &quot;the Sixth Sense&quot;); my only problem is that everyone realizes from the start of the film who the bad guys and good guys  are. Why waste so much time trying to convince us it's all Jeff Bridge's  imagination?
B00004SCX6|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this CD.  I am an avid listener and I love each and every song a total 5/5 on all of the songs.  My favorite is &quot;What You See (is what you get).&quot;  I definitely recommend this CD to any pop music lover! Go get it!
6305910103|4.0|In all the other Trek movies,is there really any moment to match Spock's burial as Horner's orchestration of Amazing Grace comes out of the rear speakers?I think not.Worth buying the disc for that moment alone.
B000002O51|4.0|People thought it was a long wait between Pyromania and Hysteria?  Mr. Tom Scholz, guitarist and studio wizard, took record company time-limits and conventional pop-music widsom and kicked them face-foot off the Boston UFO,  taking a full 6 years to record Third Stage.<br />  But you wouldn't have any  idea that this album was released in 1986 just by listening to it.  The  Rockman-equipped, analog-recording Scholz keeps the classic Boston sound  perfectly intact, 8 years and three musical movements later.  Brad  &quot;Hide the glassware&quot; Delp's voice is flawless, or flawlessley  recorded, rather.<br />  Kicking things off is the song that inexplicably made  this album famous, the #1 Amanda, which truthfully is not only the best  song on the album, but it sets the tone for the album.  It's deeply  personal, well-written, has loads of vocal and guitar overdubs, and  impecabbly produced.  As Amanda ends, We're Ready begins, giving the album  a breath of good-old-fashioned rock which continues through the next few  songs into the Amanda re-write, My Destination.  If you've ever doubted  Brad Delp's vocal capabilities, just take a good listen here.  <br />  The  second half of the album follows the tone set by the first, it has a  softer, ballad-like tone even over the uptempo numbers like Cantcha Say and  Hollyann (another fantastic Delp showcase).  <br />  Taken as a whole, Third  Stage is amazing.  It's not quite a concept album but plays like one, meant  to be listened to from start to finish.  Individually, it doesn't hold up  song-by-song to the debut but it definitley makes the listener forget Don't  Look Back ever existed.  Hollyann, Cantcha Say, Amanda, and We're Ready  round this album out into excellence, while the filler songs and  instrumentals are well-executed (no synth!  makes you think of old-school  Queen), flawlessley produced, and remain in your head.  <br />  Third Stage is  a must-buy for any Boston fan, even if it seems like this ride is overtoo  soon (the album is quite short for the time it took to complete).  One more  saving grace is some great reading material in the liner notes, courtesy of  Tom &quot;Time on his hands&quot; Scholz.  Must've lost his pick one too  many times.
0316777722|2.0|Perhaps I bought this book at the wrong time or at least with the wrong impression; while this collection of essays did leave several smirks, there wasn't much in the way of the howlingly funny, gutbusting hilarity, wacky  hi-jinks that people keep reviewing about. <br />While it was interesting to  divide the book in half according to setting/stage of his life, the  material rages back and forth without much in the way of structure to keep  the reader interested. Self-deprecating? You betcha. Motivated? Oh mais  oui. Entertaining? Sure, but what's the purpose?<br />The family portraits he  presents only confuse me. Are we to be sympathetic to David because his  foul-mouthed brother shares a dialouge with his father that he himself  could not have? Are we supposed to feel smug and superior for David because  of this? Why is a sister who wants to constantly disguise herself in the  name of subversive humour be portrayed in a &quot;Gosh, that nutty sister.  What will she think of next to challenge the boundaries of physical  comedy?&quot; manner.<br />Too many passages seem to relate a story whereby  David suffers a character assassination from someone he doesn't even know,  yet instead of defending himself, he presents himself as someone who  shouldn't even bother.<br />Why is it that Sedaris damns the local hick  culture yet talks for three pages in disgusting detail about a bowel  movement he finds in a toilet? Sure, the social taboos we hold in place are  then brought to the front to be examined, but by the end, I wish he hadn't  even bothered. <br />Overall the book leaves me not with a better  understanding of the author, but rather a feeling like not wanting to spend  too much time trapped in a crowded subway train with him. I know this  sounds like a huge personal criticism of Sedaris, yet its not intended to  be. Rather the book just confuses more than it entertains. I can relate to  feeling disjointed in school but otherwise there are just too many loose  ends in the book for my taste. <br />Perhaps I need to read more of his work  to get a better grounding of his style and mannerisms, but for the most  part, I'm more content to think about my own farcical attempts at the  French language than hear about his.
6304342160|4.0|Before the Coen brothers rocketed to fame with The Matrix they directed this little known low-budget independent film called Bound.  It's a film that's undeniably well made, with such skill in creating suspense that it  would make Alfred Hitchcock proud.<br />The film's plot centers around two  women (Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilly).  They plan to steal 2 million  dollars from a mobster (Joe Pantoliano) but not everything goes according  to plan. <br />The suspense scenes work very well and there were many moments  I was on the edge of my seat.  When I was about to watch this film I  thought it would be a slow paced thriller but, boy, was I wrong.<br />As for  the lesbian sex scenes in this film, there's only one and it shouldn't  offend anybody.  As a matter of fact, the scene is quite steamy and erotic,  certainly much better than any of the lesbian scenes in Wild Things.<br />The  performances are solid all around.  Gina Gershon is probably the best as  the tough, hard as nails ex-con.  The Coen brothers direct with a lot flair  and style.  The result is one rollicking thriller.
8478885196|5.0|I LOVED this book I already read it twice in English and I've tooken spanish for 7 years as well but even if you don't know spanish you can still understand whats going on in the book if you've already read it in  English J.K.Rowling has written another wonderful book taking you to the  3rd exciting &amp; mysterious year of Hogwarts so kick back! and enjoy this  EXCELLENT book by J.K.Rowling.
B00003OSSM|1.0|Oh boy was this a stinker.  I am a huge fan of Harrison Ford and have always enjoyed Kristin Scott Thomas but what a disappointment.  Sadly, I would say, &quot;don't bother.&quot;
B000022TSV|5.0|As a youngster, I had come across the soundtrack to this film and became completely enthralled.  Unfortunately, I had to wait almost another 15 years before being able to see the movie from which it came.  So it was  with great enthusiasm that I purchased the DVD of Bizet's Carmen.  I was  not disappointed.  The music is as wonderful as I remembered it and the  singers are in fine form indeed.  The film itself is quite good, adding  great vibrancy to what is already quite a stirring opera.  By producing  this opera as a film rather than a static stage production, the makers had  created one of the best adaptations of opera to film that I have seen.  The  on-location scenery is quite effective and fits in very nicely with the  setting of the opera.  I also liked the subtitle options on the DVD which  provides the option of reading French subtitles (this is a French opera,  after all) in addition to the usual English/Spanish ones.<br />All in all, a  worthwhile DVD and a great introduction to opera for any neophytes.
B000007T1M|5.0|I bought this CD a long time ago when i heard the song, &quot;Sugar&quot;, on the radio.  The whole CD blew my mind after listening through it once, it was unbelievable how phat the songs were.  &quot;spider&quot; is my  favorite on the album because it simply rocks!  this is a must buy and  would be a highlight of any CD collection
B0001I561E|5.0|One of Disney's better \\"late release\\" animation films, proving once again that the studio can still produce the magic when they've a mind to.<br /><br />I'm basing this review on the original DVD release in 2004 {original review date July 2000}), however, there shouldn't be any significant differences in the feature itself between releases. Naturally, the DVD will outlast a VHS tape and the quality of both the picture and sound are higher.  Disney included extras on this version (more in the platinum and gift sets, natch) which boast cut scenes and songs. There are some alterations to the film from that shown in theaters, but nothing that will take seriously away from it.<br /><br />On the movie, it's a great rendition of the tales of 1,001 Arabian Nights (with Disney's own plot and characterizations) which will entertain members of the entire family. Robin Williams does an exceptionally fine job as the voice of the Genie -- giving him comic personality and wit.<br /><br />The story line is a good one and is followed by two 'add-on' sequels ('Return of Jafar' and 'King of Thieves'), both worth purchasing and are now available (Williams is missing from 'Return', but back for 'Thieves').<br /><br />The film's music is top rate and in line with many of their earlier successful animations (The Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast).<br /><br />All in all, a worthwhile purchase for your home library. Children and adults will enjoy this one for decades to come.<br /><br />~P~
B000003S5H|5.0|I bought an album I initially liked after listening to several of its singles on radio, but, like a lot of chart music (Texas, if you must know) I fairly quickly got bored with it. The opposite is true of Moon Safari,  which I bought without knowing much about it. Even after 2-3 years, it  seems to get better and better, like the best jazz and classical music. As  a listener, I find nothing better as a background to nocturnal activities.  As an artist, it has me questioning my own musical style and made me want  to emulate Air. In the past electronic musicians have cited Kraftwerk as a  prime influence - another album like this and Air will be the name on  everyone's lips. Others might say there is a 70's influence, but in truth  70's lounge never sounded this good. Moon Safari creates its own genre.
079075116X|5.0|This movie shows the action in its highest point. This movie shows classical action movies but with the quality that you expect, it's not the kind of action that you see every day in every movie, this movie shows that  the 007-style doesn't belong to James only.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Oops!..I did it again has not left my stereo yet  and will not any time soon. Her voice is great . She has very good music . I reccomend this to any one who is looking for an artist who has a variety of songs . For  example she does some ballads&amp;pop. It is a great cd .I could never be  with out . I go everwhere with it . It is in my disc man in the car going  to school to the store anywhere . I just love it .
6305910103|5.0|Finally, the best Trek brought to the silver screen using the old formula from the classic Trek shows.  Great director in Nick Meyer, best script concept, best special effects by ILM.  The original cast are in rare form.   I would recommend the STTOS: Space Seed DVD to complete the set.
B00004SVID|5.0|I felt compelled to add my 2-cents after reading several other reviews from obvious non-Floyd fans. Let's face it, PF was never for everyone, but for alternative music aficionados young and old, these guys broke new  ground from the beginning, from Sid Barret's Alice in Wonderland-type  pieces through Dark Side's greedy 70's techno, culminating with a pure  jewel - The Wall.  I was a senior in high school when it was originally  released, and at the time, although I loved it, I didn't fully appreciate  the mastery of song writing and execution that Waters and Gilmour produced  on their last true collaboration.  Principly about Waters' life, growing up  under the cloud of war, The Wall nevertheless is a relevant piece of work  that is deeply meaningful and at the same time colorful and hypnotic.   &quot;Is There Anybody Out There&quot; takes this classic to a new level.   If you're like me and you sadly missed the original concert, this live  recording almost settles the score.  Technically it is as perfect as it can  be, these guys are flawless on stage, Waters is in top form vocally and  David Gilmour is absolute genius vocally and instrumentally.  James Guthrie  is to be commended for putting all of this together, there had better be a  grammy nomination.  For one brief shining moment, there was a band that  eclipsed music of all genres, and &quot;Is There Anybody Out There&quot;  frames this moment perfectly.  This is an &quot;album&quot; that I will  pass on to my children, and I will try to convey to them that as good as  modern rock is, this piece is something special, achieving an uncommon  mixture of relevance and artistry that can outlast the constraints of  popular music.
B00004SU5J|5.0|I bought this c.d. on the basis of hearing track 4 'Land Of...',which I thought sounded excellent and quite like Groove Armada.The rest of the album is a bit more like acid jazz,and considering I.m not a huge fan of  that particular musical genre,I'm totally amazed at how much I like this  c.d.The musicianship is unbelievably good,especially the guitarist and  trumpet player.I know St. Germain have been the catalyst behing other  marvellous French acts like Air and Daft Punk,but they have managed to stay  one step ahead of the pack on this c.d.The first song 'Rose Rouge' is  driven along by a killer groove and could I'm sure be a huge favourite at  most late clubs.It's the only track with proper vocals,but it makes this  album worth buying for that song alone.The other 8 tracks drift by in a  cool air of serenity that I firmly believe is worth listening to even if  you are like me, not a huge fan of jazz.
B00004THAY|5.0|I bought this album and have been looking for a club date where B.B. and Eric will be playing. I hope it is at B.B.'s in Manhattan!
B00003CWOL|5.0|I'll keep this short.  It's funny.  It's got good dialogue and good acting.  From the beginning to the end, this movie does not fail.  To all you out there who complain about it, well...they sure could have made it  better with a $100 million budget, but you gotta give credit where its due.   Watch this movie, and open your minds.  And yeah, wait to the end and  listen to the song written by Alanis Morissette for the movie..its quite  touching.
6305807086|1.0|This movie really made  me think about what it would be like to be someone else. The whole time I just kept wishing I could be someone who WASN'T watching Being John Malkovich.
014028009X|5.0|This book was fabulous! As soon as I was done with the first one I went and bought the sequal.  It is a very enjoyable read that all women can relate too. Everyone should check it out!
B000002H97|5.0|I just want to say this about Metallica's ballads,especially &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; here:I'm not a very sentimental person when it comes to entertainment.But Metallica's artistic truthfulness blows me away.All I  could say is this:&quot;Sanitarium&quot; almost brought me to  tears,&quot;The Unforgiven&quot; did.I was trying not to let my self go all  along,but in the end,especially when Hammett's solo broke in,I couldn't  hold it any more.Truly amazing song.<br />I forgot to mention some things  about the last two songs:<br />-&quot;My Friend of Misery&quot;:Cool  chorus.Has one of Hammett's longest solos,and it's awesome.<br />-&quot;The  Struggle Within&quot;:Pretty good song.Hammett's solo is just amazing and  the song is so powerful.<br />And why dosn't anyone comment on James'  unsurpassed guitar abilities?He's the uncrowned king of rhythm guitar.He  playes it flawlessly as fast as thunder,and he does it so perfect,that it  feels as if a supercomputer is generating the sound.In the end,I'll say  this:Jaymz is the one who made me LOVE rhythm guitar.
6305075352|4.0|Willem DeFoe and Gene Hackman are FBI agents who lead a search in Jessup County Mississippi, to find three young civil rights people who were reported missing. The small town mississippians don't take the athority of  the Federal Government agents well, spuring other racial assaults. This  Oscar nominated film presents all angles of the racial problems of the  1960's in the deep south. The blacks and all other minorities were too  afraid to fight, for fear that the whites would destroy their homes and  possibly kill them. Proven by history and shown in this film, sometimes  when a problem arises you have to fight and accept all consiquences instead  of waiting, which sometimes doesn't solve anything. The acting is supurb  and the direction is very well done. Frances McDormand is excellent as the  deputies wife.
B00000G6KG|5.0|The reviewer at the very beginning doesn't know what he's talking about. He's got everything all wrong. South of Heaven came out in '88 not '87  and Slayer has never done anything that wasn't excellent. Go review Metallica  you lame reviewer! If you don't have this album go get it NOW!  And if you  haven't seen them live then you haven't seen anything until you do.
B0000203YT|2.0|There are three problems with this movie: (1) it tries to be too clever; (2) Joseph Fiennes is an outrageous fop (remember British TV's 'Famous Five' TV series? - he reminds me of Georgina) and (3) Gwyneth Paltrow is a  simpering drip. What is it with this woman and acceptance speeches? It's  getting to the point where she can't even unwrap a Mars bar without  bursting into tears and thanking her parents for giving her the courage to  do it. This would be an OK movie if it were just a little more understated,  but the whole thing is so self-impressed and mawkish you feel like you're  choking on honey. Avoid.
B0000022WA|5.0|The Parent Trap is one of the best family movies ever made.  Hayley Mills shows that she is a terrific actress by playing the dual role of Sharon McKendrick and Susan Evers.  The plot is simple.  Mitch Evers (Brian Keith)  and Margaret McKendrick (Maureen O'Hara) get married, but realized they  have made a mistake.  They decide to divocre.  However, Margaret is  pregnant with twin girls.  When they divorce, one twin goes with Mom and  the other with Dad.  It's not until about thirteen years later that Susan  and Sharon meet each other at camp.  At first they don't get along, and are  sent to the isolation cabin where they have to spend the entire summer  together.  While there, they realize they are twins, and come up with a  plan to get their parents back together.<br />This movie is a timeless classic  that will entertain viewers of all ages.  Adults will love it for it's  romance while kids will enjoy the comedy.  In this day of age there are few  things that a family can sit down and watch together, but this is one of  them.  A great movie.  You'll love it, trust me.
B00001NFCY|4.0|I'm a new fan of Creed's, I don't own their first album and I haven't followed their career at all, but most recently I have been taken cative by this amazing group and I'm asking myself why didn't I find them sooner? I  have now purchased their second album, Human Clay and I love it. Their  songs are written with so much emotion and pain and they really move me. My  favorite tracks are With Arms Wide Open and Wash Away Those Years these  tracks along with all of them take you on an emotional journey that is  spiritual and wondeful. I recommend this to anyone who likes music that  means something and to anyone who is searching for meaning in life and in  God. This is an awesome album.
0788811355|1.0|'The continentals have a sex life - the English have hot water bottles.'<br />I forget who made the above remark, but anyone seeking an illustration of it should check out this movie. The lovers' wooing goes as  follows: remain stand-offish and snobby for several days, bicker stupidly  over nothing, then bodice-rip. Presto: instant love. This 'love story' was  clearly written by someone who has no idea how two people come to get to  know and like each other. These two utterly uninteresting people are not so  much in love as involved in an empty, sterile, English kind of lust as  dessicated as the desert it takes place in. Since it's impossible to warm  to this pair, none of the 'dramatic' moments work. An injection of music or  soemone bursting into tears is just that: it all seems disjointed, like a  number of emotional episodes looking for a context. Anyone still prepared  to retort that Minghella is a talented director should see The Talented Mr.  Ripley, which doesn't even bear comment.<br />The English Patient is simply  one of those movies that came from nowhere, swept the Oscars, and then was  completely forgotten about almost the following day.
6305177473|5.0|Being 16 years old, I'm not a big fan of Disney movies any more. But my parents were watching the movie in the family room when I came in to read the newspaper, and I must say I was captivated by the entire movie!<br />I  remember hearing a few years ago that Disney made a remake of The Parent  Trap. I had seen the original, and I must admit that I thought it would not  be nearly as good as the original. I must also admit that I was wrong.<br />As  hard as it may be to believe, this is even better than the original!  Lindsay Lohan does a spectacular job portraying both Hallie Parker and  Annie James; and to think this is her first movie! Natasha Richardson and  Dennis Quaid both make wonderful performances as the girls parents. Simon  Kunz and Lisa Ann Walter also do a great job portraying Annie's butler and  Hallie's nanny, respectfully. This was based of the 1961 parent Trap,  starring Hayley Mills, that was written by David Swift. Nancy Meyers and  Charles Shyer wrote the script for the remake and Meyers was director and  Shyer producer. You'll remember the duo from their work with the Father of  the Bride movies. Elaine Hendrix also does a great job playing Meredith,  the evil step-mother-to-be. Ronnie Stevens also does an excellent job  playing Annie's grandfather.<br />The movie starts out when the girls are sent  to Camp Walden For Girls in Maine. While there, they meet and aren't very  fond of each other. They start playing practical jokes on each other until  the camp directors, Marva Kulp Sr. and Marva Kulp Jr. (played by Polly  Holliday and Maggie Wheeler, respectively) send them to an isolation cabin  for them to spend the rest of the summer there. While there, the girls try  to make the best of things and start to talk to each other. They then begin  to realize that they are amazingly similar to each other. After a while,  they finally realize that they are twins! With each child wanting to meet  their other parent, the girls devise and elaborate plan to switch places,  hoping that when their parents realize they have the wrong child, they will  have to switch them back and see each other after a hiatus of eleven  years.<br />This movie is highly suggested. I also suggest that you see the  original one, so you can see the similarities and differences between the  two movies. You'll be able to see how the time difference between the two  movies can make them seem much different, even though they have the same  plot. If you liked the first one, you'll love this one!
B00002ZMNV|5.0|Finally!   I've been listening to the CD and waiting for the DVD for months.  James' voice was great.  Much better than on Cunning Stunts.<br />I'm a huge Metallica fan and also a SF Symphony fan.  SF Symphony plays  Shoreline ampitheatre in the Bay Area every July 4th.  I highly recommend  it.<br />The beginning of the concert was an excellent way to introduce  Metallica fans to the symphony.  My favorites are One, Bells, Roam.  The  transition into Puppets was fantastic.<br />After Cunning Stunts, I was hoping  S&amp;M would be a more user-friendly DVD.<br />1)  You have to go to the  audio menu to switch tracks.  The default is not 5.1.<br />2)  I would have  liked to have a widescreen version.<br />3)  I would have liked to have had  some post concert reactions in the documentary.  I also think it would have  been nice to have more interviews with symphony members.  Most looked like  they were having fun, but I'd like to hear what they thought.  Was it  really fun, or just another job.<br />5 stars for sure.
0812932293|5.0|I found this to be an incredible book, it was impossible for me to put down. The book takes you through Branson's first 20 or so years, beginning with his first company, Student Magazine, at the age of 17 (i think) right  up to the early 90's.<br />Any entrepreneur should ABSOLUTELY read this book,  you would be surprised at the type of person Branson is, and the amount of  fun he has had crating Virgin. I am eagerly awaiting the follow-up book,  which should pick up where he left off.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is by far the greatest Maiden album since Adrian left. He is the missing piece of the puzzle. He always had written many of the good songs. Check out Wicker Man and Fallen Angel. Also Ghost of the Navigator is Rime  of the Ancient Mariner Part 2. With the exception of the last song this is  Classic. This has heavier guitars than on any other album. Kevin Shirley  really brings out the best in them. This is the same guy that has really  done well producing Dream Theater albums.  Buy this.
B00004TH83|5.0|WOW! I can't tell you how impressed I am with Lara Fabian! I have been a diehard Celine Dion fan for about 8 years, so when I heard that Lara sounded like her, I thought I'd give the CD a chance. Boy, was I surprised!  I have been playing Lara Fabian non-stop for a month. Move over, Celine!
B00004U45G|2.0|I was so excited for this album to come out, being a longtime fan of the Crowes and Led Zeppelin.  Unfortunately, all the good things that could have come out of this performance never materialized.  The recording  quality is substandard.  Chris' fantastic vocals are largely drowned out by  the music.  There are no strong guitar solos highlighting Page.  In short,  I am surprised that they have actually published this recording.  I would  recommend listening to a friend's copy before you buy.  Decide whether you  can deal with the lousy sound quality.
B00003Q43A|2.0|Beware, the only reason this has 2 disks is the fact that the first one has 2 movies and 2 commentraries. The second disk is filled with mediocre extra featutes. Gets 2 stars on movie's merit only!
0754053431|5.0|Having traveled by car when I was a child, I know how tedious this can be. I have never laughed out loud reading anything before I read this book. With tongue firmly planted in cheek, Bill Bryson wends his way down memory  lane mixed with the bite of present day reality. This is one hilarious  story. I liked it so much I bought the audio version and had to stop and  cringe when the narrator refered to Nehi pop as &quot;Neh-hee&quot; rather  than &quot;Nee-high&quot; - who edits these things?  Aaaaarghh.  Nevertheless, the story came across vividly and Mr. Bryson should be  thanked repeatedly for inviting us along and making our sides ache.
6303942830|5.0|This movie has always been a top one for me. I have to say that the best part of it all is the score. Nothing has ever come close to it. The acting is amazing. Day Lewis gives a very concincing performance. As does the  actor who played Magua. The only Minor flaw is the script could have used  some sharpening as sometimes. However the screenplay is excellent (they are  different things). The action is the most fun to watch. The score creates  such a depressing atmosphere that you just want to stop the movie and take  in life! All in all. This is an almost perfect movie. I would give it a  very deserving 10/10!
B00000J2L7|3.0|People, let's be reasonable.  This film certainly has its funny moments, but to site it as &quot;the best film ever made&quot; or &quot;perfect&quot; is just silly.  This film is neither.  It's not even  the funniest comedy ever made.  Sure, I laughed at Peter Sellars'  conversation with the Russian Premier.  And yes, I laughed at General  Ripper's ridiculous paranoia.  But I found many of the scenes monotonous,  especially those in the plane, which were both repetitive and not  particularly funny.  Dr. Strangelove was mildly amusing at best.  I smiled  watching him, but never erupted in laughter.  Naturally, you're going to  have plenty of dopey people that think this is the greatest movie ever just  because some critic told them to think that.  But if you haven't seen this  before, don't believe the hype.  Prepare to smile, maybe even chuckle, and  that's about it.
B00004T9UF|5.0|If anyone thinks that no real thought, emotion or skill goes into producing a Rap album, they obviously haven't listened to this album!  No words can describe what I feel when I listen to &quot;Kim,&quot; (arguably  the best Eminem song to date.) The emotion is so real- you hear his voice  crack as he screams and cries- had it not been for him doing the female  part as well, you'd almost think it actually happened!  Eminem's skills are  unmatched and his poetry more impressive than anything I've ever heard. He  has tamed the English language and made it work for him in ways that no one  else has. It's almost sad that so much of the world can't appreciate his  talents enough to take him seriously- not that HE cares at all!
0792846303|5.0|OK, no one is ever going to claim that this John Carpenter effort is a really great movie, so why did I give it 5 stars?  Well, I have loved this picture ever since I saw it on TV when I was 12 years old. I even have the  long-out-of print novelization of the script by horror schlockmeister  Dennis Etchison (it's quite readable, by the way).  Dramatically, THE FOG  is nowhere near Carpenter's HALLOWEEN or THE THING: the characters are  total stock, the monster makeups are kind of cheesy, and you can see the  shock cuts coming from a mile away.  So why do I like this picture so much?   First, the cast is a treat for all  horror fans: Adrienne Barbeau shines  as sexy DJ Stevie Wayne, Jamie Lee Curtis is splendid as always, Hal  Holbrook overacts delightfully as Reverend Malone, and Nancy Loomis  wisecracks her way through an underwritten role.  (A well-preserved Janet  Leigh also appears as Kathy Williams.  This is the only film in which Jamie  Lee Curtis and her mother have co-starred.) Second:  Carpenter is a superb  visual stylist and his compositional abilities are everywhere apparent in  this film; indeed several sequences are so suspenseful and atmospheric that  they approach Hitchcock (the opening scenes on a doomed boat, the credit  sequence; in which all a manner of objects move of their own accord, and  the beautifully photographed journey of Adrienne Barbeau to the lighthouse  where she will be endangered first come to mind).  Third: the soundtrack  for this film is excellent - eerie and tension-creating, it uses subtle  electronic music and the natural sounds of the region such as foghorns and  waves to evoke a mood of isolation and dread.  Finally, the film is  genuinely disturbing; several other reviewers have used the word  &quot;creepy&quot; and I concur wholeheartedly.  This is a scary ghost  story that lets you think about what you are seeing instead of overwhelming  you with grue.  THE FOG is a subtle, underrated minor masterpiece for those  who like a little shiver late at night, in the dark.  I'm thrilled that a  new version is being released, as my copy of the original tape is nearly 15  years old and is getting worn out!
B000003C5C|5.0|Don't be fooled by the above review from &quot;a music fan from UK&quot;.  When I first picked up this album back in 1988, my whole world was changed and an appreciation for speed-metal developed. It definately deserves all 5  stars.  Personally, I feel Death's latest releases have yet to surpass  Leprosy.  I found the music style on this CD simliar to the above mentioned  bands that the UK music fan pointed out, like Entombed.  However, Leprosy  possess more than just that raw, speed-metal, head-crushing sound.  The  rythms, riffs, and breaks in each song, especially &quot;Open Casket&quot;,  are delivered with intelligence that is rarely found with other speed-metal  bands.  This is definately a must have!
B000002USN|5.0|I think &quot;Duets&quot; was a great idea.This is the first Frank Sinatra record I've ever bought,and I wasen't dissapointed. How could I not buy a record that has Carly Simon,Barbra Streisand,Liza Minneilli,Bono,and so  many other great Artist ever put together to honor the legend,Frank  Sinatra. My favorite Sinatra song has always been,&quot;I've got you under  my Skin.&quot; The way Bono sings this one with Frank brings new life to  this classic.I love the video, and can't understand why it wasen't a top 10  hit.Carly Simon sounds great with &quot;In the Wee Small hours of the  morning.&quot; This was  a hit  for Carly also.The best duet on the CD is  Frank and Liza singing,&quot;I've got the world on a string.&quot; You can  tell these two performers worked together for years after hearing this  number.For Frank Sinatra to record this album,at the age of 78,is  remarkable.I have been thing lately of buying some more of Frank's  recordings.After I bought Carly Simon's &quot;Film Noir,&quot; and  played&quot;I'm a fool to want you,&quot; the best cut on the CD,I was  suprised Frank wrote this Classic. I have alot more repect for Frank  Sinatra knowing he's a wonderfull songwriter also.
B0000004V2|5.0|The Stone Roses made only one good album, but what a great album it is!  Imagine if Beatles of 1964 were reincarnated twenty-five years later.  That's how good this album is.  The songwriting is absolutely first rate.  The Roses have what could be called a &quot;modern rock&quot; sound and  just enough of a snotty atitude to give their songs some bite.  One song,  &quot;Elizabeth My Dear,&quot; concerns the assassination of the Queen.  Another is actually called &quot;I am the Resurrection.&quot;  Clearly, the  lads do not lack self-confidence, or talent.  Their anthology albums are  either redundant or water this album's greatness down with tracks from the  band's mediocre second album.  Go with this one, one of the best rock  albums of the late 1980s, instead.
B000031WD9|3.0|I know I will get bad reviews for this but I actually didn't like the first one...  This one was just the same as the rated version just one second more of nudity!  For that reason its better than the first - but not  by much.  If you were going to buy the rated or the unrated - go for the  rated (it costs less)...
B000002KH3|5.0|Well, the title says it all. Van Halen 1 is simply the best album ever recorded. Every song on this album is amazing. The band is in top form. Eddie Van Halen quite possibly the best guitarist to ever live, the rhythm  section is amazing Alex Van Halen and Michael Anthony are a solid combo.  Last but not least Diamond Dave aka David Lee Roth is amazing. He  symbolizes everything cool about rock and roll. While he may not have the  best voice in the world it's all his own. His voice is very powerful on  songs like On Fire, Runnin with the Devil, and his signature song Ice Cream  Man. Van Halen also gives an amazing makeover to the classic Kinks song,  You Really Got Me. Jamie's Cryin' and Feel Your Love Tonight are also  amazing. I don't know what else to say but that there's no filler on the  album at all. Eddie truly shines on I'm the One, Atomic Punk, and of course  the classic solo/song Eruption. This album is essential weather you're a  Van Halen fan or not. I suggest all first time listeners to get this album  before anything else. This is where it all started and 22 years after it's  original release this album is still the greatest thing to happen to music,  nothing has ever equaled it and nothing ever will.
B0000296SI|5.0|Trust me when I say that this album is the best.  I have been a huge fan of Blink for years and have seen them live 4 times.  This albulm, along with the other 3, is for everyone.  It would make an older crowd feel  young, a younger crowd feel old and everyone feel happy.  The lyrics on  this album are the ones you can scream out when you're driving or just  hanging out with your friends.  This is a really fun band and I recommend  checking them out. By the way...YOU GUYS WERE AWESOME AT JONES BEACH!
B000002H33|5.0|When Metallica was recording Master of Puppets little did they know that they were recording a masterpiece. From the opening acoustic chords of Battery to the end of Damage Inc. There is no filler on this album at all.  I'd hope not being that it's so short. I personally think that it's an  album of classics. Even the instrumental Orion is amazing. Cliff's solo is  amazing. The album is also sad because it's Cliff's last album. The band is  in top form on the album. Kirk Hammett's guitar playing is smokin' as  always, James Hetfield is also an amazing rhythm guitar player just listen  to Damage Inc., Lars is an amazing drummer, and Cliff's talent was unreal.  I suggest this album to everyone. This is essential album for any metal  fan.
158234082X|4.0|The first 253 pages of &quot;Kitchen Confidential&quot; would certainly give one pause before ever choosing to dine out again.  Author-Chef Anthony Bourdain describes the professional kitchen as a collection of drunks,  derelicts and drug addicts the likes with which you would never want to  have a close encounter.  And as chef de cuisine of Brasserie Les Halles in  New York, you'd certainly think he'd know.  But on page 254, Bourdain  begins to show the other side of the street by describing the kitchen of  chef Scott Bryan at Veritas, an upscale restaurant down the street from Les  Halles.  In this comparison the ultimate lessons are revealed, and what had  been up to that point just an amusing 'tell all' book, becomes something  considerably more.  We learn that Bourdain's world is one of his own  choosing, and other chefs at other restaurants can be very different.   While Bourdain was propelled thru his early years by drugs and alcohol,  Bryan was more serious.  While Bourdain reached for the top right out of  school and ultimately fell on his face, Bryan carefully refined his craft  by working in the kitchens of one expert chef after another.  For Bourdain  it's about the pace of life leading a hectic restaurant kitchen; for Bryan  it's all about the food.  The lessons come together in the penultimate  chapter entitled &quot;So You Want to Be a Chef?&quot;, which spells out  the rules for kitchen success as clearly and as vividly and any would-be  chef would want.  This chapter along with Michael Ruhlman's &quot;The  Making of a Chef&quot; (ISPN 0805061738) should be required reading before  any student begins Day 1 at culinary school.  The rest of us might just  want to chose our restaurants more carefully.  Oh, yes...and avoid the fish  on a Monday.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Brave New World, the highly anticipated new Iron Maiden album, featuring the return of Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith. As an Iron Maiden fan I was overjoyed when the release date was set for this album. I bought it the  first day it was released. It was not at all what I expected. It's not a  bad album but I expected Maiden to record an album more to the style of  their masterpieces Powerslave, Piece of Mind, or Seventh Son of a Seventh  Son. BNW however is better than the last 4 Maiden albums so that is a good  thing. The album opens with The Wicker Man, the first single. That song is  an amazing rocker that is in the style of Aces High and 2 Minutes to  Midnight. The next song Ghost of the Navigator is an epic style song in the  style of Rime of the Ancient Mariner but there really is no comparison. The  title track is one of the high points of the album along with Dream of  Mirrors, The Mercenary, and possibly the best song on the album, Blood  Brothers. The album is full of old school metal songs such as The Fallen  Angel, The Thin Line Between Love and Hate, and as I previously mentioned  The Wicker Man. Bruce Dickinson's voice is still amazing and the band as  musicians are in top form. The return of Adrian did wonders for the band.  All in all BNW isn't a total dissapointment. It's an essential album for  Maiden fans who will appreciate the return of Bruce and Adrian but for  first time listeners I suggest Powerslave, Piece of Mind, Seventh Son of A  Seventh Son, or The Number of the Beast.
B00003CWPR|5.0|I'm not sure what I was expecting when went to see this in the theaters... but it was something like &quot;Six and half Weeks&quot; meets &quot;The Shining.&quot; I was wrong. The movie is very very Kubrick... slow, sticky  scenes that last just long enough to make you dreadfully uncomfortable,  music that is perfectly married to each scene and stark, surreal lighting  that's part fantasy, part cold reality.<br />This is a film about fidelity,  fantasy and the reality of marriage compared to the illusion of lust and  infidelity... the strength of marriage versus the weaknesses of lust....  good versus evil.... loyalty versus abandonment.<br />There's really not much  I can say without ruining the story... but this is a finely made film. Well  thought out, haunting, unforgettable.<br />I've heard a lot of people  commenting on this movie without having seen it... guessing from the  previews that it's just a sex flick... this is not the case. If your jaw is  not hanging open, you'll be sitting on the edge of your seat during most of  this film.<br />The DVD has TV spots, the theatrical trailer and interviews  with Cruise, Kidman and Steven Spielberg. If you liked &quot;2001: A Space  Odyssey&quot; and &quot;The Shining&quot; as much for the direction by  Kubrick as you did for the story this film will not be a disappointment.  Kubrick's hand is more than evident in this film, just like you can tell a  Renoir from a Van Gogh... you can tell when Kubrick has been behind a piece  of film.
B000002LPD|3.0|For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge is without a doubt the worst Van Halen album. I really don't mean that in a bad way. The worst Van Halen album is a hell of a lot better then some bands best albums. There are a few great  songs and a bunch of filler. Poundcake, Runaround, Top of the World,  Judgement Day, and Right Now are the high points of the album and some of  the best material recorded during the Hagar period of the band. I still  reccommend this album to anyone who likes great music but Van Halen has so  many other amazing albums that should definately be bought before this one  such as any Dave era album, 5150, Balance, and VH3. Thats no misprint VH3  is one the best Van Halen albums ever. I would however suggest staying away  from the live album.
B00000K19E|5.0|I saw this in the theater with a friend of mine... we had both agreed that the trailers looked pretty cool, but we weren't expecting anything but a few special effects.<br />WOW!<br />Were we ever in for a surprise. This film  totally surpassed my wildest expectations and hopes for an incredible  visual, intellectual and thrilling experience.<br />This movie has the most  incredible special effects you've ever seen... but special effects are  absolutely worthless without a story to back them up and actors that are  convincing enough to make the effects believable. The story is unlike any  you've heard before, but I can't tell much w/o revealing important parts of  the plot... but suffice to say, you will have this film and story on your  mind for several weeks after watching it as it will be hard to get some of  these concepts out of your mind.<br />I have this on DVD and I have watched  the movie at least 20 times at home. It is easily watchable over and over  again. This DVD is feature packed! The cast/crew commentary is enlightening  and the behind-the-scenes featurette shows you how the cast trained and  prepared for 9 months before they even started shooting. Built-in  interactivity allows you to set up the DVD via your remote so that a white  rabbit (&quot;Alice in Wonderland&quot; reference) blinks on the screen...  you click when you see it and you get to see how the special effects were  created in the exact scene you're watching.  For DVD-ROM players on a  Windows computer, you can view storyboards, the screenplay, games and more,  but sadly, these special DVD-ROM features are not available on the  Macintosh platform. Nonetheless, the movie is watchable on a Mac and the  DVD is still feature-packed when viewed on a standard DVD player.<br />This  movie is not &quot;Speed&quot; or &quot;Bill &amp; Ted's Excellent  Adventure&quot; in space or anything... it is a great concept and story...  and non-stop action. Some movies seem cool at first blush, but when you  start thinking about them after the fact, you start realizing all the holes  in the plot and all the improbabilities. This does not happen with  &quot;The Matrix. &quot; It is an extremely well-thought-out story that  will keep you thinking long after you've seen it.<br />The question the  trailer asks you is, &quot;What is the Matrix?&quot; The movie answers this  question.<br />Believe the hype... this movie will blow you away!en you  start thinking about them after the fact, you start realizing all the holes  in the plot and all the improbabilities. This does not happen with  &quot;The Matrix. &quot; It is an extremely well-thought-out story that  will keep you thinking long after you've seen it. <br />The question the  trailer asks you is, &quot;What is the Matrix?&quot; The movie answers this  question. <br />Believe the hype... this movie will blow you away!
B00004RFCM|4.0|Carrie Bradshaw, S&amp;TC's narrator and main character, is reasonably hip and thoughtful, even if she's not what she thinks she is: the Cole Porter of sex columnists. Her most annoying habit (and one she apparently gets  paid enough for to do no other work) is generalizing about New York and its  denizens and telling the uninitiated just how wacky things are there -- the  irony of which is that she and her cohorts would be far happier if they  just got married and moved to Idaho. They're not really in love with New  York so much as they're in love with the idea of being in love with New  York. In their world, it's somehow de rigeur to be in love with the idea of  New York, even if the reality of it - especially when it comes to sex and  relationships - kicks these girls in the gut every single time. They're  also in love with some nonexistent version of themselves that only they can  see in which they are glamorous and enlightened urban women. The reality is  grimmer. At its worst, Sex and The City is self-absorption and platitudes  masquerading as wit and social commentary, and unfortunately, you see a lot  of the series at its worst in these initial episodes. It took a while for  S&amp;TC to hit its stride. Once it did, it became pretty darn good  TV.<br />These days, S&amp;TC is one of the best things on TV, and the seeds  of that can be seen in the first season's episodes. While the show fails to  deliver on its premise of risque content and urban insight, what it does  provide is the stuff that all good sitcoms are made of: likable, recurring  characters in goofy situations. (When they run out of ideas, maybe they can  have Carrie and Samantha doing temp work at the conveyor belt of an adult  toys factory, or show them on vacation at a Sonoma Valley nudist resort --  stomping on grapes au naturel.) That's because Sex and the City really has  a lot more in common with I Love Lucy, or The Mary Tyler Moore Show, or  Seinfeld, Friends or any other mainstream sitcom than it does with  Penthouse Forum or Erica Jong's novels or anything by the Marquis de Sade.  (Valerie Harper -- Rhoda -- even guested as Parker's boyfriend's mother in  one episode, and for a moment, I thought I was watching Nick at Night.) The  characters may be shallow, but they all manage to get mileage from the  superficial and even to make us care about them. Like all good TV  characters, they feel like friends: Parker's Carrie Bradshaw, the ponderous  if not exactly brilliant beauty queen with a big nose; Kim Cattrall's  Samantha Jones, a sexual jaguar still having fun at 44; Cynthia Nixon's  Miranda Hobbes, who shows that being wretchedly uptight and getting a lot  of action are not mutually exclusive; and Kristin Davis's Charlotte York,  who's probably a lot savvier than her goody-goody goyish persona would have  it. <br />With their singular focus on themselves, the girls are all like  different versions of the same person, and maybe that's why, in their  totality, they manage to transcend their naval-gazing. It's a good formula  and it works, and one can easily see in this first season's progression of  episodes a movement from the merely trite and stilted to the trite,  stilted, and endearing. It's fun to watch.
6305205620|4.0|Well, the performance of the band on this live show was great. Video quality and sound quality of this title are above average, and the BASS is powerful. A good Live DVD when compared to other so-called live DVDs which  are not digitally remixed and only has PCM-Linear or Dolby 2-channel sound.  This title features Dolby 5.1 Digital surround and Multi-Angel. A good buy  for DVD buyers.
0316777722|4.0|This is the first book by David Sedaris that I have read and, for the most part, it was very funny.  During certain portions (I am ashamed to include one short scatological piece among them) I was laughing out loud.  Others  were very funny in a more &quot;dry&quot; sense.<br />The first portion of the  book is Sedaris' autobiography of growing up in a quirky family, dealing  with a not-too-successful speech therapist, and working (?) as an artist  and in other trades.  Next, he describes his stays in France at his  friend's house in the country and in Paris.  Anyone who has spent time in  France, and struggled with the French language, will be able to relate to  the humourous situations.<br />This is definitely a good book if you need some  chuckles and some loud laughs!
6305907145|4.0|I highly recommend this new adaptation of Mansfield Park. I know many hardcore Jane Austen fans have complained about it bitterly, but I liked it. Fanny Price is not my favorite Austen heroine. She is so horribly shy  and shrinking that I keep fighting an impulse to throw down the novel and  shake some life into her. Director Patricia Rozema has given her some life.  I like this Fanny! The movie is beautifully shot and intelligently  scripted. My only complaint is Rozema's emphasis of the slavery issue. It  was so obviously a personal issue with the director that it feels  artificially imposed upon the story. The idea that Fanny would come across  drawings of her uncle raping slaves in Antigua is preposterous to say the  least. But, other than that, I was very pleasantly surprised at how much I  enjoyed this movie and it sits proudly beside the other recent Austen  adaptations on my movie shelf.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Not since 'Somewhere in Time' has Maiden made such a progressive leap forward in their music writing.   While 'The Wickerman' is instantly recognizable as   a formula Maiden single (albeit their best since 'The  Wasted Years') for the most part this album, while following the classic  Maiden songwriting style, is refreshing and inspiring.  From the classic  and powerful 'Ghost of the Navigator' to the more modern, progressive sound  of the 'Silent Planet' this album is destined to be one of Maiden's best.   With songwriting shared by every member of the band, (including a  triumphant return by lead singer  Bruce Dickinson and guitarist Adrian  Smith,) the dedication and love of what these men have been doing for the  last 20 years shows in the strength of the album.  Metallica could learn a  thing or two from this band!  As Pulse magazine puts it &quot;metal needed  this album&quot;, so does every metal fan.
0451525892|3.0|Personally, I think that Sense and Senibility was a good book, but lacks the wit that was constantly present in Pride and Predjudice.<br />While there was conflict in Sense and Sensibility (both in the sister's jealousy and  the the scorn from their lovers later), Austen didn't allow her characters  to really address the conflict directly.  (For example, why didn't  Willoughby explain himself to Marianne, as opposed to using Elinor as a  go-between?)<br />While this may be the subtle temper which reflects Austen's  style, it also makes it more difficult for the reader to discern any true  sense of feeling.<br />The plot is &quot;okay&quot; - boy meets girl, boy and  girl fall in love, boy scorns girl. In Sense and Sensibility, it's done  twice, in parallel.  The only difference between one and the other is how  each girl copes with it.  But, from reading several of Austen's books, I've  found that plot development wasn't the author's strong suit.<br />Jane  Austen's real strength lies in character development.  Her major characters  are well developed and dynamic.  An interesting aspect of Sense and  Sensibility is how Elinor, the logical and practical sister became more  emotional, while the ever-feeling Marianne developed a more practical view  of her situation by the end of the book.<br />This isn't one I would recommend  for folks that have never read Jane Austen before (read Pride and  Predjudice first), but it is a book I would recommend it to anybody who  likes Jane Austen's style.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Countdown to Extinction was released 8 years ago and still sounds fresh even buy today's standards. By far, this is the best effort by Dave Mustaine and company.  This CD was the first release in which Megadeth  toned their sound down a little bit....(only slightly though), and the  first release that hit the big time.  There are so many great catchy songs  on this CD that you will end up singing along with: Symphony of  Destruction, This Was My Life, and Countdown to Extinction to name a few.   Musically, the guitars of Mustaine and Freidman are incredible.  The drum  work of Nick Menza is fantastic as is the bass guitar of Danny  Ellefson.<br />This is one CD that I never get tired of listening to. Its  heavy guitars, crashing drums and excellent vocals combined with well  composed songs makes this one Hard Rock / Heavy Metal release that should  be in everyone's collection.  It is upbeat, and it will get your adrenaline  pumping.  <br />This is an excellent CD!   Well worth the money spent!
B000002I2I|5.0|A lot of songs on this album you will love immediately if you are a Doors fan like &quot;Waiting for the Sun&quot; and &quot;Roadhouse Blues&quot; &quot;Queen of the Highway&quot; and &quot;Maggie McGill&quot; with it's  satisfying crescendo chorus.  &quot;Peace Frog&quot; is another undeniable  rock n roll song underlined with Morrison's dark poetry.  If I happened to  be a desert loner and I had an old car with an 8 track player I would bring  this album with me as I drove across the country.  That sounds odd but I  think you will understand if you listen to this album.
6304765231|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE MOVIES OF ALL TIME. I ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT. WITH THE EXCEPTION OF THE JESUS JOKE BRANDON TELLS, IT'S A PERFECT, I MEAN A PERFECT MOVIE. SUSPENSE, SATISFACTION, AND ACTION. ALEX PROYAS DID AN  OUTSTANDING JOB.
0553562355|1.0|This is, without a doubt, the worst commercially published novel I have ever read. The characters are wooden, the writing is stilted. The action flails around, going nowhere for long stretches.  Example of the bad writing: The narrator's voice in the  novel (third person omniscient) tells us about one of the characters, that  she was &quot;fourteen, going on twenty.&quot; Now mind you, I don't mean  that a character said that in dialogue. The NARRATION said that. Using  hackneyed cliche's like that is what I call bad writing. I can't believe  that this book is still in print and was actually made into a movie! Spare  yourself!
B00000K19E|3.0|I SAT DOWN IN FRONT OF MY TV ANTICIPATING A GREAT FLICK, BUT GOT A B MOVIE. ALOT OF PEOPLE LIKE THIS MOVIE, AND THATS COOL. I GUESS I JUST EXPECTED MORE. I MEAN THEY SAID &quot;HES THE ONE&quot; ONE TOO MANY TIMES.  KEANU IS COOL, YES, BUT ALOT OF THE CHARACTERS WERE CORNY AS HECK, LIKE THE  ORACLE. CAN I HAVE MY EGGS SUNNYSIDE UP ORACLE?
B00003CWLF|4.0|I have and have watched both Anna and the King of Siam, with Irene Dunn and Rex Harrison and The King and I, with Deborah Kerr and Yul Brenner.  Enjoying both of these movies over the years I wasn't very enthusiastic  about seeing Anna and the King as I felt that a third remake of the same  story could not measure up. I was pleasantly surprised to find that Anna  and the King not only measured up but surpassed all my expectations. To me  it seemed more realistic, as far as character portrayals and I just felt  that it was closer to the actual relationship of the two main characters.  Jodi Foster, as always gave an excellent portrayal of the hardships of a  woman in that period with the task she faced and Chow Yun-Fat, though not  as handsome as the previous portrayers of the King was more believable -  thouroughly enjoyable!
6305903182|3.0|THE ORIGINAL SCREAM WAS PRETTY ENTERTAINING, CONSIDERING IM NOT A HORROR FAN. SCREAM 2 CARRIED IT VERY VERY WELL. UNFORTUNEATLY SCREAM 3 DOES'NT DO THE SAME. IT WAS GREAT SEEING THE CHARACTERS ONE MORE TIME, BUT IT JUST  DID'NT HAVE THE FEEL OF THE FIRST 2 SCREAMS. ALTHOUGH I REALLY DID'NT LIKE  IT AS MUCH AS THE 1ST 2, I DON'T REGRET PURCHASING IT. I FEEL LIKE IT WAS  MADE MORE FOR QUICK PROFIT (NO DUH) THAN FOR QUALITY AND PROFIT.
B00000J7S8|5.0|Let's get to the point: Krall is phenomenal. Her breathy, easy delivery of standards like &quot;Let's Face the Music and Dance&quot; and &quot;Let's Fall in Love&quot; is a sheer delight to listen to. The arrangements make  everything familiar yet fresh, and her musicians do an excellent job of  maintaining the mood and feel of the pieces. This one is timeless - stop  reading this review and BUY IT NOW!
B00004T9UF|5.0|Well, Eminem comes off strong again, expressing himself fully in his new album, those who are weak in mind call him evil, and immoral, but i think if you feel that way about his music, don't listen to it! turn your radio  to weakling music!
B000000W3G|5.0|i think most of the singles from this boxset are as good as those from the albums,an alternative  sound from the normal pumpkins in which u can hera such a sweet sound like BLUE HEAVEN. JUST SWEET.
B0000027RL|5.0|if your so worried about if you would like this album or not, take it from me, you will like/love this album (or at least a few songs for some of you), and thats a guarantee, and if you don't like what your hearing give  it another 5-7 more time (yes, it takes that long) and you'll have a change  of mind.<br />all the song are...simplly great. once, even flow, alive, why  go, black, jeremy, oceans, porch,garden, deep, and release....PEARL JAM,  YOU GUYS ROCK.
B000002MJ0|5.0|so amny years,MVB is still one of the most innovative band   aheading a lot of contemporary bands,their music is gonna last forever young&amp; fresh~ b.t.w.ISN'T ANYTHING &amp; PSCHOCANDY are top 10 fav. albums of  billy corgan~~
1878424114|5.0|This book could also be called &quot;How To Be Happy&quot; b/c it lists in easy and quick detail how everyone can become happy and content, whether this means material wealth to you or spiritual wealth. And if you read this  book and follow it, you will achieve both desires and more, whatever you  wish. A quick, fun and insightful read, it will become quite dog-eared from  constant reference. :) Enjoy it! It opened quite a few new worlds of  insight for me.
B000000W6F|4.0|the lingers of the songs like SUFFER, RHINOCEROS have such a tension which can draw u to a extremely ease of mind.&amp; the ending track in which billy sings &quot;i'm going crazy........i have gone&quot; is a classic.
B00003CXFU|5.0|I think that almost everyone is familiar with this film version of how Erin Brokovitch took on a large corporation that had knowingly polluted the water supply of a small town, and through their intentional cover-up had  adversely affected the health of almost everyone in that town.  This is a  true life David and Goliath story.  Only, in this case, &quot;David's&quot;  weapons were chutzpa, perseverance, cleavage, and a big dose of commitment  to something she believed in, instead of a sling and a stone.<br />Brokovitch  was no dummy.  To the contrary, as portrayed by Julie Roberts, she was  bright, articulate (if a little earthy), and always aware of her impact on  people.  She had a natural empathy that people could feel.  Consequently  they liked her and responded to her.  This applies, from what I've read, to  the real life Brokovitch, and certainly to the screen Brokovitch.  I also  understand that Julie Roberts' manner of dressing was, if anything, toned  down a bit from that of the real life Erin Brokovitch.  For those who found  Roberts' attire distracting, I wonder how you would have responded to the  real Erin.<br />Albert Finney played her boss, a moderately successful  &quot;shirt-sleeve&quot; attorney who had a lot to lose if the lawsuit went  awry.  He gave this role just the right blend of wit, concern, fear, anger,  and elation.  He's the attorney that we'd all like to find.<br />I found this  movie to be entertaining, well acted, and satisfying.
B000000WA4|5.0|just like a prolonged version of siamese dream with more sentimental &amp; sweet feelings, want  noise?here comes [zero] want ballard?here comes [beautiful]. it's a total loss if u still haven't checked it out.
B00000I07P|5.0|At least not medicine that I would make a face at taking.   I think Bon Jovi was the first group that I ever screamed over as a little girl.  My brother managed to get &quot;Living on a Prayer&quot; off the radio and  onto tape, and I would always beg him to let me borrow it...even paying him  a quarter for two listens of the song. When I saved up enough allowance, I  ran out to J&amp;R Music World and bought the album.  &quot;Living on a  Prayer&quot; to me is not the best song on the album, but everything the  tunes and riffs promised were there.      &quot;Never Say Goodbye&quot; is  what I imagine would be the ultimate, and I mean THE ULTIMATE prom song.   And even though I didn't go to my high school prom because my boyfriend was  in a different state, I'm glad I didn't ruin my image of a prom; the DJs  probably would have played the Backstreet Boys or *NSync.  I don't think  many of the groups (not bands...because bands have members that play  instruments) these days actually feel the lyrics or music the way Bon Jovi  and other bands in the past have.  They just are smart enough to know what  teenyboppers like and give them what they want.     This is a must have  album for people who are diehard Bon Jovi fans.  Even if you're not a Bon  Jovi fan, most of the songs are nostalgic making, and will make you smile  even in your lowest lows.     Granted, I'm not even 20 yet, but I know that  I've heard enough songs and albums in my life to say that this Bon Jovi  album will defintely be on my all-time 20 best songs list.
B000000WJZ|5.0|when people just turned their attention to NIRVANA's never mind,they missed out an album which is a true legend in 90s',not because of the new sound they're having like OK COMPUTER or ODELAY but because of its soul  &amp; power &amp; love which grow deep inside yr mind &amp; last forvever  ever since!
B00004R99U|4.0|This DVD has been available since 1999 in the UK (DVD Region 2).  Given that it's a sequel there is very little to critisize it from technical view point.  <br />The quality of the animation is up to the usual high Disney  standards, the voices are excellent and music solid (if not particularly  memorable),  fare for the musical interludes.  <br />Historically, there is  nothing to be said that hasn't already been said about an original, suffice  to say that it's a fictional work based loosely on some historical  characters.  <br />The greatest disappointment though is, in my own opinion,  the lack of that creative spark that lifts the feature from being  entertainment for children (which it certainly is) to being well rounded  family entertainment.  The plot is simple and well developed but  nevertheless predictable and weighed down more than it need be by unsubtle  political correctness and morality lessons that hinder the story's pace.   <br />Overall, it's very good children's entertainment but I would hesitate to  call it a family movie because I doubt it would gauge the attention of many  adults for the full hour and a quarter.
B000000W6R|4.0|i dun know it's an b-side album at first since  all the songs are so great. my fav. is LANDSLIDE &amp; i think somehow [FITTER HAPPIER] by RADIOHEAD has a lot of common with [SPACED....] in this album.
B000002LND|5.0|I am a huge fan of Madonna and have all of her CDs - this one is my favorite!  Every song is great and most have been VERY successful, even reaching number 1.  For years I have enjoyed this CD and never get tired of  listening to it again and again.  I would strongly recommend this album!
B000006NPY|5.0|i wiped at the very first time i listened to ADORE,i was just very touched by the beautiful &amp; magical voice of billy. BLANK PAGE is my fav.&amp; the sound never leave my  mind. ADORE should never be underated.
B00004TDTO|4.0|This film is great, but parents need to be concerned about the films original PG rating. This film should be rated R due to some bloody shark attacks. If they ever released this film in theaters again, the rating  would have to be changed. It wouldn't even work for a PG-13 because that  level is supposed to have bloodless dying.the Mpaa is messed up  anyway..lol..good film to add to your library, just remember...it should be  rated R
B000002J6F|5.0|If you really enjoy listening to Stephen Stills play guitar, this is the best CD.  The variety of styles is wonderful; acoustic or electric, the range is fabulous.  And you get more value per song in this CD than any  other I've heard.  Since it's release I have purchased it four times; the  vinyl, the eight-track, the cassette and the CD!  The remastered CD is a  joy to listen to.  Stills thrives in the company of the Manassas band;  Chris Hillman is his partner on this album.  The CD takes me right back to  the Manassas concert I attended in Chicago in the 70's.  The only down side  is trying to understand what he's singing (sometimes), but this is one  great CD!
0062502182|4.0|&quot;No matter what he does, every person on earth plays a central role in the history of the world. And normally, he doesn't know it.&quot;  With lines like this throughout the book, it makes very spiritual reading.  It  made me think about what my life dream is, what my &quot;Personal  Legend&quot; is suppose to be and how I am to know it when, and if it ever  comes to me. The book seems to over simplify things like this.  The young  boy learns what his life dream or Personal Legend is literally in a  recurring dream and then it is confirmed by meeting various people who  clearly are &quot;messengers from God&quot;.  I don't think you have to be  religious to enjoy this book but it clearly mirors the New Testemant and  the teachings of Jesus.  But in the end, the hunt for his  &quot;treasurer&quot; is material in nature, gold, jewels, etc. and this  seems to be an ending at odds with much of the body of the book.  I also  didn't get into the magical portion of the book, turning into the wind, for  example.  However, in the age of Harry Potter, this might be a very  attractive book for young readers.<br />It's a quick read and I found myself  really thinking about some of the lines, even underlining many.  Well worth  the time and effort.
6305807043|5.0|Writer Charlie Kaufman, director Spike Jonze and a superb cast team up to deliver one of the most original, highly imaginative and clever films to come our way in a long time:  \\"Being John Malkovich,\\" starring John Cusack,  Cameron Diaz, Catherine Keener and John Malkovich is the story of  out-of-work puppeteer Craig Schwartz (Cusack), who has a real talent for  manipulating the strings of his marionettes, but unfortunately, his is a  vocation not exactly in demand.  And when he has to take a temporary job to  support his wife, Lotte (Diaz), it's the beginning of a bizarre interlude  that will ultimately take him, and a few others as well, into a realm  beyond the known.  Soon the question is, who is really pulling and  controlling the strings of whom?  Jonze has taken Kaufman's unique  screenplay, which is witty, humorous and totally engrossing, and made an  ingenious movie; in fact, there's never been anything quite like it.  It is  distinct and filled with nuance and subtle shades of humor, sometimes dark,  sometimes hilarious, but riveting throughout.  And the performances are  absolutely first rate all around.  Keener deservedly got the Oscar nod for  Best Supporting Actress, but Cusack, Diaz and Malkovich are also exemplary  here.  Cusack comes through with one of the best characters he's ever done;  there's an edgy, quiet intelligence to Craig, a Bohemian at heart, who is  reserved, generally takes things as they come, and exudes a certain boyish  charm.  He also has an apartment full of pets (snakes, birds and a chimp).   Diaz, taking on a decidedly unglamorous role, is terrific as Lotte, who is  somewhat unremarkable and works as a pet shop clerk.  It's a great  character part, and Diaz plays it for all it's worth, connecting with the  audience while ably conveying Lotte's sense of confusion and repressed  yearnings.   Malkovich (as himself) is the icing on the cake; he plays it  straight, with a finesse and distinction that makes the unbelievable  somehowcredible, while lending an easy, natural flow to the innate humor  of the story.  The \\"Malkovich, Malkovich,\\" sequence, and his rendition of  the \\"puppet's dance\\" are unforgettable scenes.  But character actor Orson  Bean (with his creation of the wry Dr. Lester), nearly steals the show with  a truly memorable performance; the scene in which he interviews  job-applicant Craig is classic.    The supporting cast includes Mary  Kay Place (absolutely hysterical as Floris), Charlie Sheen (Charlie),  Carlos Jacott (Larry), Willie Garson (Guy in restaurant) and Byrne Piven  (Captain Mertin).  \\"Being John Malkovich\\" is a movie that is an experience  in itself, and Jonze and his entire cast should be given a standing ovation  for bringing this one to life, for making it breathe.  It's the kind of  film you wait for to come along, but rarely does, and it demands to be seen  more than once; for when you've tasted such nectar as this, you simply have  to go back for more.
B000031XCR|4.0|All the Way...A Decade of Song is a pretty good collection of old and new songs such as &quot;it's All Coming Back To Me&quot;,&quot;Power of Love&quot;,and &quot;That's the Way It Is.&quot; There are a couple of  songs in the old section that I don't even remember. This should have  included &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot;,and &quot;All By  Myself.&quot; The track &quot;Love Can Move Mountains&quot;,should have  been replaced with one of these.
B0000203YT|2.0|people's love of this movie! I must have many cultural blind spots or just bad taste in movies.. gosh, who knows... what I think of the movie is that very few movies have bored me more than this one! granted, I know precious  little about Shakespeare so I guess I missed many of the jokes that the  'sophisticated' people loved so much.. I remember sitting in the movie  theater surrounded by aspiring intellectuals laughing almost all the way  through it... I don't remember a genuine laugh coming from me...however, I  think I've been known in the past to have a sense of humor, lest anyone  thinks I'm just a bore... movie seemed to be quite convoluted and I've seen  many movies much more romantic and clever than this one, but like I wrote  above, I am probably culturally illiterate and remain simply an ignorant  simpleton... I'm glad you intellectuals enjoyed it. (no sarcasm of course)
B0000057C5|4.0|I never thought I'd ever get into techno-industrial tunes, so I was rather surprised by how much I enjoyed listening to 'Sensucht'. And even though each song sounded somewhat the same as its lyrical companions, it's one of  those few albums where I love every note, from start to finish. Most of the  tracks on this album sound somewhat paramilitary, like war chants. And I  love the German lyrics- it gives each cut a harsh, authoritarian feel. So  needless to say, it's the perfect CD to listen to when I play my favorite  ultra-violent PC games like 'Doom' and 'Quake'.<br />My only gripe about  'Sensucht' concerns the unlisted bonus tracks. Apparently, the extra tunes  are different from CD to CD. Mine has two extra tracks, the  English-language renditions of 'Du Hast' and 'Engel'. I know someone else  who has just one bonus song, 'Stripped'. And aside from listening to the CD  itself, there's no way to tell which bonus tracks you're going to  get...your guess is as good as anybody else's.<br />'Late...
6304711875|1.0|ok everybody likes scream, but this is a bad bad movie! there is no plot, no scares ,everybody said it was the scariest movie ever made but i almost fell alsleep and found my box of popcorn more exciting than this.then hardcore scream fans defend this by saying its not a horror movie if it  isnt then why is it in the horror section in my local video store, why do  85% of scream fans say its a horror movie? why does wes say its a horror  movie? and the script tries to be witty, but its witty to maybe a 4 year  old i am 14 years old its target age group and  i hate it! dont by this Buy  Suspiria instead! so if u like dumb actors bad scares with sudden loud  noises {the cheap way} and a killer u can guess even though they try so  damned hard to make u think he is not the killer then by all means buy it.  but if can see though the hype and good reviews then save your money for a  better movie
B00004NRWH|4.0|With 3 Doors Down's &quot;Kryptonite&quot; and Nickelback's &quot;Leader of Men&quot;, there are finally two great rock songs on the chart for the first time since about 1994. <br /> Leader of Men is just classic driving hard  rock.  It's about getting high, but its also about making choices.  When  Nickelback says, &quot;I'm not a leader of men since I prefer to  follow&quot;, it's obvious the group fears peer pressure driving a person  to drugs.  <br /> The opening song on the CD really clicked for me. Lead  singer Chad Kroeger says half the song is about Stalin and Churchill  walking together and the other half is about a deteriorating relationship.   The question why he would mix those topics together comes up to the  listener.  After a few listens though, it starts to fit together.  The song  rocks too hard to bother with the lyrics anyway.  Most of the album is like  that.  From the opening Breathe to the closing songs, Not Leavin' Yet and  Hold Out Your Hand, Nickelback pumps adrenaline back into music.   <br />  While not quite Springsteen or even Ozzy Osborne lyrically, Chad Kroeger  does offer some insights into The State- of everything that goes on in the  listener's life.  As I leave for college, the lyric from Breathe, &quot;If  I could pack my life, I wanna know do you want me to go?&quot; is one that  really touches me.  The opening line of &quot;Leader of Men&quot; also  touches me, &quot;Tell your friends not to think out loud until they  swallow.&quot;   <br /> In all Nickelback created a canvass with this album  that contains so many images from all people's lives.  It's for you to  discover, buy this album.
6305451591|3.0|\\"Life is Beautiful\\" is a superb film in many ways. Roberto Benigni is a brilliant comic actor and is certainly at the top of his game in this movie. Some scenes such as his impersonation of the fascist lecturer in the  Italian primary school are outstanding. In this scene, Benigni has posed as  the lecturer in order to get close to the teacher he is in love with.  Unfortunately before Benigni can approach her, he is asked to give the  students a lecture on Aryan racial superiority. So in a moment of genius  the swarthy, dark-haired Benigni strips down to his boxer shorts and  demonstrates his \\"perfect Aryan features\\".<br />While I enjoyed the comic  genius of the film, I was deeply disturbed by its fictitious, understated  portrayal of the Nazi death camp. Anyone who has encountered documentary  footage and source material from the holocaust can see staggering contrasts  between the fictional death camp in \\"Life is Beautiful\\" and the real thing.  For example, real death camp prisoners would never have been as healthy  looking and well fed when disembarking from the cattle cars as the ones in  \\"Life is Beautiful\\". They would have been greeted with beatings, killings  and an instant sense of what the place was all about. If the child, Joshua  had survived for more than a few hours (which was almost impossible) he  would have been under no illusion about what kind of place he was in. If  you don't believe me then read the accounts of Elie Weisel and other  youthful survivors of the death camp. What life people clung to in such  places was brutal. The horror was so total and so pervasive that even a  genius like Roberto Benigni would never have successfully convinced his son  that the whole thing was a game.<br />Does this make \\"Life is Beautiful\\" a bad  movie? Well, it does and it doesn't. The dramatic quality of the film is  superb. Unfortunately, the only way the film was able to float its main  premise-that a loving father could fool his son into thinking that a deadly  situation was just a game-was to tone down the holocaust. This is a  terribly irresponsible thing to do for the sake of dramatic quality. There  are only a few things in life are too staggering and too important to be  molded into comic material, but genocide is certainly one of them.
0812550757|5.0|Very different from its predecessor, this novel has very little warfare or space action.  However, it is just as absorbing and suspenseful and probably the better of the two.  A story about redemption, forgiveness and  the power of love, this was a moving and well-written novel. This (with  Ender's Game right behind) is one of the best sci-fi books I have ever  read.
0767830555|4.0|After watching this movie, John Hinckley went out and tried to kill Ronald Reagan. This would indicate that &quot;Taxi Driver&quot; is a worthwhile movie. In more basic terms, however, the reason this is such a good movie  is because it shows how close the categories of &quot;hero&quot; and  &quot;psychopath&quot; are, and indeed, how close these categories are to  normal life.<br />Travis(Robert De Niro) is a young, lonely, slightly  obsessive taxi driver, who displays in the course of the movie, the two  main male passions - sexual love and fatherly love. The first of these is  directed towards a young professional, Betsy(Cybil Shepherd), a campaign  worker for a Presidential candidate; the second towards a child prostitute,  Iris acted by Jodie Foster.<br />the first of these passions brings him into  fleeting contact with the cold aloof world of US politics characterized by  empty sloganeering and an absence of policies. By actually meeting the  candidate, Palatine in his cab, Travis begins to instinctively realize the  connection between the messed up New York streets with their pushers and  prostitutes and the opportunism and cynicism of those who defile their  responsibility.<br />After being misunderstood and rejected by Betsy, these  vague political misgivings crystallize around his dented male pride and  lead him to plot the assassination of Palatine. As he prepares himself for  this, however, his paternal feelings are aroused by the plight of Iris, the  child prostitute, whom he resolves to rescue. Already living on the edge,  he decides that the best way to do this is by killing her pimp.<br />In his  mind these two goals become almost identical. Killing the apathetic.  patronizing politician, who is socially or politically responsible, and the  pimp, who is individually responsible for the abominations of modern city  life, like child prostitution, have little to separate them. Indeed, only  the candidate's security guards make the difference.<br />Foiled in his first  attempt, it is only the second of these goals that he manages to  accomplish. Ironically, the courage that would have had him damned as a  sociopath in the first case, allows him to become a hero in the second.<br />This film raises the question: Is someone who takes a gun and tries to  blow away a President or one of the other fakirs of the frenetic passivity  of ungovernment, a hero? The answer is probably yes.>Foiled in his first  attempt, it is only the second of these goals that he manages to  accomplish. Ironically, the courage that would have had him damned as a  sociopath in the first case, allows him to become a hero in the second.  <br />This film raises the question: Is someone who takes a gun and tries to  blow away a President or one of the other fakirs of the frenetic passivity  of ungovernment, a hero? The answer is probably yes.
B000002ADT|5.0|The one that turned me on to jazz and it's still my favorite.  Every piece is great.  It is truly timeless music and sounds as good today as anything out there.  Like most great music, it gets better every time you listen to  it and it never gets old.
B000002MY3|5.0|this was the first Cd I ever bought and was not a dissapointment. Having heard her tracks on the radio I bought this bby straight away. The songs are all pretty simple with a crisp drum beat and guitar and harmonica.  Angst is not the right word probably sympathetic lyrics or atleast  sympathetic for herself. It is an amazing album though perfect for coming  home on a friday afternoon and giving the world the big finger to. Explicit  lyrics. Huh?
B00001NFCY|5.0|A Great piece of work. Led Zeppelinish on What If. Vocals raw and evocative. Extremely talented band with lyrics that paint a more accurate and balanced view of humanity. Better than the debut in my opinion.  Believers and Non Believers will enjoy and ponder.
B00003CXDV|5.0|I would have never gone out of my way to see this movie, however after I saw it on an airplane, I immediately purchased  the DVD.  I am not a huge fan of Science Fiction and am certainly not a &quot;Trekkie&quot;, but you  don't have to be either to appreciate and enjoy this wonderful and very  clever movie about hero worshiping aliens who mistake TV actors as  legitimate space rangers.  That in itself is funny enough, but Galaxy Quest  takes the scenario even farther with wit, great special effects and fine  performances.   Especially Alan Rickman as Spock-like Dr. Lazarus, and  Enrico Colantoni as the lovable alien leader Mathesar.  Don't miss Galaxy  Quest.  It's a trip well worth the ride.
6302797586|5.0|I saw this film for the 1st and only time over 20 years ago,at the age of 16. At the time it was screened (over 2 nights,around midnight - Sat.&amp; Sun.),I was just 70 pages from the end of the novel itself. I did not wish  to ruin the end of the book by seeing the film first,but at the last  moment,thankfully,as I do not believe it has been screened since,switched  on the film. The combination of Anthony Hopkins' acting and Leon Uris'  writing made a very deep impression on my understanding of the atrocities  of WWII. This is  an excellent portrayal of events,and ought to be used as  an historical reference for all interested in our recent past. Why oh why I  ask is it,at least,not available for rental. It is a classic,and should be  more widely appreciated.
0345404475|5.0|There is little that I can say that would do more than echo the sentiments of other reviewers.  However, I would like to remark upon the amazing insight which PKD makes in this book by focusing on empathy as the defining  characteristic of the human state.  His depiction of a desolate and  disjointed humanity attempting to make a connection (any connection) with  the living world which they have despoiled by falling back once again on  technology (the mood organ, Mercerism and the electric sheep of the novel's  title) is brilliant.  As I read DADOES, I found myself reevaluating my own  humanity along with the protagonist.  Like much of PKD's work, DADOES  challenges our conceptions of reality.  You will not walk away from this  book unchanged.
B000002MJC|5.0|After the World Violation tour Dave Gahan decided to remain in America for an extended bender which was to almost cost him his life. Whilst the other members of the band returned to England to work on new material, Gahan  relocated to LA where he attempted to reinvent himself with the help of  grunge music and drugs.<br />The recording of this album was to prove  difficult. Dave Gahan was often too doped up to be able to perform his  vocal duties properly, and the subsequent tour led to Alan Wilder quitting  the band and Andrew Fletcher having a nervous breakdown. From this  atmosphere of tension, which saw their frontman descending into a personal  hell, Depeche Mode created their most spiritual album to date. <br />This is  Depeche Mode's most overtly religious album, with songs like \\"Judas\\", the  themes of sex and religion/sin that have preoccupied their previous albums  are explored the deepest here. \\"Condemnation\\" features a gospel choir. The  dark and sensual \\"In Your Room\\" feels like it belongs in a David Lynch  movie. \\"Get Right With Me\\" sees Gahan playing the part of preacher, once  again \\"spreading the news around the world\\". \\"One Caress\\" is a lush,  orchestral ballad sung by Martin Gore. \\"Rush\\" sees them rocking harder than  the have ever rocked before. And \\"Higher Love\\" is simply heavenly.<br />In  1987 they made music the masses, this time it was a more intimate affair.  Overall SOFAD is a dark and difficult album, borne out of pain, tension,  suffering, and ultimately love. This is the sound of Depeche Mode purging  themselves of their sins and seeking salvation and forgiveness for the  things they have done.
B00003CXGG|3.0|This film is definitely different for Jet Li, and new is always good, right?  Not necessarily.  This film was, I would say, decent, but in no way showcases the true skills of Li, as a film like Fist of Legend or even some  of the cheesier Chinese films such as Tai Chi Master and Once Upon a Time  In Chine.  The fights are over edited with cgi that kills the action.   Where wires, though fake, have a fluid beauty in movement, the cgi just  looks stupid, and obviously stupid at that. However, the film has some  style in the directing, decent amounts of action, and Jet and Aaliyah do  well together, though what romance there was felt rather tacked on. (But  then, who goes to a Jet Li movie for romance?). All in all, the movie has a  nifty plot (which usually happens when you borrow from someone like  Shakespeare), decent performances (I've always been a fan of Delroy Lindo),  and some good action. If you haven't seen much Jet Li be aware that this is  not representative of his style or ability.  However it is worth the  viewing.
B000009EAD|5.0|Iced Earth is a band that has always been known for their fan loyalty and this album is proof of that.  Nearly every other song is a ballad and like jewels they adorn this battle axe of an album.  but what really makes this  album so unique is that it breaks down the generally polylithic barriers of  metal and unites many of the different aspects of the music we all love:   John Schaffers guitar style has always had a thrash/speed sound to it and  yet the guitar harmonies thrown over these rythams will appeal more to the  fan of melodic metal.  The voacls are the exact same way.  This guy has the  most incredible voice I have ever heard; The breath taking range of the  power metal guys except with the bite that metallica fans will definitly  appreciate. Buy this album, you wont regret it.
0486408434|5.0|This book is definately one you should consider getting - whether you've never touched a deck before or you know a few card tricks, this book is great.<br />Even though this book was writtin in the 50's, it's content is  unbeatable - sometimes the words are outdated, but this book is DEEP.  You  will have a new respect for card conjuring after just reading the  Introduction, which is just as good as the rest of the book.<br />Great book -  you MUST READ it if you want to get anything out of it though -- don't just  skim through.
1573226521|5.0|I took this book with me on a recent vacation to southern Florida.  Once I began to read, I found it so engaging that for two days I chose to stay inside and devour it, all the while neglegting the calls of Florida's  actual beaches.  Garland writes with such honesty that I found it  incredibly easy to identify with the main character Richard, violent  hallucinations aside.  On the surface, &quot;The Beach&quot; is a thrilling  adventure novel, set in the mellow atmosphere of a remote island and  marijuana smoke.  Look deeper, and you find a parallel to Vietnam that  reminds me of the &quot;Heart of Darkness&quot; -&quot;Apocalypse  Now.&quot;  Most of all, this novel sparked within me a dangerous desire to  leave my normal life behind and set out on some crazy adventure to  Thailand.  If you're looking for a quick, exciting read with some deep  inner meaning, visit &quot;The Beach.&quot;
B000002UYZ|5.0|To all the boomers this music brings back all the memories of days gone by. If your a true boomer your are still living them.A timeless classic that will live on forever.
B00000JZIK|5.0|There is nothing I can say that hasn't already been mentioned in the previous reviews, except that you will get more out of this movie by purchasing it than renting it.  By that I mean it takes on a life of its  own once you get to the ending, and you'll want to see it again and share  it with friends.  Enjoy this, it is a rare treat and I hope you can  appreciate it for what it is, a clever, slick, mind exercising journey.
0425129586|5.0|There was a time when I loved to read Agatha Chistie. In those times her books meant everything to me, and I almost didn't read another author. In one year, I read 67 of her books. And believe me, among these 67, AN THEN  THERE WERE NONE is the best one.<br />  The plot is one of those you  don't find anymore on detective books. Ten people that don't know each  other hide something terrible of their past. They are invited to spend  sometime at a man's house - a man that no one know. And suddenly, one by  one, they are murdered in a very suspicious sometimes, sometimes terrible  and bloody way. Most of all, the ending is one of the best I've ever read.  Agatha Christie was really a wonderful writer. Her books will certainly  remain forever, since she is the Shakespeare of detective fiction. And this  book is for sure her best work. If you haven't read that one yet and you  enjoy Agatha's books, hurry up and take that one!<br />Marco Aurelio.
0440234743|4.0|Has John Grisham finally cut to the heart of the legal profession by asking the question 'what happens to a lawyer when he is put into a jungle'?  Nah...But it is very amusing to read about the trials and  tribulations of a burned-out, alcoholic former litigator who finds  spiritual renewal while struggiling with his affliction on his journey in  Brazil.  Grisham paints a delightful portrait of this undisturbed  wilderness and the legal issues portrayed are very interesting. <br />I did  have a few criticisms, though.  First, I disliked the portrayal of the  family.  In my opinion, Grisham wrote them primarily to act as thematic  devices rather then contributers to the central plot.  This process created  a slew of characters that were very flat embodiments of the stereotype for  rich potential beneficiaries (IE: greedy, financially incompetent and  socially inept).  Also, this is definately not Grisham's most scathing  courtroom drama.  It strays from his formula for using legal tribulations  to create dramatic prose in favor of providing a narrative of spiritual,  psychological and physical rebirth and renewal.<br />But the bottom line is  that it is enjoyable, and I would recommend it.
0780627032|5.0|This movie was awesome. Parts 3 and 5 are my favorite. Freddy Krueger is great and I've seen all of the movies over and over again. I even have parts 1,2, and 3. They're fantastic!
6305892946|5.0|People have been saying that it's not as scary as the earlier films and I would have to agree.  But only partially.  It's not jump and run because Ghostface might be behind you kinda fright.  A lot of it is qsychological.   I thought it was a very unpredictable discovery at the end that made it so  amazing because everything suddenly fit into place.  I especially think the  actors have gotten better and more comfortable in their roles since the  first one.  I thought the scared witless Sidney was interesting because you  hadn't seen her like that before.  I loved Gale and Dewey's constant  arguing too.  And lastly I loved the happy ending.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I don't really know what I can add here that  500+ other positive reviews haven't already said, but my fiancee and I have enjoyed this album so much since she bought it for me for Christmas, I feel compelled to add \\"a  little something.\\"<br />I have been an avid heavy metal enthusiast since  1978, and I have followed Metallica since 1983 (Kill 'em All). I am one of  these people who thinks their first five albums are great, but isn't crazy  about the direction they took starting with \\"Load,\\" although I  respect their artistic right to branch out in any direction they want, and  don't think it has anything to do with \\"selling out.\\" At the same  time, I have attended over 60 SFSO concerts in the last ten years, and  approximately 2/3 of my 4000 CD's are \\"classical.\\" So, while I  may have been more predisposed to the S&M project than some, I had my  doubts as to whether they could actually pull this off without it turning  out to be just a horrible curiosity, like some sort of fiery public  transportation accident. I thought that even if they could manage to come  up with effective orchestral arrangements for Metallica's songs, how would  they balance the band's wall of sound with the translucent textures of a  symphony orchestra without sending some poor sound engineer to a  sanitarium? Well, not only did they pull it off, but they did it with  surprising success.<br />First of all, let me say that the approach doesn't  work with every song. Some arrangements just come off sounding like string  ornamentation, and I didn't like most of the Load and Re-Load material  (although some of it actually sounds better with the orchestra), but there  are plenty of resounding successes on this album. Using an instrumental,  \\"Call of Ktulu,\\" as a \\"curtain-raiser,\\" to warm up the  audience to the fusion of sounds, was a brilliant stroke, and the  arrangement, with its \\"whooping\\" horns, make this song sound like  good suspense-thriller movie music. \\"Wherever I May Roam,\\" with  it'seastern modal flavor, immediately became a song that I almost like  even better with orchestral backing. The orchestral arrangement also added  menace to the ominous \\"Sad But True;\\" and the already weird and  cryptic \\"The Thing that Should Not Be,\\" was made even more eerie  by the addition of strings. These are the songs that I think are absolutely  transformed by the addition of an orchestra, and the arrangements were not  merely competent, but very good and effective.<br />Other highlights include,  \\"For Whom the Bell Tolls,\\" which is one of my very favorite  Metallica songs: I was skeptical as to whether an orchestra could add  anything to this song without taking away from its heavy atmosphere of  foreboding, but the string ostinatos actually added some effective tension.  \\"Master of Puppets\\" also worked surprisingly well, and was a good  choice for a raw and dramatic opener for the vocal portion of the  performance - to win over anyone who wasn't yet convinced that  \\"this\\" was going to work - with a Metallica standard, in  do-or-die fashion. \\"Outlaw,\\" whose pace was obviously already  suited for this type of treatment, took on an epic sweep, especially with  the horns; and, like it or not, \\"Nothing Else Matters,\\" became  quite moving, backed by a symphony orchestra. Songs like \\"One,\\"  and \\"Enter Sandman,\\" already seemed well-suited to orchestral  treatment, and came off very well in these arrangements. \\"Fuel\\"  was one \\"Load/Re\\" song which came off better here, and with even  more \\"fire,\\" than on the studio recording.<br />Anyway, I've rambled  enough. This is a really good album that exceeded expectations. I think  that even many non-metal fans will find this more than just a curiosity,  and most metal fans - except for the most jaded - will enjoy this album as well. If  you're not taken with it on first listen, it's likely because you're too  used to hearing these songs without orchestral backing. Give it some time,  take it in the car with you for awhile, andmost listeners will not only  end up enjoying most of this album, but may find themselves liking some of  the \\"orchestral versions,\\" better than the originals. Congrats to  Metallica, Maestro Kamen; and to those members of the SFSO who went in to  this project with an open mind and attacked it with the same fervor as  Metallica.
0451167716|4.0|This is a totally engrossing novel centering on the exploits of a fictional family of gangsters, their violent lives and deaths.  Puzo tells a complex story brimming over with interesting characters, and while his  narrative is sometimes overly sketchy, it is always riveting.  The real  crime committed in my version (the 30th anniversary mass market paperback)  is the horrendous proofreading.  Typos abound, most of them glaring and  easily corrected with even the most rudimentary spell checking.  Such  things pull me out of a story quickly, and it's a testament to Puzo's power  as a storyteller that I still found myself enjoying the story as much as I  did.
6301966562|4.0|i saw the movie in 1986 and fell in love with it. and i have been trying to buy the movie ever since. (for about 10 years)i have ck. all local video stores, even before they had the internet.i can not find it,not even in  video stores to rent.it has been on tv a few times but never seem to see  the ad soon enough.<br />i just cannot afford to spend the money they want for  it. hope someday the price will come down.<br />in closeing if you like  computers and a great love story and special effects. you will love this  movie.
0897240766|4.0|This book of sheet music is ideal for the acoustic guitar player who wants to learn more about the &quot;James Taylor Style&quot; of playing.<br />Taylor uses many guitar chords in his songs that are not normally seen by the  everage guitar player. Every song in this collection of his early hits has  specific chord diagrams to help you through the difficult learning  process.<br />I have gotten many hours of pure enjoyment from this book and  anticipate many years of the same. <br />If you are a James Taylor fan, this  is a &quot;must buy.&quot; You will not regret it!
0688158129|5.0|This was my first Jodi Picoult novel - where have I been hiding! <br />Amazing story of two families that grow up together, the mothers are best friends, and all are ecstatic when their children, Chris  and Emily change from friends to lovers.  Everything looks perfect.<br />Then  the dreaded phone call comes in the middle of the night, Emily is dead and  Chris is injured, then charged with her murder.  Everything falls apart as  blame, guilt and pain blow them all to pieces.<br />I could understand all the  parent's different reactions, infact I don't think that I have cried from  so many different perspectives described in a book before!   The  flashbacks were well spaced through the book and you couldn't help but care  for the characters portrayed.<br />I am anxious to read more from this  impressive author.
B00000JGEO|4.0|This movie was one of Arnold's last blockbusters and fan-pleasers by all the positive reactions to this movie. I love this movie and i can still remember the first time i watched it.  Tom Arnold is great with his comedy  relief kinda act and it makes the movie even better b/c it mixes it with  comedy and action but still reminds true to James Cameron's style.  Go get  this movie or rent it, i'm sure u will like it. If u don't hey, u didn't  like it.  I did.
0440234743|3.0|Although the idea of the book may seem intriguing, it comes out like another Biggles episode. Grisham is a great writer, no doubt about it, but...he just doesn't reach the same quality level as some of his previous  work in this one.  It might not be as good as &quot;The partner&quot; or  &quot;The firm&quot;, but if you're a fan of J.G it's a couple of hours of  amusement, a good supplement to the TV anyhow.
6304595247|5.0|I had to see this movie for a drama class and I thought it was going to be so boring.  Boy, was I wrong!  Ii didn't ever think Ralph Fiennes could act that good and now he has a spot in one of my best actors list.  This is the  tragic story of two lovers that choose differents lifestlyes instead of  choosing their true feelings for each other and ending up suffering  emotional.  The mideval setting and countryside sets is captivating and the  music is intriguing.  It's like musical bliss to my hears when I hear it  and at the same time it's deep and heartfelt.  I just can't say enough  about this movie, b/c there's too much to say, i just say go see it.   That's all.
B00004SST6|5.0|Mr Benson your a little gem - WHAT AN ABSOLUTE KNOCK OUT!   A good solid earthy, latino, funk performance.  I wandered into the Records Store one day unsuspecting and BAM the the funky, toe tapping rhythmic beat of  &quot;The Ghetto&quot; hit me and within seconds I was asking what was  playing.  &quot;Its Mr Benson's latest madam&quot; the assistant in the  Jazz Dept flatly replied, its one of our best sellers.  <br />And what a  talent filled, spell bounding performance Mr Benson gives!  The fiery  latin rhythmn of El Barrio is quite superb and his version of Stevie  Wonder's classic &quot;Lately&quot; is truely magical.  Mr Benson's talents  knows no bounds and I cant help but think this cd is labelled wrongly - it  should be &quot;ABSOLUTELY THE BEST&quot;!
