B00003CXZ4|5.0|Heck, you'll have to. This movie makes you twist your mind and think around corners. After the first viewing I was wondering if the 'mystery' was ever solved! I see this as one of those great 'little' movies that are simply wonderful, like &quot;Slingblade.&quot;
068484267X|4.0|yeah i read the book Angela's Ashes, in my college english class at my high school.  I found it a very interesting book, it gave good detail, description, and the book was just a really good book in general.  I'd really recommend this book if you are someone who likes a good and interesting book.  The author did a very good job on the publication of the book; it really made me feel bad for Frankie the little boy.
B000002NJS|5.0|I have been listening to Madonna since 1982 when I was 13 years old.  In many ways I have grown up with Madonna and her music....which is a good thing.  Having said that, &quot;Ray of Light&quot; is clearly her finest work to date.  I bought this CD when it originaly came out 5 years ago, but it took me that long to learn to appreciate it. Above all else, the lyrics are superb here. They are deep, thoughtful and ironic.  I particularly like &quot;Drowned World&quot;  &quot;Swim&quot; &quot;Little Star&quot; &quot;Candy Perfume Girl&quot;......and last but not least &quot;Frozen&quot;, a song whose lyrics are sublime.<br />I was lucky enough to see Madonna's Drowned World Tour this summer in Atlanta.  It was like seeing an old friend and talking over old times.
0517122707|5.0|Easily one of the finest pieces of non-fiction I have read.  This captivating story makes its characters members of the household.  Intricately twined, the multi-story-lined text will be one you will want to read again and again.
B000003S16|2.0|This should have been the best re-release of Fripp's best album, but it's been botched again. They edit out so many of the  instrument lines and audio hooks that it's not even worth the price of getting it. &quot;Chicago&quot; and &quot;Exposure&quot; are just bone-chilling on the original cassette and LP, &quot;NY3&quot; and &quot;Here Comes the Flood&quot; are missing a keyboard and an echo, respectively. Every song on the album has been altered in some way, or is not up to par because of the out-of-synch job done with the others. <BR>  An avoidable re-release of an earth-moving album. I bought a fifty-cent cassette copy of the original version, and it runs circles around this cd copy that I own.
B0000009RX|5.0|Finally, the album that disc jockeys dare not play in the late 60's has come to CD. Notorious when first released, several lyrics were bleeped or reversed or otherwise censored by the record company (MGM), to Frank's outrage. Check out the original vinyl release (if you can find a copy, they go for about 100 bucks a pop these days). The CD version restores all of these wonderfully subversive moments with improved sound quality. Frank takes perfect aim at the phony hippies, squares and corporate culture of the era. Plastic People. Ugh.
B000026258|5.0|Steve Reich can be legitimately called one of the greatest geniuses of the 20th century. he has taken diverse elements and melded them together into a sound lightyears ahead of its time.<BR>Complex harmonic richness, hypnotic marimbas, and a superlative sense of spirituality set it apart from most other music.<BR> this album is one of the few that are truly spiritual. Incorporating syncopations and rhythms/counterrhythms, it's overwhelming to hear those first few bars of the piece. <BR>     That is what makes the album a classic. He challenges the listener to think and almost move beyond music itself.  While I like his other works, none of them strike me as much as this one. So if you do yourself one favor this year or any other, get this album. It is as close as anyone will ever get to melding beauty with theory at the same time.
B000002UAR|5.0|The cliches abound on this one.  The Beatles showed a musical depth previously unheard of on a &quot;pop&quot; record etc., etc.  The fact is, all history aside, you buy a cd to listen to the music and to sing along with,right?  Well this is it.  The songs are crisp and melodic.  They stimulate whatever chemicals in your brain to produce that pleasant state of mind that we all crave.  As for musical craftsmanship - it's all contained in this album.  So buy it, pop it in the player and sing along like you never sang before.  You'll feel better for it.
B000003BF1|5.0|What can I say?...In 1969 the Stones were having contractural and managerial problems.  They were hounded by the law and the taxman.  Brian Jones fell apart and was booted from the group and the Altamont concert killed the peace and love outlook of the ending decade.  Through all of that, the Rolling Stones came out with one of the BEST albums of their career.  With songs as diverse as \\"Country Honk\\" (which later evolved into the single \\"Honky Tonk Woman\\") and \\"Live With Me\\", (a rocker that still makes me dance), the Rolling Stones proved that they could move out of The Beatles' shadow and emerge as the 70s' biggest and best stars.  This album was the 2nd of 4 succesive albums that defined what would become \\"The World's Greatest Rock and Roll Band\\".  Buy it, try it and dig it.  It still holds up today!
0448060191|5.0|I read Little Women many times as a pre-teen.  I would re-read and cry over the passage where Laurie comes home married to Amy.  Now, 25 years later, I recently decided to read it again.  It is even better now, reading it with an adult's perspective.  The characters are so deeply developed, their Christian faith plays a big role in their lives, the wives they become.....it is even better than I remembered and I'm not even sure why it is considered children's literature.  Good for all ages!
630398021X|5.0|Thin, amaizing, thrilling, a little scary movie. Close to reality but taking beyond. Excellent soundtrack. Worth having. Please believe me.
0843178086|5.0|We're so glad to have found Mr.Men on a US site!!Having been raised reading these great stories in England, my boys(Aged 3 and 5)now love these fun characters,We have the whole set!!
6305718954|4.0|While it's certainly no Exorcist, Stigmata is a successful film that engaged me enough to give it an above average rating. I watched this film with a bunch of friends and I don't think they enjoyed it very much. But I really liked this film. I think if you look closer into the movie, just try to enjoy it and see its message then I'm sure you will be able to appreciate the film a lot more. Stigmata is surprisingly very intelligent. It explains with excellent cleverness exactly what is happening to the main character. The film also searches into the depths of religions and pulls out things we never knew about and some great philosophies about God. The movie is also visually stunning. We get slow motion, blood and water drips splashing spookily, statues crying and brilliant makeup and special effects. When you see what is happening to Frankie as a retread of what happened to God while he was on the cross, you feel like you can actually hear the whip lashing, or feeling the nails going into your wrists. So, the movie is smart, intriguing, looks great and has an interesting moral. What more do you want? Perhaps the movie could've cut the romance story, which really peeved me off, and there were a couple of boring parts. The end sort of leaves on an unexciting note. However, the big picture is a movie that has a great meaning and terrified me with its scenes of intense violence. This movie is not for the faint-hearted and hard-out Christians, but I recommend Patricia Arquette fans, thriller and supernatural movie fans and people who enjoy good visuals and eerie settings to watch Stigmata.  <br />NOTE: I loved the production notes and alernate ending to the movie on the DVD, but felt they could've had something that journied a little further into the genius of the excellent visuals. This remains a good DVD buy, and the sound is fantastic!
0440219078|5.0|A psychologically terrifying book by Lois Lowry. I was addicted to this book and was never able to put it down for more than ten seconds. I read it in one day. It's about a community where there are no feelings, no color, no pain. Jonas, a young boy preparing for the Ceremony of Twelves. He is \\"apprehensive\\", as he puts it. He is given the task of being the Receiver of Memory, to be trained by an old man known only as the Giver. It also features a variety of secondary characters: Asher, Jonas' best friend and a confused malaprop: Fiona, a red-haired girl whom Jonas has a crush on; and Lily, Jonas' precocious little sister.
B000002LKF|4.0|Ok, this album isn't the best album of Simon, but still is a great album.<BR>Other reviewer talk about repeat a &quot;Graceland hit formula&quot; (for example), surely he doesn't know to Paul Simon. Paul Simon NEVER repeat &quot;hits formulas&quot;. He always searching new rhythms, new melodies, new ways and this is the reason that I love the Paul Simon's music.<br />The rhythm... is a vigorous album. And it's very interesting but I believe that a Paul Simon fan enjoy more this album. If you don't know the Paul Simon music first buy Graceland or Still crazy after all these years
B00005N5S5|5.0|The Terminator is one of the few action science fiction movies with an interesting, well a storyline at all.The terminator is a cyborg with human tissue around a mechanical skeleton inside it could pass as a human in a crowd, it is so powerful almost indestructable.It's purpose to go back in time and murder the mother of it's enemy so that he would have never existed.                                                                 The only thing stopping him is Kyle Reese a soldier from the future that came to protect the mother sarah connor. Can reese kill the terminatoror will the terminator terminate sarah connor find out when you watch The Terminator
B00003CX5P|3.0|I had a feeling I was not going to like this movie. The trailers looked disappointing and I just felt a modern Stars Wars flick would put all of them out of place. I was wrong. This is a good movie, and even though it was disappointing and a little too modern for me like I thought it would be, I was entertained throughout. The film has some very good action scenes, great acting from Liam Neeson and Natalie Portman (whose character twist, quite simply, confused the hell out of me) and the visuals are breathtaking. However, good visuals, brilliant sound and fabulous editing do not a great movie make. The things I disliked about the movie were the fact that the character of Obi-Wan Kenobi hardly has any involvement into the plot, but the twist at the end is sure to have him more included in Star Wars: Episode II  Attack of the Clones. I also hated the character of Jar Jar Binks. What an annoying little [guy]! Technically, he was pretty amazing, but he was just a brat with an overacted voice by Ahmed Best and some of the cheesiest lines in any recent sci-fi film. The worst thing about the movie, however, is the fact that the villain is never really developed. I wouldve liked to know more about Darth Mauls background and attitude, but all I knew about him was he has a red and black head, is the apprentice of the evil Mayor and has a double light-saber. Despite that, I was entertained by the movie and I didnt hate it. The pod race was exciting, the boy wasnt annoying like that AWFUL Jar Jar Binks and I loved seeing Yoda again, a little younger. Hopefully, for the next instalment, the plot will be a little better, Chewbacca and Han Solo will return, the villain will be better developed and we wont see anymore of Jar Jar Binks! Lets just say the force wasnt exactly with George Lucas for this movie, but it was a good stab at a saga beginning.<br />NOTE: This DVD is brilliant! There are so many features, I loved the making of the game and the commentaries the most. Even if you only though the movie was average like me and didn't buy the movie, ask a friend with this DVD if you could check it out because the behind-the-scenes and commentaries and making-of features are well worth a look.
B000002UDD|5.0|A terrific Megadeth album, with Lungs to hell-one of the best intrumentals of all time great name for it too, then set the world afire isnt this a sweet song.  Anarchy terrific freaky wity guitar and vocals, a terrific cover.  Mary Jane-pretty cool tune really strange lyrics though.  502 this is a killer song, high fast and very raw.  My darkest hour a megadeth classic and may be the best song on the album very deep, gloomy, sad, and dark.  Liar-very fast and vicous tune i luv the chorus how he sings it at the end. Then Hook in Mouth-a great song to end the album indeed, this is pure metal at its finest.  Fans on metal should add this too thr collection enjoy, this is one of the best.
B000002UAU|5.0|It might be fun (to counter that pompous fellow who wrote on October 2) to pretend that Sgt. Pepper ISN'T the most important album of the 20th century, but instead an album that somehow got overlooked and was being rediscovered now (a la Love's Forever Changes or Shuggie Otis's recent rerelease).  What would we think about it now?  In my opinion, it isn't the Beatles' best... I'd choose Revolver as the best, and I'd pick the White Album, Abbey Road, Rubber Soul, and the Hard Days Night and Help! soundtracks as slightly ahead.  It has some of their greatest songs, particularly Lennon's work (Day in the Life, Lucy, Good Morning).  But it also has some of their most painfully cute, such as the title song and When I'm 64.  McCartney is better elsewhere, although Fixing a Hole and She's Leaving Home are certainly great songs and great performances.  What really makes this album stand out is the incredible sound producer George Martin gets from the band and the studio musicians.  The album is played with such verve, such energy, and yet he manages to fill the soundscape with unbelievable levels of detail, giving the album its famed &quot;psychedelic&quot; qualities.  It's still the same great rocking band of Hard Day's Night, anchored by the amazing Ringo/Paul rhythm section, but supported by a swirling, circus-like mix of sounds from just about every European tradition, symphony hall to music hall.  That's got to be what made the album seem so historic in 1967, and what still recommends it today.<br />One last conjecture... every Beatle fan knows that the recording sessions for this album began with three songs that didn't make it- the two sided single &quot;Penny Lane&quot; (better than any Paul song on this album) and &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot; (ditto, the best John song of the psychedelic era), and George's &quot;Only a Northern Song&quot; (a decent effort, certainly better than the sitar tune on the album).  For marketing reasons, these songs were left off the album, appearing on Magical Mystery Tour and Yellow Submarine.  What would people have thought of Sgt. Pepper's if those songs had been added in place of, say, Within You and Without You, When I'm 64 and the useless &quot;reprise&quot; of Sgt. Pepper.  The superlatives would have been exhausted!lbum, appearing on Magical Mystery Tour and Yellow Submarine.  What would people have thought of Sgt. Pepper's if those songs had been added in place of, say, Within You and Without You, When I'm 64 and the useless &quot;reprise&quot; of Sgt. Pepper.  The superlatives would have been exhausted!
B00005N9CV|5.0|[...], it is wonderful to listen to a work like this. This is an excellent album, with material from the masters, including the Gershwins and Cole Porter. Ms. Krall sings the material with intelligence, style and grace. This is the kind of album you would find particularly attractive after a hard and stressful day at work, or after a maddening drive home on an over-crowed freeway. This is music that will relieve mental clutter, rather than adding to it, as most of our \\"music\\" does today. Vocalists and musicians could learn some important lessons from Diana Krall: softness and elegance in voice and musicianship can connect deeply with the listener, particulary when the songs are of the first rate caliber of these, and when they are delivered with the care and thoughtfulness that is seen here. Diana Krall is not a person who follows the trends. Her music is not \\"in\\" these days with the industry or with \\"artists\\" who are out for the quick sell of what's hot and/or what will shock. Rather, Diana Krall is a throw-back to a gentler time in this nation's history when excellence mattered, and she would have shined back then, just as she shines now. Despite not being \\"in,\\" her popularity grows, because she has an audience that can discern her intelligence and her artistry, and that appreciates her freedom of spirit in avoiding the mania that sets the lack of intelligent direction for most in the music industry today. Great job, Diana!
6305428557|5.0|Hugh is always great .. this film and any other film ;)
B000056K04|5.0|When I ordered the CD Everyday- I ordered two of their earlier CDs to compare and contrast.  I am now a devout DMB fan.  As everyone knows who has listened to them: they are talented.  While &quot;Luther&quot; &quot;Crash&quot; and &quot;Under the Table&quot; are excellent-they all have the same sound.  Everyday is obviously a new direction for the band.  Yes, Everyday is polished, and not as raw sounding as previous CDs. But the essence and message of the songs are still in place. Sorry, I can't select one favorite song on Everyday-I loved the entire CD.  As a group grows and widens their musical spectrums, inevitably they will lose and gain fans.  The DMB has gained me as a fan.
B00005NIDK|3.0|When I first heard that Yes would be working with an orchestra on this, their new recording, I cringed. I've never been a fan of orchestral work in prog. Still, it's Yes with Anderson, Squire, Howe and White-it seemed worth giving a try. Turns out, this is a good album-not great-but good. There are times when the orchestrations serve the songs nicely there are other times when efforts came up short. Overall, I'd say they have yet to truly learn how to work with the orchestra. In spite of my pre-existing prejudices I'd like to see them continue to work with an orchestra on the next one as long as they commit to developing the sound further. On this recording the band sounds too restrained as if the presence of the orchestra overwhelmed them. I understand that they are getting on in years and that their respective chops just aren't what they used to be but they are capable of more involved and lengthier instrumental passages. Howe in particular missed a wonderful opportunity to work off of the orchestra. Perhaps he should listen to Australian classical guitarist John Williams' most recent orchestral work for inspiration. The focus throughout seems primarily on melody and composition with much less emphasis on musicianship than Yes fans have come to hope for. Anderson's melodic sensibilities are in fine form and he only occassionally delivers the embarassing lyric (Soft as a Dove and Don't Go-two weak compositions). Squire delivers his first solo effort of merit since Fish Out of Water (Can You Imagine). It sounds like a Fish out-take. Pity it wasn't longer. Song's that seems to really hit the mark are Dreamtime, Give Love Each Day and We Agree. It's here that   Howe-Squire-White just take off and lift the music to another level. More of this energetic musicianship would have served the project well. Ah well, perhaps next time. Still nice to have the boys around and have them make the effort to try on something new. Where it's no masterpiece, it's still worth getting..Simon
B000020617|1.0|wish I could post a reveiw, but I never received my order and I had no reply from the seller
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game took place in the far future.  America at that time only allowed a family to have two children.  If they had three children, then the third child was called a \\"Third\\".  Third's were made fun of by their school classmates, family members, and other people around them.  Ender was a third and had to have a monitor put in the back of his neck.  All thirds could be distinguished from the other children by the monitor in the back of their neck.  Ender was about five or six years old when he got tired of Stilson's gang making fun of him so he got in a fight with Stilson, the biggest bully in his class.  Ender beat Stilson up so bad that he killed him.  The next day an I.F. officer named General Graff came to his house to recruit Ender to Battle school.  Ender accepted this offer but he had to make a big sacrifice.  He had to decide whether to leave his sister Valentine and not see her until he was eighteen or save the human race from the destruction by the Buggers.  When Ender arrived to Battle school he got in another fight because someone was picking on him.  Ender broke Bernard's arm and was then known to be one of the best students at the Battle school.  Ender was quickly promoted from launchy to a soldier in Salamander army.  Ender could never fight in a battle because his leader Bonzo would not have a six year old fighting on his squad.  One day Ender got tired of watching Bonzo loss so he went into the battle room and saved his army from being killed.  After Ender's saved his army from a loose, he got traded to Phoenix army.  At age seven, Ender became the number one soldier in the battle game.  When Ender was ten he was given his own army of nothing but launchies.  His armies name was dragon and dragon army was the worst army in the history of the Battle school.  But since Ender Wiggen was the new leader things changed quickly.  Other leaders quickly hated Ender because no matter what the odds where, Ender was going to win every battle he was in.  After Ender had had a perfect record with no loses he was then graduated to Command school.  Ender was the youngest person, ten years old, ever to graduate from Battle school.  At Command school Mazer Rackham trained him.  Mazer was very famous for defeating the buggers in the second invasion.  Since Mazer was to hold he had to train someone else to go into battle.  Ender was quickly promoted to captain and had to lead all the other ships into what seemed to be a simulator of a battle.  After Ender had fought his way to the last level of the Buggers simulator game he was told that if he won this level than he was finished with Command school.  Well, Ender was awesome in the battle and won it, killing of the Bugger race.  When he jumped out of the simulator he was greeted by cheering people.  Ender had no clue what was going on until Mazer announced that it was not a simulator battle, it was the real thing and that Ender Wiggen was the new hero of the world because he had destroyed the whole Bugger population.  At the end of the story Ender was greeted by his sister valentine and made their new home fifty years away from earth in one of the old Bugger camps.<br /> Ender was a quiet character but he had a strong hatred in his heart.  He knew he had this hatred but did not want to use it.  His brother Peter gave him this hatred because he always made fun of Ender and his sister.  Valentine was probably the only person that truly loved Ender.  His parents loved him but since he was a third that did not love him as much as they're other two children.  General Graff was the only person Ender considers as his friend.  The theme to Ender's Game is:  no matter how hard you try to get ride of a memory or hatred it will always stay with you for the rest of your life.<br /> The only thing I disagree about the book is that, I wish the author had explained more about what happened with the new colonization.  I guess that the author told about the colonization in one of his sequels.On the whole, I thought Ender's Game was one of the best books I have ever read.  I loved the setting and the whole outer space theme.  I cannot wait to read Ender's Shadow.
0441172717|5.0|Arthur C. Clarke was right--Dune is only rivaled by the famous Lord of the Rings by Tolkien. Dune is, in fact, the LotR of science fiction--it has the deep universe, the flawless characters, the conflict, and the connection to our own universe that makes it all mean something. Many reviewers complain about the constant talk about the thoughts of characters, but that is necessary and adds depth. This is not a book for super-light reading, not a 'beach book.' This is a book for the thinking person who is willing to delve into the ultimate world of Science Fiction. If you have seen the films, do not let that deter you from the book--while the films are not horrible, they do the book no justice. This is THE must-read for the sci-fi fanatic.
B000002KIT|4.0|Live and Dangerous is a compilation live album taken from The \\"Johnny the Fox\\" tour in 1976 and the \\"Bad Reputation\\" tour in 1977. As such it lacks the unity of an album based around one tour, but it at least documents Phil Lynott's powerful live performances. With songs from Jailbreak, Johnny the Fox, and Bad Reputation, this CD puts together a two-album set that gives fans of this band a historical record of Phil Lynott's phenomenal charisma and performing ability. Stay away from the tribute band version of Thin Lizzy live. (One Night Only) This is the one fans should have.
B00005AXEL|4.0|She's added some backup singers, although I don't think she needed them.  Listen to it at least twice before you decide.  What it is lacking in melody has been made up for in sheer songwriting genius, laying it all out on the table for anyone willing to listen.  <BR>\\"That Made me Stronger\\" was written about a conversation she had with Tom Petty; and most of the other songs seem to have been written about every woman's experience in this world.  \\"Sorcerer\\" being her own personal story perhaps...
B00005IC2H|5.0|Lord almighty are these boys wonderful.  When I bought this CD I listened to it approximately 9 jillion times in a row because it was simply beautiful.  Finally I decided I needed to move on and listen to some other stuff (like the new Bjork album!) and it migrated out of my stereo.  And THEN, last week, I had the incomparable pleasure of seeing Sigur Ros live and am once again converted.  I have never in my life seen or heard anything so amazing, and I would pay exorbitant amounts of money to see them live any time I had the opportunity.  The amazing thing was that, despite how lovely this CD is, I didn't think it would translate well to a live show at all, and I was SO WRONG.  So everyone with good taste should own this CD and then go see Sigur Ros live whenever given the chance.  It's a life-altering experience - people in the audience were actually crying when the show was over.  In any case, I'm meant to be reviewing the CD, so I'll tell you that I love every track on it, but especially Track 3, Staralfur, because it's the prettiest.  It is inconceivable to me that anyone could not like this album.
B00005AXEL|4.0|She's added some backup singers, although I don't think she needed them.  Listen to it at least twice before you decide.  What it is lacking in melody has been made up for in sheer songwriting genius, laying it all out on the table for anyone willing to listen.  <BR>\\"That Made me Stronger\\" was written about a conversation she had with Tom Petty; and most of the other songs seem to have been written about every woman's experience in this world.  \\"Sorcerer\\" being her own personal story perhaps...
1556154844|5.0|This is the only book I have read that thoroughly discusses programming at the _statement_ level.  Steve spends the obligatory time on methodology and testing, but the real value of this book is its discussion of cohesion, coupling, and code tuning.  Examples are in C, Pascal, Ada, Basic, etc., but the lessons are language independant.  I rarely give 5 stars, but this is my very favorite.  If you are a programmer, you will find something (probably a lot) that will improve your code.
B000051VWW|5.0|Thanks Sade!  This one is just beautiful. Very soulful, warm music.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Unlike most current movies, this one requires the viewer to think. This is the type of movie Alfred Hitchcock would produce today; very complex, but well done. Afterwards, we spent an hour discussing the script and characters.
0198534469|4.0|This text provides sometimes amazing visual representations of concepts in complex analysis that I have never seen anywhere else. For example, I have never seen a complex contour integral interpreted geometrically. Also, the text presents many very important conformal maps. Having said that, however, I would not recommend this as a first book in complex analysis. A better first book along these same visual lines, but with more rigor is Flanigan's &quot;Complex Analysis&quot;. On the other hand,  if you already have a more traditional grounding in complex analysis and want to motivate many of the results geometrically, then this book is uniquely suited for that. This book provides useful &quot;explanations&quot; and not rigorous proofs.
0767849493|1.0|Kevin Smith is the most overrated filmmaker in American History.
B00005N9CV|1.0|You'll be seeing countless copies of this CD (and all of Ms. Krall's other work) in used CD stores across this nation for decades to come.
0452282152|4.0|This book is a look into what life might have been like as a servant in an artist's home. Tracy Chevalier has a way of painting a picture in the words and descriptions she uses that is mesmerizing. A wonderful book if you are the least bit interested in art.
0671042858|5.0|The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon by Stephen King is a superb read and I hope this review is helpful. Compliments to Stephen King on another fine novel.<br />Outline of Novel: The novel is about a 9 year old girl (Patricia McFarland) who leaves her mother and brothers constant arguing and heads into the woods. Patricia manages to lose the path and in doing so...her way back to the camping area where she was staying. She travels deeper into the forest without realising, in the aid of finding the path back to civilisation. Patricia turns to her favourite baseball player Tom Gordon in her imagination and listens to the games on her radio for comfort. However, something is in the woods, watching...waiting...<br />Opinion of Novel: This is a gread read, although you may not think that possible from the un-original plot. Stephen King manages to keep the action constant and keeps you on the edge of your seat, with the ever changing struggles which Patricia faces throughout her treacherous ordeal. The novel is not extremely long and in depth as some of his other novels (i.e. The Stand), which makes this a nice easy going read, but it is not for the faint hearted. It is a novel which will have you reading until the end and a definite recommedation to anyone who likes King's other novels. After reading this novel, you will never feel the same way about being in the woods again...
B00001ZWTT|1.0|I thought this film was supposed to be based on the fantasy TV series of the same name. Wild Wild West was a fun TV show, but this movie is no fun at all.  The movie is nothing more than an endless parade of racial slurs and bad sex jokes. I could have accepted Will Smith (a fine, fine actor) as Jim West, but why did the writers have to keep belaboring the point that he is black? This film was supposed to be a FANTASY, so the excuse that bigotry and racial slurs are historically accurate doesn't float.  At least they didn't use the damned &quot;N&quot; word, but they did come close, and within the first few minutes of the film to boot. Well, that really set the tone for the rest of the movie. The words &quot;coon&quot; and &quot;boy&quot; cropped up in the film also and both seemed totally inappropirate for a comedy/fantasy. There were also several &quot;cute&quot; and &quot;harmless&quot; race jokes, but they got old real fast. These tasteless racial slurs completely took the &quot;fun&quot; out of this film. And the sex jokes? Just plain dumb. Avoid it.
B0000584V3|5.0|I will get the bias out of the way right now: I love this CD. I have a CD player in my car, at the house and at work and this CD is always in one of those three. Upn hearing their previous opus Still Life, I bought the entire back catalogue. Now for the review. As a long time fan of just about everything that is metal, I find this cd to be melodic, dark, haunting and musically wonderful all at the same time. One of the amazing things about this band is their ability to weave acoustic and jazzy feels to traditional metal styles. Add to that the ethereal clean vocals of Akerfeldt intermingled with the growls of traditional death metal and you have a very unique sound. The CD is musically complex but very listenable. There are a ton of really good riffs on the album, and the lead work, mainly the fills, are both melodic and chilling at times, but they are always in the right place. The drumming on the CD is very good as well. The only negative that I have regarding the music on the CD is mainly a technical one: the bass could be a little louder in the mix. However, that is a minor point. The haunting lyrics and acoustic melodies lend to a very haunting sound. Standout tracks for me are &quot;Leper Affinity&quot;, &quot;Bleak&quot; and &quot;The Drapery Falls.&quot; Although those are my personal favorites on the CD, there are no bad tracks in my opinion. Truly an album that all metal fans could easily dig.
B000002L5P|5.0|The Smiths have (and have had for as long as I can remember) such a bizarre following. I admit, I was once one of them, the followers. I, like them, had all the albums and singles on vinyl, and I memorized all the lyrics, I had an all too big poster of Morrissey on my wall, too big for a straight guy like me, etc. etc.<br />I still like this album, though I never upgraded to CD as I have with the obvious ones (The Queen Is Dead, Meat Is Murder, Strangeways Here We Come). But what I like so much about this album is the rawness. Especially on Miserable Lie. Miserable Lie is more seething and demanding than possibly anything they have ever done since as a band. In Miserable Lie (and Still Ill), one can hear the heavier influences that Morrissey and Marr were always so vocal about; New York Dolls, Warsaw (later, Joy Division), and Sparks. <br />A year later, The Smiths released a 45rpm with Sandie Shaw  in Morrissey's place and The Smiths behind her, Hand In Glove b/w I Don't Owe You Anything. A fantastic rarity. But, here is where it all started. And, so should you if you don't quite know the Smiths yet.
B000003TA4|4.0|Nevermind was the landmark album that launched the Grunge genre into the stratosphere of popular culture, before it ultimately and inevitably imploded a few short years later. Born out of a time of extreme disaffection among the youth of America, Nirvana blasted away at the gnawing insignificance of many aspects of modern life. Underneath the screeching is a yearning for more, for something real, for an escape from the numbing nature of life in the 90s. Unfortunately, in Cobain's and countless others' cases, that desire for an escape led to his tragic suicide. He could not break out of the box, and this CD, especially Smells Like Teen Spirit and Come As You Are, remain a testament and a landmark to that time.<br />Musically and lyrically, this CD does have some weaknesses, which keep it from 5 stars in my book, but for their sheer emotional power, it ranks right up there, especially now, given the pointless death of Cobain.<br />Whenever I listen to this it's like a memory of another age and another time, but too often, it still speaks for too many in our society.<br />Peace.
B00005N5S5|5.0|To be honest, before viewing this Special Edition DVD, I had grown tired of the Terminator. The film just seemed too old and out of date to me. However, I was completely floored with this new edition of Terminator. The new stereo mix is nothing short of fantastic. The film quality looks great. And I am a Terminator fan once again. Along with the improved sound the viewer can enjoy interesting deleted scenes with director commentary and also some interesting interviews. In short, this is a great buy. Buy it now and enjoy the Terminator again for the first time.
B000001EYO|4.0|Excellent movie needs an excellent soundtrack, which it would have, had some of the tracks not been missing, specifically the Creedence C.R. tracks.<br />However, thanks to the songs by Kenny Rogers, Bob Dylan and a few other tracks, the CD is definitely worth every penny.<br />Minus one star for leaving out CCR!
6302902010|5.0|Its been 25 years since I've seen the film, but the vision of Sammy Davis singing &amp; dancing &quot;It Ain't Necessarily So&quot; is indelible in my mind. I would so much like to see that just one more time. All the music of Gershwin and the delivery of the songs is intoxicating. Dorothy Dandridge is outstanding, also as a singer and dancer. Poitier is once again his majestic self. Trevor Nunn is very talented, but I doubt the Englishman will capture Catfish Row as well as the motion picture did. How can I get hold of this video?
0790737345|3.0|How can any film that opens with the death of a little girl and ends with a tragedy be so uplifting and happy? Well, the real subject of City of Angels is the overwhelming power of love to redeem life itself. The cinematography is especially good. The cast is wonderful and the story unusual.  An interesting, worthwhile film.
1573225517|2.0|High Fidelity started out telling the story of a young man and his two friends that all worked together in a record shop that the main character owned. They were men but sounded more like overgrown teenagers. They thought they all wanted to meet the right woman but when any woman entered their lives they immediately wondered what they might be missing out on. None of the characters had done much growing by the end and quite frankly it all got pretty boring and I was rushing for the ending. You get a feeling that the author really has a talent for writing but hasn't quite reached his potential. I had planned on giving this book three stars but that seemed a bit much. I read this book because I had previously read &quot; How To Be Good&quot; and I wouldn't recommmend either.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix takes us beyond the standard sci-fi adventure by weaving myth-making (&quot;You're the One, Neo&quot;) and classic story-telling (take the Red Pill, go to the &quot;Real World,&quot; take the Blue Pill, stay in &quot;Neverland&quot;) with truly revolutionary special effects, sound and overall production quality. This is the movie that made DVD players more than just a luxury item, it made DVD a necessity. Watching this on VHS would be like watching a Picasso behind layers of gauze. No movie is sharper or better suited to the digital world than a movie where the premise is that the world we see every day is nothing but ones and zeroes hardwired into our head.<br />In the realm of action and sci-fi, there will be movies that are B.M. (Before the Matrix) and movies that are A.M. (You guessed it). This is now the standard.<br />As far as the other qualities of the film -- you know, acting and the like -- they are good, but not oscar-caliber, with the exception of Lawrence Fishburne as Morpheus. Keanu Reeves plays the only character he knows how (himself), which is fine, and the other actors/actresses all perform their roles efficiently. But, frankly, it's hard for the acting to matter too much when buildings are exploding, people are flying through the air and reality is warping around you.<br />This is quite simply a movie that redefines the too-often used adjecting &quot;mind-blowing.&quot;<br />BTW, the intensity of this movie means that young children and squeamish adults should stay away. I know several people who were unable to handle several of the sequences in the movie. I had no trouble, but I'd put the squeamish content as on a par with Aliens or Terminator 2. Hope that helps.<br />On to the sequels!
6302891272|5.0|Kurosawa and Shakespeare are a winning combination.  With &quot;Throne of Blood,&quot; Kurosawa strips Macbeth to the bare bones of plot, then packs on new flesh in the form of scheming ambition in feudal Japan.<br /> In this version, Washizu (Macbeth) is somewhat simple, and content with what comes his way, be it castle or fort, honor or deceit.  His wife, the infamous Lady Macbeth, is chillingly calm and dangerous.  She has no interest in her husband's contentment, and knows that the only way to advance her position is to advance the position of her husband, by whatever means necessary.  Her role as the spider is particularly suited to the halls of the Cobweb Castle.<br />The acting and filming are up to the quality that one expects from Kurosawa and Mifune.  The pacing of the film is full of dynamic contrasts, going from heart-pounding action to patient silence.  This film is not spoon-fed to you, but demands your concentration.  The visuals are particularly stunning in &quot;Throne of Blood.&quot;  The cobweb forest is haunting, and the single weird sister, all in white spinning in a white cage,  maintains the same chilling calmness of Washizu's wife.<br />One of the many nice touches of &quot;Throne of Blood&quot; is the chance to see that Samurai at the height of their power.  These are not the poor, struggling warriors of &quot;Seven Samurai&quot; or &quot;Yojimbo.&quot;  Washizu is decked out in full armor for the bulk of the film, and his castle is defended and attacked by well-dressed armies.  Each lord is powerful and wields mighty forces.<br />Oh, and of course, the big finish.  All I can say is wow.
0441172717|5.0|I once saw a list of Year 8 recommended reading materials. I am not on the whole a snob, but when I saw 'Dune' listed on this, I thought someone had made a serious mistake. I know people of eighteen years upwards who wouldn't get past the first few pages of this truly outstanding science fiction epic. Although I wasn't so impressed with the numerous sequels, (and don't even bother to watch the film unless you wan't a major distortion of the actual story), in 'Dune', Herbert has created an incredibe world with its entirely different culture. I have never found a flaw with this book, and it stands alone in my humble opinion, as the greatest science fiction story ever written!
B00000IQW0|5.0|Most people remember the TV series more than the pilot episode (which also aired in theatres, if I recall).  However, the original movie for BG was nothing short of stupendous.<br />This was the first science fiction series for TV that had genuine great special effects.  (Note:  I am a big fan of the original &quot;Star Trek&quot; series, but even the most die hard trekkies must concede that the 1960s special effects in it were.....well, 1960s special effects).  Even more important, as is the case in all of the best science fiction films, BG was more story than spectacle.<br />The premise of BG asks:  what if the human race came from outer space?  What if the pyramids of Egypt are actually in the lineage of a far older architectural tradition that spans the galaxy?  Could it be that the technology of the humans first got here was somehow lost over the eons?<br />Well, none of these ideas are worthy of serious consideration.  However, they do make for great entertainment!  BG is about the original colonies of humans, somewhere in a string of planets a long ways off from Earth.  They have been battling a machine race, known as the Cylons, for over a thousand years.  [BTW:  the Cylons are even now one of the most menacing and intimidating looking races of the entire science fiction genre.]<br />Back to the story.  The film opens with a peace treaty that is about to be signed between the humans and the Cylons.  Some, however, such as Commander Adama (CO of the Galactica) don't trust those pesky Cylons (and with good reason).  As one might guess, the Cylons betray the treaty &amp; actually utilize the proceedings to drag the Battlestars [which are kind of like interstellar aircraft carriers] into a trap.<br />When the cosmic dust settles, only one Battlestar is left:  the Galactica.  Adama decides to try and lead all of the civilians who have survived to a legendary human colony known as Earth.<br />This is 1970s science fiction @ its very best.  Although the attempted resurrection of the series in 1980 known as &quot;Galactica Finds Earth&quot; was a ridiculous farce, that should not be held against the original movie and series.  BG is HIGHLY recommended for sci-fi enthusiasts everywhere.ed resurrection of the series in 1980 known as &quot;Galactica Finds Earth&quot; was a ridiculous farce, that should not be held against the original movie and series.  BG is HIGHLY recommended for sci-fi enthusiasts everywhere.
B00005M91K|5.0|Baraka showed my places and things I never would have seen or thought about. Its hard too sit through in one sitting only because of the huge amount of diversity and different ways of life it displays. It has incredidble visuals and great accompanying music. The dvd could be sent out into outerspace for Aliens to see, and they would have a good idea what humans are about.
B00003CXSP|1.0|Extremely disappointed in this one!! I almost wish I had not wasted my money and bought it.  Very slow and boring story line, no suspense at all.  Thought the first movie was much better.  Actually had to slap myself from falling asleep during this one!! If you really have to see it rent it first, not worth the money to buy!
0792833279|4.0|It really needs more features, but as with most of the MGM line they throw one out there and then realease a special edition a year later; so we'll see.
6305176299|4.0|.<br />Seeing it for the third time I can confidently say - this movie's got what it takes!<br />As some like to say \\"action-packed\\", well, this is an appropriate description of this movie: Literally, there isn't a dull moment - I couldn't bring myself to get up and pick up hot popcorn! I was constantly in panic, just waiting on the edge of my seat to see what's next, even in third watch!<br />The whole scenario is so vivid, that no matter what you do beforehand - you immediately get into the action. The portrayal of the evil character by Dennis Hopper is fantastic, he actually made me laugh at some points despite the horror, and relieved the tension! Could you imagine? Bullock was charming as usual, and Reeves, well, this time he's done a good job.<br />Bottom line, this is a genuine 2 hours of  `forget about the world' film.
0446608955|4.0|The book that I read was called A Walk to Remember by Nicholas Sparks. This book was about a boy named Landon Carter that grew up in the care of his mother because his father, Worth Carter was a congressman that had to go places and could never be with his son. Landon believed that his father was supposed to go away sometimes.<BR> Landon found out in kindergarten, from his best friend, Eric Hunter, that fathers were not supposed to leave you. Their family was in a great deal of depression back then.<BR> As Landon grew older, he became more like his father, his mother said. Soon Landon was in Beaufor High School were he met a girl named Jamie Sullivan. Since he didn't have a date for homecoming, he took her. They went and had a great time except when they had to take Angela Clarke, a girl that Landon went out with, home because she got drunk and they felt sorry for her. Landon and Jamie grew very close to one another. Landon would walk her home almost every night. She began to really like him that you could tell a little bit of realization going between them.<BR> Until one day, Jamie just couldn't take it anymore. She was hiding something from Landon that she didn't want him to know. She was dying from leukemia and didn't want this to affect their relationship with each other. Landon didn't know to think so they got married and she died while holding his hand.
6303589170|2.0|I wish I hadn't seen this movie . My reason for seeing it in the first place was my appreciation of Jeff Bridges' recent works . I'd thought that seeing his earlier works could come out like seeing the earlier works of  De Niro , Eastwood or Brando - great amount of  pleasure , excitement and obvious milestones of the acting profession  . It turned up to be a long time goner that really hasn't stood the test of time .<br />Honestly , Bridges is not to blame , even if he did play his role quite apatheticly in part of the time . The script , plot , state of affairs et cetera does not stand in today's standards ; the feeling I got seeing it , was the same feeling I got seeing the A-team , Macgyver and Alf old episodes in the last few years : I liked it as a child and I like it no more . The advancement of nowadays storytelling , script writing and presentation looks extra astounding compared to this film's performance .<br />A good thing I can say is that the film really represents the modesty , nativity , and yes , hypocrisy of the eighties as they were characterized by PART of that era's media : Minimal violence , covered up bodies (taken to the extreme) and values that in today's eyes would seem ridiculous and detached from reality (that is , the reality the motion pictures sell of course) .<br />To conclude , if you like Bridges too , look for him in other movies and let this one rest in peace - buried deep in the past .
0446608955|4.0|The book that I read was called A Walk to Remember by Nicholas Sparks. This book was about a boy named Landon Carter that grew up in the care of his mother because his father, Worth Carter was a congressman that had to go places and could never be with his son. Landon believed that his father was supposed to go away sometimes.<BR> Landon found out in kindergarten, from his best friend, Eric Hunter, that fathers were not supposed to leave you. Their family was in a great deal of depression back then.<BR> As Landon grew older, he became more like his father, his mother said. Soon Landon was in Beaufor High School were he met a girl named Jamie Sullivan. Since he didn't have a date for homecoming, he took her. They went and had a great time except when they had to take Angela Clarke, a girl that Landon went out with, home because she got drunk and they felt sorry for her. Landon and Jamie grew very close to one another. Landon would walk her home almost every night. She began to really like him that you could tell a little bit of realization going between them.<BR> Until one day, Jamie just couldn't take it anymore. She was hiding something from Landon that she didn't want him to know. She was dying from leukemia and didn't want this to affect their relationship with each other. Landon didn't know to think so they got married and she died while holding his hand.
0140186409|4.0|After losing their family farm in the red country of Oklahoma, the Joads must move to California to find their dreams and a better way of living.  Together, they give support as well as life to their fellow neighbors who are experiencing the same difficulties of traveling to the west for a more satisfactory life.<br />I thought this book was very well written by John Steinbeck because he brought out each character very distinctly.  None of the characters were EXACTLY the same as another. I could almost imagine myself working together with the Joads, scraping around for food and water, trying to survive just for a better life.  Steinbeck captured all the touching moments as well as the tough times that the Joads went through, and brought them altogether in the end.<br />Another reason why I enjoy Steinbeck's books: Stated in the Nobel Prize Acceptance Speech of 1962 - &quot;The ancient commission of the writer has not changed. He is charged with exposing our many grievous faults and failures, with dredging up to the light our dark and dangerous dreams for the purpose of improvement.&quot;<br />Our imperfections that we often try to hide from the world is brought straight out to us in Steinbeck's books.  He is not afraid to state the facts. But, even with those flaws we are working towards growth and development in our lives.<br />I relate The Grapes of Wrath to Of Mice and Men because just like the Joads who are moving to improve their lifestyle, George and Lennie are doing the same on a smaller scale.  They are all in search for their dreams and goals that they set for themselves. Furthermore, I do recommend The Grapes of Wrath if you want to experience the captivating characters and the hardships one family goes through to find happiness.
B000059Z8J|5.0|Recommended for anyone who needs an escape...  fully entertaining and the views of the city are unequaled
B00003CXPD|5.0|Every widowed or single father should see this movie.  A beautiful story with a brilliant actor portraying the heartbreak of childhood and strife.<BR>Set in Ireland during a horrendous class struggle, the movie was set off by the wonderful cast.<BR>Enjoy...
0783226837|5.0|Never before has a movie been so jam packed with as much action, comedy and suspense as this wonderful little flick brought to us by the director of City Slikers, and the Writers of Wild Wild West and Short Circuit.<br />Val (Kevin Bacon) &amp; Earl (Fred Ward) are two handymen who are tired of doing odd jobs in the small desert town of perfection, Nevada, and so decide to move into the city in search of better things.<br />What they didn't bank on, was the arrival of the giant underground monsters, we know as Graboids....<br />The film is a rollercoaster ride of thrills and spills, which you can't help but keep going back to. The Chemistry between Bacon and Ward works better than Moranis and Martin, and its a wonder they haven't done other projects together.<br />If your searching for a hardcore gore fest, tremors is not for you, but if you want nothing more than a bleeding good time on a saturday night then this DVD is a must for you collection.
0375703861|1.0|There was a lot of hype about this book and I sat down with it looking for an intelligent, absorbing, old-fashioned good read.<br />Instead, I found a horribly over-written book about people and places that I could not warm up to no matter how I tried.  <BR>The world in this book is an ugly, lawless place filled with characters that become less and less endearing as the book goes on.  I was looking forward to the ending as I'd heard that everything came together, but it did not in any meaningful fashion, and I was so relieved to finally finish it.
B00005KHEU|4.0|I enjoyed this album when it came out in May of 1979. I remember just after my freshman year of college ended, and this was the album all the pop stations played on our many road trips down to Galveston that summer. What I thought were weak cuts then turned out stronger now. The remastering helped tons! I have a new appreciation for &quot;Need Her Love&quot; even though back in '79 I thought it had one verse too many. &quot;Wishing&quot; brings back sad memories of love lost, but hey, a little nostalgia is good for the soul (I wonder what happened to Sharon...)!<br />Onto the additions. This album would have rated an extra half star from me if Jeff had left off the &quot;On the Run&quot; and &quot;Second Time Around&quot; samples! The Del Shannon song, &quot;Little Town Flirt&quot; is not tune you'd expect from a band who did the Eldorado album, but, as a quartet (with the second dubbed acoustic guitar in 2001) they sound like they had a lot of fun doing it. There had to be something else Jeff could have put in here, but what? I know they were touring for the &quot;Out of the Blue&quot; when they recorded DiscoVery (a Richard Tandy quip), but a different bonus would have helped.<br />So, summing up... sound: great, bonus tracks: 1 great, 2 bad! I'd give 3.5 stars, but can't, so I'll round up.
B00005K3OT|5.0|First of all, reviewer Jeremy Heilman must have gone into watching the film with a bad attitude or something. He missed the point of the entire movie. Anyway...<br />You can read the other reviews to get a synopsis of the film. This is a very understated movie, it doesn't &quot;jump&quot; out at you and grab you by the throat. and that's a good thing. It's a gentle telling of tolerance, personal growth and kinship with others. I am Catholic, and I did not find it offensive. You cannot blame the Church for its doctrines or methods, only the people using them for their own gain or ideas to thrust upon others that do not see it the same way.<br />Vianne tempts the townspeople by letting them come to her, not going to them. The chocolate she makes resurrects what is deep within all of us, waiting to reappear after being beaten down by overbearing people or life. A great story told exceptionally well.
0380778556|5.0|I really enjoyed reading this book,  it really held my interest.  I would give it more stars if I could.
0805062971|3.0|Fight Club (the movie) is a true cult classic.  The movie would not have been possible without the book.  Chuck Palahniuk weaves a tortured tale about _____ _____? (the narrator) and Tyler Durden.  The story is cool and believable.  In fact, I have come up with several versions of a Fight Club II in my own mind after reading Palahniuks novels and watching the movie.  I'd seen the movie twenty times or more before ever reading the book.  It became imperative that I read the book.  Between Palahiuk and the screenplay writer, and David Finchers exquisite directing the movie was a masterpiece.  The book, however left something to be desired.
B00005N9CV|5.0|Wow! I'm totally surprised to read some of the negative reviews of this cd. I think The Look of Love more than meets the high standards she set on When I Look In Your Eyes (a cd I sooo loved). What's not to like here? Yes it's packed with slow, lazy ballads, backed by lush musical arrangements, but so what? I love that kind of thing. Admittedly she doesn't take the same kind of chances she's taken in previous cds, but I don't think that's such an awful thing (as long as it doesn't become a habit). When I listened to When I Look In Your Eyes I always wanted there to be  10 more songs added to it. Now I've got it.
B00005AXEL|5.0|This album is without a doubt one of Stevie's best albums, being up there with Belladonna and The Wild Heart. Even though as everyone may notice, her voice register has dropped. But who really cares? She has never sounded stronger vocally, as far as pretty much being in tune with every note. For example, listen to Street Angel, then compare it to this album. Stevie's voice is also kept more in front of the entire mix on this album, as to where her other albums, even with Fleetwood Mac, it was kept more distant.<BR>     As far as the songs go......they speak for themselves. Most of these songs were written by Stevie, actually many years back. She took a lot of these songs from old demos she had written in the late seventies. Take &quot;Planets of the Universe&quot; for example. That one was written about ex-boyfriend or whatever you want to call it Lindsey Buckingham. <BR>       Even though it took some time for this album to come out ( 7 years!!) it was definately worth the wait. There is not one bad song on this album, and Stevie has never sounded better. This one you'll definately be playing over and over.
B00005N9CV|2.0|Diana Krall has a lovely voice and nice songs, but not up to her usual standards. It reminds me of Julie London, but with less force and energy. The album is too weak in interpretation and misses musical guts.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I have to say that my mom is to blame for me likeing the Beatles. I'm a teenager, and I definitely wasn't around when the Beatles were. I'm more of a Pop fan and into the Backstreet Boys. My mom is a huge Beatles fan, and she has a bunch of their tape cassettes and listens to them all the time in the car. I've actually gotten pretty used to the Beatles' music and when my mom got this cassette - I actually kind of &quot;borrowed&quot; it from her and listened to it on my own. It's very good and it definitely has all of the Beatles' greatest hit songs. Some of my personal favorites include: &quot;Lady Madonna&quot;, &quot;Ticket To Ride&quot;, and a bunch of others. I don't really care for today's Hard Metal Rock, but I actually enjoy listening to Rock 'N' Roll and Classic Rock. I still can't believe how popular the Beatles are today as they were back in the '60s and '70s. As being a huge Backstreet Boys fan, I just hope the BSB can be still popular twenty years from now! All in all, THE BEATLES 1 is a great album and I strongly recommend to all Beatles fans. It's great and a must-have for your Beatles collection! :-)
B00003CX9E|5.0|The print and transfer on this DVD are nothing short of stunning--  I've never seen the film look this good.  (Makes me sad for all of the classics that only exist in scratchy old dupes; not to mention the ones that don't exist at all any more.)  The extras-- documentary, commentaries, etc.-- are also excellent.  You simply can't ask for a better video presentation (well, short of an HDTV disk).<br />As for the movie itself, well, I like Welles' followup, &quot;The Magnificent Ambersons&quot; a little better, but I have no problem with calling Kane the greatest film ever made.  If you've never seen it (which is likely, since you're reading this), be warned that there's no one thing you'll see that'll make you see the greatness.  In fact, that's kind of what the movie itself is about: looking for simple answers when life is much too complex for that.<br />Also understand that there's a difference (or there *can be*) between a film that you think is the &quot;greatest&quot; and one that is your &quot;favorite&quot;.  There might be movies I watch more often than Kane, but I still think it's (at the very least) one of the top three or four greatest.  To use a lame analogy, the music you think is the &quot;greatest&quot; is probably not what you've got in your CD player right now.<br />Here's some of what to look for in Kane, if you've never seen it:<BR>The amazing cinematography (the Ebert commentary provides a lot of insight into it, but watch the movie first), which is still a major influence today.<BR>  + The acting, all of which is great.<BR>  + The screenplay, which gives us a large number of multi-layered characters, tightly woven together in a structure that was (and maybe still is) as unique in its day as &quot;Memento&quot; is today.<BR>  + The editing, which working in tandem with the cinematography and screenplay is not only revolutionary, but cleverly brings more depth to the film by guiding us through it in a very deliberate way.<br />I guess I'll stop here.  Again, my advice, though I know it's hard to do, is to just watch the film with an open mind, not with a stubborn &quot;OK, let's see what's so great about this God damned movie&quot; attitude.  And think about it afterward.  Maybe even watch it (or parts of it) with the Ebert commentary.<br />Enjoy!
0452282152|5.0|Tracy Chevalier's novel, _Girl With A Pearl Earring_ is fascinating for many reasons.  The beautiful young girl in the painting is breathtakingly fresh,wise and innocent.  It is these qualities that have been brought to life in the novel.  Chevalier shapes the mystery of who the young girl might have been into a believable plot.  Utilizing the little known facts about the famous artist,Vermeer, the author breathes life to the skeletal background.  She has also carefully researched life during the 1600's.  I love the style of the writing, simple like the painting.  I love the imagery used and the characterization of family members.  When a novel forces the reader to search the internet for Vermeer's paintings, it becomes more than a reading experience.  I love the fact that this then becomes an interdisciplary task, forcing the reader to carefully view all of the paintings mentioned in the text.  Tracy Chevalier will be studied by many students in colleges and high schools in the future.  The novel is as rich as the painting, and readers are indebted to the author for providing us with a plausible scenario.  Griet is a true literary heroine, and one can only hope that the model for the painting was as wise and beautiful (inside and out) as the character that has been created by this talented author.
B00005N5S5|5.0|The movie that has become a classic, the classic that has become a legend, the legend that has shaken the very foundation of special edition DVD.  This is a movie for almost everyone.  If you liked T2 then you must own the original Terminator.
B00005NWRS|1.0|The Press may believe in Ryan Adams. I do not. He is just a good imitator and nothing more. I just wonder if all this hype is payola from his record label. It seems most of the record industry types are dying to have another marketable Neil Young or Gram Parsons. With the exception of his punk band the Patty Duke Syndrome, I have never heard anything original from him. They were a band that had some worthy ideas. Gold is contrived and so derivative it reeks of thievery. However, since he is playing music that is tried and true and radio friendly for the mindless masses to consume; perhaps he can become the major labels new marketable poster boy.
B00004ZB9D|1.0|to put out a greatest hits cd like this and slap a piece of garbage song on it like &quot;again.&quot;  who let bryan adams take over lenny's body?<br />the rest of the songs on this cd are great, but if you buy this cd, you are a putz. this is hardly a selection of his best stuff.  get the original albums.
B00000AFHM|5.0|this is the intro to b&amp;s.  something here for everyone.  fast, slow, bass, acoustic, dance, folk.  definitely their most far-reaching effort.  stomp to the title track, trance through is it wicked, and just plain enjoy the whole album.  this is one of the best front to back albums i have ever heard.  i have yet to play it for someone and have them not enjoy it.  play this for a friend and you will soon have another fan at your side.  belle &amp; sebastian's crowning achievement.
B00000JHAU|4.0|this is the most consistently mellow of the b&amp;s albums out there.  the first time i listened to it, i didn't like it as much as tigermilk or arab strap--it lacked the up-tempo catchy tunes of other b&amp;s efforts.  but this one grew on me and now, when i just want to relax, i pull this cd out.  like few other albums, this is one where you won't find a track you have to skip every time.  just let this one play all the way through.  i wouldn't pick this album as your intro to belle &amp; sebastian...acquire their taste with the boy with the arab strap and then see if you like their mellow side....
B00003XB8K|5.0|Unlike other songs,Enigma fill you with pure estasys.The songs are full of emotions and the music is inspiring.My fave song from the whole soundtrack is Gravity of Love,I think the song make u forget all your worries and send your spirit free.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|Jeez I hate to waste my opportunity to review this movie right now but the purpose of these reviews is to be helpful. The most helpful thing I can happily contribute is Disney is releasing Beauty and the Beast on DVD next year and plans to release each subsequent film on a one per year basis. That means Aladdin probably won't be available for two years and Lion King for three. Its very frustrating to have to wait this long for these titles and hopefully public pressure will encourage them to accelerate the pace of the release.  As far as the new Beauty and the Beast disc goes I believe you can expect to see some of the following supplements. Addition of the deleted song &quot;Be Human Again&quot; sung by the enchanted objects in the house after Belle arrives and they begin to have hope the curse will be broken...(This will not be added to the film itself) Pencil animated version of 'Be Our Guest&quot; where the song is sung to Maurice instead of Belle. Belle was swapped in to make the story flow better. Television promotional featurette for the film with interviews with Angela Lansbury Paige O'Hara and other cast members as well as animators Glenn Keane Will Finn and others. I suspect there will be a commentary, concept sketches and storyboard images.  I am one of the few people to have seen this but I would love it if they would include as a hidden easter egg a joke animation from &quot;Gaston.&quot;  When Gaston sings....and every last inch of me's covered with hair&quot; he pulls open his shirt and instead of the hairy chest is a pair of flouncy bosoms in a bra with tassels. I wouldn't count on that one.  Depending if they want to release a two disc version at the same or different price you might also get Beauty and the Beast the Work in Progress reel.  Which is another full version of the film in an unfinished state shown in a limited pre-screening. Inserted throughout the film where it was not yet completed are either rough, cleanup pencil or storyboard sketches to fill in the gaps. Its a fascinating way to see the animation process in its various stages.  As the disc is not finalized yet I can not say for one hundred percent sure what will be included. If it is like the new Snow White DVD there could be a heck of a lot more. I would not expect to see the DVD until next Summer at the very earliest and probably not 'til winter. I know many of you are wondering when? when? when? so I am sacrificing my opportunity to review one of my favorite films to let you know.
B00000DFTG|4.0|I've been a Sabbath fan for about 2 years now(since i was 15), and these are all great songs, and to be honest, it's just like &quot;we sold our souls for rock'n'roll&quot; but Live. And i'm always a sucker for live material of my favorite bands, so i bought it. The only real disappoint for me was Sabbath Bloody Sabbath. i love that song on the LP, and live with Tony Martin, but Ozzy didnt do the last 2 verses (didnt do'em on speak of the devil either). that is the only truely bad thing,as far as the songs go... I like the studio track 'selling my soul', too. <BR>BUT Ozzy's so into cursing onstage now.. which is why i prefer Live Evil (that, and i'm a pretty much hardcore DIO fan). If you're a sabbath fan you should get this, if you're not, try buying some of the earlier albums.. Like Sabotage, Sabbath Bloody Sabbath and Vol. 4.
0671799320|5.0|My interest in Daniel Yergin's &quot;The Prize&quot; was piqued earlier in the year, when energy, not terrorism, was the most pressing domestic problem.  For an economy that had gotten so caught up with the intangibles, with over-hyped, un-real products (haven't we all had enough of &quot;e-business solutions?&quot;), it was refreshing to study an industry dealing with a very tangible product whose supply is so essential to the survival of our economy itself.<br />&quot;The Prize&quot; traces the history of oil from its humble, entrepreneurial beginnings in the hillsides of western Pennsylvania, to the shrewd domination of the industry by John D. Rockefeller, to the breakup of Standard Oil, and through the discovery of oil in the farthest flung corners of the globe.  Part of Yergin's history is something of a tragedy: the gradual seizure of oil from the voyagers who discovered it by national governments who were able to use their seizures to threaten the West during the 1973 oil shock and beyond.  In this one very big instance, third world governments really did take on multinational corporations -- and defeated them.<br />Yergin chronicles how oil went from a freewheeling business of refiners and speculators to an instrument of great geopolitical importance, one where nation-states played at least as great a role in shaping the industry as the oil companies did.  In this transition, anything could -- and did -- happen.  Rock bottom prices threatened the survival of oil producers one year, and sky-high prices forced drastic changes in consumer behavior the next (indeed, &quot;The Prize&quot; does give one a crystal-clear view of the price mechanism).  Nightmare scenarios involving the political manipulation of oil did indeed come to pass in 1973, in 1979, and during the Gulf War.  There is no shortage of high drama throughout this story.<br />One thing I would add to this book is a few pages, no more, no less, on the science and technology behind oil.  What is it --or what do we think it came from?  How is it extracted?  How have new technologies increased efficiency?  <br />If you want a business history that will simultaneously teach you quite a bit about world history (and about the Middle East), &quot;The Prize&quot; is a sure bet.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I want to start provocative:Every so called Star Wars fan who doesn't like this movie,is NO Star wars fan and hasn't understood<BR>anything what Star Wars is actually all about!I am so tired of having to read,people ripping this phenomenal masterpiece apart.<BR>You have to bear in mind that this is the beginning of the saga and all the characters are being introduced to the audiece.<BR>I love every single movie done by George Lucas.In my opinion,he is the best filmmaker,at least on this planet.This is not just a stupid no brainer like Amargeddon,Independence day and the like.<BR>This is a part of a series,a family saga.The biggest project ever attempted in film history!It's awesome,bind-bending,beyond good and evil.It's the jewel under the movies.Everything from story(world-connecting),costumes(the most beautyful in any film),the design(the most ambitious),the sfx(simply staggering-giant-head-expolding-perfect),simply everything is perfect about this film!The people who still don't get it,should try to think and deal with bigger dimensions,to be able to see the whole picture,which is esantially the major problem of mankind.People are soo narrow-minded.Try harder,at least try,not just with this film but always.This way,you can avoid a lot of damage!Thank you!<BR>The Dvd is Perfect(relative).The picture is almost flawless and always a pleasure to watch,never anything distracting.The new scenes are awesome!The sound is amazing in every regard.The extras are genius!This is the first Dvd,which satisfies me in every way!Thank you Lucas and Team!You earn my highest respect and gratefulness!<BR>In all:This is a must own for every one who considers Star Wars:episode1-the phantom menace to be a great movie.Bye!!
0066620694|5.0|This book presents a new way of thinking about the business world.  Most companies lose sight of these essential principles.  Learning and applying these ideas can be crucial for any company.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you still don't own this movie run out and get it.  Especially if you can buy it used for half the price of a new one.  I loved it everytime I saw it.  Great movie indeed.
B00004SCX6|4.0|The cd is pretty good. It has some of Britneys best songs on it. I really liked Lucky. Its not my favorite cd but I still enjoyed it. The songs are cute and good. Over all the cd is really good.
B00005AR3G|5.0|I personally loved this movie and watched it twice in the theater.  Once with 6 year old daughter(who hated it) and second time with 14 year old daughter who found it very funny.  Buy it you won't be sorry.  Excellent cartoon.  John Goodman is great.
0205313426|2.0|Accurate and concise, a real time saver!
B00003CXRM|5.0|Joel and Ethan Cohen have taken us into the inner depths of Americana. From the Cold recesses in the Midwest in &quot;Fargo,&quot; the bland suburbs of LA in &quot;The Big Lebowski&quot; and the solitude of the deserts in &quot;Raising Arizona&quot;. Now The Coens have taken us into the heart of the Deep South in the 1930's in an imaginative and surrealistic telling of one of the original novels in the history of writing. <br />Obviously it took the Coens a while to properly concieve Homer's &quot;Odyssey&quot; not only in a different setting but as a comedy which boasts a surprisingly piquant wit. Well they've managed to do it in an almost seamless manner. As you can see the Coens wasted no time in setting the scene. Opening with sweeping crane, and still shots of a chain gang singing their haunting melody. Then soon we jump to a montage of our heroes Ulysses Everett McGill, Pete Hogswallop, and Delmar O'Donnell, making a discreet yet clumsy escape from &quot;The Farm&quot; while incorporated with richly authentic, old-timey music. It shows us that these three men obviously have a long difficult path to follow. Then post-credits we are immediately supplied with a hilarious physical gag right out of the gate. Then soon we finally get the taste of the trio's personalities. spontaneously you see that Everett is a proud man who attempts to be intellectually inclined. Then you have Pete, who's highly rough-around-the-edges. The there's the clueless but good-hearted Delmar. Immediately they set up the characters likeability within the first five minutes with the sparkling dialogue. Which has become a staple in the Coen Brothers' illustrious careers.<br />Aside from the films delightful surprises you get to see some of our favorite actors, new and old, playing charaters that go beyond unique. Probably the one most worth mentioning is George Clooney as Everett. The casting job couldn't have been more perfect(Clooney now has a Golden Globe to prove it). As you watch him boast and brag you see the constant look that states that he's so sure that he is right all the time.  When in reality the opposite is the truth. Next there's John Tuturro as Pete. His stance and his gruff tone display his harsh, rough upbrining. Which explains his tendency to lash out. finally there's Tim Blake Nelson (Director of &quot;O&quot;) and his performance as Delmar. Nelson's performance is dead-on target. even when he's handing George &quot;babyface&quot; Nelson his Tommy Gun, he still asks what George's profession is after George opens fire on the police giving chase then on helpless livestock. And you can see the childlike innocence on his face when he whimpers &quot;Oh, George, Not the Livestock.&quot;<br />And even the otherwordly characters from the basis novel. make unique and symbolic appearances from the blind wandering prophet, the Cyclops (played to perfection by Coens Alumi John Goodman.), plus the standout scene of the three sirens singing seducing and sedating our three heroes. &quot;Those Sirens loved him up and turned him into a... Horny Toad!&quot; <br />You gotta love the utter creativity and originality that was put into this film. I won't go around saying that everyone will enjoy this film because it's a confirmed fact that The Coen Brother's films are an aquired taste. Only the intellectually inclined will find this film to be a hilarious romp. But if you have an open mind, don't hesitate to give it a try.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This Special Edition DVD is simply the finest DVD Walt Disney has brought out thus far.  As &quot;The one that started it all&quot; Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs deserved to be a good DVD set , nevertheless this double disc set outshone even my expectations and I'm a Snow White nut par excellence!!<br />  They have gone to town in every department - the transfer both audiophonically and visually is nothing short of breathtaking  -  far surpassing the laserdisc version of a few years ago.  The clarity of both sound and vision really left me astonished .  The extras are great too - the comparisons of storyboard art and finished movie sequences are a nice touch, as is the Slave of the Magic Mirror as Our Host - a most effective series of new animated slots which add a lot to the set. All in all this is a  DVD Box Set which should be on the shelves of every movie buff  - an excellent addition to enhance any collection!
B00005JKES|5.0|As a major David Lynch fan, I must say that I am quite pleased with the upcoming release of this boxed set. To put everyone's mind at ease regarding the pilot, I say, \\"Please be patient.\\" Artisan simply doesn't have the rights to the pilot, only the episodes themselves. However, I'm very sure that whoever has the rights to the pilot (I think it's Warner Bros.) will release the pilot as soon as they see how well the season one boxed sets are doing. They wouldn't release the pilot now in the uncertainty of how well they will sell(Even though they will). They will release it soon after the figures are in regarding sales. So have faith and be patient. Your pilot will be released.
B000001E7T|5.0|The raw passion and erotic edginess of PJ Harvey are<BR> probably better understood in light of the Bronte sisters and Sylvia Plath than Chrissie Hynde and Patti Smith.  The record &quot;To Bring You My Love&quot; has a kind of uncensored emotional honesty and yet keen intellectual schema that represent a fusion of heart and mind rare in any of the artistic media.  The only pop music recording that comes close in the last 30 years or so is Joni Mitchell's landmark &quot;Blue.&quot;  This recording is a whole, and should be listened to as such, to appreciate the wild peaks of the opening, title track to the more cerebral &quot;Working for the Man&quot; and &quot;Down By the Water.&quot;  But there is a harrowing beauty to &quot;Teclo&quot; and &quot;The Dancer&quot; -- in the vocal performances as well as in the musicianship and songwriting -- that should elevate these songs and this remarkable artist to the status of one of the great torch singers in any genre.
B000003N7R|5.0|Coltranes improvsational skills are the stuff of legend, that coupled with Duke Ellington, with his prodigious output of (over 1000)compositions, are here on one memorable recording for the true jazz afficionado. Can you say classic? The CD is steeped in tradition but there is enough freeform to expand the art of jazz. This is a sublime recording for the ages. The old master and the then, young lion mixing it up for a rousing yet touching series of songs that are torch songs that sizzle all at once. This might be the perfect place to sample Coltrane for the neophyte. Totally acessible, melodic and rhythmic the Trane is featured on tenor with other members of his classic quartet minus McCoy Tyner of course, this is after all Duke and Coltrane. All the songs are splendid expressive examples of jazz not to be missed. &quot;Take The Coltrane&quot; is a song written to allow Coltrane to display his skills, as he demonstrates his developing improvisational style. The whole CD is exellent but my faves have to be the timeless and forever classic songs &quot;In a Sentimental Mood&quot; and Billy Strayhorn's &quot;My Little Brown Book, &quot; both with there unsurpassed nostalgia and haunting lyricicm. It doesn't get any better than this for pure jazz. A jazz lovers delight this CD belongs alongside the best of the old revived in your new CD collection. Buy this often overlooked masterpiece, two legends in harmony as one expression of jazz.
B00004R9A1|5.0|oliver is a cat. gets caught by a little girl while helping out a gang of dogs. later returns to gang, then is kid\cat-napped.<br />then oliver returns home to the little girl.
B00005N9CV|2.0|I really, really wanted to love this album, because Diana Krall is just so talented.  But alas, I must agree with the folks who feel that she has abandoned her strengths.  I agree very much with the fella below who discusses the &quot;George-Bensonization&quot; of Diana Krall.  Diana Krall is a &quot;musicians musician&quot;, or at least she was...but not on this album.  If you loved her other albums because of their intimate vocals and fabulous piano playing, you will be disappointed with this effort.  You should probably still buy it, but don't expect her old magic.  This is an album of sophisticated background music, albeit excellent background music.  I have all her CDs and this is her poorest effort.  If you like jazz at all, buy any of her other recordings first.  On the other hand, if you LOVE Celine Dion or Streisand, buy this one first and work your way backwards.  By the way if you like Diana Krall, check out Julie London, you'll like her too.
B00004XONN|5.0|The image of polygonal mountains is a very apropiate cover for this collection of songs. People will debate endlessly on the meaning of the album, some say that it is the story of the first cloned human, others think it is an evolved OK Computer. Whatever the meaning or interpretation you will be changed.
068483605X|2.0|This book was very boring. I could barely read it. Maybe it's not the type of book i can read or something but it just seemed to really drag on and the different vocabulary just threw me off. If your a rabbit go ahead and read the book otherwise don't bother
B00003XB8K|5.0|First off, this is just music. Second of all, if you're going to call it trash, get your facts straight. Third of all, there's no need to whine about the album not meeting your expectacions: Nobody cares. As long as you keep your reviews short, simple, and to the point, people will listen. . .<br />Anyways, I have to say, this is my favorite Enigma album. I own the previous three as well {And I am getting the L.S.D. THE GREATEST HITS CD as well!}. Out of all four, this is the most complex, the most sensual, the one with more life and effort put into it. Don't get me wrong, the previous three albums are worth the money, its just that this album combines so many different elements, chants, and a detailed soundscape that it makes it the best one. Some of the better songs in the album are &quot;Push The Limits&quot;, &quot;Gravity Of Love&quot;, &quot;Smell Of Desire&quot;, the very beginning of &quot;Modern Crusaders&quot;, &quot;The Screen Behind The Mirror&quot;, and my favorite track on the whole album, &quot;Silence Must Be Heard&quot;. <br />So remember, if you want to smile, sleep, meditate, or dance, you can't go wrong with this album. And ladies and gentlemen, The Screen Behind The Mirror IS worth the money!...
0440219078|3.0|When I first read this book, I wasn't too impressed.  It seemed to me that it was another story of pure imagination and little reason if any.  <BR>  After a while, I started to realize the message that Lois Lowry was trying to convey.  She was stating the dangers of pure conformity and tradition.  They had left individuality, and even justice, to distort it to fit their conformist beliefs.   <BR>  In that society's beliefs, killing the old or handicapped was not only normal, but right.  Only the Giver understood the pain of loss, the value of human life and individuality, and everything that had been left behind by society.  <BR>  The Giver contained a lot of imagination, but now that I look back on it, I see the reasoning.
B00005NW02|5.0|Whoever has he original cd, can you please send information that includes the tracks and how long they are. and how long the entire cd is. This would be greatly appreciated. Thanks.<br />By the way, this cd rocks and i definately recomend it to anyone who like rock music!
B00000J048|4.0|Originally purchased for our 5 year-old granddaughter, this toy is a little above her developmental stage, and apparently above her grandparents as well!   She and we  became frustrated in trying to fit the white gear connectors to the gear pieces, and then attaching the coupled piece onto the frame.  Our 8 and 11 year-old granddaughters, however, love it and fight over playing with it!
0440178002|5.0|I would ride the train to the World Trade Center in the late 70's and could not take my eyes &amp; mind from the book Shogun.  This was the first large book I did not have to be made to read.  There was a couple of times on my way to or from work, when I would purposely not get off my train stop because I had to finish reading the chapter to find out what was going to happen next.  I reread this book last month with excitement throughout every chapter and now I'm giving my son a copy for his birthday.
014028009X|5.0|Such an excellent book - although I live halfway across the world, born  &amp; bred in Asia, I find it totally funny and sad and I could relate to it.  I especially find it beautiful her strong staunch relationships with her friends who never let her down! Wish I had friends like that! A must read - and re-read it if you feel like your life's a complete mess.
B00005JKES|5.0|I just wanted to say that the pilot would be on the disc, but there is a copyright battle.  You can buy an all region dvd of the pilot on ebay or scarecrow.com
B00004Z4SD|4.0|Compelling art from an artist like the best known TWISTED Lynch, this story brings out the soft spots in Lynch's beautiful work. Straight Story is a compelling, sweet and honest movie about care and family. Farnsworth pulls off a warm, dedicated and lovable performance. Lynch gives the feel of the story as he always does, trademarked with a classic.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Nearly 2/3's of a century later, Snow White &amp; the Seven Dwarfs still has the power to enchant and amuse and beguile.  The restoration is fabulous, with clean, crisp &amp; clear picture and beautiful digitized sound.  It looks and sounds as it must have been intended, if not better, and this first full-length animated story still delivers.  Your children and grandchildren should love it.<br />There are two Discs just chock-a-block with goodies.  There are documentaries, background stories, features on animation, games for the kids, galleries of original drawings, deleted sequences and so on.  As much or more than you ever wanted to know about the making of this landmark film.  There is so much to see that more than one viewing is essential.  <br />I found the influences of European artists Disney brought in to create the overall look of the film, evoking German fairy tales, interesting.  Of course there is the inevitable Disney Co. commercial inherent in some of the presentation (they are a Marketing juggernaut in case you didn't notice), but that is to be expected and is minor.  The different Special Features are beautifully presented with new animation and different human guides.<br />If you are interested in what went into making a landmark of animation, you will certainly find something of interest here.  If not, you still have the marvelously presented feature itself. <br />After viewing most of all of the 2 discs, what struck me most was a renewed respect for Walt Disney's courage and vision.  He continually bet the farm (with brother Roy backing him) on his own gut instincts &amp; intuition.  That, and his absolute demand for craft and creativity and excellence.  I grew up with Uncle Walt, on TV and successful,  and it is good to remember that he had no safety net or guarantees when he layed it all on the line for what he wanted to do.  He was a true American genius, a crazy combination of savvy entrepeneur, craftsman, artist, visionary, gambler, and Marketing whiz.  He was one in a million.
B0000399WC|5.0|You can truly empathize with Papillon. The French penal system of the era was abysmal. This film does a great job of showing just how awful the prisoners had it.<br />I imagine that most of them just gave up on living. But, Papillon would not. He tries many times. Crossed and double crossed. Still he goes on.<br />This is a long film. On regular TV, they show it as Part 1 &amp; 2. <br />This is another must have for anyone interested in historical adventure films.......
B00003CXN4|2.0|I rent this film because of the names, the 4 Oscars and the description as a thriller.<BR>It's a fair story but not a thriller!<BR>Furthermore, the part of judge Robert Wakefield (Michael Douglas)was not of any importance the way it was presented. To be more interesting, it should have been more developed, I think. <BR>I expected he would be more personal, more involved in the plot than just visiting the general in Mexico. And his daughter was addicted...so? He sent her to the group...so? The wife's part was completely absent and inactive as a mother...We could live without. The film itself is a drama. Not an action film or a thriller as we were presented by the trailers. Sorry, gyus!
B000006OS2|1.0|Goodtimes DVD transfer was obviously from a poor quality copy.  Watching this version was like watching the movie in a matinee after the film had been shown a hundred times (accept that this version is a standard screen pan and scan version).  You can see the film's imperfections, spots, vertical scratch lines.  Some scenes even seem a bit out of focus.  The color isn't too bad for a bargain video, except in a few scenes that seem washed out.  I've always liked the movie and hope it is eventually released in a much better version.  Buy the Goodtimes version only if you really love this film and you buy it at a really bargain price.
B00003CXAA|4.0|Francis Coppola's trilogy finally makes its appearance on DVD, an it was worth the wait.  Of course III is fatally weakened by the bizarre casting of Sofia Coppola, but the first two films more than compensate, indeed this is one series where the sequel even tops the original Godfather film.<br />All the performances are excellent: Brando is humane and commanding (although the padded cheeks add nothing to his character), Pacino makes his traversal from gangster ingenue to mob boss more than convincing, and de Niro is superb as the young Vito Corleone.  Also do not forget the excellent Robert Duvall and James Caan in the first film.<br />The DVD transfers are first rate.  In Godfather I there is very occasionally a hint of sky grain in some scenes, but for the most part the image is rock solid, with no grain or edge enhancement, showing off the peerless photography of Gordon Willis.<br />Beam up chapter 12 in The Godfather where Michael returns to Sicily to check out how good this transfer is.  Colours are natural and vivid, and there are only a handful of tiny flecks or nicks throughout the films, so the prints are in nigh on pristine condition.<br />The sound is also superb: the organ pedal notes during the famous christening sequence are stunning in their depth.<br />This set is worth every penny of its asking price, and has not dated, although it also shows how fine a TV series The Sopranos is, matching these films in terms of script, performances and direction.
B000003AEB|5.0|This album flows more than michael jackson on rollerblades. Dre. and Snoop are like cheese and bread. a perfect combination. snoops delivery and dres laid back beats, but at the same time uptempo beats are better than anyone else out there. and this at both artists peak, a must have for any rap fan. 1 more thing, check out &quot;aint no fun&quot; its the best song ever made.
B000050XEI|5.0|I had always felt Watermark was Enya's best Cd, until I bought A Day Without Rain.  Although the CD is a bit short--35 minutes--the quality of the music makes up for it.  This CD, more than any of Enya's previous releases, had greater emotional impact, and the message of the music seemed much more powerful to me.  Track 3, Only time, is the only song to gain widespread radio airtime, but there are at least two other tracks on the CD (Tracks 2 and 10) which I find equally as good, if not better.  I've bought this CD for several friends after discovering it, all have enjoyed it.
0679720200|5.0|What started as an obstacle between me and my plans to get drunk and watch TV all summer, ended up being a delicious 120-page dive into one of the most fascinating philosophies of all time.  Camus introduces to us M. Meursault, the epitome of existentialism.  I was forced to read this book for my AP Lit course.  I enjoyed it so much, not only because it was the shortest but also because it was written in the kind of English I speak (as opposed to the other two books, King Lear and Tess of the d'Urbervilles :-]).  The more I read, the more I felt like part of Meursault.  His nonchalance made sense to me.  It was wonderful.  A great read for all seventeen year olds out there!
B000056K04|4.0|It seems like everyone is complaining about the shorter songs and less jams... I call it evolution.  I have enjoyed &quot;Everyday&quot; and it's songs such as &quot;I Did It&quot; and &quot;The Space Between&quot; and while it might not be their best album, it's very good.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|The title brings to mind what Tchaikovsky said when he was accused of stealing whole sections of Beethoven's music and inserting them into his own: &quot;But I have a right! I love him!&quot;<br />So it is with Dylan. He's successfully raided the chicken coop of old-timey American music for the material out of which he's fashioned something entirely new, and boys, it shimmers.
0452282152|3.0|but a little thin for a novel. I've heard people rave about this book, and it is a charming little story, quite lovingly written. I understand why some readers have responded so enthusiastically to this and the spate of other novels that have come out recently that involve Dutch painters. Others are &quot;Girl in Hyacinth Blue&quot; about a fictional Vermeer painting, &quot;Johanna&quot;, about the widow of Van Gogh's brother and even &quot;Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister&quot; which includes a character referred to as 'the Master' (really the best of the bunch). It seems a little mean-spirited to criticize this book too harshly because I enjoyed it too, but the story is small, and the characters' concerns are uber-domestic. Even the writing is simplistic, verging on Hemingwayesque, not a plus. I'd give it a B-, and since somebody has probably already optioned the rights to it, I recommend waiting for the movie.
B00003CXSP|4.0|Well, several people don't think Hannibal was as good as Silence, but I disagree. I actually think it was better. I just watched Silence, after watching Hannibal, and the first one just isn't as good. I thought Julianne Moore equaled the performance of Foster, and I don't think the movie was too gory. This movie was not about Buffalo Bill, it was about Hannibal, hence the name. Would you not expect it to be a bit more graphic? He slices, dices and eats people. Why in the world would someone with a weak stomach even think of watching it? The storyline is much more difficult to follow and predict. Excellent suspense. Silence really didn't leave me wondering too much during the movie, but I could not predict what Hannibal was going to throw at me next. It's almost like a well produced Lynch film. Great movie. However, the second disk is an absolute waste of time. I don't even know why they bothered. Hannibal is just an evil man that is impossible to hate.
0714834491|5.0|I can't recommend it enough.  I don't know much about this Fletcher fellow but I'm beginning to feel quite a lot of appreciation for him.  Contains a plethora of food for thought and recipes for opening your mind (images, quotes, anecdotes, poems, drawings, puzzles, etc.)  Everyone should plow through this book and learn a thing or two about the importance of being able to change perspective on things-at will.  The world would be a better place.  P.S. It's lots of fun, you'll laugh and cry and vice versa.
0156907399|5.0|Stream of consciousness prose went in and out of style pretty fast, though some experimenters occasionally make use of it still no one used it to greater effect than Joyce and Woolf. Of course they had the advantage of using the style first and so it was new. In my opinion Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man was the best novel ever written in this style, but To the Lighthouse is the second best. Published in 1927 it deals with very large issues but in a very intimate setting. The Ramsay vacation home is visited every summer and every summer change and time itself makes its presence felt in varying ways on each of the consciousnesses that occuppy the house. The center consciousness is Mrs. Ramsay's whose quiet devotion to her family is compared to a freer kind of existence in the form of a female painter.  Mrs. Ramsay is a kind of beacon to her family, she provides the safety and comfort that comes with order and ritual. Her husband is the head of the family and the one more connected to worldly awareness and concerns but her less obvious and less defineable role is really the one that allows all to function. But things happen that cannot be controlled. The war breaks the routine that had been established over the years and after the war things are no longer as they were, there is a desolate feel as post war life resumes because things that were once there no longer are. The interior monologues that capture each character in their moments of being support an overall view being that most of life is lived alone and to oneself and forces we cannot control really determine the demeanor of our days,  our own decisions are important but in relation to the larger forces shaping them very small things. The books of the twenties are still the best. A quiet book that sends very deep and resonant waves through ones mind and body.
0788812408|5.0|I'd been looking for this video for quite awhile for my daughter,  who was anxious to see \\"Ursula\\" after collecting some plastic likenesses of her.<br /><br />I love the Disney witches, and collect them with my daughter. Ursula is one of the best villains ever created.  She's right up there with \\"Maleficent\\", \\"The Evil Queen\\"/\\"Old Hag\\" and \\"Cruella DeVille\\".  She is wonderfully animated, and appropriately voiced with the deep guttural tone of Pat Carroll.  Her scenes in the movie are by far, my favorite ones.  I also like Sebastian the cranky, but sweet crab who helps Ariel's Dad, King Triton, look out for his landlubber daughter.<br /><br />\\"The Little Mermaid\\" is infinitely watchable  and not too scary like some Disney movies eg. 101 Dalmatians. That one in particular gave my daughter fears for months (see my review). I feel strongly, that unless indicated otherwise, a \\"childrens\\" G-rated movie should be happy, and this one is.<br /><br />If you want to get swept away by Disney, \\"The Little Mermaid\\"  is the film to choose.  Although it is a more recent entry,  it is very  reminiscent of the high quality, and uniqueness found in their earlier filmography.  \\"The Little Mermaid\\"  quickly gained status as a classic for this reason, and  just as quickly, it should gain a permanent spot in your film library too.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|&quot;The Beatles 1&quot; puts together some of their best and most loved songs.  How many other bands would even consider putting so much music onto one CD?  Yet, the Beatles have, much to our joy.  The greatest band in history (Next to my favorite - The Monkees) have gone beyond our wildest expectations with this CD.  With hit songs like &quot;Love Me Do&quot;, &quot;A hard Day's Night&quot;, &quot;Eight days A Week&quot;, &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot;, and one of my personal favorites, &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot; - &quot;The Beatles 1&quot; - is one CD every Beatles fan will want to have in their collection.  Oh, if only they had included &quot;She's Leaving Home&quot;, my heart would have been most content.  Well, this is still one CD no one can complain about.  I sure wouldn't.
B000002UAU|4.0|...sadly, no. The best Beatles album of all time? ...no, afraid not. The most important record of all time? ...yep, i can agree with that.<br /> Sgt. Pepper is undoubtedly the most influential album of all time. The way in which the album (pretty much McCartney's love child) placed the most extreme demands on the producer, George Martin, and the way in which he himself met those demands had never been seen before. And it is Martin who is really the unsung hero of this album.<br /> While hints at experimentation had been given in 1966's wonderful Revolver, it was here that the Beatles really pushed the boat out. The sheer scope of the album is impressive; the range of instruments used; the range of styles; the extraordinary overlapping techniques used to create the most wonderful sound effects - listen to &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; cranked up to max volume with headphones and you can really hear the exquisite overworldy detail that misses you on initial listenings.<br /> As beautifully constructed as this album is, it should not take away from that actual music. Yes, this is a majorly significant album, but is it a masterpiece?<br /> The answer is no. While their are great songs here, there are also average ones. &quot;Good Morning, Good Morning&quot;, is the weakest, the quality of the song not meeting the quality of the production values. &quot;Fixing A Hole&quot; &quot;Getting Better&quot; and &quot;With a Little Help from my Friends&quot; are all enjoyable songs, but none of them make you go &quot;Wow!&quot; And I, myself, just have no time for Georhe Harrison's sitar songs, so &quot;Within You, Without You&quot; is not for me.<BR> The album does have two great tracks, though; &quot;Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite&quot; is a wonderfully bouncy, non-sensical Lennon number, much like his later &quot;I Am the Walrus.&quot; And then there is &quot;Day in the Life&quot; a contender for best Beatles song of all time. Basically cobbled together froma Lennon song and a McCartney song, it shows them both at the height of their song writing powers.<BR> The album is not as themed as it would like you to think. In fact, only the beginning and ending Pepper reprise offers any kind of continuity. But this doesn't matter, Pepper is still enjoyable. Probably not the best Beatles album to start with, as it can take a while to crack into, but there is reward if your persistant.<BR> To end with, i want to recount a story about the realease of Pepper. Two days after it was released, McCartney and Harrison went to see Jimi Hendrix in concert. Hendrix opened with Sgt. Pepper. In only a short space of time he had not only learnt the piece, but added his won guitar solo. McCartney and Harrison were in disbelief, and McCartney was quoted as saying that Hendrix's version was a vast improvement on the original. And that kind of sums up the album, not bad, but, with all the resources at their disposal, a missed opportunity!
0064407667|5.0|First off, let's start by saying that the entire Series of Unfortunate Events has a plot that is so original I can't compare it to any other books, so I'm not going to. It has original characters, plots, themes, settings, and an overall ambiance that can be found nowhere else. Lemony Snicket, or whatever his name is, has quite an imagination. One thing, out of many, that I love so much about his books are that there are NO happy endings. There is almost NO sympathy for the characters. Hardly anything good every happens to them. The books are so... morbid. And yet the author manages to make them hilarious at the same time. I've laughed every single time someone's died. I have come across ONE other book with the ability to do that to me. The author has, in short, talent. A lot of it.<br />If you haven't already read these books, you should. You won't regret it.
0792156684|2.0|And so, we come to the most successful film of all time. I'm sure you know the story by now, so i won't bore you with that. One thing i will make clear though is that when i originally saw Titanic i had a higher opinion of it. Not much higher, mind. No, i just thought it was an okay film - a 3/5 as opposed to a 2/5. However, on repaeted viewings i have begun to see what a charlatan i was for giving it such a high rating. And lovers of the film can't say that watching it on video or DVD, &quot;diminishes the impact&quot; because the second time i saw it was again at the cinema. I have watched it since on the small screen, and it's even worse.<br /> Stripped of the impact that the undoubtedly wonderful special effects had on the big screen, you can really see the film for what it is. And it's not a pretty sight. Not that i hadn't noticed that on my second cinematic trip. But in the comfort of your home it's decidedly discomforting.<br /> James Cameron's film is about as vacuous as space, but less interesting. The priniciple lovers, (DiCaprio and Winslet) don't put in bad performances, it's just they have to deliver lines of dialogue of the lowest order.<br /> I always respected Cameron, but clearly his way with plot and dialogue does not match his mastery of special effects. Gripping though the Terminator films were, they weren't exactly stretched on the script front. But in Titanic, Cameron clearly has had a fair stab at keeping the audience for 3 hours, but has failed. The charcters are two dimensional, and at the worst horribly cliched (Evil suitor, cold prospective mother in law, sinister British sidekick, proud Captain, spunky Southern gal!) And as for characters who don't hale from America, they're given some awful lines to chew on. The British say things like &quot;Bleeding Christ&quot; (I am British and have never heard anyone of any generation use this phrase). Of course all the Brits are evil, as they always are, and all the Irish are fun loving, as usual, and the Latin American character is, naturally, &quot;hot tempered.&quot; Even Rose and Jack are hardly the most well rounded characters.<br /> Billy Zane seems to have the most fun in his role, but that is little more than a pantomime performance. And sadly, that it was Titanic basically is, an overblown big budget pantomime, asking the audience to care about characters they don't even find believeable.<br /> I know, i will be in the minority with this view, and that there are those, less cynical than me, who will marvel in a tale of romance and intrigue, and i can understand that. It just seems a shame that Cameron had in his hands one of the greatest stories ever told, full of disaster, pain, passion and honour, and he turned it into a soap opera. Missed opportunity, i feel.<br /> Titanic is not totally unappealing, and if you haven't seen it it's worth checking out once. But with so much brilliant cinema out there i wouldn't waste anymore of your life than is neccessary. Read a book!
B00005N9CV|3.0|There is really nothing distinctive about this disc.  It has no edge, dynamics, or intrigue.  The orchestrations are syrupy and remind my of my father's Mantovani.  This disc will offend no-one, but is overproduced and as it reaches for sentiment, it lacks soul.
B0000507R0|5.0|This DVD-Audio disc is the best in my collection.  First of all the music and musicianship is great.  The DVD-Audio remastering is close to perfect.  <br />It's almost hard to believe how old this music is.  The recording sounds better than most music recorded today. <br />This is a classic of classics and the people that remastered it should get honored.    <br />The more I listen to this disc the more I'm impressed with it in comparison to other DVD-A discs.  <br />The included extra of &quot;Lucky Man&quot; (which is also included) is icing on the cake.  If you get only one DVD-A disc - this should be the one.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This clever, quirky film allows children to have fun while allowing adults to be amused and not go into &quot;diabetic shock&quot; from cloying sweetness.  Children really do have raunchy humor and enjoy it when they are allowed to be crude and not get in trouble for it!  An engrossing story line, Shrek, follows the adventures of a friendly (but reclusive) ogre who simply wants to be let alone.... or so he thinks.  Well worth watching, I recommend it all the way. (For those who are worried about the crudeness, those kids who understand it, are already being crude when you are not around.. and those who don't get the humor, it will go over their head anyway!)
B000002UUX|5.0|Often considered the masterwork of Megadeth, each song is well written and well played. I personally prefer Youthanasia to this album, but that doesn't mean that this album isn't great! Definitely worth getting.
B0000039LE|3.0|Halloween is suspensful film about a maniac who escapes a mental institute to kill teenagers on Halloween night. Fifteen years later, he murdered his sister on Halloween as a child. Now he has come back to spread his evil. The only one who may be able to stop him is his psychiatrist, Dr. Loomis (played well by Pleasence). Curtis plays an intended victim who doesn't know about the killer until the end. Plenty of scares, and best of all, it doesn't need gore to get its point across. The end...is the best part of all.
B000002JPA|5.0|If you're looking for complex, emotional heavy metal, this is definitely a good place to start. Songs like Pull Me Under, Take the Time, and Metropolis Pt. 1 make this album an awesome listen.
B00003CXN4|1.0|one word, overrated. the only actor who i liked was don cheadle, i may be biased on that as well because he is incerdibly under-rated and is great in anything he does.<br /> obviously drugs are bad and there are things going on in life, that either we as a nation don't know, or just choose to ignore.<br /> check the original, british version for a better story, acting et cetera, et cetera.
6305358613|5.0|Excellent in every aspect. Very entertaining film. And it is inconceivable that they gave the Oscar to Gwyneth Paltrow instead of Cate Blanchett. You cant even compare their performances, Blanchett is ten times more gifted than an &quot;OK&quot; actress such as Paltrow. I dont understand how they make decisions. The Oscar is very depreciated and overvalued award. I mean, if they give it to Russell Crowe in Gladiator -they should have gave it to him in The Insider, now there is an astounding performance.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Steven Sodenbergh, Cannes award film festival winner for his movie Sex, lies and videoclips, is a new Hollywood golden boy. His nirvana, his salvation. Everybody scremas form top of their lungs about his talent, but they don`t seem to know, that SOdenbergh makes movies on his special way - on European way. Erin Brokovich and Traffic could as well end up turned into some stupid TV drama series, but Stephen &quot;transformed&quot; them into two fantastic movies - one of them &quot;won&quot; nad academy award for Julia Roberts, other one deliverd an Oscar to Sodenbergh. Thanks God, I must say, because Steven was actually making incredible movies that nobody seemed to notice (Kafka, for ex.) Well, finally Hollywood embraced him as his child that will make somethnig new, put resistance against &quot;glamour&quot; production, but nevertheless - make money. Lots of money. Ladies and gentelmen, let me introduce to you Stephen Sodenbergh`s Traffic, a story about war on drugs, that our dear USA has severly lost a long time ago, but just doesn`t want to admit it. Fantastic cast (Douglas, Benicio, Zeta. Chedale....) takes us on a fantastic visual and superb-written ride on double-morals and corruption that doesn`t stop till the end - if there is an End, or is everything just a fight against thin air? Watch, buy, steal this movie - whatever. It is worth it.
0689835604|5.0|This is a nice sturdy book with colorful drawings of babies with some part of their body hidden.  Each page asks, &quot;Where is baby's ...?&quot;  Toddlers delight in lifting the flaps to find the hidden pictures.  The pictures are bright and cute with eye-catching fabric and wallpaper patterns.  A very attractive book, and perfect for that stage when toddlers become fascinated with their belly buttons!  My 17 month old has really enjoyed this book.  It can be very helpful in getting kids to name body parts, and it's fun for both the baby and the parents to read.  Highly recommended.
B00005N5S5|5.0|The Terminator has made it's mark in the realm of science fiction, and it shows. It's not enough that Arnold Schwarzenegger was perfectly cast in the title role, but his unrelenting coldness is even more explained to us through the stories and flashbacks of Michael Biehn's Kyle Reese (&quot;You still don't get it, do you? He'll find her. That's what he does! That's all he does!!&quot;) Biehn's performance grabs me every time I see it, just as Arnold's agressive coldblooded behavior also draws my attention. And in the middle is Sarah Connor (Linda Hamilton) who sees her normal life slip away in a matter of hours, (&quot;Come on, do I look like the Mother of the future? I mean am I tough? Organized? I can't even balance my checkbook&quot;)yet is still able to draw strength from her pain and loss and fight to stay alive. It doesn't get much better than this, folks.<br />I wish people would stop being so hard on the special effects of this film. You can't compare it to T2. The Terminator had a shoestring budget of $6 million, while T2's budget was something like $80 million. Of course the special effects are better in the sequel...especialy when you've got an extra $74 million to spend this time around. Instead, people should be commending the hard work Stan Winston and company gave on The Terminator effects. Sure, that's not Arnold's face when he takes his eye out, but hey,...not bad. In fact it doesn't even look half bad when he puts his glasses back on just before the real Arnold is put back on camera wearing his glasses. The arm surgery is very impressive. I remember as a kid I couldn't watch that scene because you can see a vein wrapped around the metel skeleton while he's working on fixing his fingers. Looks pretty realistic to me. Take these things into consideration the next time you want to take pot shots at the visual effects of the film.<br />With the new 5.1 Surround Sound Mix newly created on this DVD, there's a lot to talk about. First off, the remixed sounds of most of the guns and explosions have been changed. The 44 Longslide with laser sighting sounds completely different when Arnold fires it. Same goes for the Oozie 9MM, Reese's shotgun, the whole ball of wax. At first you might be destracted by the changes since we're so use to the mono version. And since this DVD also includes the mono version, you can go back and forth and listen to the differences. The explosions, such as the giant armored machines of the future being destroyed, sound terrific. They really put a lot of work into making these explosions even more memorable. It almost reminds me of how George Lucas redid the explosion of the first Death Star for the special edition of Star Wars: Episode IV A New Hope, except we don't get any additional visual effects to go along with it, just better sound. <br />Yes, it's true that you don't get as many extra features like you do on T2, (here in the USA, both T1 &amp; T2 are on one disc with one side used for the film and the other side used for the extras) but still, it's nice to have them. I think most would say that the deleted scenes are the best asset. The only shot of Arnold that was deleted was after he killed the other Sarah Connor, you see him go back to his car very slowly..not in a hurry..and drive away. Very very creepy. The other scenes range from Lt. Traxler (Paul Winfield) beginning to believe Kyle's story is true, to scenes with Kyle &amp; Sarah fighting over doing something to the Cyberdyne Company as we witness Kyle breaking down because it's so hard for him to look at the green grass and the trees, because in his world it's all gone. Director James Cameron explains that it is a good scene but decided that he didn't want Reese breaking down more than once and he already does that right before the love scene, which could not be cut. And of course, there is the deleted scene of discovering that the factory that the Terminator was destroyed in was actually Cyperdyne Systems. We see one man findthe CPU chip and put it in his pocket, but it was better to cut all this out and use it to better advantage for the sequel. Throw in a few trailers &amp; TV spots(the teaser trailer reveals that the original title was just &quot;Terminator&quot;, not &quot;The Terminator&quot;), some short retrospective documentaries (although the original &quot;making of&quot; that's been out on video is not present), storyboards, script ect...and you've got a pretty well rounded special edition.  But wait!  There's more! <br />There are also some hidden features on the disc, located on Side 1. Just go to the Special Features section and then choose DVD-ROM Features. Once there, take your remote control and type in the following numbers (very slowly): 5, 1, 2, 8, 4, &amp; 1. (These numbers stand for the date of the Terminator and Kyle Reese's arrival (May 12, 1984) You'll be taken to a special hidden 2 page section, with about 29 different topic interviews done by James Cameron, Michael Biehn and others.  The interviews are done with slide pictures and not real video.  The topics range from how two kids actually played the part of the little boy who takes Sarah's picture for $4, Hemdales lack of faith in the picture, technical aspects, deleted scenes, to comaparisons to T2 ect.  Very interesting stuff.  Plus, on page 2 there is some reading material on a topic called &quot;Chrono-Surfing: A Brief History of Time Travel&quot;, written by Randall Frakes (co-author of The Terminator novelization).  So those of you scoffing about the lack of extras should check this material out.  It's a very nice &quot;Easter Egg&quot; find.  Plus, get the DVD soon and receive a fancy lithograph cover case of Arnold.<br />The Terminator...A Sci-Fi Classic!<br />&quot;I'll be back&quot; - Arnold Schwarzenegger as The Terminator
B00005IB57|5.0|A couple of years ago i happened to find in an old out-of-the-way store in my home country Ecuador, almost hidden in a back shelf Arrau's complete set of Chopin recorded for phillips.   This 6 cd set included a large number of works of which probably the most amazing were the waltzes and the nocturnes.  As for the waltzes, Arrau's rendition was a true revelation as he showed deep angst and sadness in them - a feature rarely stressed in these works.<BR>And then were the Nocturnes.  In his interpretation, and useing that so unique grave tone of his, Arrau delivers not only all the music but also darker, almost sinister visions.  Psychology, always one of Arrau's favorite topics is pushed to the most and in the most revealing way - you can sense through these performances that beyond all the light of the filigree figurations and melodies lies the extremely troubled soul of Chopin as portrayed by Arrau.   Trills, figurations so abundant in these works are played as part of the melodies and not just as ornaments - Arrau in interviews sopke many times of the various ways of playing and interpreting trills as taught to him by his teacher Martin Krause (home my memory serves me right) and here is the perfect example of what he meant.<BR>I have heard other fine renditions of the nocturnes as played by Rubinstein, Barenboim, Biret - but as worthy as they are, doubtfully will they ever be appreciated as the unique, unapologetic, bold, understanding performances Arrau delivered here.  This is not necesarilly Chopin to be enjoyed - rather to be disturbed by.  Most likely the most truthfull and faithfull performances ever to be recorded of this music, and also by Arrau.
B00005N9CV|4.0|This was my first listen of a Diana Krall album and I was not disappointed. It reminded me of the music my parents would play on a rainy Sunday when I was much younger. Perfect for listening to in front of the fireplace with someone special.
B00005LMBK|2.0|Horrible, The only reason I didn't give it 1 star was because Clint Eastwood is really that good, but that is it. I hate this album and am still pissed off that I can't trash it beacuse of the quality of Clint Eastwood.<br />-FM
B00003CXAA|5.0|Let me just say for the first Godfather...I was stunned to the bone,and chilled to the bone,by the reality of the Godfathe saga. The Movie is original, poetic, cool as hell, and just down right a keeper. There's no way anyone should miss the chance to see one of the greatest movies ever made. I really would'nt care if this was 200.00 dollars I would still buy this movie, Ican't say enough good and Glourias things I could say about this movie, but I am limited on words, so be happy and let this review motivate you to see this movie
B00005LMBK|2.0|Horrible, The only reason I didn't give it 1 star was because Clint Eastwood is really that good, but that is it. I hate this album and am still pissed off that I can't trash it beacuse of the quality of Clint Eastwood.<br />-FM
0380788624|4.0|As with all his books, Stephenson shows a vast knowledge of several subjects and the imagination to meld these subjects into an interesting plot.  He goes off on several tangents, but there tends to be enough humour and payoff to make each of his books worth the read.  900 pages is a bit long, but an interesting subject.
B00003CXTG|1.0|I was thinking this would be the next &quot;Titanic&quot; but I walked out very disappointed. The story was SO STUPID that it made me sick. This movie had the potential to be great but it turned out to be trash. I'll just say this; whenever the girl in this movie falls in love with a guy...that guy dies. If she's lucky he comes back to life. Her only problem is she's already in love with her dead lover's best friend. This would be a good movie if the story wasn't SUPPOSED to be about Pearl Harbor. It ended up being a Ben Affleck love story.
0375805613|5.0|Do not get confused. This book seems to be written for children, and no doubt they will enjoy it. But this is, hands down, one of the greatest, most lucid and simple books on post-modern angst I can think of. The message: We always have a fear of a painful and uncertain end, and we do whatever we can to avoid the inevitable. But, in the end, the monster is ourselves. Buy this for your favorite existentialist or buddhist. You will not be disappointed. I even used this book as a source for my Master's Thesis on Absurdist theatre. It warrants praise.
B00005KHJT|5.0|This new, Extended version of Halloween is something no fan should be without!  12 minutes of additional footage (4 scenes) has been put into the original version, and the result is awesome.  These scenes were not deleted.  They were really shot in 1980, when the film was released on cut TV.  The scenes were shot using the cast and crew of Halloween II (another must see!) and directed by John Carpenter, himself.  These scenes include:<br /><br />#1 A very well made scene where Dr. Loomis (Doneld Pleasance) has an intense conversation with two sanitarium officials.  He begs that they move Myers to a maximum security ward, saying that the boy is dangerous and has an instinctive forsce within him.  The officials are unimpressed by what Loomis says, and simply keep Myers in the minimum security ward.<br /><br />#2  A scene directly following the previous added scene.  Loomis walks into young Michael's cell.  For about 1 minute he simply stares at the boy, who stares out the window.  Loomis then says \\"You've fooled them, haven't you Michael?  But not me!\\"<br /><br />#3  This scene is after Myers escape.  Loomis walks with a nurse into Michael's room, which is completely trashed.  The nurse shows him that the word \\"Sister\\" is carved in the door.  (If you've seen Halloween II, then you know what this means).<br /><br />#4  This final additional scene is my personal favorite.  In this scene we get a bit more of Jamie Lee Curtis, a bit more of PJ Soles, and a bit more of Nancy Kyes/Loomis.  Lynda (Soles) comes over to Laurie's (Curtis) house, and they have some girl chat.  Then, Annie (Kyes/Loomis) calls and asks (unsuccesfully) if she can borrow some of Laurie's clothes.<br /><br />I really love this new version of Halloween.  It just feels more complete.  I know that these scenes WERE NOT in the original version, but it's way better off with them in there.  John Carpenter has said he hates these scenes (as some other reviewers may tell you) but that is HIS opinioun.  I love these scenes.  They make the movie make a bit more sense.  For example, the scene wher Loomis fights with the officials really shows how hard he tried to get them to move Michael.  Later on he talks about how much he tried to get them to move him, and this added scene shows you how right he is.  The scene with \\"Sister\\" really helped connect this to the 2nd (making a great double feature).  And the scene with Lynda, Annie and Laurie shows a bit more of their personal lives.  Awesome.  This version was only available on either the two tape Special VHS editions (where they were AFTER the movie) and on the THX Two Disk Anchor Bay Limited Edition (which is 150 bucks to buy on Amazon used!).  I tried really hard to find that two disk limited edition, but I was to late.  So this here DVD is like a dream come true.  Thank you Anchor Bay!  I suggest (unless you have the two disk version) that you buy one now, before it, too, goes out of stock!<br /><br />Halloween is Rated R for Small Violence, Brief Nudity, and brief Language.  The new scenes contain nothing to offend parents who were OK with their kids watching the other version.<br /><br />[...]make a bit more sense.  For example, the scene wher Loomis fights with the officials really shows how hard he tried to get them to move Michael.  Later on he talks about how much he tried to get them to move him, and this added scene shows you how right he is.  The scene with \\"Sister\\" really helped connect this to the 2nd (making a great double feature).  And the scene with Lynda, Annie and Laurie shows a bit more of their personal lives.  Awesome.  This version was only available on either the two tape Special VHS editions (where they were AFTER the movie) and on the THX Two Disk Anchor Bay Limited Edition (which is 150 bucks to buy on Amazon used!).  I tried really hard to find that two disk limited edition, but I was to late.  So this here DVD is like a dream come true.  Thank you Anchor Bay!  I suggest (unless you have the two disk version) that you buy one now, before it, too, goes out of stock!    Halloween is Rated R for Small Violence, Brief Nudity, and brief Language.  The new scenes contain nothing to offend parents who were OK with their kids watching the other version.    [...]
B00005O3VC|5.0|Nevermind Maltin, who knows why anyone listens to him, but how could anyone say that the three-headed knights (sic) say \\"nee\\"?  And the rabbit is never referred to as a \\"bunny\\".   It would be nice if the reviewers here could at least pay attention.  You think I'm being picky?  What if Shannon in a review said \\"Rosebud\\" referred to Kane's ice skates? <br />
B00004TLN3|3.0|While this movie is done well, the female and male leads are acted well, the soundtrack that follows this film is not in Jane Austen style.  It is very gothic sounding in places, and jazzy sounding in others.  It distracts from the movie to the point that I had to ignore it, and concentrate on the acting.  I would like to see a more up to date version of this movie done, where the soundtrack is more in the line of Jane Austen's time and style.
B00005O3VC|5.0|Nevermind Maltin, who knows why anyone listens to him, but how could anyone say that the three-headed knights (sic) say &quot;nee&quot;?  And the rabbit is never referred to as a &quot;bunny&quot;.   It would be nice if the reviewers here could at least pay attention.  You think I'm being picky?  What if Shannon in a review said &quot;Rosebud&quot; referred to Kane's ice skates? <br />Anyway, what's the point of re-issuing the DVD if it (stop saying the word!) doesn't come with outakes, bloopers, interviews, screenplays, commentary tracks, etc.
B00004XOWN|1.0|This album is terrible, there's really no other word for it. The production is WAY too overpolished, the lyrics have no quality whatsoever (unless you count vulgarity as &quot;quality&quot;), and the songs are poorly written and arranged. My dog can write better songs. This will appeal to all you &quot;angst- ridden&quot; 15 year old kids who have yet to discover REAL music yet. This album gets one star, and only because I feel bad for Wes Borland, obviously the only real talent in the band, even though he can't let it show. Hopefully this will be the last Limp Bizkit album, because this is by far the biggest waste of plastic and paper ever, and I dont see how they can get any worse. Fred Durst says, &quot;Its my way or the highway,&quot; and the latter is the only answer.
0385335482|4.0|If you have ever had financial problems - read this book!  Sophie Kinsella writes a story that is so true.  We watch as Rebecca Bloomwood, the main character, dodges letters, calls, and meetings with her creditors.  Her antics will have you reeling with laughter.  <br />Rebecca attempts many strategies to improve her situation - she tries both the CB (Cut Back) and MMM (Make More Money) plans, with hilarious results.  Rebecca is a resourceful woman and we watch as she gets up with a new plan, each time she is knocked down!  Rebecca is accompanied by a great cast of characters that make the reader's adventure even more enjoyable. <br />A truly comical look at a life situation that has plagued every one of us at one time or another.  Sophie Kinsella, has wrote a universally readable book.  Add this one to your collection, Confessions of a Shopaholic, does not diappoint.
B00003CXXS|5.0|Jurassic Park 3 is the best movie I saw in the past few years and the dinosaurus were really real and the action in the movie never gave up it was scary and really cool action parts and sam neill was a surprise to see him back. the water part of the movie with the spinosaurus was the my favorite part of the movie.
0140177396|5.0|George and Lenny are laborers. And laborers, as a rule, don't have anybody, &quot;But not us George, tell about how it is with us,&quot; Lenny pleads. Lenny is a simple man, not that good with his numbers, but he can do whatever you tell him. Slow of mind, but with a powerful build.<br />&quot;Guys like us, they got no family, no root. But not us, because I got you, and you got me.&quot;<br />An endearing story, of brotherly love.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Excellent commentary on our decay as a society.  Superb dialog (&quot;Which historical figure would you like to fight?&quot; &quot;Gandhi&quot; &quot;Me, Abraham Lincoln.  Tall guys are good fighters&quot;).  There were a few details that bothered me all along, like Tyler showing up at Marla's apartment (how did he know the address?), or how Tyler's knowledge of explosives did not link him right away to Jack's condo.  But the bother i felt was more like having a minuscule pebble inside your shoe while rushing to catch the bus: you know it's there, but it's not too painful to stop and get it.  In any event, i was very surprised at the end, and everything made sense.  What a relief!  Brad Pitt was another big surprise.  He is funny and does a great job in his role.  No surprise with Edward Norton.  I would watch anything with him in it (even that Keeping the Faith fiasco of a movie), because he never lets me down.  In summary, this is a different sort of movie with a very smart plot.
B000002AH9|5.0|What can you say about one of the greatest albums ever made? I could say plenty when it comes to Lady Day, but I'll keep this brief. I got this for my 12th birthday, and now that I'm in my 40's, I love it even more. The songs are timeless, the arrangements mark the stark contrast between Lady's turmoil and Ellis' lushness. A meaningful, satisfying album that was the favourite of Lady herself! The opening tune is the best version I've ever heard, You've Changed is trademark Billie, For All We Know truly makes you -feel- the words, it's all just too magical. This album is glorious! Truly one of the finest albums that defies description, Lady In Satin is the sound of a bared soul, in all it's beauty and pain, laid bare for the listener who can relate. If you don't have this album, what the hell are you waiting for? Your collection is simply incomplete without it!
B000002UVZ|5.0|After reading some of the other reviews, I felt I had to add my bit to the debate.  This is by a good margin my favorite REM album.  Next would be Reckoning, but I much prefer this one.  Having owned it since it first came out, it is also the only REM album, including the later stuff, that I constantly pull off the shelf and listen to again, without it feeling musically dated or drearily pretentious.<br />The harder rocking numbers on &quot;Life's Rich Pageant&quot; really illuminate why alternative rock began flourishing in the mid-late 80s.  You could not find rock songs like &quot;Hyeana&quot; or &quot;These Days&quot; were the hardest straight-rock songs you could find outside of The Replacements that didn't have aquanet hairspray associated with them. <br />While it is true that this album contains much in the way of politics, it does have heart.  Unlike &quot;Shiny Happy People,&quot; there isn't a pretentiousness to it that they acquired in later years.  Plus, they still had a wry and (this is key) subtle sense of humor.  One reviewer wrote how &quot;I Believe&quot; was a mediochre song on this album.  I couldn't disagree more.  Hearing Michael sing &quot;I believe in example/I believe my throat hurts&quot; gives REM a depth that they never seemed to recapture in later years when they seemed to strive for seriousness uber alles.  Plus, that subtle zydeco backbeat and accordion--I love it!
0790738139|5.0|This is the American fairy tale. In America we don't have knights in shining armor or pure regal ladies. In America there is no black, there is no white, there are only shades of gray. America's Shakespeare is Edgar Allen Poe.<br />If the Western is the American Epic, then the Noir film is the American Romance.<br />Grime wrapped in glamour, pervasive and persistent violence, and moral ambiguity characterize the genre of the American love story, and L.A. Confidential epitomizes this style. <br />L.A. Confidential deviates from modern noir films like Blade Runner and The Last Seduction by returning to the roots of noir, the detective story that initially spawned the genre. Set in the city of angels in the 1950s, we follow three police officers, Kevin Spacey, Guy Pearce, and Russell Crowe as they investigate a gristly multiple homicide and try to unravel the series of events leading to it.<br />The intricate (and well executed) plotting of this film alone would make it worth seeing. Remarkable performances from the lead actors as well as Kim Basinger, Danny Devito, and an aptly cast James Cromwell, by themselves would make this a worthwhile and entertaining film. Combined with the horrifyingly believable characterization, intense pacing, and superb cinematography, L.A. Confidential becomes worth of many of the platitudes showered upon it. With each turn and twist of the plot, we come closer and closer to understanding the characters themselves - not only their motivations and goals, but their dark underbellies, the tarnish and rot just beneath the surface. <br />Watching you can't help but become engrossed by this exemplar of the American film tradition, this archetypal American story.
B00005KHL0|5.0|REVIEW:  HALLOWEEN<br />BREAKDOWN<br />-----------------------------<br />CHARACTER: *****<br />- For a horror movie, this movie is at the top of its game with characters.  They are interesting and intriguing, and even if some of Lauries friends are a little annoying or shallow, just think to high school: they were like that.  Dr. Loomis pastes the purpose of the movie together, not just making it bland or generic.<br />ASTHETICS: *****<br />(This includes acting, music, and setting just stuff that delights the ear and eyes.)<br />- The setting and mood was excellent. The music is the best of any horror movie, and John Carpenter should be extremely proud of his little piano notes.  They keep you attentive.  The makeup is good, and it has a homey feel.<br />FAST FORWARD: *****<br />- A star is lost (of 5) for each time I find myself fast forwarding in boredom.<br />INSTINCTIVE: ****<br />(This is the rating Id give right at the end given what my overall impression of the movie is.)<br />- I really enjoyed the second half, but I thought that the beginning was very slow.  Anyone used to the wham-bam movement of violence is going to be slightly bored, waiting for violence.  But it sure keeps the suspense!<br />-----------------------------<br />OVERALL: ***** (rounded)<br />RECOMMENDED: Yes.
B00004UEDR|5.0|I have read a lot of negative reviews of this film and the one thing I can say is that I doubt if any of the people who wrote those reviews have ever been addicted or in rehab. <br />I first saw 28 Days when I was doing my own stint in a mental institution/rehab. I had attempted suicide and was struggling with chemical and sex addiction, as well as compulsive self mutilation (cutting).  <br />The movie really spoke to me, and I have news for you, director Betty Thomas' use of humor was right on the mark. People in rehab do make use of humor, sometimes its the only thing that keeps you sane. <br />I also found that sharing this film with friends and family who are trying to understand what I am going through is an effective tool, because it allows them to be detached and just observe whats going on. <br />I think this is one of Sandra Bullock's best films. I also think that as time passes this film will garner more and more critical approval and a huge cult following of addicts and non-addicts alike.
6305171769|5.0|\\"Twenty years after the killings in HALLOWEEN, Laurie Strode (Curtis) has built a new life for herself and her son, but her psychotic brother Michael Myers is after her again with a big sharp knife.\\"<br />Laurie is back! Jamie gives an awesome performance, as do all the other actors. There is plenty of scary of humour, and it livens up the entire piece. I have disregarded any other sequels, so the characters work for me.<br />The setting and mood was excellent. John Carpenter should be extremely proud of his little piano notes. They keep you attentive. The blood and deaths are done well, and there is a constant creepy mood. I loved the elevator and the broken leg, and Michael's head rolling at the end.<br />I walked out of the theatre shivering and shaking. It was a great fright-fest, and didn't skimp of setting or character to do it. With the guy trying to get the corkscrew from the garbage disposal, I was on the edge the whole time.<br />RECOMMENDED: Yes. It was my first, and it got me hooked.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is a remarkable book that leaves readers falling off the edge of their seat.  Orson Scott Card creeped into the minds of readers.  In every chapter, there was always something new to learn about the high commanders' feelings and strategies.  His style of writing is like a puzzle, giving only one piece at a time, until the puzzle was complete. <BR>     <BR>Ender's Game seemed somewhat ironic.  I came to find out that the real enemies were not the buggers, but the commanders themselves.  Through manipulation and control over the children, the commanders got what they wanted. The children were trained to have \\"the game\\" as their lives.  They did not know how life as a normal child was supposed to be.  Although the children were so young, starting as low as the age of 6, they had the intelligence level of adults that I noticed myself forgetting how young they were.  I found Ender to be a brilliant character.  The fact that he was more intelligent than any adult could be in a lifetime made him so amazing.  The only reason why he was so intelligent is because the commanders manipulated him, giving him no friends, no life, and no family.  The only kinds of people he knew were his enemies, especially his brother, Peter.  Ender knew how to stick up for himself since he knew that no one would be at his side to help him.  Crying was pointless. All the manipulation and loneliness helped him to become a great leader and soldier.  Apart from the loneliness and manipulation, Ender had befriended other children and quickly lost them, but there was a part of each of them in Ender.  None of his friends were good enough to lead, but to put all of them together in one person made Ender noble.  He had strength, compassion, cunning, and determination.  All the characteristics of the perfect boy were fit into Ender. <br />Orson Scott Card helped me get into the minds of the characters and probe the world they were living in.  Every character's feelings were understood throughCard's diction.  His descriptive writing also created detailed images of the environment these children were present.  He created an unimaginable world that opened my eyes to life beyond my own.  Ender's Game is a delightful book if the reader likes falling forward on the edge of his seat, impatiently waiting for what is yet to come.
6305728437|3.0|This movie is not one of Disney's best, for one reason, the songs are bad, they are not memorable. So I can't give this 5 or 4 stars. But is this supposed to be funny, it had gotten an Academy Award Nomination for Best Orignial Musical or Comedy Score - Matthew Wilder, David Zippel, Jerry Goldsmith. Both those nominations is what this movie doesn't have or does depends on who you ask. Is Mushu (voiced by Eddie Murphy) funny? If you want to see or hear Eddie Murphy be funny, watch Shrek or another comedy movie. If fact, if you want to watch this rent it, don't buy this film, buy Shrek instead.
0684800713|5.0|This was the first Hemingway book I'd ever picked up, and to best review it, I should compare it to another famous book that came out about a year earlier: The Great Gatsby.<BR>No contest.<BR>On the surface both books deal with the rich and spoiled, but there is one thing that seperates the books. And, frankly, it's a very large thing.<BR>Talent. Skill. Hemingway had an enormous amount of it, and Fitzgerald a bit less. Fitzgerald is like one of those radio stations that plays classical music. Boring as ... to most of us, but for a few cultured ones his prose soars and lifts the spirit. Hemingway, on the other hand, writes with a deceptive simplicity. Short, powerful sentences that seem to draw you deeper and deeper into the story or novel.<BR>I cared about the people in The Sun Also Rises. And the description of their fishing trip is worth the price of admission in and of itself.<br />Give Hemingway a shot. After all, he only wrote 6 novels while he was alive--not counting the 4 published after he died--and 4 of them are considered all time classics. Pretty good percentage, wouldn't you say...<br /> Sean
0767830555|1.0|I am not sure what people see in this movie.  Frankly, it was boring and poorly thought out.  The ending was absurd.  Ironically, I rented it (2001) because a reviewer of &quot;Straw Dogs&quot; recomended it having given very poor marks to &quot;Straw Dogs&quot;.  Each to his own I suppose;  I was riveted by &quot;Staw Dogs&quot;.
0684800713|5.0|This was the first Hemingway book I'd ever picked up, and to best review it, I should compare it to another famous book that came out about a year earlier: The Great Gatsby.<BR>No contest.<BR>On the surface both books deal with the rich and spoiled, but there is one thing that seperates the books. And, frankly, it's a very large thing.<BR>Talent. Skill. Hemingway had an enormous amount of it, and Fitzgerald a bit less. Fitzgerald is like one of those radio stations that plays classical music. Boring as ... to most of us, but for a few cultured ones his prose soars and lifts the spirit. Hemingway, on the other hand, writes with a deceptive simplicity. Short, powerful sentences that seem to draw you deeper and deeper into the story or novel.<BR>I cared about the people in The Sun Also Rises. And the description of their fishing trip is worth the price of admission in and of itself.<br />Give Hemingway a shot. After all, he only wrote 6 novels while he was alive--not counting the 4 published after he died--and 4 of them are considered all time classics. Pretty good percentage, wouldn't you say...<br /> Sean
0804106304|5.0|The Joy Luck Club, written by acclaimed writer, Amy Tan, is hauntingly beautiful in its own way, telling about Chinese people, and the world, from the perspective of four mothers and their American-raised daughters. These people include Suyuan Woo and Jing-mei &quot;June&quot; Woo, An-mei Hsu and Rose Hsu Jordan, Lindo Jong and Waverly Jong, Ying Ying St. Clair and Lena St. Clair. Each tells a tale of suffering and grief, happiness and love, while teaching us the wisdom of the Joy Luck Club, where the mothers meet to play mahjong and trade stocks. When Suyuan Woo, a crucial member of club, dies of an anerysm, Jing-mei learns that Suyuan's long lost daughters-the ones Suyuan had to abandon years ago- are alive in China. Jing-mei comes to terms with herself and learns about her mother's past. However, each daughter also faces many obstacles in life. Rose Hsu is trying to get through a divorce without suffering a nervous breakdown. Waverly Jong wants to tell her mother that she is getting married, but she is afraid criticism will overcome her thoughts. Lena St. Clair is facing insecurities about her marriage. While each women discusses their fears and problems, they will soon encounter memories never forgotten.
B00005NP04|5.0|Within seconds of recieving my reciept for the new album I was tearing the plastic seal off the CD and inserting the new disc into my discman. I quickly skipped forward to &quot;Where Would You Be&quot; to hear the three songs which I had not previously heard. All I can say is &quot;Wow!&quot; I was completely blown away by the four new songs on the album, as I was with all the previously released tracks when they were originally released. As it was when I first read the track list, my only complaint about this collection is the absence of &quot;Cheap Whiskey&quot; from Martina's first studio album, &quot;The Time Has Come.&quot; I realize that while this track wasn't really a great hit for Martina, but I find that her vocals in that song are just so amazing that it belonged on her greatest hits album. Even with that in mind, I recommend this album to everyone.
0451203933|5.0|Mr. Bowden's account of the Battle of the Black Sea, or the Day of the Rangers, is one of the best researched and gripping narratives of any battle.  He has done a great historic service to those who will want to learn about this struggle for generations.  He has used exhaustive interviews with both American and Somali participants as well as his own research to create a blow-by-blow account of a routine mission gone terribly wrong.  Largely absent are the political decisions leading up to American involvement in Somalia, but do not buy the book looking at it through that lens -- Mr. Bowden has left that interpretation to others. His few conclusions and interpretations are entirely appropriate, based in fact, which seems logical coming from a man who was closer to the battle and its participants than any historian ever will be. What we have is a human story, graphically told, emotions laid bare -- an account that will grip readers and students of history forever.
B00005MP58|5.0|I have loved this A&amp;E production since I first saw it on film some 5 or 6 years ago.  I had been waiting most anxiously for a DVD format to be released that would give the polite viewer even more than only those many felicities that the 6-tape vhs set had so eloquently bestowed.  Well, now - herein I'm sure I've found it!<br />I could be so much more extravagant in my praise, but I shall spare you (and myself) that.<br />I only say this - that if you love the book - and this most singularly lovely production of it - as I do, then you will be more than pleased with this DVD!
B00003CXB7|5.0|To my mind, the Seventies begins here.  Altman's film bottles pandemoneum by ditching plot for character study, pacing the film as vignettes of comic insanity, allowing an ensemble of incredibly talented actors to step all over each other's lines, uses a witty script not as a guide but as a departure point for some incredible adlibbing, and isn't afraid to put the brakes on the comedy and fill the screen with blood.  The result could've been a royal mess, but really turned out to be inspired, kicking off a decade of cinematic innovation.  You can read an anti-war subtext into this film (and many have) but M*A*S*H ultimately jabs at what happens when incompetents are running things, which no doubt parallels Altman's views of Hollywood and pretty much everything else (and for me, the past eight years, but that's another story).
B00003CXDD|5.0|Trust me, Willow is an absolutely amazing fantasy/adventure movie. Lucas at its finest! I hope we'll not be disappointed by the DVD! Star what? Indiana who? Whatever...It's Willow's time, now!
B000002AGM|5.0|Hey guess what...(...) this set is one of the most essential jazz discs you can own. \\"New Rhumba\\" is the most irresistable, and the whole thing swings in a post-bop/cool way that's refreshing time and time again. Miles's playing is focused and concise, showing a restraint he'd often eschew on later flights of fancy. Gil Evans' arrangements are among his best ever, adding a glow to the full band that backs up Miles as if he were a singer. (...) Did I mention the new STEREO sound is flawless? Miles at his best. (...)
B00004STPT|5.0|Hans Zimmer has been a favorite target of those who critique and debate the value of film scores. He has been called a plagiarist, a hack. Many consider him to be nothing more than a hypeman, pumping up the drums and bass when the movie calls for it. And in some cases, these claims have all been true. Sometimes, they are true within the music for Ridley Scott's &quot;Gladiator.&quot; And that's exactly how it should have been.<br />Perhaps no movie since 1977's &quot;Star Wars&quot; has a film been so married to its music like &quot;Gladiator.&quot; Take John Williams' rousing score away from George Lucas' space opera, and you have a laughable, almost infantile film. Take Hans Zimmer's sprawling opus of a score away from &quot;Gladiator,&quot; you have a routine throwback to a Hollywood when sword-and-sandal fare was the norm.<br />When Hans Zimmer is &quot;on,&quot; he is a very effective film composer; he is &quot;on&quot; for the entirety of the &quot;Gladiator&quot; score, from the mysterious opening notes of &quot;Progeny&quot; to the uplifting vocals of co-writer Lisa Gerrard on &quot;Now We Are Free.&quot; &quot;Gladiator&quot; has been a film for me that has gained new flavor with age (admittedly, its age is not very advanced yet), and I think the credit goes toward Zimmer, Gerrard and collaborator Klaus Badelt. The music becomes a character in the film, a companion that is as important to our enjoyment and understanding of the film as the acting, direction and screenplay.<br />&quot;Sorrow&quot; is the perfect example, a track that utilizes several of the near-leitmotif themes of Zimmer's music to express Maximus's (Russell Crowe) mixed emotions; the music reaches its peak with a somber horn as, on screen, Maximus walks alone amongst the battle camp, snow drifting in front of his face. That is a perfect cinematic moment.<br />Much has been made of the fact that Zimmer's battle waltz  seems to be stealing wholesale from Holst's &quot;The Planets,&quot; in particular from the &quot;Mars&quot; movement. Does this really matter? Film composers have been taking ideas from the masters all along; perhaps the job of a film composer should be to create a musical landscape that best represents the film, and that means pulling from historical or contemporary sources. A film composer should not be expected, in my opinion, to deliver a singular experience with every film.<br />Others say that film music is not good if you notice it while watching the film; then why is it there? &quot;Gladiator&quot; is a perfect example of how a score can make a film so much more; other films in this category might include &quot;Titanic&quot; (score by James Horner), &quot;Psycho&quot; (Bernard Herrmann), or &quot;American Beauty&quot; (Thomas Newman).<br />The soundtrack album captures Zimmer's work almost completely satisfactorily; the only regrettable omission is the theme from the desert travel scenes when Maximus is committed into slavery. But that's cleared up on the equally purchase-worthy (if not as good) follow-up album, &quot;More Music From the Motion Picture Gladiator.&quot;<br />&quot;Gladiator&quot; has already won Best Picture, and will probably remain an American favorite for some time to come, perhaps even proving to be a classic. I hope Hans Zimmer gets the credit he deserves at some point (especially since the Academy did not see fit to do so).
B00004VVNB|2.0|Well, if you are a diehard Logan's Run fan, this DVD is for you. I can't say that I enjoyed the movie. What really made me laugh was listening to the Michael York Commentary when he states that the monster in the ice cave is the equivalent to Darth Vader. Really? Well, after watching the movie several times, I still dont know what that creatures name is, but I can guarantee that the majority of the English speaking world knows who Darth Vader is. If you are not a hardcore SF fan, I'd pass on this one.
B00004XONN|1.0|I was just exposed to Radiohead for the first time a few weeks ago with &quot;OK Computer&quot; after Amazon's glowing reviews... and was blown away by its complexity and variety of texture... certainly challenging by popular music standards... or the standards of any musical genre, for that matter.<br />And on that wave of enthusiasm, I acquired &quot;Kid A&quot;... so what is this... musically shallow Dance/Techno??  Were it not for the familiar lead voice, you wonder if it is the same band at all.
B00003Q43A|3.0|First off, to the reviewer who described ID4 as a &quot;story about pilots who plan to save the world from an alien cruiser who destroy three major cities then Pilots Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum kick butt&quot;...um, have you ever actually seen this movie?Just curious. <br />ID4. Its big and loud and fun, but also cliched and unforgivably dumb at times. A huge factory built corporate-sponsored Blockbuster. A giant cheese-filled Gordita(tm) of a movie. It aims to please, and sometimes does quite well. It also is filled with seen-it-before moments(Literally! It just plain steals them from other movies) and a shallow mix of drama and comedy. There is also this attitude of &quot;Hey! Major cities have been vaporized! Let's crack bad jokes about it!&quot; Some emotions might have been nice. <br />The DVD has many cool extras, especially the Easter Eggs of the raw footage of the news broadcasts. <br />Its a bit hard to imagine watching this movie anytime soon, given recent events, but, let's face it, when we first saw the preview with the exploding White House, we all went &quot;Kewl!&quot; <br />Fun movie. Wish it were deeper and less of a slick, cute blender full of other movie moments.
B00004Y6NP|5.0|It's a pity that Brothers in Arms will forever be played in the media as the background to a single revolutionary video, because, quite frankly, few albums are as beautiful. The flawless production, the notorious guitar playing, the almost-spoken excellent lyrics, and the amazing songwriting all add up to something akin to a blooming flower. You know that it won't last forever, but, damn, you just can't help but sit and enjoy it while it's there. It doesn't aim for dizzying heights...it just ends up there....and that gives it a charm that, say, no U2 album could ever have. <br />The album opens with So Far Away, a gentle warm-up, but it is the second track that really gets the album running. As the landscape climbs and climbs to a near-scream, then vanishes into a single crunchy guitar playing one of the most infamous riffs of all time, you start to realize that maybe, just maybe, you've found a classic. Money for Nothing is by no means the albums high point, though, whatever VH-1 tells you. The playful strum of Walk of Life, the moody saxophone and lyrical painting of Your Latest Trick, the sonic burst at the chorus of The Man's Too Strong...they're all runners-up. But, for my money, the highlight is the albums slow-building, indescribable finale. You'd be hard-pressed to find a more incredible, awe-inspiring album ender. It remains gentle throughout, but between Mark's harrowing words and the quiet delivery of such heavy subject matter, it sends chills down your spine. You know that song at the end of the album that is so amazingly cool that you find yourself starting the album over in your excitement? Yeah, that's this song. Funnily enough, it isn't the kind of song at all that people who would buy this album for Money for Nothing would like. So there's a good chance that for many of the millions who bought this album the title song is the equivelant of telling a great joke to your mothers brother, who had that stroke and struggles with language.<br />But I may be wrong, and just the fact that millions of people heard the song at all is more than most great songs get. This album does seem to keep a steady stream of new fans searching out Knophler's movie soundtracks and the various other projects he does (incredible solo albums) when he decides that he's been sleeping in too often. It's actually more than a little ironic that the words meant to mock the way most people viewed rock stardom in the mid-80's became so incredibly prophetic for him: That ain't workin'. That's the way you do it.
B0000028PI|5.0|....as master shock rocker Alice Cooper takes you down the path towards &quot;Brutal Planet&quot; and eventually &quot;DragonTown&quot;.  &quot;The Last Temptation&quot; tells the story of Steven, who we first meet in &quot;Welcome to my Nightmare&quot;, again in &quot;Goes to Hell&quot;, and at the very end of &quot;Hey Stoopid&quot;.  In TLT Steven starts out as being bored with life.  Nothing seems to get his interest.  This opens the door for the Lord of Darkness himself, Satan, to come in and help Steven out.  Satan makes Steven an offer that is hard to refuse, all the pleasures this world has (&quot;You're My Temptation&quot;).  Power, money, sex, you name it and Steven can have it.<br />What Steven is not told is that there is a price to pay for accepting the ways of the world (&quot;Nothing's Free&quot;).  Mean while there is a battle going on.  A spiritual battle that Steven is not even aware of.  God wants none to be lost but ultimately the choice is up to the individual.<br />While Steven wrestle's with the idea of all the power, wealth, and women, he knows deep inside that it is not right.  <br />Does Steven make the right choice?  Listen to TLT and find out.  It is one of the most powerful and awesome albums Alice Cooper has ever put out and you can tell it comes from the heart.  It is full of the truth and love of God and the perfect launching pad for the rest of the &quot;Brutal Planet&quot; trilogy.
B00005QXDD|5.0|If you like to laugh, enjoy satire, and have ever made fun of 70's or 80's rock, BUY THIS CD! You will not be disappointed--this is truly The Greatest Band in the World. Funny fresh and freakeshly rare, this is the chance of a lifetime.
B00005AXEL|4.0|She's added some backup singers, although I don't think she needed them.  Listen to it at least twice before you decide.  What it is lacking in melody has been made up for in sheer songwriting genius, laying it all out on the table for anyone willing to listen.  <BR>\\"That Made me Stronger\\" was written about a conversation she had with Tom Petty; and most of the other songs seem to have been written about every woman's experience in this world.  \\"Sorcerer\\" being her own personal story perhaps...
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt does a beautiful job of describing the miserable childhood he endured in Ireland and the similar plight of others there.
B00005AXEL|4.0|She's added some backup singers, although I don't think she needed them.  Listen to it at least twice before you decide.  What it is lacking in melody has been made up for in sheer songwriting genius, laying it all out on the table for anyone willing to listen.  <BR>\\"That Made me Stronger\\" was written about a conversation she had with Tom Petty; and most of the other songs seem to have been written about every woman's experience in this world.  \\"Sorcerer\\" being her own personal story perhaps...
0449227421|5.0|\\"The Third Twin\\" is the first Ken Follett novel that I have read, and I must say that I am definitely going to try some of his earlier works, even though I Know this book is different from some of his earlier efforts.  However, I really liked this book; it moves well; it has likeable heroes and nasty villains.  It addresses the question of nature vs. nurture, and Follett obviously believes that no matter what's in your genes, it's important as to what kind of environment you are raised in.<br />Jeannie Ferrami, the heroine, is a strong, determined character, and I liked her persistence in proving not only that her scientific studies are correct, but that the conspiracy she has uncovered needs to be addressed!  I wish sometimes other reviewers wouldn't...mention some of the plot's \\"surprises,\\" such as the number of clones, but even though in reading the reviews, you get advance information, don't let that spoil the finesse in which Follette weaves his tale.<br />I liked Steve Logan, too.  He comes across as a sincere, honest type of guy, who wants to be a good lawyer and is caught in the unbelievable maze of discovering he is a clone.<br />The novel opens briskly with one of the evil clones rape of Jeanne's best friend, and we get involved with the confusion when Steve enters Jeannie's life.<br />The villains are all particularly vile, but Berrington Jones is the worst.  Such a pompous, self-serving fool.<br />Fortunately, after our heroes go through countless setbacks, the ending is justifiable and the epilogue at the end is particularly touching.<br />A great book; I really enjoyed it for it's entertainment value!
B00005ALP6|5.0|Lerner and Loewe's musical version of George Bernard Shaw's &quot;Pygmalion&quot; is a pleasure from beginning to end.  The casting is superb.  Rex Harrison's Henry Higgins is appropriately stodgy and Audrey Hepburn's gamine Eliza Dolittle is tremendous.  Hepburn, revoiced by soprano Marnie Nixon, gives an excellent performance as the Covent Garden flower seller &quot;made&quot; proper by Higgins' linguistic expertise.  Special kudos are due a very amusing Wilfred Hyde-White as Alfred P. Dolittle, Eliza's father, who attempts to cash in on his daughter's training.  A particularly pleasant surprise in this film is a young Jeremy Brett, known to many as Sherlock Holmes in his later years, portraying Freddie Aynsford-Hill, Eliza's wealthy suitor.  I do not know whether Brett was revoiced or did his own singing; in either case his performance is outstanding.  If you are an admirer of musical theatre, or of any of the actor cast in this production, this is a must for your collection.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I was in awe as I watched this DVD the first time, and the second time was even better.  I cannot imagine a better mix than one of the world's most popular heavy metal bands with one of the greatest symphony's in the world. I am not a very big heavy metal fan, but this DVD is well worth listening to, again and again. I would HIGHLY suggest you buy this, you WILL NOT regret it. It will take you to musical limits that you never imagined.
B000021YQV|5.0|Seeing how it is my fav and i am a big heavy music fan....This cd is one of the best out there and u recomed u buy it if u like heavy music....
B00004Z459|5.0|This CD is the best  on a scale from 1 - 10<BR>Papercut - 10 - ...awesome song<BR>One Step Closer - 10 - My first favorite...great rapping except when Chester becomes really angry<BR>With You - 10 - A personal favorite<BR>Points of Authority - 9 - Good, but a little hard to get used too<BR>Crawling - 10 - Exceptional lyrics with meaning and a great chorus <BR>Runaway - 10 Great song with an awesome beginning<BR>By Myself - 9 - Not the best but good lyrics<BR>In The End - 10 - Incredible meaning a emotion put into this song<BR>A Place For My Head - 10 - Great song altogether..<BR>Forgotten - 10 - Great rapping and incredible lyrics<BR>Cure For The Itch - 8 - Weird..but likeable<BR>Pushing Me Away - 10+ - Great song...incredible and great drum parts<BR>Good CD overall....if you like it...buy some of The Offspring..you won't be disappointed
B000002HEP|5.0|If not for this album the world would be nothing.Buy it or miss out on the greatest band that ever lived! R.I.P.
0679720200|4.0|The stranger is a novel of a man named Meursault whose only motive in life is to live from day to day. He is not motivated by love, money, or power, but only the next day. Unfortunately, his senseless murder of an Arab will end his living from day to day. He could escape death from this murder he openly admits to have committed, but refuses to lie. He might easily have been left off if he would have admitted to there being a god or that he was religious, but Meursault does not believe in god or religion. He will not lie about what happened or his beliefs or lack of beliefs the case may be. He acknowledges his murder of the Arab, but not till it is announced he is to be beheaded aware his life is over. He unfortunately had no hand in the deciding of his fate, thus death. He murdered the Arab out of pure chance. If he had not walked back down the beach or had the sun not been so intense, he might not have shot the Arab with Raymond's gun. His punishment, though, was absolute in the fact that he would be punished through death no matter what. His not crying or morning his mother, going on a date the night of her funeral, and helping an established pimp beat his ex girlfriend did not help his case. Instead of people realizing how he believes things happen and to just live for the next day, they perceived him as a senseless human being who was motivated to murder. His carefree way of life to live from day to day in the end ended his life leading to his execution. This is a good book and worth reading. It shows you a different way to think about things.
B00003CXWV|5.0|BLOW is surprising - I'm not sure what I expected but what I got was a well thought out and well told story. Depp's character (George Jung) was very believable and for once makeup aged the key character without making him look like he was wearing a wig and several pounds of latex on his face.<BR>The story showed interesting parallelisms between his parents life and relationship to those Jung grew into as he pursued a career of smuggling drugs and getting the US hooked on cocaine. Surprisingly I felt a strong emotional response to Depp's character and the effect he had on his family whereas I didn't have a strong reaction to the drug scene perse.<BR>While covering a large and busy lifetime the movie never seemed to slow or stall rather it seemed move along at quite a pace - all 124 minutes of it.<BR>A few nights later we watched the Infinifilm version (the first one we've actually watched) and I was impressed with the quality of the additional content and its integration.<BR>Depp did overshadow the other talented members of the cast but didn't detract from the movie - I can highly recommend BLOW to anyone that likes a good story telling that provokes emotional reactions while making you think about what you value in life.
B00005BF9Z|2.0|Sadly this is not a good album. I was looking forward to it after listening to \\"Clandestino\\". Some of the songs are good, but it's far from the quality of his previous work. Also, he remixes some of his old songs and calls them something else in this album, that really kills the mood. I want to listen to new songs not remakes of the same old songs. The other thing that got to my nerves, was the quantity of sound clips from TV and Radio added to the songs, that's old too. He tried it in Clandestino and it somehow blended well with the album but in this album it seems annoying. I'm very disappointed; this album could have been great, yet it's far from it.
B00003CXC7|5.0|The best reason to see this is to watch the ever-elegant Grace Kelly in that black and white dress!
B000003TAW|5.0|I fist heard of Weezer when i saw the &quot;Buddy Holly&quot; video on MTV, and i was totally blown away by the song (as simple as hell, but otherwise catchy).  Then i heard &quot;The Sweater Song&quot; and i was convinced to buy the cd right away.  But don't take just these two songs; the whole cd is a masterpiece.  All 10 songs are very simple, but very melodic, sticky and genious: the harmonica on &quot;My Name Is Jonas&quot;, the lyrics of &quot;The World has turned...&quot; and &quot;In The Garage&quot;, the big bass solo on &quot;Only In Dreams&quot;, the excelent feel of hearing &quot;Surf Wax America&quot; and the amazing &quot;Say It Ain't So&quot;, which is by far the best track on the cd.  All in all, in my taste, the cd ranks as one of the best in history, and makes Weezer one of the best bands ever!
B00005QW9V|5.0|After six months of mostly dreck, along came Hedwig and the Angry Inch, the best movie release (so far) for 2001.  The movies is brilliantly co-written, directed and performed by John Cameron Mitchell.  The offbeat story begins with great humor and upbeat energy and unfolds to reveal the story of not just a cross-dressing rocker but the deepest yearnings and trials we all face as human beings.  Compassionate, witty, touching and insightful this movie also ROCKS.  The music is wonderful and I ran out and bought the CD immediately (this from a die-hard opera fan).  I've seen it twice and plan to buy the video.  It does what art should, it uplifts, transforms and revivifies and thrills with great talent.  Thank you for this movie.
B00003CXAA|3.0|We're all adults.  Shouldn't we be able to buy each Godfather film separately?  Honestly, the set costs $....  Do you really want Godfather III?  Of course not, but you're essentially forced to buy it because you can't get the other two without buying the whole set.  In the long run, we'll all buy the set anyway.  But it just seems silly that you can't buy each film on its own.<br />It's a raw deal unworthy of the best American movie ever made, the orginal \\"Godfather.\\"  It's the best because, simply put, it's more entertaining than \\"Citizen Kane.\\"  And it's better than Part II because it illustrates the dramatic change in Michael Corleone's character.  That's what's at the heart of the original, and that makes it a fascinating character study in and of itself (on top of everything else, of course).  Part II is, essentially, an exploration into Michael's descent into evil.  But without that transformation of character, the film lags a bit over its gargantuan length.  You tend to yearn for more of De Niro's scenes as the younger Don Corleone.  Yet Part II is terminably watchable, as much so as its predecessor.<br />As for Part III, it feels even more like it's been tacked on, unnecessarily, to the original.  I'd rather have my own imagination to envision the string playing out for the entire Corleone family, and the inexplicable addition of George Harrison to the film series makes the Part III even sillier.<br />In the end, it's all about the first two films, and you shouldn't have to pay through the nose for an extra film you don't want.  Shame, shame, shame.
B0000062S0|4.0|I believe any Zep fan will enjoy  this one.<br />The song structures are fine, there are 2 or 3 gems, a couple of regulars, and overall a good miriad of songs.<br />Plant still sings better than 80% of actual repulsive, popular, teen wannabe-singers, and way beyond that. Lost some registers but sing incredibly classy, guts, experienced way, after being one of the greatest rock performers ever.<br />Page's  guitar sounds are always exotic, warm, heavy, sloppy and  creative. The great years and the hard drugs are gone, but this musicians are so BIG and creative that you won't be dissapointed if you let them songs crash in your cd player.
B00005N919|4.0|This is a pretty good special edition and I was so excited to see this case when it first went up for preorder.  Now that I have it.....it's ....  The DVD isn't held in very well.  Be very careful when you open this case cause your DVD is more than likely going to fall out.<br />It is a good DVD but if you are going to buy it....put it in a normal case, okay?
B00005B36H|5.0|This is one of the album that gets better every day you listen to it. On my first turn, it sounded just interesting enough to buy it, although I didn't get quite into the music. After five or six turns, the structure of the songs took shape, and by now I really love this album. The most prominent traits are the dense guitar riffs and the powerful, almost shouting vocals, with some sporadic far-eastern influences. The music is very loud and of high pressure. Although some of the epic songs could have been shorter by stripping some unnecessary padding, and the short interludes tend to be somewhat boring, the grand total of &quot;Lateralus&quot; is truly mindblowing.<br />Some words about the cover art: Yes, it's quite interesting and very creative, but I would have loved to get some more facts about the band, since this is the first Tool album I bought. But that's just a minor point of criticism.
B000024JEX|5.0|The ultimate 7-hour trip into the land of jazz piano trio.  This set documents three nights of stellar performancs (Jun 3-5, 1994) by Keith Jarrett, Gary Peacock, and Jack DeJohnette.  And what performances!  The highlights are too many and varied to mention from the brilliance of &quot;Autumn Leaves&quot; (all 26+ minutes from the solo intro to superb interplay of three musicians at their artistic peak) on disc III to the sublime, melodic performance of &quot;Skylark&quot; on disc II and many many others.  This box set is pure magic and well worth the price--quite possibly Jarrett's best trio effort.  This is the ultimate piano trio box set and definitely as good a place as any to start or continue a collection into the art form.  Very Highly Recommended.  Note:  Jarrett's annoying grunting and peculiar &quot;singing&quot; are kept to a relative minimum which only makes this set even more appealing.
1587990717|5.0|I read this book in almost a single sitting. The author draws you into a world of his own where you start becoming critical of shallow thinkers arond you. I personally have no patience for pretentious shallow thinkers and somehow I feel that Taleb is vindicating me. Some parts are immensely entertaining. <BR>The end may be a little too short. I wish the author went more into the biological reasons for our probability biases. I also think that he was a little harsh on George Will, as there are plenty of worse journalists around.
B00005NWZ2|2.0|As much as I love the music of Marc Bolan, I was very disappointed with this release.  As the previous reviewer mentioned, there's nothing going for this album: no original album design, no lyrics, and poor reproduction.  In a way, it does spoil the album for me.  With the &quot;30th Anniversary Edition&quot; one would expect to see a wonderfully packaged tribute to a great album; instead this seems to have been hastily put together, almost as an after thought.  C'mon - Marc deserved better than this!<br />Buy the old edition and let's hope justice is done on the next anniversary.
B00005N919|3.0|It's bold, it's daring, it's in-your-face - it's a mess. Michael Douglas works overtime to make this thriller thrilling, but he doesn't quite succeed. Sharon Stone doesn't help matters with her stoney facade. It is, however, very sexy in some scenes. If they'd just concentrated on that it would've been fine, but the excessive gore scenes are just that - excessive. It's not scary and it never puts you on edge, and most unforgivably, the ending is far from satisfying.
0440219078|5.0|I am about 13 years old and i loved this book.  At first it was confusing but it got really good after the first part.  This is probaly 1 of the best books i have ever read so far!  Anybody who says this book is stupid has'nt read the book.  Read this book, it wont be a waste of your time.  I guarentee it.
0784011176|3.0|This film gets three stars because it clearly was a wonderful movie for a lot of people -- including a lot of reviewers here. And I can respect that. The acting was fine and the movie beautiful, but the story itself left me with the taste of bile in my mouth.<BR>The sick, twisted &quot;romance&quot; portrayed in this movie is not my cup o' tea. The ending just seemed wrong to me, and the &quot;romance&quot; seemed a lot more like abuse of women, and I don't find that entertaining, thank you very much.
6305499365|5.0|This movie is so funny I don't know where to begin.Anybody can relate to this movie because we've all had jobs we hated at one time or another in our lives.I'm not going to tell you what the story is about because most of the other reviewers have already done so,but the underlying message is this... you can either be a robot and do nothing with your life or you can follow your instincts and make something of your life and be happy.Nobody portrays that better than Peter Gibons(played by Ron Livingston)A really great movie that reminds us of the fact that we all have choices,but what choice will you make? 5 stars all the way!!
B00003CY0V|5.0|First, the action. Swordfish has some of the best action sequences in a movie. Within the first 5 minutes-I was clenching my seat going &quot;OH MY GOD.&quot; <br />Second, the questions. Movie questions- The opening seen talks about the lack of realism in movies. &quot;What he (the bad guy) wanted to get away with it. Really wanted to get away with it.&quot; Most movies don't really address that. This one does.<BR>Terrorism questions-This movie asks, how far do you go to protect US citizens? A very good question. People might even pay attention after 9-11.<br />The computer stuff is a bit hokie, but thats the worst thing in the movie to me. They had to some graphical representation of the 'worm.' After all, just showing lines of code would be very boring.<br />Even before 9-11, this was a great action movie about terrorism.
B00003CXN4|5.0|...most people hate a challenge, meaning a well scripted, intelligent movie that makes you pay attention to the goings-on.<BR>and you're gonna pay attention to this movie...not because the movie requires you to challenge your inner demons, but because so many levels and classes of people are represented here from many various backgrounds that you are bound to see a character that reminds you of someone you know!<BR>...del toro, cheadle and the under-rated guzman give the stronger performances along with christensen; together they offer the viewer characters to care about...but the ensemble cast is so vast, that not enough screen time is alotted to these fine actors...tsk, tsk....the good news is that with so much diversity and talent being offered they all come together like a good gumbo and satisfy most of your entertainment needs.
B00005JHAB|3.0|I'm sitting here and I just finished watching the Wedding Planner. it was so well planned it was predictable.It was a typical .Of course, what do you expect from a Hollywood movie? There was You've got Mail, She's all That ....all those chick flicks.Typical, typical, typical. The most hallarious thing was J.Lo 's father's best friend. He and Matthew  M. made the movie. It was a cutsie little movie that you would watch while doing the ironing.<BR>~WooWoo
B00004SGNJ|5.0|This cd is absolutly the best Billie Holiday has ever made. The violins &amp; horns go very well together. My favorite song is Violets for your furs. It is so lovely, the lyrics and arrangements.Great jazz cd! Even though this was the late Billie Holiday, the music is beautiful, whith lavishing arrrangements. Buy this cd now!
B000021YQV|5.0|System of a Down rocks. The music is incredibly original and perfect. The lyrics are powerful. I listen to this album more than twice a day. The more I listen to it, the more I enjoy it. My friends have all bought the album since hearing mine, and now they're SOAD fanatics too.
B00004RFFS|5.0|Interview with the Vampire: The saddest vampires you will ever see.<br /> In a massive crane shot of the San Francisco bay, our journey starts.  Moving through the streets of the Town, the angle settles in on a large window, encasing a single man, timelessly dressed and displaying a somber look.  He begins.<br />It is 1791, and the setting is New Orleans.  Brad Pitt is miserable, alone, and drunk.  In a montage of glimpses into the pathetic, tiresome life of a Louisiana plantation master we see how dull and lifeless Pitt's Louis really is.  Once he is bitten by a vampire, however, that all changes.  Left for dead, he is visited by this phantom of the night who offers him a new life, \\"One [he] could never imagine.\\"<br /> Director Neil Jordan's Vampires are unlike any ever glimpsed before on the screen.  They are not mindless bloodhounds, scavenging for any piece of flesh they can get their undead hands on.  What these creatures of the night are, to put it simply, is decadent.  Beautifully dressed with silky smooth, albeit unnaturally pale skin, they live lavish lifestyles, surrounded by servants and valets.  Theirs is a sad eternity, living cursed lives in which they become martyrs out of their own accord.<br /> Tom Cruise brings unexpected fresh blood into the old legends of the undead with his character, the Vampire Lestat.  It seems that, long ago, Lestat realized that without living well and enjoying his nights, he would wind up miserable.  He therefore chooses Louis, perhaps the worst candidate for immorality, to accompany him through the years, disregarding the fact that Louis looks for death around every street corner.<br />Using Louis' plantation as a home, he lives his nights gaily, feasting on aristocrats, fresh young girls, and gilded youths.  He has no regard for human life, as well he shouldn't, according to him.  Either it is the supernatural aspect of the character or Lestat's innate talent for wooing women, but the viewer finds it strangely appealing to watch him seduce women and men alike into his grasp, only to drain the life out of them like so many cattle.<br />The real stars of this movie, however, are Brad Pitt and Kirsten Dunst.  Louis and Claudia are bonded by an unshakeable love for each other that spans centuries, and it shines through in every shouting match, gesture, silence, and embrace these two engage in throughout our brief glimpse into their worlds.  As a nine year old Vampire, Claudia is faced with a most difficult life:  Live forever, but live it as a child.  She spends the first 30 years in simple tutorage, but then moves on to become the angst ridden, anger filled woman-child that brings her milky white, smooth as death skin to life.<br />The burden of all this falls on Louis however, who feels the pain of her loss of innocence more than she ever could.  With the years to look upon her, he observes as only an eternal father could, with sadness.  During a poignant sequence which serves to tear out the souls from the viewing audience, Lestat's first and only tears fall from his face.  It is in this moment that we see the undying love he feels for Claudia, and how mortal these creatures really are.<br /> Even a movie as well directed as this one, however, is nothing without an incredible score to accompany it, and Interview With The Vampire is no exception.  Elliott Goldenthal scores this film with a deft hand, capturing the most intense moments with stunning violin solos, swooping cello and bass parts, and tops it all off with a cover of the classic `Sympathy for the Devil,' by The Rolling Stones.  It is accomplished by none other than latter-day greats Guns N' Roses, and ends the film in a staggeringly twisted climax that will leave you begging Ann Rice for more.  In short, Interview With The Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles is a demonic treat, a sinful feast for the eyes, and will sate your lust for cinematic blood for centuries to come.atch him seduce women and men alike into his grasp, only to drain the life out of them like so many cattle.<BR>The real stars of this movie, however, are Brad Pitt and Kirsten Dunst.  Louis and Claudia are bonded by an unshakeable love for each other that spans centuries, and it shines through in every shouting match, gesture, silence, and embrace these two engage in throughout our brief glimpse into their worlds.  As a nine year old Vampire, Claudia is faced with a most difficult life:  Live forever, but live it as a child.  She spends the first 30 years in simple tutorage, but then moves on to become the angst ridden, anger filled woman-child that brings her milky white, smooth as death skin to life.  <BR>The burden of all this falls on Louis however, who feels the pain of her loss of innocence more than she ever could.  With the years to look upon her, he observes as only an eternal father could, with sadness.  During a poignant sequence which serves to tear out the souls from the viewing audience, Lestat's first and only tears fall from his face.  It is in this moment that we see the undying love he feels for Claudia, and how mortal these creatures really are.<BR> Even a movie as well directed as this one, however, is nothing without an incredible score to accompany it, and Interview With The Vampire is no exception.  Elliott Goldenthal scores this film with a deft hand, capturing the most intense moments with stunning violin solos, swooping cello and bass parts, and tops it all off with a cover of the classic `Sympathy for the Devil,' by The Rolling Stones.  It is accomplished by none other than latter-day greats Guns N' Roses, and ends the film in a staggeringly twisted climax that will leave you begging Ann Rice for more.  In short, Interview With The Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles is a demonic treat, a sinful feast for the eyes, and will sate your lust for cinematic blood for centuries to come.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Four people who simply want one thing out of their lives-To achieve their goals and be happy. Ultimatley, I think that's what we all want-but how many of us are willing to take and sell drugs,or starve or sell our bodies to get that happiness?An older women who is past her prime is given a false sense of hope and security by believeing he will be on her favorite TV show. Her son Harry (Leto) sells herione and uses crack and pot and heroine on a daily basis. His best friend, Tyrone (Wayans) is just as much as an addict, although he faces more of the racial instsnces dealing drugs. harry's girlfriend is as big an addict and sells her body for coke as she reaches her bottom level. Harry's arm becomes infected with gangreen from where he shoots up-did anyone even know that was possible?It was interesting to see different types of tracks-although scary. sara Goldfarb (Burnsten) goes crazy. In the end I cried because even if these people got what they wanted all along-how better would their lives have been? great movie!
B000001IPL|5.0|It doesnt get any better then this as Offspring is concerned, listened to this Cd over and over and still am not tired of it. In my opinion, Smash is the best song on that Cd, but eh, thats just my opinion. Gets a 10 star out of 5 , good job ( Yes I know, 10 out of 5)
006441034X|5.0|This is one of my favorite books of all time!!!<BR>with humor and a tad of romance I'll be reading this book when I'm 64!!! ;)
B00003CX9E|5.0|Citizen Kane is considered by many cinematic experts and the AFI (American Film Institute) to be the GREATEST AMERICAN film of the last 100 years and maybe of all time. With this SPECIAL DVD EDITION set we now can understand the complexity and genius of the film and the characters it portrays.  Many hundreds of reviewers have made comments, given opinions and their ideas about this epic &quot;CITIZEN KANE&quot;.<BR>I only want to add my observation and enlightenment to this #1 Classic Film.  I was curious to learn why this was voted and acclaimed to be the BEST AMERICAN FILM in the last 100 years.<BR>My advice and conclusions are:<BR>1.) Make this a project (as if it was for school or research). <BR>2.) Understand the world of 1941.<BR>3.) Understand the Characters both real and within the world of Citizen Kane.<BR>4.) Discover the meaning of &quot;ROSEBUD&quot;.<BR>This DVD set provides all the background and character development (DISC 2).  Once you move into this world you will be ready to enjoy and digest the movie (DISC 1).<br />This DVD set is a great educational tool to the world of the cinematic genius of Orson Welles and the power of money.  A newly ReMastered Picture and Sound DVD provides the vivid black &amp; white world of &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;.  After watching &amp; studying all the Special Features, I was ready to graduate to the movie itself.  Now it is to me A Classic, a one time event in the history of cinema.<BR>This is a great experience and with the right investment in time you may to consider &quot;CITIZEN KANE&quot; one of the best films ever to bloom from a &quot;ROSEBUD&quot; and why.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|To answer another reviewer's question, Yes, I would buy this music no matter who was singing it. I happen to love Dylan's aching raspy voice. The raspier he gets, the more i love it. Beautiful, witty songs of course.... Dylan is making better music now-a-days than ever. I had favorites before this, but this is great, absolutely wonderful.   Rock on, Bob!
B00003CWTI|5.0|magnolia is simply and quite frankly mind-boggling. this would therefore imply confusing, which it is, but so is memento, lost highway, and many others which i wont list them all. does confusion therefore imply ingenuity? no i think not, but when confusion gives way to such a complete understanding - that is when ingenuity reveals itself. <BR>the beginning and ending of this film (both very prolific and involving)are pulled off nicely. the infamous &quot;raining frogs scene&quot; is simply fantastic and one of the best scenes. <BR>the universal singing at the end of the film is not really as absurd as it sounds. what those &quot;singing&quot; scenes do is relate all these characters (petals if you will) to the main flower, the magnolia. all these characters share the same plight, and that is simply the plight of opposition - we all share throughout our lives. and the singing is not over-the-top it is done well, just like one would sing their favorite song from the top 10 to themself. <BR>this film has attributes most others don't, and that is overall clarity (which most films prefer to blur), is moving (which most films prefer to implement with only a death), and a passion to reveal to the audience that a film doesnt have to be about supernatural or otherworldly things to catch an interest, all a film has to do is be honest.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Playing in rewind, this film tells the story of ex-insurance investigator Leonard (Guy Pearce) with an uncontrolable case of &quot;short-term&quot; memory lose lives for only one purpose, to find and kill the man who raped and &quot;murdered&quot; his wife, using tattoed notes on his body as his only source of progress. An deniably interesting and gripping thriller loaded with many mixed elements of film noir, astonishing performances and an uncountable number of twists and turns that it packs a punch right in the viewers face.<BR>This DVD edition is a delightful treat for such an outstanding film. Razor sharp picture and crystal clear sound, informative IFC (Independent Film Channel) interview with director Christopher Nolan, theatrical trailer and TV spot, trailer for director's earlier feature &quot;Following&quot;, interesting and somewhat creepy tattoo gallery and director and cast biographies. A must have DVD for anyone who owns a player.
006441034X|5.0|This is one of my favorite books of all time!!!<BR>with humor and a tad of romance I'll be reading this book when I'm 64!!! ;)
B00005N5S5|4.0|First off, the stupid thing is confusing. It took me a good ten or twenty minutes to figure out that there was no &quot;play the movie&quot; option because it was on the other side of the disc. (Which, conveneiently enough, is not labeled very clearly)<BR>The picture and sound quality was well transfered to DVD. <BR>The &quot;extra features&quot; really didn't seem worth the money. The extra footage they managed to dig up is not very interesting. I can see why the whole mis-matched collection of 30 second clips was removed from the final movie. In other words, if you already own this movie in one format or another and are thinking about getting the DVD for the &quot;Terminated Scenes&quot;, don't bother.<BR>The documentary was alright. I would have prefered to see it emulate the style of the TV show &quot;Movie Magic&quot; (or some name like that. It was on the Discovery Channel a few years ago)<BR>The Terminator is a wonderful movie. If you like this genre and have the cash to spend, pick up the DVD.<BR>If not, get the VHS.
6304602979|5.0|True Romance is one of those movies that has a scene for everybody, I think. Walken and Hopper have a great interaction that pits perception against trivia, and the outcome is truly heroic. Gary Oldman is just frighteningly adept, and I had to read the credits to realize who he was. Summing up the acting, it was all great. <br />The plot is really entertaining, in a &quot;What if..?&quot; style. Of course it requires the suspension of disbelief, but what else are movies for? The story is energetic, and all of the characters are interesting. Especially Floyd (played by someone perfect for that part). <br />Someone complained about all the cameos, but I find those entertaining. I also happen to think that so many people appeared in this movie because they read the script and REALLY wanted to have their names associated with it. Would not surprised me at all. As well, all the cameos give the average watcher (I've observed, anyway) something to look for and notice. It's always exciting and pleasing to recognize an actor on the screen. :)<br />Wanting to check my opinion of this movie, I watched it with my beloved snuggle-babe, and she thought it was awesome. I told her that I thought this was one of the most romantic movies I'd seen in a long time, and she agreed with me. Either we're both twisted, or both really perceptive. No matter which, check it out for yourself. If you liked Pulp Fiction, The Replacement Killers and/or Tombstone, you'll probably enjoy this.
6305807086|5.0|incredible - this is the only word that can describe my awe when the film was over. cusack is erratic and ingenious as always and diaz is incredibly subtle, but really gets your attention later on. malkovich (also great in Shadow of the Vampire) is simply amazing, especially in the restaurant scene which is odd, but believable in a contradictory sort of way. charlie sheen makes a surprising cameo which is really funny.<BR>the whole uniqueness of this film is really hard to explain, its best if you watch it. some people will think it's too screwball &lt;insert cusack film here&gt;, but others will really watch it with an open mind and see all the things of this film's ingenuity. <BR>not exactly an original general storyline, but its presentation (which is, in my opinion, the only original thing nowadays) is simply stunning AND original. great acting all the way around, interesting story, plot twists, comedy most of all, and one of the best 1999 films by far (however the all-time best is american beauty, but i wont go into that...i mean i have a list dont i)...
0792156684|5.0|We all know the hype Titanic received when it was released before and even more so after it was first released on December 19th, 1997. But given the facts that this film is the most expensive ever created, at a cost of $200 million, and later becoming the most successful movie ever released, making over $2.5 billion worldwide in ticket sales. As well as having an entire new studio, Fox Studios Baja, built for the sole purpose of creating this mammoth film. <BR>Obviously, the filmmakers of Titanic, spearheaded by Director/ Writer/ Editor/ etc James Cameron, where very dedicated to the creation of this film, having spent over five years of his life working tirelessly on the creation of what he hoped would be a masterpiece. Justifiably, he was not to be disappointed, and neither was the world public. While it seems there are two groups of people when it comes to Titanic, those who thought it was just the best thing to ever happen to moviemaking (As I do) and others who thought it was just another movie, in retrospect, we can all appreciate it to one degree or another.<BR>The film opens in sweeping shots of the departure of the ship shown in sepia-tone, and transfers almost immediately to the depths of the ocean, and the ghostly hulking remains of the once grand ship, which to a large degree still retains it's grandeur, standing proud and upright as it decays away so far down in the sea. <BR>Soon after, with the introduction of the treasure hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton), we learn he is not at this peaceful place for research, but rather he is hear in search of a dazzling blue diamond, and nothing less. Despite his discovery of the suite's safe, once he lifts it to the research vessel's deck, he finds the safe is empty of the elusive diamond, but he does find a charcoal drawing of nude woman, nearly nude actually, she is wearing the dazzling diamond on a white diamond chain around her neck. This discovery leads Old Rose (Gloria Stuart) to call the expedition with thenews that she is the \\"woman in the picture.\\" <BR>This leads her to come out to the research ship, and begin her tale. We are then transported to sailing day, April 10th, 1912, and almost immediately introduced to a young woman (Kate Winslet) in a white and blue pinstriped suit, with deep beautiful red locks, in an oversized purple wicker hat, adorned by an ever more oversized light purple bow. Soon after, we are shown a nearby pub, where a handsome shaggy haired blonde (Leonardo DiCaprio) is engaged in a poker game, attempting to win a trip aboard the nearby Titanic. <BR>Soon after, it is discovered this young woman is being forced into a loveless marriage, all for the sake of maintaining her mother's and her own way of living. We soon see young Rose is desperate to escape her life, even at the expense of ending it. To do so, she escapes to the stern of the ship, where she stands, contemplating jumping. Jack cautiously approaches her, they both immediately drawn out of their elements, she existing in these moments as nothing more than a desperate young girl, and he as a caring young man trying to understand her desperation and help her overcome it. <BR>From this point, their relationship slowly develops, as she is gradually drawn out of her high society all-rules world, and into his world of carefree life, and uninhibited expressionism. This exposure begins slowly the morning after the suicide incident, after Rose's fianc has presented her with the massive Heart of the Ocean necklace as a token of his affection, showing the only way he knows to express love is through physical possessions, which is how he views Rose herself, as nothing more than a possession. The next morning Rose and Jack Walk along the decks, gradually getting to know one another, as well, here Rose is first drawn into Jack's world when he shows her his sketches, and later teaches her to spit overboard. Later Rose is further exposed to his world when he takes control of the conversation in the First Class Dining Saloon, and then takes her for a \\"real party\\" in steerage class, furter exposing her to his world.<BR>The next morning, Rose's fianc, Cal (Billy Zane), explodes at Rose at breakfast, which perhaps is her first turning point in wanting to leave her world and enter Jack's. <BR>Soon after, she is confronted by Jack, and dismisses him, and then goes looking for him, and his willing affections again. She goes flying with him on the bow, and shares what is perhaps the most affectionate moment of her life, from this moment, she is completely within Jack's world. She soon invites Jack to her suite, for him to commission the later discovered sketch of Rose wearing the diamond. Afterward, she escapes with him and they consummate the relationship in the backseat of a car in the cargo hold. Just afterward, Rose expresses her desire to change her life, just as a huge piece of ice changes the fates of all aboard the ship!<BR>Rose, showing concern for her mother, urges Jack to return with her to tell her mother about the accident. While doing so, Cal has Jack arrested for stealing the necklace, which he had planted in his pocket. Minutes later, when the ship's builder Thomas Andrews (Victor Garber) informs Rose the ship will in fact sink, she rushes to find Jack below, trudging through the bowls of the ship in her multilayered dress and heavy pink overcoat, in search of her love. When she finally finds him, she is forced to search frantically for an axe to free him, the couple eventually escaping the ever flooding areas of the ship. The doomed couple eventually find themselves on the tip of the stern, at the same place where they first met. In a stunning display of special effects, the ship slowly slips below the waves, the couple suddenly separated, and rejoined moments later. Jack then finds Rose a piece of wood to stay out of the water on, he meanwhile rests on the edge of it. They both eventually fall asleep, Jack slipping gracefully into death, and Rose seeing an approaching lifeboat, tries to wake him, but finding him passed away, lets him slip away, while she is eventually is able to gain access into a lifeboat. <BR>Once Rose portrays her story to the treasure hunters she slips to the end of the research ship and drops the necklace, which she has had the entire time, back into the ocean, allowing her to finally have peace with the past. That night she dreams or dies (you decide) and goes back to the Titanic in a beautiful white gown and back into the arms of her beloved. The film then ends with the haunting balled sang perfectly by Celine Dion. <BR>While the screenplay may have it's weak points, these are more than rectified by the immense attention to detail, making every detail of the film as historically accurate as is possible, by the detail obsessed James Cameron. Amplifying the historical details even further are the amazing gowns worn by Rose, as well as all the supporting player's costuming. The detail was such with this film, that the costuming budget alone was a light $7 million. <BR>With the massive amounts of time, effort, obsession, financial backing, and ultimately international unprecedented financial and award winning success, how could anyone pass this movie off as just an over hyped film! I say, give the film a shot, even if you don't think you'll like it. Honestly, I originally disregarded the film myself, but once I heard of how nearly everyone who were seeing it were loving it, I went to see it the day after Christmas of 1997, and I have never looked back! I recommend this film above any other I have ever seen in my life! If you haven't allowed yourself the pleasure of this film, run, don't walk, to the nearest store and rent it! And get yourself ready for the next three and a half hours to just sail away!
006441034X|5.0|This is one of my favorite books of all time!!!<BR>with humor and a tad of romance I'll be reading this book when I'm 64!!! ;)
0805066691|5.0|This book sat on my shelf for almost a year until I finally had the time to give it my full attention and that is what it needs and derserves. Dee Brown explains in every last uncomfortably real detail the plight of the Native Americans in a way that makes you realise who was savage and who was not, I can barely forgive myself for ignoring it for a year but although it may seem daunting at first, you owe it to the lost generations of the wonderful people it details to read this and fully comprehend the message it conveys.
B00003CXFG|4.0|The plot for Pitch Black is pretty standard. I mean, when travelling in space, one can only be invaded, destroyed, trapped or, in this case, crashed. So they crash. What happens from then on is a modern look at what the classics tried to capture. Namely, the feeling of &quot;If things weren't bad enough!&quot; One thing I appreciate about this movie is that they resist the temptation to reduce the castaways (and those rooting for them) to a point of absolute hopelessness. Instead, much more masterfully, the story leaves the characters lunging desperately forward throughout most of the adventure.<br />The acting is pretty standard, the special effects are great (although that's almost par for the course, these days), and the dialogue is decently entertaining. <br />What makes this movie jump a couple of points for me is Vin Diesel, and the just awesome delivery of his lines. There is something impressively intense about his performance, and even as I think on it, I can't put it into words. Electrifying, if you will. <br />The direction is good, and throughout the movie we get a lot of good looks at people's expressions, which helps place me into a &quot;I'm there&quot; feel. Great directing helps this movie climb ahead of it's destination, too. <br />The critters... well, someone said you don't get a good look at them. Not true. But there are lots of glimpses prior to that, and the feeling one gets is to turn on all the lights and just... make sure... that the noise you heard was the plumbing. A GREAT &quot;jumper/action&quot; flick. If you liked Aliens, Lethal Weapons and/or Pulp Fiction, this one has something for you.
B00003CXWV|5.0|blow is one of the best films of 2001. blow is not traffic, ive heard the comparisons a thousand times. yes, they are both about drugs, but so is requiem for a dream which are totally different films. <BR>johnny depp is, as always, incredibly good in this film. you can understand where he's coming from and why he does what he does. the reason for watching this movie, is not because it has an original story, it is because it has really good acting. i challenge anyone to not feel for depp's character at the ending when he &quot;meets&quot; his daughter in prison. <BR>this is a sad movie, but it's not without comic relief, which is always good. <BR>the only thing i didnt like, which isnt enough to ruin the movie, was penelope cruz. she's a great actress, but in blow she was a little over-acted on most parts, but again nothing which would ruin the movie, since she's in like the last 30 min. of it.<BR>ray liotta is as always phenomenal, he seems to be just as good in every movie he's done way back to goodfellas, he's just incredible. <BR>this movie has been compared to tons of movies that this movie really has nothing to do with. for example, boogie nights. they both take place in the 70s and they both have drugs. boogie nights was great (5 stars), but the comparison is lax, same with the traffic comparison. traffic was lack-luster (3 stars), douglas's worst performance to date, but im not going to go on about traffic.<BR>blow is at least worth a rental, if not a buy. buy it.
B00005N5S5|4.0|Though I'm no fan of Arnold Schwarzenegger films, I must confess an admiration for this 1984 science fiction thriller. Tautly directed by James Cameron, The Terminator mixes time travel, cyborgs, romance (however brief) and action sequences without getting bogged down by lengthy, contrived dialogue. Cameron manages to squeeze a great deal out of a miniscule budget: the special effects are good but do not overpower the story (something that almost derailed the sequel). Schwarzenegger is perfectly suited to play a relentless killing machine, exuding quiet but deadly menace in every scene, particularly the police station massacre. Biehn and Hamilton are also good fleshing out the typical hero/heroine roles without needless exposition. Like the Terminator itself, the chase sequences are unrelenting and gripping; Cameron takes advantage of night shooting, harsh fluorescence and a 1980s electronic music score to add to the tone of endless pursuit. The new Special Edition DVD is a dazzling, remastered print--I have never seen this film look and sound so good--and the bonus features (deleted scenes, interviews, documentaries) are welcome treats. Despite its low budget, The Terminator avoids being a cheap, by-the-numbers sci-fi/action flick (a pity many of my fellow film geek friends stick up their noses at this &quot;action movie&quot;)and proves James Cameron has the talent to create intelligent, exciting popcorn films (Titanic notwithstanding) that appeal even to film geeks.
B000002JSN|5.0|A great album, perhaps the greatest album of the seventies and of all time.  No other album has ever been made that can match Physical Graffiti's  magical mixture of intense hard rock, grunge, spiritual longing, decadence, lust, and remarkable song writing ability.   Robert Plant's unabashed goofy lyrics about Vikings and mysticism, which were a handicap on other albums (i.e. The Rain Song, No Quarter, and later Achilles Last Stand) on this album are more competently written and blend perfectly with the tone of the songs.  Kasmir, Houses of the Holy, In the Light, Down by the Seaside, The Rover are all spiritual as well as gritty songs -- and all are great.  Unless you're told, you'd never guess Down By the Seaside was written several years earlier.  <br />In My Time of Dying is one of the hardest rocking songs I've ever heard.  Black Country Woman is pure lust.  Sick Again is a great depiction of the LA groupies and underage girls and other temptations that haunted the band.  Ten Years Gone is a beautiful ballad of longing, loss, and destiny.  These songs could be described as filler, but are anything but.  Every song on this album is personal, powerful, and a necessary expression of themselves as artists and people.  Like any great work of art, this album offers the listener a complicated, multifaceted picture of the human soul -- sometimes beautiful, sometimes tortured, often conflicting, but always honest and raw.  And for me, always great to listen to.  <br />I would never try to convert anyone to liking their music, and if it's not your thing, so be it, but anybody who says they weren't great musicians is a fool.  Sorry, but cry all you want and the earth will still be round.  I've read some of the negative  reviews here, of this album and others by Zeppelin, and fine if you don't like them, but understand a few things: Jimmy Page is a great guitarist.  Few guitarists ever have been as versatile or as dynamic.  Remember he had many years of session work underhis belt before he ever formed Led Zeppelin, which became his vehicle for self-expression.  John Bonham was a genius.  More subtle than just about any rock drummer ever, and yet more ferocious than anyone before or since.  Compare his work on I Can't Quit You from their first album to When the Levee Breaks.  John Paul Jones was a top-notch professional musician, as a bass player and as a keyboard player. Robert Plant may not be the great rock singer of all time (although unlike Jimmy he's gotten better with age), but he is the quintessential front man, the dynamic, uninhibited showman.  But let's give him credit, he's the perfect match for Page, and wailing and screaming and moaning aside, he IS a good singer.<br />So Zeppelin [borrowed] from the blues.  Yes, and the blues have been [borrowing] from itself since the blues existed, and Zeppelin's heart was in the blues.  Robert Johnson sang Preachin' Blues and Son House sang Preachin' the Blues.  Just because Johnson's version is a reworking of Son House's song hardly diminishes the emotional and technical impact of the song.  And thirty-five, forty years later, Zeppelin is borrowing from Robert Johnson.  It's all part of the fabric -- the blues is personal, yet each person's blues is shared by all.  The Stones [borrowed] the blues just as bad, and I think with less competence, but hey, that's just my opinion.  Their cover of Robert Johnson's song Love in Vain on Exile on Main Street is pretty dang good, only they list the credits as \\"Trad. Arrangement.\\"  It's the same song, word for word, practically note for note. <br />Somebody [...]thinks they're the Led Zeppelin expert, and by being the Led Zeppelin expert [...], their opinion somehow means more.  Well, let's get some facts straight.  Stevie Wonder never wrote a song called \\"Trampled Under Foot,\\" anymore than Mozart ever wrote a song called Because.  And the Beatle's song Because borrows far more heavily from Moonlight Sonata than Trampled Under Foot does from Superstition.  Night Flight was not a Rolling Stones song -- perhaps this person read Hammer of the Gods and read the line, \\"could have been a Rolling Stones track\\" and replaced \\"could have been\\" with \\"was.\\"  Who knows.  Who knows what people's agendas are.  Led Zeppelin is a great band, and Physical Graffiti is a great album.  Zeppelin's music will live with us for as long as radios and cd players or some means of playing music exist on this earth -- their music is truly timeless.
B00000K0DT|5.0|I've read a few complaints about this movie, based on a couple of really repetitive factors. I'll try to address these, and then... give you my opinion. Make of it what you will. <br />&quot;Expletive laden/language&quot; - Well, folks, I've got news for some of the sheltered: real people talk like this. It happens every day. And the more violent, or direct, or less socially constrained people use this language. Get over it. It gives the movie an element of realism. <br />&quot;Didn't feel for the characters&quot; - I can understand this one. These characters are rough, mean and relatively unforgiving. There is very little mercy in this entire movie, and it's a little disturbing for people used to Mel Gibson-type characters. Live with it. There are parts of the world all around us that exist in exactly this kind of mode. If that scares you, too bad. Realistic, or even kinda not-so-realistic looks at that are important. It acknowledges that they exist. And this reflects it quite well. <br />&quot;Makes no sense&quot; - *sigh* There are those who didn't understand the movie. That happens. But rest assured (those of you who haven't seen it) that all will be explained by the time the credits roll. If you saw The Matrix, and were not confused by it, then you should track this just fine. The key, of course, is to free your mind (unintentional, but I'm leaving it in) and be observant. Don't wander off in the middle of this movie without pausing it, or you'll miss some clues. ;)<BR>For those of you who saw it, and thought it made no sense, looking at it this way might help: The entire story is about a story told by Verbal, and what Dave hears and sees, rather than what Verbal says and shows. Consider it. <br />Hope I didn't ruin it for anyone. I think this is a great movie, and the acting is simply first rate. Kevin Pollak is outstanding, and Spacey is god-like. Just fantastic! Bought it, no regrets at all.
0446608955|1.0|I LOVED Message in a Bottle and The Notebook, so I was bitterly disappointed when I read A Walk to Remember.  The plot was too predictable (from who Landon was going to take to the prom to what he was going to do to make Jamie's dream come true).<br />It reads like a book that was written in one weekend because Nicholas Sparks' book Editor was pushing him to put out another book on the heels of his first two books' success.
0800179501|5.0|The Karate Kid is a metaphor for life. What would the youth of America be today if this series was not in existence. Personally, this movie changed my life forever. I was 10 the first time I came across this movie. I was sitting at my father's feet eating chips when Daniel was at the Halloween party in that awesome shower costume (I've dressed up in that same costume every year since to keep the spirit of the Karate Kid alive, I'm 33 now). Anyway, when Johnny and the rest of the Kobra Kai surround and start to attack Daniel, this is where my life was forever changed. Miyagi flies down from the fence with swan like grace and defeats the foes with gusto and fervor, without breaking a sweat. I turned in excitement towards my father to notice that he had tied his old, worn leather belt around his head. Before I had a chance to ask what he was doing he kicked me in the face and sent me flying into the television set, knocking the antenna to the floor. Groggy, I sttod up not knowing what happened. I look up to see him balancing himself on the arm of the couch and then drop kicking me in the heart, breaking a young rib. Doubled over with pain, he realized that I was in need of something. He picked me up by the hair, brought me an inch from his face and screamed, &quot;First you suffer, then you suffer some more.&quot; I look away, ashamed at this display. He grabs my face and wrenches it towards him saying: &quot;Do you have a problem with that Mr. Lawrence?&quot; Before I respond he then hit me with a spin punch in my left temple, knocking me out for the next 2 and a half hours. When I finally awoke, I had learned from my mother, whom I later referred to only as Mrs. Laruso, or Mrs. L, that my father had gone on a quest to China to become a defender of freedom and virtue. He was never heard from again. The Karate Kid taught me discipline and defense. Thanks Daniel, Miyagi, Mrs. Laruso, Allison, Johnny and most of all Sensei John Creese!<br />-Terry Silver
B000002JSN|5.0|A great album, perhaps the greatest album of the seventies and of all time.  No other album has ever been made that can match Physical Graffiti's  magical mixture of intense hard rock, grunge, spiritual longing, decadence, lust, and remarkable song writing ability.   Robert Plant's unabashed goofy lyrics about Vikings and mysticism, which were a handicap on other albums (i.e. The Rain Song, No Quarter, and later Achilles Last Stand) on this album are more competently written and blend perfectly with the tone of the songs.  Kasmir, Houses of the Holy, In the Light, Down by the Seaside, The Rover are all spiritual as well as gritty songs -- and all are great.  Unless you're told, you'd never guess Down By the Seaside was written several years earlier.  <br />In My Time of Dying is one of the hardest rocking songs I've ever heard.  Black Country Woman is pure lust.  Sick Again is a great depiction of the LA groupies and underage girls and other temptations that haunted the band.  Ten Years Gone is a beautiful ballad of longing, loss, and destiny.  These songs could be described as filler, but are anything but.  Every song on this album is personal, powerful, and a necessary expression of themselves as artists and people.  Like any great work of art, this album offers the listener a complicated, multifaceted picture of the human soul -- sometimes beautiful, sometimes tortured, often conflicting, but always honest and raw.  And for me, always great to listen to.  <br />I would never try to convert anyone to liking their music, and if it's not your thing, so be it, but anybody who says they weren't great musicians is a fool.  Sorry, but cry all you want and the earth will still be round.  I've read some of the negative  reviews here, of this album and others by Zeppelin, and fine if you don't like them, but understand a few things: Jimmy Page is a great guitarist.  Few guitarists ever have been as versatile or as dynamic.  Remember he had many years of session work underhis belt before he ever formed Led Zeppelin, which became his vehicle for self-expression.  John Bonham was a genius.  More subtle than just about any rock drummer ever, and yet more ferocious than anyone before or since.  Compare his work on I Can't Quit You from their first album to When the Levee Breaks.  John Paul Jones was a top-notch professional musician, as a bass player and as a keyboard player. Robert Plant may not be the great rock singer of all time (although unlike Jimmy he's gotten better with age), but he is the quintessential front man, the dynamic, uninhibited showman.  But let's give him credit, he's the perfect match for Page, and wailing and screaming and moaning aside, he IS a good singer.<br />So Zeppelin [borrowed] from the blues.  Yes, and the blues have been [borrowing] from itself since the blues existed, and Zeppelin's heart was in the blues.  Robert Johnson sang Preachin' Blues and Son House sang Preachin' the Blues.  Just because Johnson's version is a reworking of Son House's song hardly diminishes the emotional and technical impact of the song.  And thirty-five, forty years later, Zeppelin is borrowing from Robert Johnson.  It's all part of the fabric -- the blues is personal, yet each person's blues is shared by all.  The Stones [borrowed from] the blues just as bad, and I think with less competence, but hey, that's just my opinion.  Their cover of Robert Johnson's song Love in Vain on Exile on Main Street is pretty dang good, only they list the credits as \\"Trad. Arrangement.\\"  It's the same song, word for word, practically note for note. <br />Somebody [...]thinks they're the Led Zeppelin expert, and by being the Led Zeppelin expert [...], their opinion somehow means more.  Well, let's get some facts straight.  Stevie Wonder never wrote a song called \\"Trampled Under Foot,\\" anymore than Mozart ever wrote a song called Because.  And the Beatle's song Because borrows far more heavily from Moonlight Sonata than Trampled Under Foot does from Superstition.  Night Flight was not a Rolling Stones song -- perhaps this person read Hammer of the Gods and read the line, \\"could have been a Rolling Stones track\\" and replaced \\"could have been\\" with \\"was.\\"  Who knows.  Who knows what people's agendas are.  Led Zeppelin is a great band, and Physical Graffiti is a great album.  Zeppelin's music will live with us for as long as radios and cd players or some means of playing music exist on this earth -- their music is truly timeless.
B00005JKES|1.0|Apparently, that's the big bonus feature - lack of pilot!! OK, they might release all television series' in box sets of seasons. HOWEVER, they always INCLUDE the pilot in the 1st season box set!! The Twin Peaks &quot;Special Edition&quot; 1st Season just seems like an evil corporate money-making scheme to get consumers to buy this DVD, the 2nd season DVD (whenever it's released) AND a SEPARATE pilot DVD. It makes me sick. If David Lynch had anything to do with this, I hate to say it, shame on him!!! I think it's better to wait this one out. Eventually, they will probably come out with a DVD box set of BOTH seasons + the PILOT all in one complete box set. Then, it REALLY WILL BE A SPECIAL EDITION (and worth the money). The waiting's the hardest part...ugh... :(
B00003CXAA|4.0|I am just wondering why this DVD does not have subtitles in Spanish, this being the second most spoken language in the USA.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Wether you are a Godfather fan or you saw it once (when it was released), you should own this set. I don't think I need to refer to the movie itself, because it has been much talked about and there are a lot of reviews on it, but instead explain the contents of the set. (This review is probably interesting for &quot;The Godfather&quot; fanatics who cant wait to have the box-set on their hands, but it can be helpful for those who wanted more info before they bought it.)<br />*Disc 1 contains &quot;The Godfather&quot; with Marlon Brando on its cover.<BR>*Discs 2 &amp; 3 contain &quot;The Godfather Part II&quot; with Al Pacino on the front cover and Robert DeNiro on the second cover.<BR>*Disc 4 obviously contains Part III with older Al Pacino on the cover.<BR>*Disc 5 contains the bonus materials: (Francis Ford Coppola on the cover)<BR>-Behind the scenes:<BR>The Godfather Family: A Look Inside, On Location, F. Coppolas Notebook, The Music of the Godfather, Coppola and Puzo on Screenwriting, Gordon Willis on Cinematography, Storyboards from The Godfather Parts 2 &amp; 3 and &quot;The Godfather Behind The Scenes 1971&quot;.<BR>-Additional Scenes/Chronology<BR>-The Family Tree:<BR>Character and Cast Biographies.<BR>-Photo Galleries<BR>-Theatrical Trailers<BR>-Acclaim and Response:<BR>Academy Award Acceptance Speeches, Lists of Awards and Nominations, 1974 Network TV Introduction and DVD Credits.<BR>-Filmmaker Biographies.<br />I hope this helps you get an idea of what comes with your set. The image quality is great and it has Dolby Digital 5.1. Great buy!
B00004Y6NW|5.0|Nothing on this CD is disappointing.  Mark Knopfler has such a disctinctive sound, guitar and voice, one chord and you KNOW it's him.  I have a good collection of Dire Straits music but never had this one.  I couldn't live any longer without Six Blade Knife.  Now life can go on, happily.<BR>Mark is a lackluster performer in person (my own experience) but no one makes a variety of guitars sound better.  I highly recommend this compilation.
B000007T1M|5.0|Great lyrics, Great melodies...
0790731509|5.0|I'm a movie buff.  56 years old. First saw this wonderful movie in 1967, and it keeps coming back to me.  There are so many memorable scenes and character actors, I could go on for an hour.  It is poignant and sad, humorous and frustrating. I really do feel this is Newman's greatest movie.  George Kennedy deservedly won an oscar for his lovable lug, &quot;Dragline&quot;.  The &quot;car wash&quot; girl is by the way, Joy Harmon.  Memorable scenes: 50 eggs, Car Wash, The warden's &quot;Spend the night in the box&quot; speech, Luke's visit from his mama, looks like dying from lung cancer, Strother Martin's twang &quot;What we have here...is a failure...to communicate!&quot;  Even to this day, my buddy and I still quote this movie all the time in everyday life.....&quot;Oh lord, I know I've been bad, but please don't strike me blind for the next five minutes.&quot;  Dragline said when he sees the car wash girl.  The Boss Man..&quot;the man with no eyes&quot; is too real and intimidating.  Riveting entertainment.  Lots of symbolic meanings. Stunned and dazed when it's over.  Prepare thyself  for big-league emotions.  Outstanding!
B00000K0DQ|4.0|This is a good movie, based on a true story of a nun who helpes a guy on death row, giving him all the support she can - whether it's legal or moral - until he is executed. Even though Helen Prejean's original book is against capital punishment, this movie tries to show all sides of an execution. There are the obvioius ones: the murderer, the families of the victims and the suffering of the victims themselves. But we also get to see some other sides: the reactions of the people working in the jail such as the jailers and the jail's minister, and what the family of the murderer is going through.<br />There are 2 major faults in this movie: one is that even though the movie is trying to be objective but it is obviously against the capital punishment, like the novel it is based on. The second fault is that we get only very vague impressions about Helen's life - they are too vague, and not only do they not contribute to the movie, they only left me with more confused than before.<br />But a great cast, and a good commentary by Tim Robbins make up for these faluts.
B00004Z459|2.0|limp bizkit wannabes in full effect, headbangers ball exclusive.
B00005A46T|4.0|They never fail to provide the goods.
6303314015|5.0|Looks like yet another Disney hit!Beautiful animation,memorable songs and a great plot will keep you glued to the screen!Scar and the hyenas are gret villains,and timon and Pumbaa are great as comic relief!This film is one you should definately have in your Disney video collection!
B00003CXN4|5.0|This is a great movie - it's obvious it's based on vast research and it tries stay as close to the truth as possible (for that alone it deserves 5 stars). It tries to tell about all the aspects of drug traffic: the Mexican side of distributors and police trying to 'interfere' according to its own interests, to a young girl trying to 'experiment' by following a charismatic friend, her father who is is just appointed to be the president's new 'drug czar', her tolerant mother, the cops trying to bust as many distributors as possible, and a shltered wife who learns the ropes while her husband is in jail, and through the eyes of an informer. The cast is great too.<br />But it does have a very obvious flaw - because we are switching so rapidly between so many stories in such a short time, we don't get to experience each one in its full depth, and this can be confusing sometimes.
B00005AXEL|3.0|i give this 3 stars only because stevie is a legend, i have nothing against her i do feel she should pack it in, if you are a fan hey get it.
B00005JKES|1.0|I was first very happy to see whats, in my opinion, is one of the<BR>greatest TV - series in history, beside the X-files and Millennium. Yet why i m giving it a rating of only one star you<BR>would ask ? Because its released by horrendous stupid and ignorant people, whoever they are, are not intelligent enough,<BR>that the whole Twin Peaks series makes absolutely no sense<BR>without the Pilot !!!!!!!!<BR>How do you except to sell  this to people who havent seen the series, when they get only the half plot for their money !!<BR>I hope the releasing company will see their error, and releases<BR>the pilot immidiately, otherwise they can keep their DVD.<BR>All in all, Twin Peaks is one of the greatest TV-series ever made,<BR>with the Pilot, the Collection would have get 5 STARS from me !
B00005Q45W|4.0|Compared to Cohen's last outing, &quot;The Future&quot;, this new album &quot;Ten New Songs&quot; is a stripped-down sound, with simple orchestration and soft sounds. The lyrics he sings are as still as deep and thought-provoking as ever. Dark and light in perfect balance, Cohen takes us by the hand and leads down the backroads of his life, and into the crossroads of ours. It is very apt that this album is released in October, the beginning of Fall, Winter is just around the corner, and this will be the soundtrack for my Fall/Winter 2001.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I just have to go on record with the over 700 other reviewers of this CD: Lauryn Hill is a nothing less than a blessing. Not since my days of listening to Stevie Wonder have I heard an artist who is so soulful, honest, and reflective about her life and the life around her. I've played a few of her songs as part of my poetry writing unit for my 9th graders. I want to show them how an hip-hop artist writes about her life with meaning and detail. Alas, however, I think it's going to be hard for Hill to top this work.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Ignore the lukewarm Amazon review -- this second disc from Rufus Wainwright is every bit as enjoyable as his exceptionally good first one.  Here is a real alternative to mainstream, cookie-cutter corporate musical product.  This disc is not to be missed.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|I have to say that the plot to this movie is original.  It makes you realize that one decision you make can change your life completely.  I really liked the pace of it, and I felt involved watching it.  Because of the nature of the plot, you cannot really predict what will happen next.  Five stars!
B00000I3JM|5.0|Tinseltown in the rain was the first ever Blue Nile song I heard, and it immediately caught my attention.  I sought out their albums.  While I would probably rate this album's successor (Hats) ahead of this one, this is still a classic from start to finish.  Favourites are Stay (&quot;stay and I will understand you&quot;) and Easter Parade.  Try to catch the instrumental version of Heatwave on the single - superb.  Paul Buchanan continues to capture all those emotions we all experience - a lot of the time loss and pain - but expressed in such a way to capture you and make you feel that you're not alone.  If there was some justice in the music world these guys would be huge, but I think the cult tag suits them.  Buy this (and the other 2 albums).  Pop it in the CD player on some wet, windy night and be swept away by the emotions this music evokes.
6305358613|4.0|I felt this was a very good movie, good acting and I think  Cate Blanchett is a excellent actress.  I saw the Gift and she did an excellent job.  However, any history bluff knows that Mary Queen of Scots was Elizabeth R cousin, not her half sister.  I once took an history class and the professor had the same opinion. One has only to read any history book to find that Mary was the daughter of Henry the VIII's beloved Sister.  I find it hard to believe in this day and age a Producer would film a film without checking into History.  However, aside from that, I still am rating this movie a 4 due to the acting and also because I LOVE history.   What I find scary is the fact that many people just accept as fact that Mary and Elizabeth were half sisters, when in fact Mary was a threat to Elizabeth and her claim to the throne of England due to the fact that Henry VIII disowned Elizabeth most of her life.  In fact when her older sister, the real bloody Mary, gained the throne, she locked Elizabeth in the tower fom many years.  She appeared to die from some sort of growth such as a tumor and Elizabeth came to the throne when she was 25 years old.  She was one of the greatest rulers of England.  In fact, she decided that no man would rule her and thus rule England in her place.  However, i still rate this move at least a 4 for the very good acting.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie should have taken home all of the oscars, even the ones they were'nt nominated for.  Gladiator is a must have for the DVD collector, Next to the &quot;Matrix&quot; this is the most viewed movie On my home theater, Got 5.1 digital surround sound?  This movie brings everything to life, from the spectacular screenplay to the outstanding Score. I give it 5-5-5-6 all hands and feet.
0345357116|5.0|This book is a great addition to any Tolkien lovers collection.  Tells the stories that happened behind the scenes and show the evolution of Middle Earth over time.  Chapters about the Hunt for the ring and about Wizards were the best part.
1586210912|5.0|Ok, I admit that Robert Kiyosaki doesn't share anything new.  I will admit that you don't need a book (or audio CD) to know the simple truths in this book.  But what this book does that I have never seen before is to clarify and motivate.<br />Clarify:  The simple truths in this book are described in such a simple and effective way that I found myself saying &quot;How come I didn't remember that from school?&quot;  I may have known the principles in this book on an intuitive level, but this book brought the ideas to the very front of my daily consious thought.<br />Motivate: Kiyosaki's experiences and anecdotes made me smile and appreciate the learning process that everyone must go through.  The simple truths and outstanding optimism for financial growth made me feel like I could be a millionaire tommorrow.  Of course, that isn't very probable, but it &quot;awakens my financial genius&quot; as Kiyosaki puts it.<br />I will warn that sometimes, Kiyosaki can be repetative.  At first, I was a little annoyed but I quickly realized that some of the repetition was necessary.  The points that were repeated are the points that I remember most.
B000006JPJ|5.0|What more is there to say, really?<BR>I have heard all kinds of flak directed at this album by the blinkered and juvenile masses who call themselves \\"hardcore\\" Iron Maiden fans. \\"Maiden shouldn't use synthesizers.\\" \\"The lyrics are dumb.\\" \\"It sounds like Genesis.\\" \\"This album is pretentious.\\" Just stop.<BR>Before I answer the complaints, let me justify my above statement. I am a hardcore Iron Maiden fan. I have every studio album with Bruce and both albums with Paul, and as such I am willing to give the band the benefit of the doubt. Remember: Most hardcore fans wil buy every album or the bulk thereof whether or not the albums are inferior. Maybe I am being self-righteous. Sue me.<BR>This album is one of Iron Maiden's best. Although there are synths being used on this album, they are used tastefully, and in most cases subtly. The lyrics are poetic and convey the imagery of fear, fate, entropy, dark forbodings and armageddon in a very sophisticated way.<BR>Now, whereas I like Genesis (only with Peter Gabriel anyway) this album sounds NOTHING like Genesis. It does however sound a bit like ELP in some spots, but I like that band too, so no harm done. \\"Can I Play with Madness\\" sounds a bit like Uriah Heep, but that's no surprise seeing as Steve Harris admits to being a fan of Heep.<BR>Like I said before, given the technical proficiency of the musicians in Maiden, they are entitled to a concept album. Since they have always been a versatile band, they should be allowed to grow and evolve. They should be allowed to do whatever they wish musically. Besides, one should not slag somebody else's work unless he or she can do something just as good if not better. Period, case closed, end of report, thus spoke Zarathustra, rock over London, rock on Chicago.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|They may poke fun at the voice, but I can't think of any other way these songs should sound. Put it at the top of your list, this one is a must have. If you can find the version with the bonus disc, all the better!
B000059XUI|4.0|I want to start off saying what I thought about Superman II.  I did enjoy most of this movie very much.  I was very disappointed in Richard Donners dismissal, seeing as he directed a lot of the scenes in the film and didn't get credit for them.  I felt it was an ultimate betrayal, though Richard Lester did have some good scenes in the film as well.  The opening scene in Paris was very good.  So was the phantom zone criminals attack on the small town. The battle with Superman in Metropolis was for the most part very good as well. Some of it was too corny  for me.  I loved every scene with Lex Luthor. The Niagra falls story line was pretty good.  That is until when Superman was forced to loose his powers.  I felt that was stupid. How did the line in the first film go, &quot;Live as one of them Kal-el.&quot;  The minute he does he looses his powers. &quot;HELLO!&quot; As for the special effects, those were top notch as usual.<br />  Okay now for my opinion on the DVD. I was very disappointed with that. It was no different than owning the VHS. It wasn't remastered, none of the extra footage was added. As one of your other reviewers said the scenes Richard Donner did would have been good to see. In a nutshell, the extra features were pathetic. Hopefully they will put out new special editions to all of the Superman sequels with these features included.  It would have been better if they did it in the first place so people wouldn't have to spend the extra money on buying the DVDs twice.
6304383827|4.0|This is really a nice, enjoyable movie.  I don't believe there's a bad performance in it.  It's Gwyneth Paltrow at, in my opinion, her best, and Jeremy Northam is a wonderful Mr. Knightley.  He's able to do a good job with what must be a very difficult character to play, since he has to be believable as both the older brother figure of the beginning and the beloved of the end. Toni Collette is an appropriately ditsy and awestruck Harriet, and Juliet Stevenson is a fabulous Mrs. Elton (another difficult character -- to easy for her to slide into farcical buffoonery on the one hand or pure nastiness on the other, when she's really somewhere in between).  <br />The movie itself is bright and cheerful and engaging, which makes it a good candidate to watch several times.<br />Perhaps my one quibble with the movie would be that Jane Fairfax doesn't get redeemed at the end in the way she does in the book.  Through most of the movie she's perfect.  You just can't tell what's going on in her head; it might be simple reserve or she might genuinely be as boring as Emma thinks she is.  But at the end of the book, you get to see what's going on with her and it's nice.  While I understand that some things need to be cut to turn a book of that length into a movie, I think something should have been done with Jane at the end.  And I must say I prefer Ewan McGregor in his scruffy contemporary roles.  It's a fine performance here, but not quite as convincing as in Trainspotting, for instance.<br />But overall this is a very good movie in every regard.
0684853523|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  Even though I have noaspirations as a writer, I found his narrative of writing transferable to obsessions of my own.  An interesting meld of his personal life and a writing lesson.
B000059Z8J|5.0|I loved the movie since I was a kid. I also watched it on TV with the extra footage.  Most of them were very cool. They added to my enjoyment of the movie considerably. Some of them though were pretty dorky.<br />  The DVD was superb. The extra features are great.  The Documentries, screen tests with other actors, interviews with those envolved.  The best part is the job they did on the remastering.  The extra footage they put in was great.  They chose the ones that were the best and left out the otherones.<br />It's the best of all the super-hero films.
B000002699|5.0|\\"What does this skinny little white kid from Cincinnati know about jazz?\\" you ask. Well, I don't have a lot of technical knowledge, but I know what I like. I've heard many recordings where there were quite a few notable musicians performing, but the music was really bad. Not so here. Aside from the obvious Miles presence, the listener is also treated to tenor sax legend John Coltrane, alto sax great Julian 'Cannonball' Adderley, piano protegy Bill Evans, plus the rythym section of Paul Chambers on bass and Jimmy Cobb on drums. You even get a splash of pianist Wynton Kelly on \\"Freddie Freeloader\\"! Aside from the controversy over who really wrote \\"Blue in Green\\" (was it Miles or Bill Evans?), there is no sour point to this album. Every musician seems to have a telepathic link to everyone else, so there are no stepping on toes or contradictory soloes. Miles and Trane go together like p.b.&j. It seems like if you like the one, you like the other. The sore spots in either one's career seem to revolve around what they were recording in the 60's and 70's (Miles with his funk/rock/jazz fusion, Trane with his free jazz experimentation). I'm one of the many who love even those parts of these amazing musicians' catalogues. This album is like a jumping off (or starting up) point for all involved. It set the tone for what they would be doing in the future. You can hear hints of Miles' 60's quintet as well as a bit of Trane's \\"A Love Supreme\\". I don't really know much about the others, but I do know that they performed superbly on this album....
B00004Z459|4.0|One BIG step, to be correct. No matter how deep and wide was the precipice between nu-metal and poppy pop presented by backstreet boys and nsync, the boys from Hybrid Theory/Linkin Park tried really hard - to build the bridge connecting the two. To say more, they sucessfully completed the construction: the new genre combining the two opposite styles is almost created, no matter if it's going to be called pop-metal, or anything else.<br />The guys've brought really much into this new style: the specific vocals (Bennington's, of course), the boys' image, the sweet lyrics, too much sampling, and not enough guitars, these all greatly help them to differ from nu-metal bands and crawl real closer to pop music.<br />That's not necessarily that anything new, including new music styles, is not so good. Long live the new genre created by LP.<br />What may really please the fans of young talents is two facts: first, their music is great, second, the boys have written the whole thing by themselves.<br />And no need to even mention the cd's standouts: they all have already been released as singles and numerous videos.<br />Another piece of art by Don Gilmore.
0805066691|5.0|Over thirty years after it was first published, Dee Brown's \\"Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee\\" is still one of the best written and researched one-volume accounts of the forced removal of the western Native Americans and the conquest of their lands. Brown's prose is simple and direct, and completely lacking in unnecessary pathos, yet the message is conveyed loud and clear. This book should be compulsory reading for American high school and college students, to insure that they have no illusions about our country's past. Also interesting in the context of recent events is that Brown included a quote by Gen. George Crook, a veteran Indian fighter throughout the Great Plains and Southwest, who eventually began to perceive (albeit too little, too late) the flaws in his government's policies. With some qualifications, it could serve as an apt description of certain aspects of America's (and the world's) current political climate: \\"It is too often the case that . . . newspapers . . . disseminate all sorts of exaggerations and falsehoods about the Indians, which are copied in papers of high character and wide circulation, in other parts of the country, while the Indians' side of the case is rarely ever heard. In this way the people at large get false ideas with reference to the matter. Then when the outbreak does come public attention is turned to the Indians, their crimes and atrocities are alone condemned, while the persons who injustice has driven them to this course escape scot-free and are the loudest in their denunciations.\\"
B00004Z459|4.0|if you love hardcore, punky music GET THIS! its one of the best Cds i ever listened too. the only one that i think is better is P.O.D.'s Satelite!!! CHECK THESE 2 GREAT CDS OUT!
B000002BYD|5.0|Ok, I didn't like this album much at all the first couple times I listened to it, so I gave up on it for awhile.  But then I read something about the connnections between Yield and Daniel Quinn's book Ishmael (one of my favorites), so I went back and listened to Do the Evolution, and all of a sudden, it was a really amazing song, and so I started listening to the rest of the album again and I decided that it was pretty darn good after all.  PJ tends to be like this for me - it takes a few listens to really get into it, but once I do, it's awesome.  Yield is every bit as good as Ten and Vitalogy, even if there aren't as many catchy, stand-out radio-hit kind of songs.  PJ is a band that really makes you think.  I highly, highly recommend this album.  best songs are Do the Evolution (which has become one my two favorite PJ songs, the other being Yellow Ledbetter), Wishlist (it's a little cheesy, admittedly, but so what?), Given to Fly, and Brain of J.
B00005QIPH|4.0|How can something that sounds like everything else sound like nothing you've ever heard before?<BR>That's the Zen koan behind the Strokes' &quot;Is This It&quot; CD. While influences abound, there is an ineffable sense that this is something new. Counterpoint guitars, backed with solid skin-slapping and fluid bass lines create a perfect soundscape for Julian Casablancas' raw, who-cares?-well-I-care vocals. I just hope the record company doesn't ruin them. There is bound to be a backlash among the uberhip, but ignore them. These guys can't help it if they're good-looking. <BR>Is this it? You better believe it is.
B000007R1M|5.0|1978's 'The Man Machine' is Kraftwerk's most focused, and strongest album to date.  Although short, clocking in at just over thirty minutes, the six tracks that comprise 'The Man Machine' are of high quality and filler-free.  The album can easily be listened to straight through several times without boring the listener.  <br />The album kicks off powerfully with 'The Robots'.  It's pulsating bassline, machine-like rhythms and heavily processed vocals set the tone for the rest of the album.  I actually prefer this version of 'The Robots' to the one on Kraftwerk's 1991 release 'The Mix'.  I find 'The Man Machine' version to be a lot more robotic than 'The Mix''s more human, organic reworking.<br />Next is the first of the two almost completely instrumental tracks on `The Man Machine', `Spacelab'.  `Spacelab''s weightless, dreamy synth lines say more to the listener than any vocals could ever describe.  The only vocals that enter the mix are the vocoded words &quot;Space-lab&quot;.  A very relaxing, beautiful track.<br />Third up is the other vocally minimal track on the album, the dystopian `Metropolis'.  This track is the most ominous of all of the tracks on `The Man Machine', perhaps the most ominous of all of Kraftwerk's songs (`Radioactivity' would be a close second).  Likely drawing from Fritz Lang's 1926 masterpiece of the same title, `Metropolis' invokes the listener with the feeling that this futuristic city may not be the utopia we would all like it to be.<br />`The Model', the album's fourth track is a strange, somewhat poppy, but very catchy song.  The lyrics are very simple and the synth sounds are very dated, but that is what is so charming about this song.  &quot;Charming&quot; could very easily describe the appeal of all of Kraftwerk's work, as a matter of fact.  <br />`Neon Lights'.  Soothing, vocally minimal, long, experimental.  Perfectly positioned in the track listing, `Neon Lights' helps to hold the album together.  It is the perfect transition between the poppy `The Model' and the animatronic title track.<br />The closing track on the album is the title track, `The Man Machine.'  It's toy-like staccato synth line and &quot;pop-hiss&quot; drums that run throughout the song sound as if they were played by automatons.  The vocals are a stark contrast to the synth lines as they are warm, smooth and reverberating.  This is one of the best tracks on the album, it is so much different in structure than the other songs, yet has many musical similarities.  A great way to end the album.<br />Overall, `The Man Machine' is my favourite Kraftwerk album.  Every song is focused and contributes in it's own way to the one overall feel of the album.   If you want to get into Kraftwerk, I would suggest buying `The Mix' as I did.  It is a bit of a greatest hits album, as well as a reworking of older Kraftwerk favourites.  It is a good overview of Kraftwerk's career thusfar, even though they haven't done much since '86.  But if you want some solid, vintage Kraftwerk, definitely pick up `The Man Machine.'
B00005QIPH|4.0|How can something that sounds like everything else sound like nothing else at all?<BR>That is the Zen koan behind The Strokes &quot;Is This It&quot; CD. There's nothing new here except an ineffable sense that you haven't heard anything like this before. Yet its pretty much straight ahead rock n roll with some pop sensibilities. Catchy without being cloying; edgy without being annoying; rocky without needing to start an avalanche: Are you getting this? Sure, you can hear SOME V.U., SOME Ramones, even SOME of The Cure...but these kids are nothing like any of those bands really. Counterpoint guitars backed with solid skinslapping and fluid bass lines create the perfect landscape for Julian Casablancas who-gives-a-damn-yet-impassioned vocals. There will be a backlash of course but there always is. Believe the hype now and stay the course.<BR>Is this it? You better believe it is.
B000000993|4.0|This is my favorite Tool album.  Being a fan of heavier music, I appreciate the pounding riffs from this album.  It also has a bit more of an edge to it than their other albums in my opinion.
B000002NHN|5.0|BECOMES A SOURCE OF WONDER.&quot;<br />To adequately and fully express my feelings for this CD would be impossible because it goes so deep into my heart. BOOK OF SECRETS is wondrous, inspiring, touching, relaxing and truly Magical. It flows like a long-winding river full of fast currents as well as calm, romantic spots with intriguing, countless Secrets to be discovered along the way. As I listen, it is like I am in a canoe riding along this &quot;river&quot; learning the Secrets...<br />No doubt, I was meant to find this. Herein is Truth and Beauty and nothing less. The second I listened to the first song I was hooked. And the more I listen, the more addicted I become. I never tire of it. Again I must reinterate, it is MAGICAL!<br />Loreena has something very special inside her heart that she shares, not with the world at once, but with each individual listener. Let her sing to your heart, trust me on this one. I give this my highest rating. Buy it, you won't be sorry! A masterpiece for the senses from beginning to end.<br />&quot;Cast your eyes on the ocean. Cast your soul to the sea. When the dark night seems endless, please remember me...we'll rise above these earthy cares.&quot; Loreena (Dante's Prayer)<br />Soaring Heart
B000002JB8|5.0|....<br /><br />This man is practically his own genre in the \\"virtual-Tchaikovsky\\" field; others come and go but he's the only survivor; but hey, ya wanna know when Vangelis really kicks butt? When he builds huge arrangements under a basic, easily-grasped melody. Either he goes for a rhythmic, insistent sixteenth-note arpeggio as in the title track of \\"Spiral\\"--or a lush, symphonic thing as in \\"Song Of the Seas\\" on this album--but in both cases, there's still that catchy melody on top of it. It gets into your head; after only two plays, I caught myself whistling it unconsciously.
B0000541AM|3.0|I remember when Walter Hills gang epic, written by Sol Yurik (!), came out in the theatres it caused a big mess o' controversy over the violence and gang scenes.<br />Even then I wondered why.<br />As a film, it doesn't really bring much to the table: Sirus, who seems to be gangdoms' messiah, holds a rally in the Bronx to unite the citys gangs. While he mentions the potential power they would possess working in unison he doesn't get into any detail (will they have a dental plan?)<br />Of course, he gets killed from the get-go. The rest of the film plays like a poor mans 'Fugitive', following the Warriors back to Coney Island through dark and dangerous territioies filled with rival gangs like...the Orphans. Heh.<br />In the end we find out who's really behind Sirus's death, and they get thier just rewards. It's a predictable whodunit.<br />Most of the gang depictions are a joke; I'd put my money on the Crazy Homicides or Savage Nomads against any of these groups. I half expected them to break out in dance at any moment.<br />[...]I'd bet the Bowery Boys could wipe them out.<br />The promo posters that were in the subways were cool, though.<br />In a nutshell, it's slightly entertaining but no 'Colors' or even 'Streets of Fire'.
B00002Z88D|4.0|S&amp;M is hands down Metallica's most original work since their pre-Black Album days. What better way to present their own songs than by combining their own heavy metal sound with the other most powerful type of music - classical. Metallica is great as always, an Kamen, the orchesta arranger, is just as powerful. The best songs on here are Metallica's older songs, because they have such complicated song structures, they mix perfectly with the symphony. &quot;Master of Puppets,&quot; &quot;Call of Ktulu,&quot; &quot;One&quot; and &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; have an incredible texture with the added symphony (although I do prefer the original versions). Some of the songs, thought, sound even better here than on their original albums. &quot;Outlaw Torn&quot; is one of them, and &quot;Hero of the Day&quot; never sounded better. &quot;Fuel&quot; sounds awesome too, with even more energy and aggresion than the studio version. There are also two new songs on this album, &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and &quot;- Human,&quot; both of which also sound great with the orchestra. It would be ineresting to hear a regular studio version of them as well, maybe they will be on the next album. There are few drawbacks to this album, one is that some of the newer songs dont mix well at all with the symphony, namely &quot;Sad But True&quot; and &quot;Of Wolf and Man.&quot; Also, I can't help but feel that some critical songs are missing. Where's &quot;Fade to Black,&quot; &quot;The Unforgiven,&quot; and &quot;Seek &amp; Destroy,&quot; when such lesser songs like &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; made the cut? Other than those few things, this is an awesome cd that will definitely satisfy Metallica fan's.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Disney's first &quot;Platinum Edition&quot; DVD is a terrific 2-disc set that every DVD fan should keep for all eternity.  (I received an early, free copy from Amazon which allowed me to review it before the Oct 9th release date.  This is a promotion by both Amazon and Buena Vista.)  The THX-certified video transfer of the movie is blemish-free, almost always sharp, and has only an occasional softness perhaps due to age.  Colors look splendid.  The sound is clean and without a scratch, although some dialogs lack detail.  The 5.1 audio remix provides mildly effective separation and bass for the background music.  Otherwise, it is neither better nor worse than the included original mono soundtrack.<br />The supplements on the first disc includes a 40-minute retrospective documentary that actually serves as a nice introduction of the supplements on the second disc.  For nearly every aspect mentioned in the documentary, the extras on the second disc cover at length.  There is an audio commentary track by historian John Canemaker that includes contemporary recordings of Walt reminiscing about the difficulties and fortunes during the making of the film.   The commentary reveals that Deanna Durbin was once considered for the voice of Snow White, but she was deemed &quot;too old&quot;.  Canemaker, besides introducing each of Walt's recordings, also provides excellent scene-by-scene analyses.  After the movie is over, Michael Eisner introduces Barbara Streisand's decidedly more mature rendition of &quot;Somewhere My Prince Will Come&quot;.  The first disc also includes four games -- two for set-top players, two as DVD-ROM content.<br />The second disc contains a large amount of archival material of the movie.  There are over 400 stills (all high-quality scans) of pencil tests, backgrounds, layouts, character designs, photos of the voice talents, photos of the production, the premiere, the 1937 pressbook, merchandise, and posters.  There are quite a bit of video content as well.  Notable is a new, nicely conceived, 40-minute segment called &quot;Disney Through the Years&quot;; it chronicles SNOW WHITE's theatrical releases in every decade (all trailers are shown) as well as Disney's accomplishments through the years.  There are the original credit sequences with the RKO logo.  There are deleted scenes that were fully animated and dubbed, one of which is a spectacular soup-eating scene.  There are scenes that were conceptualized but were abandoned before animation, such as a dream sequence for one of Snow White's songs.  There is a segment about the film's restorations in 1987, '93, and 2001.  There are also vintage video of voice actors, models for live action references, techniques used in animation (two excerpts of Disney's &quot;Tricks of our Trade&quot; TV show are included).<br />And there is more!  There is a half-hour live radio broadcast of the film's premiere in which many celebrities are interviewed.  There is another half-hour radio program in 1938 in which several songs from the movie are performed.  There are two 4-minute radio interviews of Walt Disney by Cecil B. DeMille, one of which was recorded on the eve of the premiere.  There are eight radio commercials from the 50s and 60s.  There are recordings of two deleted songs, one of which, we are told, were only recently discovered in Disney's archives.  There are also text screens about the film's production and Walt's life and career.  A nice inclusion is the English translation of the Grimms Brothers' &quot;Snow White.&quot;<br />Future Platinum Edition DVDs will include BEAUTY AND THE BEAST, ALADDIN, THE LION KING, BAMBI, THE JUNGLE BOOK, CINDERELLA, THE LITTLE MERMAID, LADY AND THE TRAMP and 101 DALMATIANS.  It disappoints me that DUMBO will not be a Platinum Edition (it will come out Oct 21st as a &quot;Gold Edition&quot; DVD).  It irks me even more that only one Platinum Edition DVD will be sold each year for only a limited time; thereafter it will be put on a TEN-YEAR moratorium.  This will no doubt lead to buying frenzies, so run, don't walk, to your nearest personal computer and order this SNOW WHITE DVD right away.  I do not oppose releasing one Platinum DVD per year, since I understand it takes time and care to produce these great discs.  But I do oppose Disney's long-standing policy of putting their video releases on moratorium for long, long periods.  Their rationale has been that if people own the movie on video, they may not want to see it in theaters.  Not true.  Seeing this spectacular SNOW WHITE DVD has actually increased my desire to see the film in a theater.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|If his only mistake was staying in Mississippi a day too long and this is what he produced, then he can stay there forever! Wow! What a saga,epic, collection of beautiful music, stories,etc.... Mr. Dylan just gets better with age. His previous cd was an outstanding piece of work with my only complaint (minor) being that I do not overly enjoy the production talents(?) of Daniel Lanois(e). All of the music he gets his hands on sound the same (too atmospheric; tries too hard to be like eno, and no one can do that!) But Dylans stories on TOOM overcame the production. This time around, the production (is Jack Frost really Dylan as I have heard?) is laid back and perfect for the stories. I do not know what to call this music. Is it country, folk, americana, western swing, blues, jazz,traditional? Yes, it is! D, all of the above.<br />I have seen Mr. Dylan live 5 times and each concert has gotten better. His [...] outing in the fall [...] was his best. Countrified rock that had an energy level that started at 7 (acoustic) and slowly moved up the scales 8,9 10. Mr. Dylan took this band into the studio and  what a wise decision it was. The musical scenery melds majestically with some of Mr. Dylan's finest song writing recently. The song Mississippi is an instant classic. But wait, what about the swinging Summer Days, and the mid tempo Bye and Bye, and the rough bluesy Lonesome Day Blues, and the steely slide of Honest with me? All great pieces.  This is southwestern americana traditional music as created by one of america's finest authors/artists. Get this cd. <BR>[....]
B00003CXZ4|4.0|MAybe the review should be called &quot;Half Brilliant&quot; instead.  The first half of this movie is not just taught but also funny as hell.  The humorous aspects of Guy Pearce's &quot;Condition&quot; are really well-placed and just make the audience laugh out loud.  But the second half of the movie abandons the humor of the story and instead turns into a full-fledged thriller.  It's good still, but not nearly as good as the movie's first part.  In fact, I'd say the first hour of this movie is one of the best hours of film I've ever seen.  Though it does tail off, the movie is still supurb and worth buying.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|If his only mistake was staying in Mississippi a day too long and this is what he produced, then he can stay there forever! Wow! What a saga,epic, collection of beautiful music, stories,etc.... Mr. Dylan just gets better with age. His previous cd was an outstanding piece of work with my only complaint (minor) being that I do not overly enjoy the production talents(?) of Daniel Lanois(e). All of the music he gets his hands on sound the same (too atmospheric; tries too hard to be like eno, and no one can do that!) But Dylans stories on TOOM overcame the production. This time around, the production (is Jack Frost really Dylan as I have heard?) is laid back and perfect for the stories. I do not know what to call this music. Is it country, folk, americana, western swing, blues, jazz,traditional? Yes, it is! D, all of the above.<br />I have seen Mr. Dylan live 5 times and each concert has gotten better. His [...] outing in [...] was his best. Countrified rock that had an energy level that started at 7 (acoustic) and slowly moved up the scales 8,9 10. Mr. Dylan took this band into the studio and  what a wise decision it was. The musical scenery melds majestically with some of Mr. Dylan's finest song writing recently. The song Mississippi is an instant classic. But wait, what about the swinging Summer Days, and the mid tempo Bye and Bye, and the rough bluesy Lonesome Day Blues, and the steely slide of Honest with me? All great pieces.  This is southwestern americana traditional music as created by one of america's finest authors/artists. Get this cd. <BR>[....]
B00003CXZ4|5.0|The first part of this review is for those who have not seen this film. The second part is specifically for those who have viewed this film more than once.<br />In this first part I will mention that this film is highly unusual. Even a description of the plot and characters would only be my abstract and subjective opinion. You the viewer, are the final judge as to what actually took place within the story. This movie is that obscure, intricate, illusive, and downright subjective. This is not (not at all) the type of movie that you go into viewing with preconceived ideas--whatever they may be. If you are the type of person who just has to know about a movie before you even watch it, you are doing yourself a grave disservice in this case. Exercise your mind and your comprehension skills and view this film without any foreknowledge, other than the fact that you are in for a special dosage of mental stimulation.<br />I would recommend this film to anyone who enjoys being intellectually challenged. Those of you who are intuitive and sensitive to subtleties, those of you who notice things that others overlook, and those of you who are clever and inventive will love this movie. Detectives, medical professionals, psychologists, sociologists, scientists, mathematicians, and creative professionals, such as writers, will find this film very rewarding.<br />This is certainly the type of film that you will want in DVD. You will have questions that only the extras on the DVD can answer for you. There is also a website set up specifically for admirers of this fantastic movie. If after watching, you can figure out the website address, you are very clever.<br />In this second part I would like to discuss my opinion of what I  believe is an overlooked aspect of the plot and the main character, Leonard. If you think I am on to something, than e-mail me.<br />I have many ideas about how to interpret this film, however I am going to give a very unusual interpretation here, in hopes that there are others out there that, like me, like to think \\"out side the box\\", so to speak.<br />The way I see it, Leonard is a person who loves to kill. He has been killing prior to meeting this person he refers to as his wife, who is actually not his wife. He uses his memory condition as a contributor to his psychological dysfunction (his need to kill).  He remembers what he needs to remember, and forgets just what he needs to forget. Leonard displays both sociopathic and psychopathic behavior. He surrounds himself with abusive, aggressive individuals who fuel his justification for his heinous actions. Leonard is extremely clever and intelligent, and he is disciplined and systematic to a precision.<br />Leonard was committed to a mental institution prior to meeting his supposed wife--whom he also killed.  There is special meaning to the one tattoo that Leonard can see at all times, \\"Remember Sammy Jenkis,\\" and it is not because Leonard is Sammy. It is because Sammy is the first person Leonard killed, prior to his incarceration at the mental institution, as this is Leonard's reminder of his purpose in life as a killer. And the real kicker is that Leonard would have everyone believe that his memory condition is a physical handicap, when in fact it is a mental projection produced by his severe psychosis.<br />And the beauty of this film is that it does not matter if my opinions are near fact or far fetched, what matters is that this film allows me to create what reality I would have with it.hat there are others out there that, like me, like to think \\"out side the box\\", so to speak. <br />The way I see it, Leonard is a person who loves to kill. He has been killing prior to meeting this person he refers to as his wife, who is actually not his wife. He uses his memory condition as a contributor to his psychological dysfunction (his need to kill).  He remembers what he needs to remember, and forgets just what he needs to forget. Leonard displays both sociopathic and psychopathic behavior. He surrounds himself with abusive, aggressive individuals who fuel his justification for his heinous actions. Leonard is extremely clever and intelligent, and he is disciplined and systematic to a precision.<br />Leonard was committed to a mental institution prior to meeting his supposed wife--whom he also killed.  There is special meaning to the one tattoo that Leonard can see at all times, \\"Remember Sammy Jenkis,\\" and it is not because Leonard is Sammy. It is because Sammy is the first person Leonard killed, prior to his incarceration at the mental institution, as this is Leonard's reminder of his purpose in life as a killer. And the real kicker is that Leonard would have everyone believe that his memory condition is a physical handicap, when in fact it is a mental projection produced by his severe psychosis. <br />And the beauty of this film is that it does not matter if my opinions are near fact or far fetched, what matters is that this film allows me to create what reality I would have with it.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Obviously Bob Dylan have tied so much attention<BR>to himself about who he is, what he is thinking,<BR>how he does look upon this and that - in guidance <BR>from what he have been doing as a professional.<br />This attention is reasonable. Someone who can see so many things in life to the extention that he can write several verses about it, each one a little novel in itself - psalm if you like- to be sung and &quot;refrained&quot; on a lousy graceless old guitar but with tuning good enough late at night in the bathroom when the rest of<BR>the family is far asleep.<br />So this old man encourages you to go on living even if you have passed 50, by seeing for you what has been there all the time.<BR>There is still joy to discover.<br />So I raise my glass to the psalm and danceman.
6305313687|5.0|Defietly The Most Disturbing Movie I've Ever Seen. Edward Norton once again does an execelant job acting. This movie holds absolutly nothing back. Great Film.
0789723107|5.0|A practical Web design usability guide, &quot;Don't Make Me Think!&quot; is based on empirical observation not exhaustive statistics.  Steve Krug's five years of usability consulting and testing are distilled down to this thin yet gem-filled how-to. Krug observed how people actually use the Web rather than how we *think* they use it, gleaning key usability guidelines. Most folks can't afford a full-blown usability consult, but they can afford to buy a $35 book. This book shows you how to conduct your own usability tests on the cheap.<br />Easy on the eyes, and full of Krug's trademark humor, this book is a classic. Highly recommended. From WebReference.com.
B0000028VT|5.0|Much though I still love Mariah's music she'll probably never top this one! From DREAMLOVER (surely one of the best pop songs ever-it oozes summer!) to the inspirational ballads ANYTIME YOU NEED A FRIEND and HERO its an absolute classic! WITHOUT YOU and NEVER FORGET YOU are beautiful, heartbreaking ballads while MUSIC BOX, ALL I'VE EVER WANTED and JUST TO HOLD YOU ONCE AGAIN have a quieter, calmer beauty. If dance is your thing you can't go wrong with NOW THAT I KNOW and I'VE BEEN THINKING ABOUT YOU although the real strength of the album lies in the ballads. If you can get hold of the European version which includes a bonus track EVERYTHING FADES AWAY, another herartbreaking ballad which is one of my fave songs of all time! Don't let anyone fool you into thinking the vocals are overdone either- there are no histrionics here. This was the first MC record I ever heard so if you're at all curious check this one out and then buy all the others- GLITTER, BUTTERFLY, RAINBOW and EMOTIONS are particularly highly recommended.
B00005M989|1.0|Of the entire '80s decade, no one shot a bigger load all over everything under the sun in pop and rock like Prince, and certainly there is no match for a person, just ONE guy, who encompassed an entire rennaissance of sounds and movements all by himself and opened so many doors for like-minded, aspiring trail blazers during that decade. The only people who can compete with him are entire bands composed of many people or collections of groups together representing musical movements. It's nice I suppose, that they put out a best of collection on him, honoring their former wonderkid labelmate from way back and making a few bucks as well (I like to stress the latter myself. :)) but it really just scratches the surface. There ARE artists whose &quot;best&quot; can actually be squeezed onto a single disc. Everyone knows about artists that only made a few or one decent song in their careers. Everyone has bought an album for one great song and finding nothing else on the album to match it. Prince is not such an artist, he is famous for having an unfathonable amount of &quot;best&quot; songs, most that don't end up being released as singles or get any major promotion at all. One of the reasons for his falling out with this company was that he wanted to release more material. Great music from this guy was so common that the company wanted him to release fewer albums, that way they could get more mileage and sales out of him for the present and a prolific output sometimes cost him at the cash register. But after 23 years of albums, he has proved to be worth as much as his supposedly over inflated ego and has a catalogue of music comparible to the greatest musicians in history. With 21 discs released through this company alone, 10 released independently, more songs written by him and/or covered by other artists than there are days in a calender, movies, and a list of side projects (some under alias's.), protege's that would take a hardcore fan with the brain of a conspiracy theorist to sift through, ONE disc cannot claim &quot;the best&quot;. The best is entirely out of the domain of public discernment, that's your job as the listener. He said in the late '90s that he still has over a THOUSAND songs that haven't been released at all (and has been quoted as saying that the best Prince music has never been released, if you can believe it) and there's a new album due this month from him on his website where he has been releasing new music all year. No one really knows what Prince's best is, but if you think you can take a stab at finding out, you'll have your work cut out for you, and this collection is the last place to start. If you love adventuress, boundless, uncategorable music, and you've never checked out this guy, you'll love Prince. Well, I know I do.
B000002AVF|4.0|Having just become a huge MC fan the year before this was released I had high hopes for this album but the first single release FANTASY came as a surprise to me at the time- it was so different from anything she'd done before. After 6 years It's really grown on me and though not my fave MC track, is certainly not the worst. It also includes of course, two of her best singles the beautiful ALWAYS BE MY BABY (check IF WE on GLITTER for a new track which always reminds me of this one) and ONE SWEET DAY with BOYZ II MEN which though in retrospect seems overproduced (particularly having heard an acapella version) lyrically can still bring a tear to my eye. MELT AWAY ia sensual, husky little RNB ballad while DAYDREAM INTERLUDE is a funky dance track. FOREVER is a more conventional 50s style ballad but is quite catchy. LOOKING IN , a startling finish, signals the greater emotional depth set to appear increasingly in her ballads (PETALS, CLOSE MY EYES, TWISTER, REFLECTIONS) and hinted at the problems in her troubled marriage. The only eweak points are I AM FREE and WHEN I SAW YOU- the collaboration with Walter Afanasieff was beginning to wear a bit thin and would break up altogether after BUTTERFLY. I adored this album when it first came out but after 6 years and having heard the three that followed which are much stronger its not her best but still an album most singers could only (day)dream of making!
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather [parts 1-3] to me is simply the best movie I have ever seen. Many times i have turned to the Godfather moive to see how Michael Corleon [Al Pacino]would handel a problem. It's hard to think that no sequal to a movie could beat the first, but Francis Ford Coppola did it.  I have to admit the second is better than the first and the third lacks in the long run, but over all it ranks on top.  The DVD collection is the one thing that could keep me up all night.  Wathching out takes, acadamy award speeches, the director and actors speaking about making the movie, and wathching deleted materials is simply the best.  So if you ever have a problem and have no solution turn to the Godfather DVD collection for all the right answers!
B00004T9UF|4.0|This was a good album.I liked EMINEM underground more though. He seemed more focused on the music, not the money.The only good songs on the album were,&quot;Stan&quot;,&quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;,Marshal Mathers&quot;,and &quot;Criminal&quot;. All the other songs he didn't seem focused on.As I said before, this album was INDEED very good.The songs such as &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;,and &quot;B**ch Please Part 2&quot; were halfway decent in my view.So I advise you to buy this album.That's all you're gettin from me! Or is it.......
B000002H72|5.0|I got into the Pixies a little late, but this is one of the greatest albums ever made, and it is especially crucial if you like some of the truly sublime bands (Toadies, Weezer, Nirvana) that were greatly influenced by the Pixies.  The album begins with the bubblegum bassline that turns into the surreally anthemic &quot;Debaser&quot; that used the classic bizarre short film &quot;Un Chien Andalou&quot; as its main point.  On from there, its a constant show of ear candy, from the screamer &quot;Tame&quot; to the pure pop confection &quot;Here Comes Your Man&quot; to the groovy &quot;I Bleed.&quot;  This is one stridently pleasing record.  Kim Deal's melodic basslines and angelic voice are the perfect backing for Black Francis' (now Frank Black)psychotic screams and hows and jagged guitar playing.  A great record for anyone who wants to hear where Nirvana got their sound from!
B000021YQV|5.0|This is the first system of a Down album I have heard and I must say it is one of my favorites. All the songs have words that actually go together thay say SOMETHING as opposed to bands like Blink 182 (everytime i look for you is a perfect example). Aside from the lyirs (which I say can be very depressing), the style of music is awesome and the voice of the lead singer is extremely unique. Can't wait for their next album, but if you're wondering what to add to your CD case next, Toxicity is a very safe bet.
B00005AR3G|5.0|Out of all the Disney movies I have seen, this is the funniest of them all.  You won't regret buying this on DVD or VHS.
B00005O3VC|5.0|I got better! NOT!!! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!<BR>ever since i first saw this move (( a month ago)) i quote it EVERY DAY!!<BR>I'm driving my friends Absolutely bonkers!<BR>Of course they've all seen it to and they quote right along with me but... <BR>And on a final note<BR>DEATH SHALL COME TO YOU...<BR>with sharp pointy teeth!!<br />final Note? WHAT AM I TALKING ABOUT?<br />You stay 'ere and make sure 'e doesnt leave!<BR>Can he come with us?<BR>NO!! you just STAY 'ERE and make sure 'E doesnt leave!<BR>him? <BR>NO not him! MY SON! <BR>oh because it'd be quite stupid if i had to guard a guard.<br />ok..I've SAID TOO MUCH!!!!
B00005NW02|5.0|It's been 3 years since System of a down released their self titled debut album. Finally the wait is over for the new album, and the verdict is simply put amazing. From start to finish &quot;Toxicity&quot; is a non-stop all out music blitzkrieg, taking Nu-Metal places it has never been before. Lead singer Serj Tankian supplies amazing vocals and lyrics, John Dolmayan rips through every song like a sharp knife with his drum work. Daron Malakian's guitar work smashes your ears to pieces and Shavo Odadjian's bass playing is some of the best I've heard in a long time. Top tracks are &quot;Prison song&quot;, &quot;Deer dance&quot;, &quot;X, &quot;Chop suey!&quot;, &quot;Bounce&quot;, &quot;Forest&quot;, &quot;Shimmy&quot;, &quot;Toxicity&quot; &amp; &quot;Psycho&quot;.
B00005A46T|5.0|Slipknot is in the process of improving and molding their sound with Iowa. This cd is much heavier and faster than their first one. It starts off with off-the-wall heavy songs (People=S*it, Disasterpiece) and gets progressivly darker (Skin Ticket, Iowa). Songs like New Abortion and Gently show influence from bands like Slayer and early Anthrax. The most important thing is that Slipknot DID NOT sell out like I feared they would, they remain heavy as ever. (One little note to one of the other reviewers: SLAYER IS NOT A WANNABE BAND. If it werent for bands like them, Slipknot and Mudvayne wouldnt exist.)
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Although Dinsey is one of the last remaining companies to add their collection to the fans of DVD it is a long awaited treat to have Snow White on DVD.    A classic movie from begining to end.  Has a new generation enjoying the magic that Disney brings us.  Snow White is a truly magnificent movie and deserves to have its time in the spotlight. I am glad that Disney has produced this DVD and with ALL of the extras adults are in for a new treat.  The picture gallary art is great.  There are so many extras on the second disc it unrealtistic.    Most people know the storyline of Snow White... Innocent girl has an evil person introduced into their life, finds happiness, losses happiness, and then gets it back and lives happily ever after.... The End... this is a treat! You will like it and so will the next generation of children!! =)
B000021YQV|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS AN AMAZING EFFORT FROM SOAD. THEY MIX THRASH, PUNK, HARDCORE, JAZZ, AND MIDDLE EASTERN SOUNDS SO PERFECT! EACH MEMBER OF THE BAND IS AMAZING AND HAS IMPROVED SO MUCH MORE.
B000000OTU|5.0|While their latest CD, \\"Just Push Play\\", is heavy with a \\"modern rock\\" atmosphere and sound, and is geared more towards fans of today's rock, \\"Big Ones\\" is much more for their long-time fans. While it might be a tad harder to get into it than JPP, once you stick with it you'll realise that it's far deeper in comparison. Released in 1994, this CD includes the best songs from their post-rehab albums, \\"Permanent Vacation\\", \\"Pump\\" and \\"Get a Grip\\". It also has three new songs and a live version of the song \\"Dude (Looks Like a Lady). <br />Nearly all the songs in this CD are worth listening to, which is obvious because all of their big hits from that period are right here. I find only two songs to be average Aerosmith fare, namely their new recordings \\"Walk on Water\\" and \\"Blind Man\\".<br />Most of the others are just downright amazing, both lyrically and musically. \\"Cryin'\\" (my personal favourite), \\"Janie's Got a Gun\\", \\"Amazing\\", \\"Angel\\" (You've gotta love that guitar!), \\"Crazy\\" and \\"Ragdoll\\" are all favourites. Others such as \\"Love in an Elevator\\" (which is approximately fifty-fifty in music and vocals), \\"Eat the Rich\\", \\"The Other Side\\", \\"Dude (Looks Like a Lady)\\" and \\"Deuces are Wild\\" are also fun listening to and sometimes amusing (Especially the lyrics and the BURP! in Eat the Rich). \\"What it Takes\\" and \\"Livin' On the Edge\\" tend to drag on a bit, but they are still lengthy and solid rock songs. Songs like \\"Amazing\\", \\"Janie's Got a Gun\\" and \\"Angel\\" can sometimes even get a bit emotional! Can the same be said about most modern \\"hard\\" rock?<br />Aerosmith is definitely one of the greatest rock bands around. The great thing is that they are still singing,  and still have a few tricks up their expensive sleeves! The songs on \\"Big Ones\\" showcase the high points in their career, and their eventual rise to the rock 'n' roll hall of fame! Although they are probably best known among today's younger audience for 1998's \\"I Don't Want to Miss a Thing\\" (which I love), the strengthof these songs is what helped them establish a firm fanbase after their downfall in the early 80s. While this CD may not appeal to fans of modern rock and probably fans of 70s Aerosmith, it still is the best way for new comers to get a plug-in. That's right people, big ones is truly big, in a big way!
B00005OAJ1|2.0|The D have been the most clever and heartfelt rock band in the world. But their charm lay in their simplicity of tools: two acoustic guitars, two harmonious voices, two wickedly inventive minds,... <br />Now the D's incredible talent has been buried in pretentious rock shlock.<br />Please JB and Rage Cage, release the REAL Tenacious D. Fire the band... get back to your roots and produce your next album without all the lame-rock additions...
B00005MP58|4.0|Straight to the point:<BR> 1. This adaptation is, by far, the best I've seen for ANY book out there. As a movie, it is extremely engrossing and entertaining. And while I can see a few die-hard Pride and Prejudice fans finding something to nit-pick about(we always do), MOST everyone else will probably end up falling in love with this story... and staying up til all hours of the morning cause Elizabeth and Darcy are much more important than sleep... :)<br /> 2. As far as the technical quality, I feel the widescreen format is a wonderful addition, and the editing/transition from 6 episodes to 2 parts comfortably fluid. I enjoy the sturdy medium of DVD, and the ability to jump to my favorite scene. (I also own this on video.) The sound is fine, as is most of the color/video. The only gripe is about certain outdoor scenes on the first disk and one or two on the second that are whitewashed, over-exposed, whatever you want to call it. It does not, in my opinion, greatly detract from the over-all presentation, as the rest of the disk is perfectably watchable. I found that I was so quickly engrossed in the story that I could rather ignore that small fault.<br />So, I say, I am very happy I bought this movie, it is well worth the price. Plenty of excitement, drama, witty dialogue, beautiful scenery, great story, and all this under the disguise of wholesome family literature stuff by that old English chick who wrote those romance stories. <br />NOTE: I am not giving this DVD Special Edition version 5 stars ONLY because I have to reserve that last star for total and complete artistic and technical perfection.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Having seen the movies previously, I found the bonus pack the most interesting.  It reveals the uncertain climate that existing during the production of the Part 1, plus lots of other good stuff.<br />Although I had last seen Part 1 about 15 years ago, it was clear to me that some scenes are missing.  I was hoping the movies would be full length, but Part 1 certainly isn't.  For example, the murder of Pauli is abreviated somewhat, and Tom's visit to Woltz seems to be cut too.<br />That aside, I thorougly enjoyed all three movies and the bonus CD.  The sound is as good as one might expect given the poduction period and the picture is excellent.  There was some issue with the contrast in a section of Part 2, but that could have been deliberate.
B00003CXA6|5.0|I had been anxiously waiting the filming of The Killer Angels, but did not realize that it was happening until I picked up the Philadelphia Inquirer and read a reviewer's account of the filming of Pickett's Charge.  &quot;It was hot and still at Gettysburg yesterday.  And then there came a chilling sound not heard on those fields for 130 years: 6,000 bayonets being locked into place.&quot;<br />That this wonderful motion picture was filmed on the hallowed ground of Gettysburg makes it almost perfect.  Are there points over which students of the War for Southern Independence can quibble.  Sure there are.<br />But as the lights came up for the inter-mission in a theater in St. Louis county -- a theater filled almost entirely with men -- there were sobs.  I turned to the fellow next to me and said &quot;I first read about Little Round Top when I was 8 years old.  I have finally seen it.&quot;  He could only nod.  <br />Get it and treasure it!
B00005JKES|4.0|Twin Peaks captures many of the motifs David Lynch uses in his films, and with time to create and develop beautiful characters.  For those who remember the original release, the series spurred enough attention that everyone asked &quot;Who killed Laura Palmer?&quot;  With this release to DVD, the quality and extras should leave one busy for a long time.  I highly recommend starting with the DVDs if you haven't seen the series, and if you can find the pilot for rent, watch the pilot before the DVDs.  The acting, character, and story development is superb in building worlds for us to visit.  On a sad note: the series was cancelled after third season, but as an audience, we do learn &quot;who killed Laura Palmer.&quot;  On another note, for all of those upset that the pilot is not included on DVD, there is a reason.  The pilot is owned by a different company (names withheld) than the one releasing the episodes.  Please complain to the company who owns the pilot.  Urge tham to release it on DVD, if you want.  Even though it's not included, I applaud the latter company's release of the episodes and the lengths gone to include extras (hard to find on some DVDs).  Why wait?  Nevertheless, the series is amazing!
B00005JK93|5.0|I went into Hedwig not having seen the play it was based off of or knowing much about the plot.  I came out in a state of awe.  This movie has enough in it to make you laugh, cry, and dance before the final credits roll.  The story follows Hedwig, played with incredible skill and talent by John Cameron Michell, as he searches for love, companionship, and identity in the world of rock and roll.  It's sounds cliche, but it is really anything but.  I was simply engulfed in this lush world of powerful lyrics and beautiful imagery.  The movie just kind of fills you with this hope and love of life despite the calamities.  You can't help but connect with Hedwig and his plight, especially when he shows such a mastery of wit and humor.  The songs themselves are works of art, with the lyrics tell of the love and pain that so many people struggle to express.  Hedwig shares his tale with you, and all I can do is thank him for it.
B00005JK93|5.0|I went into Hedwig not having seen the play it was based off of or knowing much about the plot.  I came out in a state of awe.  This movie has enough in it to make you laugh, cry, and dance before the final credits roll.  The story follows Hedwig, played with incredible skill and talent by John Cameron Michell, as he searches for love, companionship, and identity in the world of rock and roll.  It's sounds cliche, but it is really anything but.  I was simply engulfed in this lush world of powerful lyrics and beautiful imagery.  The movie just kind of fills you with this hope and love of life despite the calamities.  You can't help but connect with Hedwig and his plight, especially when he shows such a mastery of wit and humor.  The songs themselves are works of art, with the lyrics tell of the love and pain that so many people struggle to express.  Hedwig shares his tale with you, and all I can do is thank him for it.
B00003CX9E|5.0|This is an astounding movie -- made even more so by the fact that Orson Welles was only 25 when he made it.<br />The camera angles are incrediblely fun to watch. The &quot;deep focus&quot; technique of having everything in focus in the foreground and background (no matter how far back) is amazing. And the story never ceases to captivate me -- not to mention depress the heck out of me.<br />There have been over 270 reviews of this movie, so I'm not going to provide any insights regarding plot or actors. I will comment on one of the DVD's bonus material, though. (I've watched the movie twice -- in one day! -- since the DVD arrived so I haven't delved into all of the bonus stuff yet.)<br />The Roger Ebert commentary track is extremely enlightning, despite the fact that he never stops talking and you can't hear in the movie what he's referring to. Be that as it may, you'll gain a whole new appreciation for the film once you know all the behind-the-scenes stories.<br />This movie may take a bit of concentration, a bit of stamina (it seems longer than it really is) and a bit of appreciation for the technical aspects, but it's one that you really must see -- if only to be able to say afterwards, &quot;I just watched the greatest American film ever made!&quot;
B00005KHJM|4.0|I bought The Wicker Man DVD the other day and watched it for the first time. I had no idea what this movie was about. I'd only heard of the title as that of an Iron Maiden song (from their most recent CD Brave New World).<br />I knew Christopher Lee from watching many late-night horror movies. I knew Edward Woodward from various movies and TV shows. And the reviewer blurbs made the movie sound like a &quot;Must-See.&quot;<br />So I saw it.<br />Wow, is this movie odd. But it's extremely captivating and engrossing. I agree with a previous reviewer: it's like watching Green Acres. Totally mind-bending and strange, with the only sane character the lead role.<br />I also agree with previous reviewers in that I don't classify this as a horror movie. It's an excellent movie about Christianity (the Edward Woodward character) vs. Paganism (lead by Christopher Lee's character). This is also, on another level, a very good representation of what would happen if the world lost its Judeo-Christian heritage and reverted to some sort of Paganism. For that reason, alone, I was scared out of my wits.<br />The Edward Woodward character remains faithful to his Christian beliefs right through to the end (which is chilling). For that, I want to thank the screenwriter and director. It was nice to see a Christian not fall apart and act goofy when push comes to shove.<br />The behind-the-scenes (&quot;making of&quot;) bonus material is wonderful to watch. Both Christopher Lee and Edward Woodward appear on screen to give their recollections of the movie, as does the director and screenwriter. I love behind-the-scenes stories, and this one really shows how much everyone believed in the movie (they were filming in November and December, freezing their butts off!).<br />I recommend this odd, quirky movie. Not only to watch superb performances (especially by Woodward) and interesting scenery, but also to see what would happen if Paganism/Satanism were to have free reign in the world. That, alone, is worth the price of admission!
080017948X|4.0|This is a surprisingly good movie. What could have been an over the top goof movie (which Bill Murray has made a living on)turns out to be a great story with tons of entertainment and an ole fashioned moral to the story. The DVD was pretty good in terms of sound and multiple video formats (Widescreen and Standard), though I was bummed there were no extra features, like outtakes, deleted scenes etc. Still a good story and well worth the $10-12 price tag.
B00005Q45W|5.0|The genius of a great artist is his ability to create original art with each new performance.  Don't buy this CD expecting more of the same.  Buy this CD expecting an incredible evolution of the greatest song writer of our time, Mr. Leornard Cohen.
B000002ILG|1.0|Nothing ruined a night more for a bunch of stoned headbangers, when HeadBanger's Ball played White Lion. 'When the Children Cry' is by far one of the worst songs ever recorded. (...)<br />Seriously, bands like White Lion, Warrant, and Winger killed 80's rock. They were just ridiculous.
6305508550|5.0|Ron Livingston stars as Jeff Gordon in this thinly-veiled homage to NASCAR's Winston Cup Series in the late 1990's. Against all odds, the young outsider finds a way to fit in and succeed in an environment wherein success is typically reserved for those who normally take a much more well-travelled path of self-induced pain and humiliation (IE, the Busch Grand National Series).<br />&gt;<br />Also starring Jennifer Aniston as Brooke Gordon (who is obviously the Perfect Woman...who ELSE could look that good and share an affinity for the 1970's classic TV show &quot;Kung Fu&quot;) and Diedrich Bader, who in all his mullet-headed glory plays the working class &quot;everyman&quot; representing NASCAR's collective &quot;true roots&quot; fanbase who learns to accept (and even work side by side with) Livingston's self-actualized hero by the end of the production...this movie cleverly presents to those not normally inclined to follow Winston Cup auto racing the intricacies and complexities of a typical race season from Daytona in February to Atlanta (most years) in November.<br />&gt;<br />Of course this is all complete nonsense...but reviews that claim this movie was based on the reviewer's own 9-to-5 gig are hopelessly passe' by now.  Understand simply that this is an extremely funny movie.  &quot;Beavis &amp; Butthead&quot; may have made a name for Mike Judge before this came along, but if there's any justice at all in this world, Judge will be remembered for this movie...and Tony Stewart will be kicked out of Joe Gibbs Racing in time for the 2002 NASCAR season.
B0000047BA|4.0|Miles Davis, John Lee Hooker and Taj Mahal together on the same album: Wow!... well not quite. The problem is that this eclectic combination was put together specifically to play a Jack Nitzchse composed movie score. As soundtracks go it's good - lot's of drifting, atmospheric playing that's ideally suited to building cinematic moods - but, out of context, a great deal of it sounds like what, of course, it is: the music without the movie.<br />On track after track John Lee Hooker puts in a tour-de-force of deep blues &quot;groans&quot; (so good that they're regularly sampled), Miles Davis inserts trumpet stabs to die for and Taj Mahal (supported by Tim Drummond, Earl Palmer &amp; Roy Rogers) provides superbly earthy backings. But... after 13 often quite similar, low-key offerings it gets (dare I say it) a bit boring. So, why buy it? Well... it's an intriguing one-off mix of brilliant artists, it's great background music and, it contains three real gems: &quot;Gloria's Story&quot; (featuring some beautiful solos from Miles Davis) and the virtually identical &quot;Bank Robbery&quot; &amp; &quot;End Credits&quot; where the group let rip with some wonderfully burning jazz-blues to provide an insight into what treats could have been on offer in a less constrained situation. A lost opportunity but worth the money all the same.
0812550706|5.0|With an exquisite blend of adventure, suspense, philosophy, and alien encounters, this futuristic novel is perfect for science fiction lovers of most reading levels.  Orson Scott Card is a wonderful author, and displays many creative ideas in his writing, adding just enough true science to make it believable.  The detailed plot and slightly different way of thinking are gripping, and most readers have trouble putting it down.  Surprisingly, the readers who enjoy this the least seem to be adults, especially teachers and guidance counselors.  Supposedly, this is because they have trouble thinking of children as mature thinkers, especially as young as those portrayed in this book.
6305165912|5.0|nothin' beats watching this movie. I start laughing as soon as I push play.
0743216458|5.0|Stephen Ambrose's wonderful storytelling style brings home the true stories of the men of Easy Company in a compelling way.  True heroes are ordinary people asked to do extraordinary things and Easy Company as well as all those who served in WWII were heroes.<br />Brings about a greater appreciation for what was lost, and sacrificed for our freedom.  A must read for history fans, and those who love stories about real life heroes.  <br />So compelling, it makes me want to visit with the veterans as a reunion!
B000056K04|2.0|This is the worst studio release by the Dave Matthews Band. I was open to the idea of the band working with a new producer. I was open to the idea of Dave playing an electric guitar. I was even open to the idea of Dave writing new songs instead of recording some of the brilliant pieces of music that he had showcased in concerts the previous years. With that being said, I was extremely disappointed with the disc when I had first purchased it last spring. I've tried many times to listen to it, in the hopes that it would grow on me. Sadly, it has not. There are a few merits to the disc, however. These are the &quot;Days Between&quot;, &quot;Mother Father&quot; and &quot;Everyday&quot;. Most of the songs on this album just reek of overproduced pop sentimentality. Nothing, in my opinion, is classic and would stand the tests of time as some of his previous material from &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming&quot;, &quot;Crash&quot;, and &quot;Crowded Streets&quot;. I will purchase the upcoming live release, but I am definitely returning this one to a used CD store.
0385495315|4.0|Some sections are dry - or seem that way for a while, when in fact the author is giving you a great history on this history of codes and codebreaking.  The perspective gained from the explanatory and often entertaining style makes this book worth the price.  Whenever it seemed that I was tiring of the &quot;historical&quot; nature of a chapter, within a couple pages I was suddenly glad to have learned the facts and reasons behind the fascinating evolution of cryptography.<br />A newcomer to modern cryptography, this is the first book that made clear the workings of public-key/private-key cryptography, and for me that alone was worth the price of the book.
6304078102|3.0|(Some &quot;spoiler&quot; warning) I saw only parts of it, but I think I understood the whole story behind it. It's all about a soppy fairy tale that a music composer lives in and how it gets dashed to bits and how he eventually learns to live with it. Like, for instance, the &quot;hero&quot; hurries desperately through the wrong-way street to the hospital so he can see his &quot;beautiful, precious, and perfect&quot; little baby boy...only to suddenly find him not only hearing-impaired (aw, how can he enjoy music?!), but he also grew into a rebellious brat to boot. And what's more, his sweet, sweet little wifey-wife also seems to be blissfully unaware of the fact her beloved, devoted husband had messed around a bit with some long-maned vixen who had came to him for advice in singing and eventually became a successful singer headed for New York, all thanks to his unselfish urging and support. And he gets to kiss her thick, luscious quivering lips in sincere gratitude. How sweet! And in the very end, all the devotion and obsession the &quot;hero&quot; has for music (he's afraid the whole civilization will come to an end if it doesn't maintain its interest in classical music) all comes down to his very last waving of a stick before a musical group of students who had been in his classes a long ago before he retires forever. Ah...well, goodbye, I guess.<br />And one more thing...the little wifey-wife doesn't seem to age much over the whole thirty-year span!
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Im a total fan of this movie, though I cant seem to come up with a satisfactory explanation why. Ill admit the acting is amateurish, the plot is ridicilous and the effects well, but theres just something about The Evil Dead that makes it a 5 star movie in my world. Maybe its that weird low-budget charm, or the fact that Bruce Campbell, Sam Raimi and the rest seem like such nice guys. I dunno.<br />One things for sure, the numerous people out there calling this the scariest movie ever, really should watch more movies. Unlike its sequels, this is actually meant to be scary, but fails in just about every way a movie can fail in that respect. Where it succeeds, however, is at entertaining. <br />The plot goes something like this: Five teens, who for some reason find themselves in a remote cabin in the woods drinking berry drinks, accidentally play back a recording containing portions of the dreaded Book of the Dead, causing all hell to break loose. Thats basically it. Exept this movie somehow manages to pull it off, through the combination of a great location, sheer imagination, and at times wildly inventive camera work (foreshadowing the excellent Evil Dead II). <br />This movie was considered quite gory for its time (1982 or thereabout), but the low-budget effects have lost most of their impact over the years. Or maybe Im just being insensitive... <br />This DVD has some nifty extras, including a huge still gallery, trailer, and 20 mins of hilarious alternate footage (plenty of demon-posessed growling here). The second commentary track, by Bruce Campbell, is a textbook example of how commentary tracks should be done. Informative, witty, and in some ways more entertaining than the movie itself, its worth the price of the disc alone.
B00003CX9E|5.0|The 60th anniversary restoration of Citizen Kane on dvd is reconstructed from the best remaining film elements, and is absolutely gorgeous (especially breathtaking for those of us who might have been used to seeing the film on scratchy, broken up prints from tv).  The disc also contains two feature length audio commentaries, one by Welles friend, confidante, colleague, and biographer Peter Bogdanovich, and the other by Roger Ebert.<BR> <BR>The Bogdanovich commentary combines directorial insights, many from conversations with Welles, inside perspectives that emanate from Bogdonavich's 18 year association with Welles, mixed with an odd, underlying haughty tone.  Why is not clear to me, but might be related to a certain protectiveness of Welles' legacy.  He is never critical of Welles, and presents him in only the best light as friend and artist.  Both have some experiences in common, although each career arrived at their respective stations for different reasons:  Welles career never recovered from the Hearst blacklist (plus Hollywood's  spite and jealously of the extraordinary contract the RKO gave him with unprecedented artistic freedom without having previously directed a film), and Bogdanovich never recovered from decades of mediocre work after a brilliant start (&quot;Last Picture Show&quot; is a great American film).  However, the content is very interesting, and at times captivating.  Despite my objections, I found his insights illuminating, and certainly added to my enjoyment and appreciation of the film.<BR> <BR>The Ebert commentary (IMHO) is more disciplined and complete, and essentially similar to Roger's shot-by-shot analyses that he performs at The Virginia Film Festival (this year at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville from October 25-28) and like venues.  The presentation includes vignettes about Welles and the making of the film, plus Ebert's usual mise-en-scene analysis, which is both entertaining, accessible, and instructive.<BR> <BR>I havealways enjoyed Kane, but this pristine print makes viewing the film a nearly new experience.  Because Kane is such a great classic, folks can forget how entertaining it is:  there's something for everyone - drama, noir, irony, slapstick, humor, and even a song and dance number!  Happily, there are two discs:  the first contains the film, the two audio commentaries, and some other features.  The second includes and excellent special (originally aired on PBS) on The Battle Over Citizen Kane which chronicles the war between William Randolph Hearst and Orson Welles.<BR> <BR>In any case, this is one of the great films, and a must for any collection.
B00003CXXI|5.0|Mike Myers almost never disappoints, and this movie is no exception. I laughed so hard watching it that I almost fell out of my chair. I can't wait to own it!
B00003CXP0|5.0|This film is gripping from the beginning.  Rich in beautiful acting, directing, scenery and writing, this film is probably also the most depressing movie I have ever seen.  Each character is destroyed by the end- left in a lifelong hell that will not subside.  This movie is so wonderful in its creation yet so dark in its message and final product.  After I finished watching this film, I couldn't move.  I was surprised, sickened and stunned by the violence that Aronofsky portrays as the end result of drug use.  I highly recommend this film to anyone.  Its horror is the key to its message and though it is disturbing, it is worth the pain of watching to see this film and its tragedy.
B00005M91K|5.0|The Special Collector's Edition of Baraka is worth buying even if you already own the previous DVD version (as I do). I was disappointed in the previous DVD because I felt that the image was grainy. I even wondered if my memory of the original movie presentation was too rosy because the DVD image just wasn't that great. The new version erases all of my misgivings. The picture quality is tremendous and the upgraded soundtrack is also amazing. Buy this DVD! If you've never seen this movie, you'll be blown away. If you already have it, give your present copy away and treat yourself to this one. You'll be glad you did.
B000024D4R|4.0|I love this cd.Even though most peope never got it,I think it includes some of roger's most cynical lyrics and some very good playing by David Gilmour and netted 2 of my most favorite Floyd tracks; Dogs and Sheep.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|Memento is one the most thrilling, intense, screwed up films I have ever seen. Besides that it is one of the best written, directed, and acted films I have ever seen. About a guy who has short term memory loss who is trying to find the guy who murdered and raped his wife, and the screwed up thing is that the whole movie is told backwards. An interesting, original idea that will blow you away. Guy Pearce is very intense and passionate as Leonard, and Carrie Anne Moss gives an equally convincing performance as Danielle. Full of surprises Memento does not disappoint, but one movie you have to watch  and listen to very carefully or you will get easily confused. Highly recommended and could be considered one of the years best!
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Incredible album!  Shows what a true legend can do!  As always, Bob doesn't try and be what he is not.  Great songs, great playing, best album of the new millennium!
B000002J09|5.0|I'll start by stating the obvious - This is not Led Zeppelin's best album. Not by a long shot. I could never quite decide which is the best one, but IV (aka Untitled, aka Rune Album, aka Zoso) is not that. It's extremely commercial, designed to be successful (and that worked, by the way; another problem of the album is that so many of the songs - especially Stairway To Heaven - have been so terribly overplayed on the radio and, well, anywhere else.) In order to achieve that, the band cleaned their act a little, smoothed some rough edges. The blues influences, very powerful on the first album, are present, but very lightly and moderately. The music still rocks, but not half as loud and rough as LZ II or III. Instrumental segments are kept to a minimum, because that kind of stuff doesn't sell. Sure, the four minute drum solo that is Moby Dick and the long jamming on Dazed And Confused are two of the highlights of the first albums, but how many of your avarege rock-pop fans have the patience for that? Also, the production is dreadfuly clean. Some of the best songs on the album could have benefited a lot from a rougher sound, and indeed sounded a lot better when played live (see the Black Dog performance on 'The Song Remains The Same'.)<br />It's just because of this that Led Zeppelin IV is the perfect Led Zeppelin album for the non-Led Zeppelin fan, or, on the other hand, the perfect introduction to the band for someone who thinks Led Zeppelin equals Stairway To Heaven. Those are sure to enjoy singing along to old favorites like Stairway and Rock And Roll, as well as the lesser known Going To California and Misty Mountain Hop while When The Levee Breaks and Black Dog prepare them for the real Led Zeppelin (albums I-III). Later they can listen to 'The Song Remains The Same' to hear those songs performed like they should be, and hear the brilliant playing of Jimmy Page, John Paul Jones and John &quot;Bonzo&quot; Bonham at full power.<br />There is, despite everything, awonderful selection of songs here. Black Dog, a slightly bluesy track, is a marvelous song (though it sounds much better live), with powerful, soulful singing from Robert Plant. Rock And Roll is a fast, catchy rocker, the kind of tune that gets stuck in your head and gives you a strange, irresistable urge to sing along, tap your feet, or, in more extreme cases, play your air guitar or drum on the nearest available solid object. Lacking the depth of heavy metal classics like Whole Lotta Love and Immigrant Song, Rock And Roll is still extremely fun. The Battle Of Evermore is a brilliant, unusual turn for Page and Plant, and probably the only song which sounds fantastic in this clean, smooth production. It's the height of Led Zeppelin's Tolkien and mysticism obsession, and sounds like nothing else they've ever done. Stairway To Heaven, while it is one of the most overplayed songs in history, is still an excellent epic song with some great moments.<br />Side B is slightly weaker; Misty Mountain Hop, Four Sticks and Going To California are all great tracks, but none is especially original or memorable. Misty Mountain Hop is a song which was probably made to be heavy metal but was softened and cleaned. Four Sticks is heavier, but nothing exceptional. And Going To California is a sweet little ballad, a nice song but really too smooth for Led Zeppelin. The whole thing, though, is saved by When The Levee Breaks. Some of the negative reviews on this album said that the best song on it was When The Levee Breaks and it wasn't even their song. Yes, it is the best song on the album. No, it's not a Led Zeppelin original. I wonder, though, how many of the reviewers who made this comment actually heard Memphis Minnie's original song, because the two have very little in common; the brilliance of this track is Led Zeppelin's arrangement, which turned a good old blues song into one of Led Zeppelin's heaviest, dirtiest, most powerful pieces of music. Bonham, Page and Jones did a brilliant job, not to mention Plant who brought out his harmonica for the recording. After hearing this album, try to find a live recording of the song. It's guaranteed to blow your mind.<br />Whether or not you're a Led Zeppelin fan, this album is a must, an essential part of every collection. There's something here to please anyone, and if When The Levee Breaks is tough on your eardrums, listen to Stairway To Heaven again, or try Going To California. If you are a fan, don't have a grudge against this album because it was so successful - there's nothing wrong with compromising a little to expand one's audience.
B00005B4GU|4.0|Like I said, I don't think this album is as good as Kid A.  I'm not sure why....I guess because it's not as &quot;cinematic&quot; as Kid A.<BR>Also, Amnesiac isn't quite as focused as Kid A.  Where Kid A played almost like a concept album, Amnesiac plays more like a collection of songs chosen at random.  One thing I noticed from the very first day that I bought it (which was the first day it was released) was that the instrumentation on Amnesiac is a lot more sparse.  There aren't any noisy, pseudo free-jazz freakouts like on The National Anthem.  And you won't find anything as impassioned as How to Disappear Completely.  The songs here, are much more subtle and.... well... &quot;accoustic-like&quot; for lack of a better term.  But it's still pretty good.  I love most of the songs here on it.  Especially Packt like Sardines.., Pyramid Song, You and WHose Army, I might be Wrong , and Life in a Glasshouse.  I know that some people want Radiohead to go back to the guitar rock of OK Computer, but I find their new direction much more interesting.  Amnesiac is worth the 13 bucks or whatever they're charging.
0812550706|5.0|Enders Game<br /> Enders Game, a novel by Orson Scott, is about a boy named Ender who is a very smart kid for his age.  The story takes place in future times and almost every kid is put in a program where they are taught to fight.  Ender has a brother, named Peter, who is very cruel to him.  He also has a sister that loves him very much and they are really close.  They both dislike Peter because he always threatens to kill them, and he beats Ender all the time.  The kids are in a training camp that teaches them how to fight in space and trains them to fight the buggers.  The buggers are aliens from a far planet that have tried to invade them in past times.  Ender ends up being the best student at he school and earns the respect from most of the other students.  However, some dislike him and try to hurt him, but it does not stop Ender from being the best fighter that he can be.  <br />After Ender completes training school, he goes to a place called Eros.  This is the training camp where he will learn to be a commander.  Mazer Rakham, a commander of a past war with the buggers, becomes Enders teacher.  Mazer Rakham was the best and most well known commander to all the people from earth.  Mazer teaches Ender all he knows. <br /> At the end of the book, Ender is tricked into fighting the buggers.  He is told that he is only fighting on a simulator, but he is really fighting the real buggers.  They win the battle and Ender becomes a well-known hero to everybody.<br /> The theme of this book is good verses evil.  This good verses evil theme can be seen in the conflict between the buggers and earth.  It also appears in Ender's relationship with his brother.  The characters of this book are well described and are put perfectly into the plot of this story.  This book is a good science fiction novel with an especially good ending. I liked the ending because it was filled with lots of excitement and good prevails and defeats evil.  I would recommend this novel to anybody who likes science fiction books.
B00004XONN|5.0|6 months ago, I would've given this album a 4.  6 months before that, I would've probably given this album a 2.  Kid A took many many repeated listens for all of the hooks and melodies to sink in.  When the CD came out a year ago, most of the songs sounded obscure and inaccessible.  Somehow...after all these months, the songs slowly revealed themselves....and they really are quite beautiful.  I used to find Motion Picture Soundtrack, In Limbo and the title track pretty boring.  But after a year, I can finally appreciate it and enjoy it.  Yeah, this album requires A LOT of repeated listens.... but if you ask me, the rewards are worth it.  (Note, I'm not even a Radiohead fan)
0679746048|3.0|The book Girl Interrupted is a book that is very different from the rest.  The main character, Lisa, is an eighteen-year old girl, who has a very complex mind.  She was hospitalized for eighteen months during the sixties for a borderline personality disorder.  The author had really descriptive and realistic details about what Lisa was going through.  Then closer to the end of the book when Lisa was getting much better the author starting picking up the pace of the book slowly.  If you would like to read this book and understand it and really like this you should really be interested in psychology and how the minds of others work.  If your not then you might not understand this book and you would find it confusing and pointless.  This book is very peculiar and unique because not to many books tell about what goes on in other peoples minds, especially minds that are in need of psychiatric help.  <BR>The author used a very casual type of language and a lot of street language and swearing.  Her style of writing is different too because the book started out real slow and told millions of details about every little thing.   Then the pace started to pick up once you were getting into the meat of the book.   At the end of the book she was flying through the rest of her life after she got out of the hospital.  About 7 out of 10 people liked this book that I saw on other posted reviews.  I personally found it to be an all right book.  It interested me to know what was going on in that persons mind because her mind thought a little different than the average persons' mind.  It wasn't my favorite because I didn't like certain parts of the book where the author would talk about things that you really didn't have to know.  This book was interesting and confusing at the same time but it was worth reading once!
6303303463|4.0|Filmed at Wembley Stadium in London, England over 2 nights and then edited into one concert.At the time, Queen thought this was to be their last show of \\"The Magic Tour\\" and pulled out all the stops.In the opening credits, we see the huge stage being constructed (shown at a faster pace of course) so we can see all of the work put into this show.From the opening chords of \\"One Vision\\" to the updated \\"stadium funk\\" of \\"Another One Bites the Dust\\", we're handed all sorts of treats.Freddie seems to take every opportunity to interact with the audience and they respond with glee. He truly knew how to work the crowd. (Note to the frontmen of current rock bands, it takes a little more effort than standing in one spot and singing to get the audience into you.)Freddie went into quote over-drive at this show with many memorable lines. Before starting \\"Crazy Little Thing...\\" Freddie is trying to tune his guitar but it seems to be giving him problems......\\"This (...) guitar never plays the chords I want it to play!\\" and in a sadly prophetic line before \\"Who Wants to Live Forever\\", he addressed rumors of Queen splitting up by saying \\"We're gonna stay together until we (...) well die I'm sure!\\"Why the band decided to break up the \\"Rock You\\" and \\"Champions\\" pairing with \\"Friends Will Be Friends\\" remains a mystery..and a mistake on their part.This was a great show filled with an awful lot of energy..and of course, Freddie at his most playful. He had a lot of fun and it showed, even when things didn't go as planned. Roger starting into \\"Another One Bites the Dust\\" well before Freddie was expecting it, the surprised look on his face was priceless but ever the showman, he went with the flow.When it was all said and done, Freddie returned to the stage in (fittingly) a royal crown, robe and scepter. The quote in the following day's newspaper said \\"..only Freddie could have gotten away with that.\\" Very true.
B00003CX5P|1.0|My title says it all - If Jar Jar gets deleted, I'll buy a copy.<br />I've seen the original 3 Star Wars movies multiple dozens of times each, and saw Phantom Menace twice (once on opening day, because I used to believe in George Lucas, and again several days later just in case I had hallucinated how bad Jar Jar stunk up the entire movie).<br />Jar Jar wasn't the only bad part of the movie, but with him it is totally un-watchable.
B000002U9W|5.0|Wow! This Pink Floyd album has all of us Floyd fans very mixed on reviews.  But, haven't you all noticed, Every PF album is very unique and very different from each other.  Hell, that's what I loved about Pink Floyd.  They had so many different concepts that it is actually hard to believe it's the same group.  I mean, you buy one Beach Boys album, you've got in your hands \\"All that they ever were, nothing more\\".  But, with Pink Floyd, none of their unique ideas ever really stayed the same.  Who would have thought that \\"Wish You Were Here\\" would be the follow-up to \\"Dark Side of the Moon?\\"  They don't sound like each other at all!  \\"Animals\\" was mildly predictable as a follow-up to \\"Wish You Were Here\\", but, \\"The Wall\\" captured some of the charm apparent in \\"Dark Side of the Moon.\\"<br />  \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" was nothing that anyone expected if you were to judge it by its simplistic album cover of \\"just a cow.\\"  This album (for 1970), was way ahead of it's time.  Way ahead!  Who'd have thought these psychedelic drug abusers would have considered orchestrating around their performances.  This Side One title track couldn't have been done better if it was written by someone of sound mind and absolute judgement.  I'll bet John Lennon was pulling his foot out of his mouth when he heard this album. (Lennon criticized Pink Floyd once, thinking they weren't going to go anywhere).<br />  Also, my most favorite Pink Floyd song is \\"Summer '68\\".  What a perfect piece of Pop, Rock, and Psychedelia, all in one 5 1/2 minute song.  Absolutely Mind-blowing!  \\"Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast?\\" This song is like \\"Peanuts\\" music.  Imagine Schroeder waking up, buzzing from a hangover, and went into the kitchen to get some breakfast.<br />  Anyway, \\"Atom Heart Mother\\" is quite a gem.  Some people love it, and some people hate it, and I think some people just don't get it.  However, if you want to bad-mouth Pink Floyd's \\"The Final Cut\\", I'll support you on that one.
B00003CXSM|2.0|On the surface, this was a cute idea.  Wedding planner falls in live with one of her clients.  But this idea is quickly killed by a  combination of a weak script and terrible acting.  Most of the blame falls squarely on the beautiful shoulders of gorgeous Jennifer Lopez.<br />Lopez has an acting range that can best be described as non-existent. She plays every scene with the same vacant-eyed look.  She emits virtually no emotion and recites her lines as if they were written on cue cards.  Her total lack of involvement in her character is appaling.<br />Matthey McConaughey does not escape blame either.  He gives essentially the same monosyballic performance that he did in EdTV - another good idea killed by his inept acting.<br />The plot is mostly formula - Jennifer Lopez plays Mary Fiore, wedding planner falls in love with the groom she is supposed to be helping planning a wedding for.  And the bride, played by beautiful but colorless Bridget Wilson-Sampras, practically throws her fiance at the Lopez.  Talk about a case of being blind to the situation.  I should add that the plot device used to bring Lopez and McConaughey together - she gets her shoe stuck in a manhole - is incredibly contrived.<br />There a a number of other plot lines tossed in. Lopez supposedly is a member of a Scrabble club with her father (yeah, right), but this is not explored very much.  It is hard to fathom a reason as to why the filmakers chose this plot device.  Loez also suposedly has to nail this big client so that she can become a partner in the company.  This plot device is also not utlized for any particular purpose.  Mary's dad, played by the usually decent Alex Roccco, tries to fix her up with this Italian fellow, who seems to have come right out of central casting from the files of &quot;Obnoxious Foreigner&quot;.  It is yet another degrading sterotype.  And why is he hanging around a bunch of old people?  This is also not explained.  One other unbelievable plot device is that Mary has not had a date in two years?  Like who would believe that?  This woman is absolutley stunning and she doesn't date?  Maybe it's her personality.  But a less pretty actress could have been more believable.<br />But most of the problem with this movie is the attempt to craft a movie around someone who can't act.  Lopez might work well in a lessor role where she doesn't have to carry the load and the success of the film doesn't depend on her role.  This could have been a much better movie, had it starred actors with more ability.  And had it been given a better script.has not had a date in two years?  Like who would believe that?  This woman is absolutley stunning and she doesn't date?  Maybe it's her personality.  But a less pretty actress could have been more believable.<br />But most of the problem with this movie is the attempt to craft a movie around someone who can't act.  Lopez might work well in a lessor role where she doesn't have to carry the load and the success of the film doesn't depend on her role.  This could have been a much better movie, had it starred actors with more ability.  And had it been given a better script.
B000021YQV|5.0|Loved this CD. I recommend Jet Pilot, ATWA but Toxicity is the best song I have heard in awhile. ALL of these songs are excellent!
B000002JEV|5.0|This live raw cd captures one of the greatest bands in rock and roll history on the verge of their prime(tracks on cd1 recorded in 1969 and cd2 live at Paris Theatre in London 1971) and is worth cherishing by , not just Zeppelin fans , but rock fans in general. This is history captured on two cds.<br />You hear the band in its raw awesome element without studio enhancements and yet there are some live versions of songs here that seem better than studio versions or at least adds some delightful nuances to songs that you have loved for a long time.<br />Personally , I just can't get enough of &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; on this cd(2). It is generally the same as the studio version but just the slight delay of the beginning of Page's guitar solo was interesting to hear. Page starts off the guitar solo playing different chords for about 10 seconds. The solo intro starts off lightly then Page just rips into the intro with a heavier sounding chord then he goes into the traditional solo. It's somewhat amazing to hear when you realize that you are listening to the first time &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; was played in front of a live audience and played powerfully. Ironically , the song recieved polite applause at the end. No typical hooting , hollering , or whistling. Just respectful applause. That track alone is worth buying the cds.<br />&quot;Dazed and Confused&quot; on cd 1 is close to the studio version with little improvising. But &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot; on cd 2 has a great deal of improvising in it. BOY does it have improvising in it(the song alone is 18:36) and Plant is terrific in it. When you compare the first &quot;Dazed..&quot; to the second &quot;Dazed..&quot; you hear the evolution of the band.<br />&quot;Whole Lotta Love(Medley)&quot;(cd2) shows off the bands versatility. The middle of the song has a medely of blues songs(Boogie Chillun' , Fixin to Die , That's Alright Mama , A Mess of Blues). The first half before the medely is so fun to listen to because there is a great moment when you hear the whole band with all guns blazing , just crazily rockin' away for about 20 seconds(reminds you of &quot;My Generation&quot; a little). The medely itself receives applause at the end from the audience because the audience really saw the depth and versatility of the band going from hard rock to classic blues. Plus they played it excellently. A fine moment.<br />One of Jimmy Page's best solo's is in &quot;Thank You&quot;. A strikingly rich , sharp , clean sound to his solo in this track. It is just fine guitar playing by one of rock's guitar gods.<br />&quot;Led Zepplin:BBC Sessions&quot; is just a classic piece of work. A must have for any rock and roll fan , let alone Zeppelin fans. It captures one of the most versitile , influential , and greatest rock bands during the very early raw stages of their legendary career.
B00005N9CV|4.0|judging from the reviews that i've been reading from others here, this is not, by any means, diana krall's best work.  i kept that in mind when i considered buying a copy of this cd at a book store.  since i had never heard her before, i carefully considered whether i should buy it at all.  but when i noticed a label on the cd that said that she had collaborated with the london symphony orchestra, and when i saw that the cd had been produced by tommy lipuma, i HAD to at least try it out.  so i did.  i really think that this is a good cd.  it's soothing, it's relaxing, it's soulful, and she has a lot of talent.  seriously, i think that if this is not her best work, then her other cds must be pretty great.  for any diana krall first-timers, this is still a safe bet.
0780020685|5.0|Kurosawa's broadest and probably most accessible samurai epic. The straightforward story concerns a poor peasant village that hires seven samurai plus one buffoon (played by the incomparable Toshiro Mifune) to protect them against a gang of feudal bandits.  Kurosawa embellishes this fundamentally Old West story with a host of great characterizations and a confident narrative drive that doesn't allow the film to lull during its 3+ hours run. <br />What makes the film such a great experience is Kurosawa's dramatic telling of the samurai's plight - outcast from a feudal society which no longer needs them (as would be the case in his later &quot;Yojimbo&quot;) and distrusted by the very peasants they're hired to protect, the samurai's warrior code, a fading relic of an earlier time, is the only thing which holds them together in this hostile world.  The &quot;Seven Samurai&quot; can be seen as an elegy, albeit not a sentimentalized one, to this vanishing warrior class adrift in a world of social breakdown and rampant lawlessness.  (Peckinpah would put a spin on this idea 15 years later in &quot;The Wild Bunch&quot; where the old warriors are replaced by the railroad magnates and their lackey politicans - an even greater grouping of thieves). <br />Criterion's DVD is a fairly early release from them and it doesn't have a whole of lot extras. The main attraction is that you get the most complete version of the film available: 208 minutes as opposed to the 140-min. version on older VHS releases.  The visual quality is, at times, variable but overall quite good (I'm not as uptight about these things as other reviewers - considering the film's age and often the quality of available prints).   Although the asking price is a bit steep for a single DVD issue, this film's the one to buy if you want an excellent introduction to Japanese cinema.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Dylan's latest &quot;Love and Theft&quot; album just reinerates the fact that Bob Dylan, is still more than capable to present a classic piece of art to the publics album collection.  If you possess the capability to read, think, and/or listen do not hesitate to pick this title up.
B00003CX9E|5.0|So much praise has been heaped on &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; that it seems pointless to add any more adjectives to describe it.  Suffice it to say that Welles's slightly ficitionalized portrait of the rise and fall of one of America's first media barons remains as engaging and enjoyable today as it must have been 60 years ago.<br />&quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is a masterpiece of expressionist filmmaking - from its dramatic deep-focus cinematography, to its brilliant compression of dramatic time, and its creative use of staging and matte shots.  But its also a still relevant picture of the contradictions of the American dream - how our native American idealism is compromised and undone by our unyielding drive for power and fortune.  It is, as Ezra Pound would say, &quot;the news that stays news.&quot;<br />Warner Brothers has created a handsome edition of this great film.  The print quality is about the best we're likely to get for a film this old and the extra disc has a not-bad documentary about Welles' battle with William Randolph Hearst, on whom the movie was based.  &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;, and the documentary about it, provide a fascinating look at the intersection of art, commence, and power. An essential DVD.
B00004RFFU|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS ONE OF MY FAVS,THE CASTING IS GREAT,THE ACTING IS GREAT AND KISTEN DUNST IS AWESOME IN HER ROLE OF CLAUDIA AND SO IS THE REST OF THE CAST,CHECK IT OUT
6302902010|4.0|This is an excellent production.  The only significant problem was the lip syncing of the cast to their own voices.  At least it wasn't someone else singing!  Why this couldn't have been recorded properly for video production, I don't know.  But if you can get past the out of sync problem, you'll enjoy this for the great music and performances.  I too saw the Houston Grand Opera production and it set the standard of live opera of this wonderful work.  I've performed the music and can tell you that &quot;My Man's Gone&quot; is as difficult as most Italian arias and the more you hear this music the better it gets.  The cast is excellent and conducting just fine.  Willard White is outstanding in any opera role he performs, including Porgy.  Gregg Baker as Crown is magnificant and not heard in opera houses enough.  This is one of the very few American operas we can be proud of.  Opera is foremost about the music and the performances of that music and this meets the test.  L. Price's CD of highlights is also highly recommended.  Go ahead, ignore the bad lip syncing as it was the director's fault, not the cast; get this video for your collection.  The VHS version is OK for sound.  Don't know about DVD.  Someone's idea of not recording the cast voices during performance was an unfortunate one due to the off sync, however, I recommend until a better one comes along.
B00004RFFU|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS ONE OF MY FAVS,THE CASTING IS GREAT,THE ACTING IS GREAT AND KISTEN DUNST IS AWESOME IN HER ROLE OF CLAUDIA AND SO IS THE REST OF THE CAST,CHECK IT OUT
6304044836|5.0|Julia Ormond was well-chosen to fill Audrey Hepburn's shoes in the title role. Compared to the 1954 original, this 1995 version has a fresher, more fast-paced, less archaic look to it, and a cast of more assertive females who are accomplished women in their own right rather than just clinging-vine rich girls who are determined to marry well. The suicide attempt of the title character is happily, left out of this version.<br /> Fanny Ardant is warm and personable as the Vogue Magazine editor who takes Sabrina under her wing after her arrival in Paris. The temptation to have sex with a co-worker to ease her lonliness in response to her learning about David Larrabee's engagement is tasefully and honorably dealt with by Patrick Bruel's character, Louis, and the scenes of Paris are sheer delight. The original \\"Sabrina\\" introduced me to the beautiful song, \\" La Vie en Rose\\", which gets a little air time in this version as well.<br /> John Wood has a firmness about him mixed with paternal warmth as he worries about the daughter he has raised by himself. Elizabeth Franz is endearing as his potential love interest. The late Nancy Marchand plays a matriarch who knows how to put her foot down concerning her less-reliable younger son, David.<br /> As David, Greg Kinnear is less oily, less sleazy, and somehow, less irritating than William Holden was in the 1954 original. Interestingly, it is mentioned in this remake that David has been in and out of several relationships, but not several marriages, as was the case when William Holden had the part. Perhaps it's because we live in an era where a considerable number of women are less naive and more likely to avoid someone with such a bad marital track record. But we are thankfully spared the details of how far David goes in his relationships.<br /> A rugged-looking Harrison Ford gives a performance that is more than faintly reminiscent of Bogart's when the latter played Linus Larrabee in the original. He is the responsible, brilliantly scholastic brother that any woman who thinks of marrying should want to marry. But he's always busy. One of the most poignant scenes in the whole film is when he admits his lonliness to Sabrina during a business trip to Cape Cod. But his growing desire to impress the woman he has known since childhood with his softer side results in his doing an admirable act of charity along the way. Linus really lights up and lightens up in Sabrina's presence.<br /> Ormond's performance is filled with delicate nuances as she goes from an obsessive, mousy girl to a sophisticated woman. Her make-up job and tastes in clothing after she returns from Paris are beautiful, suitable, and very refined.<br /><br /> Miriam Colon has great comic timing as the Spanish maid, Rosa. Her story about immigrating to the United States, told in response to learning about the adjustment problems Sabrina was having in France, is one with which anyone who has constantly had to move could easily identify. Dana Ivey is equally witty as Linus' prim secretary.<br /> Richard Crenna and Angie Dickenson as David's future in-laws are sharp, offbeat, and engaging, as is Lauren Holly as David's admirably accomplished pediatrician fiancee.<br /> Amid breathtaking, sharp cinematography, and a subtle,elegant musical score, the principals in this drama make some crucial, life-altering decisions. My copy of this film, interestingly enough, is smack in the middle of two other films which end with the male lead asking a woman to take him back, namely, \\" Forever Young\\", and \\" Circle of Friends\\". But in conclusion, I must say that in an era full of movie remakes, this one is outstanding.
B00005N9CV|2.0|It's interesting to see so many negative reviews from people who describe themselves as Diana Krall fans. Count me as another.  This isn't the shock that comes when an artist hits the limit of a particular style and risks alienating audiences by trying something new. Krall is simply backtracking into ooze. <BR>She's been slowly going in this direction since &quot;Love Scenes.&quot; I think her previous CD, &quot;When I Look in Your Eyes,&quot; struck an almost perfect balance between jazz and her new taste for syrup and is her most accomplished CD, even if it is missing the spark that made &quot;All For You&quot; so winning. But the great success of  &quot;When I Look...&quot; has apparently shifted her and her producers' thinking to the point where lushness is seen as the sound that will bring her the most success. It's too bad. She may become more famous (though I doubt it, her kind of music was never on the cutting edge of pop culture), but I agree with the remark made before about the fate of George Benson and hope it doesn't happen to her.<BR>&quot;The Look of Love&quot; has beautiful melodies and Krall's voice gets better with each record. But, with one or two exceptions, the orchestrations are astonishingly dull. I'm reminded of a remark Maria Callas was said to have made after listening to a recording by Renata Tebaldi, one of her main rivals but a distinctly different kind of singer. &quot;Yes it's beautiful, but who the hell cares.&quot;
B0000039PW|5.0|You know, I was a sophomore in high school when the CD first dropped. I was amazed by B.I.G.'s smooth lyrical content, story line, and tight beats. Tracks like &quot;Juicy&quot;, &quot;Everyday Struggle&quot;, and &quot;Respect&quot; appealed to me in a way like the King of N.Y. was giving a lecture. Now, eight years later, a senior in college I'm still finding myself pumping &quot;Machine Gun Funk&quot; and &quot;Things Done Changed&quot;. As we all know, the rap game has changed, but B.I.G. continues to have a solid effect on the industry even at &quot;Life After Death&quot;.    <BR>-AllotofVision-
B00000JGEF|5.0|The predator in the movie is amazing. It builds up so much terror in its hunting hobbies and its pursuit to kill. John McTiernan does a brilliant job of building suspense throughout the movie which makes you love this movie.<br />Predator contains a great plot with great characters and is a legendary action movie with Arnold Schwarzenegger acting in his peak. The special effects are also outstanding and they will never be out of date. This movie is a classic tense thriller and it deserves the credit which it receives. One of my best films so watch it and find out what you think.
0451160916|5.0|Wow! This is one of the best Stephen King books I have read out of the ones I have read by him. It's scary when Danny is being stalked by something and when he discovers the horrible truth about room 217. It was chilling and fast-paced. Anyone who says The Shining isn't good is out of their minds. When Jack Torrance goes crazy and is assigned by Grady to kill his family, it ends up with Danny being chased on the third floor. A landmark in American Literature, to quote a review of IT.
B000005ALP|1.0|Don't get me wrong this cd is ok but to rapsodise about it like some of you guys do is pretty crazy. The sound while reasonably individual is pretty trite and monotonus...making you long to listen to something half decent instead. I took my copy back and swapped it for elvis costellos 'this years model' which is a genuinly engaging album both which both lyricaly and musicaly outshines this [bad] moan. I suggest you all do the same no matter which album you choose...you can't realy go wrong.
B00005K3O4|4.0|Killer Klowns?  From Outer Space?  Actually, they are bloodsucking extraterrestrials that look like circus klowns who invade a Kalifornia kollege town and, using innocuous-looking circus props, spin local folks into kotton kandy-like kacoons to preserve them for later konsumption.<br />Yes, much of the acting is hammy and overdone.  Yes, the premiss is outrageous, and yes, the actual plot is rather thin.  But all that doesn't really matter; it only adds to the charm of this flick.  Using an exaggerated blend of the same horror-and-humor mix that made movies like BRIDE OF FRANKENSTEIN and AN AMERICAN WEREWOLF IN LONDON such memorable classics, KILLER KLOWNS FROM OUTER SPACE is actually a hilarious send-up of both sci-fi alien-invader stories and horror splatter flicks.  All in all, it's a very entertaining 1980s-era klassic replete with real thrills and genuine laughs.<br />The effects, props, and sets in KILLER KLOWNS are zany yet very cool eye candy, and the alien klowns are truly memorable and frightening villains.  The Chiodo Brothers and their crew do a top-notch job in creating a genuine circus atmosphere, yet they keep the audience constantly aware that something sinister is lurking inside every circus ride, balloon animal, and ball of cotton candy.  The eponymous killers exude this same dichotomy: At first glance, they look like goofy, brightly colored circus clowns, yet closer examination reveals that they are quite gruesome looking and downright scary.  Anyone with a genuine fear of clowns (coulrophobia) will freak!<br />This DVD edition of this flick is a penny pincher's delight!  Not only is it reasonably priced, but it comes packed with extras like deleted scenes, theater trailer, interviews with the Chiodo Brothers and other crew members, and much more.  One of the most interesting extras is an 8mm home movie--complete with a fur-covered GI Joe villain--made by the Chiodo Bros when they were in high school!  Anybody who was an aspiring movie maker in their youth will get a real kick out of that one.<br />This is definitely one of the best of the MGM Midnight Movie series.  A must for any fan of B-movie klassics.eir youth will get a real kick out of that one.<br />This is definitely one of the best of the MGM Midnight Movie series.  A must for any fan of B-movie klassics.
B000002IZ4|5.0|OK, it's true that my music taste changes nearly every week, but I think this album will always be at the top of my list. Before I bought it I said that No. 4 was my favorite STP album. Eh-hehe. Forget I said that. If I had bought Purple when it first came out like a good little girl I would've never said that. This album is my current favorite, and also the one that made STP my favorite band. Absolutely excellent.<br />The best track on the album is, as many others have said, &quot;Still Remains&quot;. A truly beautiful song. A close second would have to be &quot;Unglued&quot;, which is good mostly because of the way the instruments are played, rather than the writing (musical and lyrical) of &quot;Still Remains&quot;. 3rd is &quot;Lounge Fly&quot; because it's so bizarrely catchy, and Scott Weiland's voice is perfect in it. I like the rest equally (but that's a good thing!). <br />If I could suggest any album for any rock lover to buy, this would definitely be it. So go buy it! You won't be disappointed. (cliche? Yes. But I'm okay with that :^D )
B000002U8A|2.0|Ugh. Beyond &quot;The Reflex&quot; (whose remix for video and single release were *much* more listenable) and the moderately enjoyable &quot;Union of the Snake,&quot; unless you're a hardcore Duranie you should skip this album. It seems that by the time of this album's release, DD figured they could do no wrong. Oops. The songs seem hastily written and forced, and Nick Rhodes' synths dominate too often whereas in the past they mostly accented Andy and John Taylor's guitar and bass.
B00003CXDG|1.0|If you liked the original MI movie, congratulations.  So did I.  While it was a departure from the series in that there was little real focus on the team dynamics so prevalant on television, it was a fun, entertaining, realistic action flick with some great actors.  MI:2 has none of these qualities.  The plot again deals with a renegade IMF agent (must be those post-Cold War budget cuts!) who hides in plain sight.  The technology is completely implausible, the plot is nonexistent, and the characters are poorly developed.  (If you thought the characters in the first MI lacked depth, wait till you see MI:2).  Tom Cruise continues what I see as the downward spiral of his career as of late, appearing in bad film after bad film.  He has apparently forgotten how to act in a good action movie, and John Woo has forgotten how to direct one--sad to see such a brilliant pair decline to rapidly, and succumb to the pressure to create another box-office, but not critical, success.
B00000DQSV|3.0|....but not by much. The Durans -- now down to three of the original -- now have former Chic man Nile Rodgers as producer, and his influence comes through on the title track (probably the best tune on the album), as well as &quot;Meet El Presidente&quot; and &quot;Skin Trade.&quot; &quot;American Science&quot; is also surprisingly pleasant (I really dig the driving bass underbeat), but beyond these they're ain't much that stands out.
B000056VPD|4.0|Pack your kids away.<BR>Sit back, turn it up and enjoy!!!<BR>By the end of the show, and it is a show, you'll be in heaven just totally enjoying the moment. <BR>Brilliant color, sound, voice, brass section, band, everything.<BR>I bought it for my brothers birthday because one of our favorite concerts we went to was Mr Benson's and we were up the front just like on the DVD. We played it on his birthday and I ordered another on for myself immediately. You'll love it.
B00005BJ9W|4.0|That's right. Almost every song on this disc is worth a listen, even those overkilled on radio and MTV (&quot;Hungry Like the Wolf,&quot; &quot;Rio&quot;). This original version of &quot;Save a Prayer&quot; is a quite lovely ballad (I mean it!) and is much more worthy than its Arena album (dreadful) live version. &quot;Lonely in Your Nightmare&quot; is a moving semi-ballad; &quot;New Religion&quot; changes its focus from atmospheric to total butt-kicking jam; and &quot;The Chauffeur&quot; is wonderfully eclectic. If you only ever buy one Duran LP, this is the one to get.
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Rufus Wainwright's sophomore album is a portrait of an artist as a self-deprecating young man who goes to the city and leaves a drug addict. Steeped in bohemia, bone-dry wit and Tin Pan Alley, \\"Poses\\" expands upon the apparent autobiographical themes of Wainwright's first record, but is lyrically richer and musically more varied and sophisticated. It's also more strange and silly, filled with images of cosmopolitan decadence that stick in your consciousness like bar smoke on a cashmere sweater. Right from the start, on \\"Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk,\\" Wainwright recites all the vices that are \\"harmful for me,\\" and slyly begs that one might \\"please be kind if I'm a mess\\" in a dusky voice that recalls a woozy Ron Sexsmith. Such are \\"Poses'\\" unrepentant characters - desperate, skeptical, dangerously addicted and more than a bit destructive, but also no less charming or poignant. For Wainwright, life is a cabaret, albeit one that is constantly teetering into the abyss.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|wow.  twisted.  frightening.  dark.  splendid drection...outstanding acting (pearce, pantoliano)...superb soundtrack.  you get emotionally pulled in...and emotionally spit out...you will feel almost exhausted after watching and experiencing this film.  &quot;now, where was i?&quot;<BR>peace
B00005NI5Y|5.0|When I first heard L&amp;T I was embarrassed by the ever more raspy voice, the simplistic - in some cases adolescent - lyrics, and the uninspired, trying-too-hard-to-be-real-blues music. But great art is not necesssarily obvious art. The second time I found some things I really liked about some of the songs and by the fifth time I listened to them almost all of the songs raised the hair on the back of my neck and were well on their way to burrowing deep into my soul to keep company there with countless other Dylan compositions. <br />The scars on the voice were overwhelmed by the depth of emotion it evoked; the lyrics were revealed as the chaotic, poetic philosophy that Dylan, and only Dylan, can write; and the music alternately stirred, excited, haunted, and soothed me. How does he imbue a phrase or even a single syllable with a sound - as though he is connected to some alternate reality or Deity - that jabs like a needle directly to the listener's innermost being? Only Dylan knows.
B00005B36H|5.0|This album hooked me on Tool. Up until then, I had heard &quot;Sober,&quot; I had heard of the Aenima album, but I wasn't all that impressed by what I'd heard (Sober is, for me, a relatively plodding effort compared to the rest of the songs I've listened to by the band). Then I picked up Lateralus. This is amazing music. The drum work is outstanding, the guitar work (while not the best in the world, is certainly fitting for the music), and the bass-driven sound make this an amazing album. Keenan's vocals are a strong counterpoint to the music, at times both angry and loud or soft and melodic. The music is consistent, every single part of the band contributes, without one side standing out too starkly or taking attention away from the rest. The lyrics are well written and complex(&quot;Saturn ascends&quot; in &quot;Grudge&quot; anyone???).                                          What really impressed me about the album though is that, as opposed to Aenima, where the music tends to sound quite the same after the first few songs (don't get me wrong, it's good music, just sounds similar!), or Undertow, which comes across as less musically complex compared to the two later albums, Lateralus contains a great deal of musical diversity for Tool. Grudge sounds completely different from Parabola (whose counterpart Parabol is an amazing song--although I still haven't figured out whether it's about existentialism or a simple love song), which sounds completely different from Schism or Lateralus, the title track. The instrumental interludes add to the songs by slowing things down, and creating a somber, dark mood. The music is complex as hell (I remember reading a joke by the band that the time signature is something like Rush over Pi= Tool... it's bloody accurate!). It makes you THINK, which is more than I can say for a lot of other heavy metal acts (so sue me, I somehow don't see anyone doing much other than banging their heads to &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;).<BR>All in all, amazing stuff.
0312954468|4.0|As a great fan of ancient history and particurlarly Egyptian history, I really enjoyed this book.  It weaves a very enticing story together with trying and crucial time in Egyptian history to produce a very enjoyable literary experience.  I really recommend this book to anyone who enjoys history.
B00004U8P9|5.0|This DVD is AWESOME!!!  I love the whole movie, and have seen it many times.  I especially like the special features on this DVD.  It is nice to hear the stars talk about their experience of this movie.  I like the viewing features.  It kind of feels like you are there right from your living room.
B000021Y77|5.0|One of the most fun movies to watch, ever!!! It's really clever in the new approach it takes to time mixing (as seen in sliding doors, memento, etc.). It may not be the most insightful or deep but it's just plain awesome. Four thumbs up (my feet got excited and decided to jump in).
0060977264|5.0|I am an avid reader and have seldom encountered such a beautiful love story.  Not starry or rosy, but deep and beautiful as only a Latino writer can offer.  It is magical, and shows the pain as well as the glory of love. I highly recommend it.
B0000508U6|4.0|Coldplay's Parachutes was one the best albums to come out of Britan last year. As a result of their impressive debut they have forged quite a name for themselves in Britan and countries like Australia where their album has enjoyed considerable success.I bought the album last July in Australia . Most people myself included originally purchased the album for the song yellow. However what you get is so much more. Chris Martin's emotionally charged voice makes some beautiful music. From the start of Don't Panic to the end of Everything's not lost you are taken on an emotional journey into love and relationships. I hope the next album can  meet the high expectations of the first.
B000000HSU|5.0|Very few bands can claim to have invented a type of music, but Bad Brains sure as hell can. They are THE hardcore punk band of the century. The fast pounding guitars and HR's awesome voice really shine on this cd, but on all Bad Brains cd for that matter. And then once you're really getting into the amazing hardcore they'll slow it down into the best reggae/dub I've ever heard. &quot;I and I survive&quot; is my favorite reggae song ever, and one of my favorite songs of any type of music ever! The lyrics are meaningful and politically insightful and have a great message behind them. What else can I say, this album rocks! I wish I could see em live someday, it sucks that they were most active before I was even born!
0783226837|4.0|Tremors combines comedy, adventure and action into one film that will always be remembered as a classic. If you enjoy Sci-fi and action based movies then this is a right choice for you. Kevin Bacon, Fred Ward and Michael Gross all live in Perfection, Nevada where the graboids start attacking. Armed with Burk's arsenal of M-16s, Uzis, shotguns, handguns, these graboids don't stand a chance or do they? One most memorable scenes is &quot;Uzi for U&quot;, in which a graboid crashes into Burk's basement where his Wall of weaponry is located, and Burk and his wife use a plethora of guns to fire numerous bullets into the graboid. Although the movie is completly entertaining, the DVD lacks 5.1 digital sound, and has limited special features.
B000000HSU|5.0|Very few bands can claim to have invented a type of music, but Bad Brains sure as hell can. They are THE hardcore punk band of the century. The fast pounding guitars and HR's awesome voice really shine on this cd, but on all Bad Brains cd for that matter. And then once you're really getting into the amazing hardcore they'll slow it down into the best reggae/dub I've ever heard. \\"I and I survive\\" is my favorite reggae song ever, and one of my favorite songs of any type of music ever! The lyrics are meaningful and politically insightful and have a great message behind them. What else can I say, this album rocks! I wish I could see em live someday, ... they were most active before I was even born!
B00004XQP4|4.0|Warning is a different album than the other Green Day releases, something which is obvious when you listen to it for the first time.  I find it is a mixed album, with some excellent bits (Misery, and the interesting Blood, Sex, and Booze) and some, well, just uninteresting stuff, like the title track and Macy's Day Parade.  Anyone who expected an release that sounded exactly like Insomnia or Nimrod is missing the point of putting out new music. It is called new for a reason, and looking at it in that light, I enjoy most of the songs.
B000000HSU|5.0|Very few bands can claim to have invented a type of music, but Bad Brains sure as hell can. They are THE hardcore punk band of the century. The fast pounding guitars and HR's awesome voice really shine on this cd, but on all Bad Brains cd for that matter. And then once you're really getting into the amazing hardcore they'll slow it down into the best reggae/dub I've ever heard. \\"I and I survive\\" is my favorite reggae song ever, and one of my favorite songs of any type of music ever! The lyrics are meaningful and politically insightful and have a great message behind them. What else can I say, this album rocks! I wish I could see em live someday, ... they were most active before I was even born!
B000002H2H|5.0|This album is a classic.It should be understood that metallica's music was in the beginning with the release of albums like &quot;Master of puppets&quot;,&quot;Ride the lightening&quot; and &quot;...And justice for all&quot;.This album is a slightly softer side of metallica.The first song &quot;Fight fire with fire&quot; is a thrash metal song fit for heavy metal fans.The second song&quot;Ride the lightening&quot; is an excellent song with guitars to it's best.&quot;For whom the bells toll&quot; is a satisfactory song.The 4th song&quot;Fade to black&quot; is a very soft song and is one of the best songs.It has lot of melody to it.It has a little &quot;One(..and justice for all)&quot; touch to it.It starts very slowly and the drums become a little heavier in the later part.In the second side enters the best song of the album &quot;Escape&quot;.It has a beautiful bass and drum combination in the beginning.James voice is seemly 2 good sounding very young.&quot;The Call of ktulu&quot; is the best instrumental better than &quot;Orion&quot; or &quot;Anesthesia-pulling teeth&quot;.The remaining two songs r good too.In short it's a classic.
B00000BKDZ|5.0|This album shows just how deep and conceptual Iron maiden can be.  This album is the only one I can think of by Iron maiden that actually has an on going story to it.  The story is about an ancient legend where a god would have children and his seventh son would be gifted.  That son would then have children and his seventh son would be the embodiment of a god with gifts like foresight and healing.  The songs they wrote were a deep refelction of this, and were questions on whether the seventh son of a seventh son would be good and use his powers to help people, or be manipulated into evil and use his powers for his own ends.  A common asked question is how these songs fit the concept yet most seem easy to conclude (although only the band know the whole truth).  &quot;Can I play with madness?&quot; seemed to touch on the child hiding the truth of his visions to gain power over people, &quot;the evil that men do&quot; seems to talk of him being manipulated by the emotions of people who cause pain, &quot;seventh son of a seventh son&quot; seemed the easiest to understand as the lyrics clearly mentioned about the forces that were observing the child's growth and which side he'd choose (good or evil).  Anyway enough of the concepts, what of the music?  Well here it seems that they have created some great songs.  &quot;The clairvoyant&quot; was good for its varied pace and awesome use of keyboards, &quot;the evil that men do&quot; was an epic all out track.  while melodic underneath it still had some killer riffage and great vocals.  The others all had their credits too, (Barr &quot;the prophecy&quot; as that song was weak) on the whole this experience will leave you thirsting for more.  This is maiden at its best, in between all out speed tracks (previous examples being the trooper and aces high) and slow melodic songs (previous examples being &quot;Alexander the great&quot; and &quot;Hallowed be thy name&quot;) with so much varied use of instruments and pace as well as concept and classic lyrics you understand why this album is held in such high stead.  This album however will almost certainly flop with those who are only interested in Nu-metal as it is too mature to have roaring vocals and every track sounding the same.  However if you liked albums such as &quot;master of puppets&quot; by Metallica, &quot;Countdown to extinction&quot; by Megadeath, &quot;slave to the grind&quot; by Skid Row and &quot;Cowboys from hell&quot; by Pantera then quite simply this album will appeal to you like honey to a bee, I shall end by saying buy this album as it is classic metal!
0679879269|5.0|this trilogy was quite good and i do recommend it to everyone. it is creative and original.
B00000BKDY|4.0|This album is unlike many other Maiden albums (with the exception of Brave New world) due to the fact that the band got heavily experimental and for the first time tried to use synthesisers.  Was that a bad idea? Well I say no if you can produce an album as good as this!  What is interesting is the way that the songs have a sci-fi feel to them.  The opening song &quot;Caught somewhere in time&quot; sounds at the start like it has laser rifles firing all around!  What I like about this album is the time concept and how not being able to die can drive you mad.  For instance the song &quot;Deja Vu&quot; talks of how Eddie the time traveller has seen so many things so often he can no longer tell the difference between reality and fantasy.  Another thing that makes me admire this album is the song length, like Powerslave before it this album stretches out to fifty minutes in total, even though there are only 8 songs on it!  However these songs are seldom boring as they vary so much, &quot;Alexander the great&quot; can be fast enough to do some serious headbanging too and later be very calm and pick up again!  The only song on here that I am not really keen on is &quot;The loneliness of the long distance runner&quot;, while it is a long ambitious song I feel that it suffers from repitition.  However seven out of eight songs means that roughly 94% of the album can be listened to over and over again.  Can bands like Papa Roach, Linkin park and Limp Bizkit say that on their albums?  No they can't!  Reason enough to buy it, not Maiden's best but certainly worth the price as this is another cd that will stay in your collection for many years to come.
B00003CXA4|5.0|this was an exceptional film and one that i hope many people watch, and maybe take to heart what this man did and the way he acted. his actions speak louder than his words did, nonviolence. he was a true christian, muslim, jew, and hindu. <BR>the film does a wonderful job in presenting his life. and the extras are nice. it was nice to see the actual gandhi in the news reel clips they gave us in this disk.
B00005AACC|4.0|The first hour or so of this film is so slow and boring it's unbelievable,and the plot is rubbish.But,boy howdy,towards the end,the action,with all the motorcycles,guns and martial arts really kick in.John Woo's inimitable style there,I feel.Plus Tom Cruise is great as Ethan Hunt,as is Douguay Scot,fine as a villain.Way,way better than the dire original,but you might want to fast forward it to the last half an hour.
0767824571|5.0|If you don't know what my title line means, then watch the movie!! It is so helarious. It is a spoof on King Arthur and his knights. The movie is made in a British style in that it doesn't have many great effects or great acting, but it is the lack of these things that makes it so funny. This movie has been a favorite of mine for years and it never ceases to make me laugh. Watch it!
B00005OAJ1|4.0|I'm sure a bunch of &quot;O.G.&quot; whiners will be falling all over themselves to be the first to criticize this album for not being &quot;raw&quot; or &quot;indie&quot; enough, but as a fan of the D who was into them before there was ever any talk of cutting a record myself, I'd like to congratulate them on their studio debut and hope that they earn as much success (and beautiful, beautiful dollar bills) as they possibly can in the mainstream arena. They've earned it. Studio or no, they are two of the most original and hilarious artists to grace my ears in a long, long time.<br />As far as the album goes, the full blown studio production only hurts a few tracks (Greatest Song Tribute) and helps all of the rest (Explosivo actually lives up to it's name! Rock Your Socks Off really will!). I am a big fan. Listening to this album is like seeing old friends with a completely new look.
B00003CXP1|5.0|Starring Ellen Burstyn (Playing by Heart, The Exorcist); Jared Leto (Fight Club, Girl Interrupted); Jennifer Connelly (Pollock, Higher Learning); Marlon Wayans (Scary Movie, Senseless); &amp; Christopher McDonald (The Perfect Storm, Happy Gilmore).<br />  I don't even know how to begin to describe this movie.  It's the story of 2 guys who try to start a drug dealing business.  One guy's mother ends up hooked on television and uppers.  Trust me, it makes sense in the film.<br />  This movie got one nomination at the Oscars and it went to Ellen Burstyn for Best Actress.  She didn't win and I believe she acted circles around Julia Roberts (who did win).  Burstyn was sensational and more importantly, completely believable.  The Academy screwed up on this one.  They screwed up bad.<br />  This could possibly be my favorite movie of the year.  The acting is incredible and the cinematography was just breath taking.  Some of the shots that were chosen actually made me say, \\"Now that's a cool angle.\\" The editing during one of the last sequences was also really impressive.  Do not rent this movie if you want a pick me up.  It's depressing and tough to get through.  However, I can pretty much guarantee you'll be happy you saw it.<br />  Things To Look Forward To: Okay, who knew Marlon Wayans could be a serious actor?  He makes a transformation in this movie.  Also, consider this fair warning.  Some of the scenes are graphic.  Not awful, just graphic.<br />Overall Rating: Solid A
0671027573|5.0|Rosa, please don't give the plot away when reviewing the book. Now I am taking this book OUT of my shopping cart.
B00003CXSP|5.0|Hannibal can probably be called an art horror film. The settings and shots of ITaly and its beautiful art and history are all over this movie. Director Ridley Scott set out to make Hannibal as different as possible from Silence of the Lambs, so a comparison is not fair. Scott succeeds in capturing the atmosphere and environment of Thomas Harris' novel. Hannibal picks up 10 years after SOTL. Clarice Starling now played by Julianne Moore is a tough cop in the middle of a drug sting in Washington DC. The sting goes bad and suddenly Clarice is in bad odor with her superiors. A world away in Florence, Dr Lecter is living the good life: drinking espressos, taking in all the art history, and working as a museum curator called Dr Fell. Dr Lecter's carefree existence is disturbed by Italian detective Rinaldo Pazzi. Pazzi does not want to bring Dr Lecter to justice, instead he wants to collect the bounty placed on Lecter by his only surviving victim the fabulously wealthy child molester Mason Verger(played brilliantly by Gary Oldman). Dr Lecter easily outsmarts and kills Pazzi and escapes a capture attempt. However, Lecter is moved by Starling's troubles and decides to see her in the US. Following him are Mason's kidnappers, who finally capture Lecter and bring him to Mason. Mason decides to feed Lecter to some wild pigs. The acting in this movie is great, in particular Oldman and Anthony Hopkins. Hopkins is having the time of his life here playing his most famous role. He glides through the movie as the sleek and smooth Dr Lecter. But its Scott's direction which puts this movie over the top. The sights and sounds of this movie are a true delight. The music is glorious and unforgettable. Some of the scenes are so beautifully shot that you don't even care about the dialougue you just look and admire the screen. Hannibal is a new breed of horror movie, very sophisticated, lovingly shot, and beautifully acted. Its better not to try to categorize or compare this movie just watchand enjoy it.
0767803434|3.0|Harrison Ford has always &amp; will be one of my favorite actors,but this film is not him, I mean could terrorist actually hijack Air Force One??, &amp; if so, wouldn't the Secret Service take out half if not all of them??? this film makes the Secret Service look like idiots, I mean coming from the director of &quot;In the line of fire&quot; you would think they would at least kick a**, but they are taken out very quickly, &amp; Ford who is the president has to fend for his self,this film is disturbing in that it comes off as a way to make the viewer think that Ford is one president who can take on terrorist by his self, despite that his wife &amp; daughter are being held hostage, Glenn Close realisticly portrays the Vice President, but comes off as a reluctant leader, the only one who is the most convincing is Gary Oldman who gives a chilling performance as the lead terrorist who has an agenda &amp; will kill without hesitation, Ford does his best with what he has to work with, but his president is tooo perfect, which makes this film unrealistic, there has never been a perfect president, &amp; I not sure there will ever be, what is even more disturbing is that this film borrows to heavily on the first DIE HARD, I know many films have tried to repeat the success of DIE HARD, but this one does way toooo much, not a bad film, just a worn out concept &amp; certainly not Ford's best work.
0425170349|5.0|In today's world, terrorism is rampant.  The definition of terrorism is &quot;the calculated use of violence or the threat of violence to inculcate fear; intended to coerce or to intimidate governments or societies in the pursuit of goals that are generally political, religious, or ideological.&quot;  This means that there are people out there trying to inhibit our freedoms by any means possible.  Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six revolves around the world of terrorism.  It is the story of John Clark, master of the Covert and Black Operations world.  Clark also stars in many other Clancy novels such as &quot;The Bear and The Dragon.&quot;  <BR>   The novel is about an international Counter-Terrorist team, named Rainbow due to its multi-national make up.  Different members are recruited from the world's best Counter-Terrorist teams around the world such as Seal Team 6/DEVGRU (Naval Special Warfare Development Group), SAS (Special Air Service), HRT (Hostage Rescue Team), and GSG-9 (Grenshutzgruppe 9).  The team's mission is to effectively resolve terrorist situations world-wide.<BR>   The setting is modern day.  Although Clancy wrote this novel in the late 90's, the equipment that Rainbow uses is still currently used in real Counter-Terrorism teams today, except the Heart Beat Sensor, which is purely theoretical.  However their equipment which includes H&amp;K MP-10s, flash bangs, NVG (Night Vision), infrared, Primacord explosive, and tactical radios are all very real and all used today.<BR>   In the novel, Clancy uses a plain, straight-forward style of writing.  He also is very descriptive.  His descriptions include thoughts and feelings of both Terrorists and Counter-Terrorists.  He offers an insight on our recent tragedy by letting us into the minds of the terrorists within his novel.  Of all the descriptions, most memorable are his bullet impacts.  For example, he details how a headshot from a sniper's 7mm bullet leaves a bloody mess.  I believe he uses these descriptionsto symbolize the horror that terrorism aims to create, and in many cases succeeds in doing so.<BR>    I am not an avid reader; however I felt that I could not put this book down.  I am very interested in the area of Counter-Terrorism and have done personal studies on the subject, so naturally this book appealed to me.  However, if you enjoy reading books or novels full of action, excitement, suspense, and emotion, read Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six, and I guarantee you will like it.
078401020X|5.0|After reading user MOUSEENEER'S review, boy am I glad I didn't wait for the uncut version, although I had it on Laserdisc, I didn't feel like it added that much more scope to the film, the only thing that is different is the murder scene at the beginning is a little more graphic, Michael Douglas & Sharon Stone's sex scene is a little more revealing,(he performs oral sex on her that is quite vivid), other than that this film is the same as the R-version,this is one hell of a psychological roller-coaster ride, but it is a good one, it may be perceived as a sex movie, but it is a police thriller that keeps you guessing till the end, & still your not sure who the killer is, it has been said in the media that Douglas & Stone hated each other on this film(that they could not get along)although you can't tell  by watching, it would not be hard to believe, given the ego's of both Douglas & Stone, despite this, it is a very good police thriller that should not be ignored, & Sharon Stone looks her best here, I can't honestly say now, since she cut off her long blond hair(not wise)but here she shines as Catherine Trammel, a role that Julia Roberts turned down,Stone is perfect here & this will always be her best role.
B00003W8NM|1.0|The film starts out with plenty of excellent ideas, but by the time it's half-way over, they are all abandoned in favor of sheer brutality.  Norton is excellent as usual, but Pitt's wacko acting style really only worked in Terry Gilliam's '12 Monkeys.'  Visually it's impressive, but otherwise it's just plain empty.  Fincher is definitely not a great director; it seems very hard for him to create a balance of visuals and story.  It's about 90% visual, 10% actual film, so it comes off as VERY prentious and plodding.  If a movie that has a balance between brilliant cinematogaphy and story is what you want, watch any Ridley Scott or Francis Ford Copolla film.  Like I said, Fight Club has plenty of good ideas, but it's just not done right.
6305364648|3.0|Although released in 1994, This is Arnold's last movie to pass the 100 million mark, not sure Eraser did, I could be wrong, anyway this film has enough action to satisfy most, but in my opinion has a weak story, the concept of Arnold being a spy & concealing it from his wife(Jamie Lee Curtis) is out there, but a neat concept nonetheless, I don't hate this film, but I don't feel like it is his best work,i mean, do Arnold & Curtis actually have chemistry??, I'm not sure, & Bill Paxton who has done better films is totally out of place here, I mean this film gets off to a good start, but loses credibility once he is introduced, I know director James Cameron was trying to show Curtis' secret life too, but it just doesn't seem to work, Arnold's growing fustration about her possible affair is out of place for a character who just escaped being killed numerous times, I don't know what Cameron & Schwarzenegger were trying to accomplish with this part of the movie, it just doesn't fit in my opinion, there is one scene where Arnold & sidekick Tom Arnold, who is surprisingly funny capture Curtis & Paxton, under disguise of course & interrogate Curtis in a sealed room with a two-way mirror, Curtis unaware of Arnold's secret life is asked all kinds of personal questions about her love for her husband, a situation every man probably wishes they could do every once in awhile, but the scene drags!!!, eventually Curtis discovers the truth & naturally the fun begins, the last 45 minutes are the best this movie has to offer, with explosions, Rambo-like action & cliffhanging sequences, the best being the very end when Arnold pilots a Jet plane to Miami to rescue his daughter who has been kidnapped by (ike!) terrorist(the villians of this movie)although their deaths are somewhat funny, it is hard to watch given recent events, but it is satisfying watching them get kicked by Arnold, not a bad film, just uneven!!!!
0679720200|4.0|I think that Albert Camus did a great job at letting its readers get into the mind of the main character in his novel The Stranger.  The Stranger takes us through the daily life of Meursault, who is a man that lacks ambition for life and cares very little about the actions that he takes in his life.  The novel starts out with Meursault receiving notice of his mother's death.  His reaction to this is very out of the ordinary, because he doesn't have a reaction.  He thinks that his mother's death will not change anything in his life.  That scene, and the next scene in the novel lead me to believe that this man does not have any ambition and lacks self-confidence.  The next scene involves Meursault shooting an Arab on the beach in which he killed for no apparent reason.  Killing the Arab makes his life take a turn for the worst.  He ends up going to jail and goes on trial to serve the death penalty.  His lack of ambition and will to live makes this novel interesting as it takes you on a journey for the rest of his life.
B00003CXAA|3.0|We're all adults.  Shouldn't we be able to buy each Godfather film separately?  Honestly, the set costs $...  Do you really want Godfather III?  Of course not, but you're essentially forced to buy it because you can't get the other two without buying the whole set.  In the long run, we'll all buy the set anyway.  But it just seems silly that you can't buy each film on its own.<br />It's a raw deal unworthy of the best American movie ever made, the orginal \\"Godfather.\\"  It's the best because, simply put, it's more entertaining than \\"Citizen Kane.\\"  And it's better than Part II because it illustrates the dramatic change in Michael Corleone's character.  That's what's at the heart of the original, and that makes it a fascinating character study in and of itself (on top of everything else, of course).  Part II is, essentially, an exploration into Michael's descent into evil.  But without that transformation of character, the film lags a bit over its gargantuan length.  You tend to yearn for more of De Niro's scenes as the younger Don Corleone.  Yet Part II is terminably watchable, as much so as its predecessor.<br />As for Part III, it feels even more like it's been tacked on, unnecessarily, to the original.  I'd rather have my own imagination to envision the string playing out for the entire Corleone family, and the inexplicable addition of George Hamilton to the film series makes the Part III even sillier.<br />In the end, it's all about the first two films, and you shouldn't have to pay through the nose for an extra film you don't want.  Shame, shame, shame.
B000000W5B|5.0|THIS IS ONE OF ROLLING STONES BEST ALBUMS.THE BEST ROCK N ROLL BAND THAT EVER EXISTED.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Clerks was made on a low budget and it shows, but it's still much more enjoyable, witty, smart, and hilarious than numerous movies on a big budget. The movie follows a day in the lives of two &quot;clerks&quot;, one in a convience store (Dante) and one in the &quot;crappy video store&quot; (Randall). The story centers around Dante's troubled love life: he's has a girlfriend he loves (Veronica), but he longs for an ex-girlfriend (Caitlin) who cheated on him numerous times. Dante finds out his ex is engaged and tries desperately to find out if it's true and why he wasn't informed before hand. In the midst of this, Randall and Dante discuss Star Wars, make clever observations on life and the world around them, go to a wake that ends with Dante and Randall being chased out of the funeral home by a mob of angry guests, play hockey on the convience store roof, and put up with some clueless and annoying customers (&quot;You expect me to drink this coffee hot?&quot;).<br />The dialog from writer/director Kevin Smith carries the movie as there is little action, but it works. You get a sense that the characters are real people as opposed to many movies in which the characters are empty and emotionless. Dante and Randall are smart and witty, and you get the sense that they have some kind of great talent that they don't know what to do with. Dante is especially unsure of what he wants to do with his life, and it takes Randall to point him towards the source of his problems. Anyone who has worked retail (including me) can relate to some of the annoying customers and how at times the job can become mind-numbingly and painfully boring. <br />I will not spoil the most notable scene for those that haven't seen the film. It happens off screen, but will still leave you with a look of shock when you find out what happened. Clerks is not for those who are easily offended by strong language or those uncomfortable with talk about sex (including &quot;snowballing&quot; and deadly means ofself-gratification). But the movie works without resorting to crude, sickening humor. And of course, the infamous Jay and Silent Bob make their debut. This is a must-see for Kevin Smith fans and a great place to start if you want to get into Kevin Smith's work.
B00003CXHJ|3.0|The movie is fake and unrealistic. Sub's couldn't fire underwater at each other. Firing a few Torpedo's at the front BOW of a destoryer is the hardest shot to make, and unlikely to be made by these goofballs. They also couldn't just jump in a German submarine and know how to use it just like that. What a insult to German U-Boat veterans. German's are the best Submariners in the world. By 1943 the German's didn't really have any Destroyers left, there navy was pretty much destroyed besides the hundreds of U-boats. This could have been a great realistic WW2 movie but blew it because of &quot;Hollyweird&quot;. About as lame as the new &quot;Pearl Harbor&quot; movie.
B00005JKHP|5.0|It would seem the Star Trek series has something else to celebrate other then it's 35 years.The fact that it's ahead of Star Wars by putting every single theatrical release on DVD , <BR>when Star Wars is only getting a mere 1 release on DVD.This <BR>version if you appreciate this movie is a far cry from the <BR>basic video it has the director's cut that never got into <BR>the theatres because of length and while there's no action <BR>for the many Star Trek buff's the special effects more then<BR>make up for the dramatic premise.It is a huge epic film this<BR>first entry incredible photographic effects ,stunning models<BR>especally for the enterprise and it's huge 6 minute entrence.<br />   The story begins at the front line of a battle with a <BR>klingon vessel and huge alien energy cloud that engulfs <BR>the ships.When a major attack on a starfleet command base<BR>Kirk is called to pilot the newly refurbished enterprise<BR>but many of the shipmates aboard do not think he's fit to<BR>lead the enterprise to encounter this energy cloud.Until <BR>Spock comes aboard to help them to speed up there quest<BR>to intercept the alien cloud.But when they do they find <BR>that it's more then just a cloud it's a vessel and it's <BR>a threat to the entire planet earth and to starfleet <BR>command in this epic first entry in the star trek film<BR>franchise that paves the way for it's 8 other sequels to <BR>come.<br />    This edition has theatrical trailers and deleted<BR>scenes to make a 2 hr and 25 minute film magically into<BR>Braveheart length 3hrs and 5 minutes so if you felt like<BR>film had a sore case of jet lag your going to love this <BR>version and may as well quit worrying about when it will <BR>end cause it's alot longer then it's video version.<br />   However if you like this movie and do not mind the added <BR>scenes in the film it has enough options to make you spend <BR>hours in front of the screen and if you appreciate that then it's a real treat so grab alot ofyour favorite beverage and<BR>enough snacks for an epic length movie and get ready for the <BR>most expensive film of 1979 and the first entry in the film <BR>series.And for those Star Trek buffs now you can complete <BR>your Star Trek film home marathon, live long and prosper.
B000002H6C|5.0|The last good album prior to changing their name to SellOut-tica. Love the album and the songs on it, ...And Justice for All, One, To Live is to Die; awesome songs from the awesome Metallica I once knew.
B00005QIPH|2.0|The most appropriately titled album of the year. <br />Okay, it's not that it's a BAD album, it's just a little wanting for ideas. Hopefully, they'll be able to ignore the hype (and inevitable backlash) and write something a little less self-conscious next time out.
630018403X|5.0|This is a film that everyone should see. It was very entertaining. the actors were great and enjoyable. Now i know why this movie is always repeatedly shown on networks like TBS, TNT, and the WB. It is a classic that people of all future generations would like. This is a film that you would want to see over and over again (seriously, IT'S THAT GOOD!). <BR>BUY IT NOW!
630522577X|4.0|The My Fair Lady DVD delievers in almost all ways, most importantly with crisp gorgeous restored images and a &quot;loverly&quot; soundtrack. This was though, available on the LaserDisk, and the DVD is not really an improvement upon it.<br />Special features include a very interesting commentary by those involved in the film, including the singing voice for Eliza Dolittle, and cut scenes where Hepburn actually sings her own part. There is also trailers and a My Fair Lady promontional included. I was dissapionted that above these standard features which are almost always on a DVD, nothing special was there. I would have liked to more information on costume and set design, (maybe costume sketches) or historical information about the musical on stage and film.<br />But, if you are looking for the best quality version of a quality musical, the DVD is certainly your best bet.
B000056K04|3.0|I've been a fan of DMB for a few years and have the past albums.  This cd is good, but very unlike any of their other music.  With a new producer (Glen Ballard), I think this is natural, but I personally miss the old music.  The songs that could go instrumental for 2 mins, the power, the emotion...Now it seems they had to cram all of that into 3 minute, radio friendly songs.  The music is still good, the lyrics are still right on...It's just that, if you're a die hard fan of the old Dave, you may be disappointed.  I actually thought I wouldn't like the cd at all, because of all the changes.  But, there is a lot of good content (esp the title track and &quot;Mother Father&quot;).  <br />So, check out the cd for yourself.  Listen to it not for what you expect, have an open mind.  It's good music, as it always has been.
B00004ZELJ|5.0|I previously owned this on VHS and I thought that was great..well, let me say that it's even better on DVD! The sound is excellent, despite what some people might be saying on here, the guys sound and look great..this is my favorite DVD out of all the ones that they have ever made because it shows the guys up close and they each get a chance to shine on their own with a solo that perfectly showcases the talent of each of the guys.  Don't listen to the bad reviews, this is worth owning.
014028009X|4.0|This book always intrigued me since it came out, but for awhile, I refused to read it.  To me, it seemed the typical &quot;Girly Novel&quot;, something women read while drying their nails.  <br />I was wrong.  My urges outvoted my head and I bought the book.  From the first page, I could not put it down...thw more I read, the faster I came to a terrible conclusion:  I AM Bridget Jones.  She IS me.  The airheaded ways she sometimes goes about things, her over-reaction to life's problems, her genuine &quot;womenness&quot;...it's all me.  I just don't smoke or drink like she does...But, the weight issues, yeah, right here--That's me!<br />This book is very well written by a talented writer.  I have since read the sequel and it is equally as good.  Just follows like you never even changed books.  Reading BJD is like a homecoming, like talking with an old friend...everyone needs a friend as crazy as Bridget!  Get this book, read it more than once, and then make sure all of your friends read it, too.
B00004Z459|5.0|I first heard Linkin Park on MTV, with their first single, One Step Closer. I loved it. Of course i bought the album which totally raised to the expectations. A great piece of work that i recommend to all real music lovers out there.<br />First let me get one thing straight, to a reviewer that said that if you like Limp Bizkit you will also like Linkin Park. Totally false. The only common thing between these two bands is that they both sing &quot;rock music&quot;. But rock music is huge and the styles of LP and LB are totally different.<br />Unlike Limp Bizkit (a band that i also love), Linkin Park is heavier (when it comes to sound), more original (perfect combination between so many types of music), and, the most important thing, much wiser. Listen to the great lyrics and you'll know what i mean.<br />The CD kicks off with Papercut, the band's third single, a rap metal song combining Mike's great passages with Chester's amazing voice. Still this song doesn't materialize completely Chester's talent, he kind of raps himself during the chorus, and the instrumental passages aren't the best. 7/10.<br />Then comes One Step Closer - one of the best songs on the CD. A hypnotic song that you can never get bored of, with an inspiring chorus and a perfect passage in which Chester screams &quot;Shut up when i'm talking to you&quot;, on the well built rythms of DJ Joseph Hahn - 9.5/10.<br />With You, the third song, is also brilliant, check out the lyrics, very cool, and the chorus, which sticks to your brain and you won't ever get bored of it. 9/10<br />Points of authority is doubtlessly the worst song on the album, i always skip it because except Mike's short rap passage it doesn't bring anything new or original. 6/10<br />Crawling was the band's biggest hit here in Romania, a great song that probably needs no presentation right now, after it spent the whole summer on MTV and the other music channels. 9/10<br />Runaway is, just like Pushing Me Away, a song with almost no rapping, just Chester showing his great skills, plus a short passage that reminded me of KoRn. 8.5/10<br />By Myself amazes especially by the lyrics, sometimes even poetic. The chorus is pretty dull and boring once you've listened to it a few times. 7.5/10<br />In The End is the best song of the album. It already has a video so you should all know it by now... simply awesome. 10/10<br />Then comes A Place For My Head, the song that definetely should've been a single. Fast paced, original, full of great guitar riffs and rap passages. All the qualities for a big hit. 9.5/10<br />Forgotten surprises by the hardcore chorus and the lyrics, a pleasant song but should've been situated earlier in the album. 8/10<br />A Cure For The Itch is an electronic song created by Joseph Hahn, with no voice, just rythms. 8/10<br />Pushing Me Away is a great way to end the album, and leaves you wanting more and more..... well maybe next time. 8.5/10<br />So go on and buy it!!!!
B0000025ZF|1.0|This has got to be one of the worst albums i've ever heard in my life. It's about as pleasing to the ear as listening to a cat in a blender. The melodies were explosively boring and repeated so often that i was convinced i was stuck in some kind of time rift; you know, like in that movie Groundhog's Day.<br />I feel I have made an unfair comparison in my title. At least ALW uses decent singers on his outtakes. Waters sounded like he had been suffering from severe constipation before recording this album. As for Clapton's Guitar playing; it was incredible, as always, but didn't come close to saving this lost cause.<br />In closing I would recommend anyone who is not completely tone-deaf and has even the smallest inclination of taste to stay as far away from this road-accident of an album as possible.<br />Man, it was really that bad.
B000002C4J|5.0|My friend Autumn she let me borrow her &quot;Let's talk about love&quot; CD and when I listened to it at home I loved it, some of my favorite tracks are, &quot;Treat Her Like A Lady&quot; &quot;Why Oh Why&quot; &quot;Love Is On The Way&quot; &quot;When I Need You&quot; &quot;Just A Little Bit Of Love&quot; &quot;Titanic Theme&quot; &quot;Let's Talk About Love&quot; I actully recorded them onto a blank tape of mine=) Coz that's how good they're!!!!!So even if you don't have this CD yet borrow it from a friend coz it's so great and here's what i'am going to do i'm going to get my own &quot;Let's Talk About Love&quot; CD soon=)also instead if you want buy this CD even if you don't know some of the tracks at first:)!
0399146253|1.0|\\"The Last Precinct\\" was, unfortunately, the first Cornwell book I have read--and will most likely be the last.  This rambling, plotless narrative contains a [plot] so inane and preposterous that it makes the wilder Kennedy assassination ...theories seem highly plausable.  Maybe all this would have been clearer had I read the previous Scarpetta editions--but somehow I doubt it.  Perhaps Cornwell has used up the Scarpetta character and should consider jettisoning her for a fresher approach and set of characters. This novel is, at best, plodding and dull, with Cornwell's substantial knowledge of forensic techniques taking priority over an engaging plot.
B00005QW5X|5.0|BRILLIANTLY directed. Perfectly acted.  Beautiful &amp; kitschy (is that how you spell that).  Did i mention the music..AMAZING. Its's a movie that you do not neccessarily love when you're seeing it because of the, at times disturbing nature, but you leave the movie theater a different person.  The DVD will have to be brilliant and is #1 on my wishlist.
B00005QW5X|5.0|BRILLIANTLY directed. Perfectly acted.  Beautiful &amp; kitschy (is that how you spell that).  Did i mention the music..AMAZING. Its's a movie that you do not neccessarily love when you're seeing it because of the, at times disturbing nature, but you leave the movie theater a different person.  The DVD will have to be brilliant and is #1 on my wishlist.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|I have been waiting for years for Bob to put out one of these type Albums! Totally spectacular! Love it!<BR> The beat is Fabulous! The words as always are Bob's.<BR>I love how he wrote about Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum.<BR>My kids 13, 11, and 9 get up and dance to &quot;Summer Days&quot;<BR>and they get a kick of the words to &quot;Po' Boy&quot;. This is the album that will get your kids listening to the music you like.<BR>  Thank You Bob for one of your best ever!
0811828697|3.0|The Wildlife of Star Wars is a Audubon-like field guide to the creatures and species of many of the classic and episode I-II planets.<br />The illustrations are lavish watercolor-type drawings including several views of each creature--parents with their young, face on, running in their environment, etc.  Some include internal drawings of internal systems.<br />Text is somewhat sparse, but I do feel that too much text would have drawn the attention away from the superb illustrations.<br />Drawings are extremely well done, but the list price seems somewhat high.  The cover and backing look quite sturdy and the pages are of high quality paper.  ....
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Bob is like fine wine and gets better with age.<BR>I do not care what anyone says. I like his voice more today<BR>then I ever have. My favorite would have to be &quot;Mississippi&quot; although my children get up and dance to &quot;Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum&quot;. And they get a kick out of how he sings &quot;Po'Boy&quot;.<BR>They love the words too and asked if he had grandchildren. Hehehehe. Which made me wonder? Was he thinking of kids to a certain degree when he wrote some of these songs?  Very well done Bob Wow! Your fanyastic!
6305546789|4.0|Barely on top of all comedy movies, horror is my favorite genre of movies. But, what I don't like about all horror movies, the sequels are terrible! I rented the first Halloween last weekend, and it was very good. But then I rented the rest of the series during the weekdays and I got to admit, Halloween H20 and Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers were pretty scary. But, they didn't have elaborate murders like Halloween 1 did and they didn't have that good of a story. So, if you like Horror movies a lot, get Halloween 1 and if you want to know what happens, rent or purchase the sequels and see Halloween: The Homecoming coming out this Spring.
B00003CXAA|5.0|this is the best collection of dvd's to own. you can't beat a dvd set with two of the best movie's ever included and the third godfather is very good too. a must have.
B00003CXMG|2.0|This movie was obviously put out in a year of some pretty weak movies.  The fact that this movie was actually nominated for awards is beyond explanation.  Let's talk about Kate Hudson (you know she is Goldie Hawn's daughter - make me puke). I cannot believe she was nominated for an award - for what?  She is an empty suit.  I've seen better acting from the Olsen twins.  I guess it is good to be related to the right people.  This movie has one interesting angle, the start of a journalist's career.  Other than that, I think everybody should face the fact that this movie was supposed to be a view of the &quot;wild and decadent 70's&quot; and was nothing more than a poorly acted (Kate Hudson, Jason Lee) hollywood production - nothing decadent about it.  The Soundtrack - big deal - listen to any classical rock station for more than an hour and I guarantee you will hear the entire soundtrack - nothing special.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is my best CD.  Numetal is ... considered good in the eyes of many people, but is is just about the only genre I listen to, besides some Weird Al Yankovic stuff.  (He is the 2nd greatest singer of all time because Linkin Park is best).  I was a pretty big Limp Bizkit fan for about a year.  I just couldn't stand them after they had not done anything new in a year!  Linkin Park is on tour, and they are still trying their best to get another CD out.  I think that they show a lot of committment because they have been on a huge tour.  Overall, an awesome album that it should be ILLEGAL NOT TO HAVE!!!  It is also one of the dozen CD's you can actually listen to all the way through.
B00002MZ2T|4.0|One of their biggest strengths are ballads so it's not surprising that they included alot of them in this album.  Love the songs but wish they added more rock stuff.  Love the singer's voice!
B000003N7K|5.0|With this CD, originally recorded in 1963, a triad of ballad albums by Coltrane was complete. This completes a series of ballad albums that were preceded by &quot;Ballads&quot; and &quot;Duke Ellington and John Coltrane&quot; all excellent in theiir own right. Of the three this is the furthest departure for Coltrane as it is more of a Hartman CD. Make no doubt that Coltrane is featured but he accentuates and compliments the velvety voice of Hartman rather than dominating the overall sound. With the exception of &quot;Autumn Serenade&quot;, where Coltrane stretches the limits slightly, Hartman is the star and Coltrane is the featured sideman. The &quot;voice&quot; of Coltrane echoes in soft and suttle refrain, mimicking and adding texture to the crooning of the Billy Eckstine-esque Johnny Hartman. When Coltrane takes over he refrains from overpowering but rather creates beautiful interludes. All of the songs are superb and fine examples of ballads from another era. They almost sound corny but the inherent beauty is something that must be taken seriously as it is heartfelt and rapturous. The vocal stylings are simply top notch. If I had to pick one song that is a standout it would be &quot;Lush Life,&quot; which Trane previously recorded, but it is unlike this vocal version. The soft sax that eventually takes it's turn is a double-timed repitition of the lyrics previously crooned by Hartman and swings gently but energetically. Buy this for a change of pace on your CD player. It is only six songs  and definitely old school. If your not able to keep a fire lit with these torch songs you might want to see a doctor. Recommended for people who feel romanticism never goes out of style.
B000002VQQ|5.0|Ms. Smith is an original. She fills the shoes left behind by Jim Morrison nicely. This was not a commercial product and how it ever got released by a major label seems miraculous by today's standards. Pure and powerful in all of it's narcissistic glory!<BR>&quot;Horses, horses, coming in, in all directions&quot;.
B00004XMV6|2.0|I thought it was rather boring myself. All they did was have sensual sex, and so what?. I wasn't excited over this movie at all. I guess it was suppose to be an erotic thriller, but to me it .... To be honest 2 stars is really being too kind.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road is the only c.d. by the Beatles that I own, and that is fine with me!!! I hear enough of their &quot;hits&quot; on the oldies station.<br />This is definitive!!! Forget the singles album, This is one of those c.d.'s that I would take on a deserted island.  I love every single song on this album.  It's a perfect Beatles album and a must for every fan !!!!!  This is a true classic...Paul, John, George, and Ringo are all great genuises of rock and roll because of their amazing writing and performing....<br />The Beatles Rock!!
0440211727|5.0|Classic Grisham.  A great story.  Lots of human interest.  This story shows that justice is not always black and white... much falls into a gray area.
B00003CX9E|5.0|There is a reason Citizen Kane appears somewhere on just about everyone's Top 10 List of all-time great movies, and it isn't that movie reviewers and movie lovers have gone sappy &amp; sentimental or &quot;politically correct&quot; in their estimation of this film.  It is simply because it is still, over half a century later, an astonishing piece of work.  Absolutely stunning, using every trick &amp; device ever invented in movie making, and coming at them with such freshness and originality, decontructing and reconstructing them into something new &amp; unique, that the word &quot;genius&quot; was invented to describe such efforts.<br />I dislike how that word genius is bandied about so much today describing everything from gifted natural athletes to clever comedians and politicians.  I rarely use it myself.  But, if this wasn't a work of genius, I don't know what would qualify.  This is such a grown-up movie, telling an archetypal American story, but with brilliance in every frame and every line of dialogue.  Is is so mature a work, made under the strictures of the Hayes code, that it makes most of what we see today, without virtually any limits, look like the work of children.<br />AND it was made with such economy!  Really a low-budget project, through sheer brilliance a Big Story is told modestly, without a wasted shot or line of dialogue, by terrific editing and intelligent construction.  Intelligence is what you see everywhere in Citizen Kane, especially in its humor...and funny it is as well.<br />I could go on, but why bother? If you don't &quot;get it&quot; if you find it &quot;boring&quot; nothing I say will change your mind.  I will say this, if that is  your reaction, you know nothing about film-making.  Citizen Kane is an exhaustive primer in brilliant film-making.  Welles threw in the kitchen sink!  That it was a 25 year old's first movie , while not important to your enjoyment or appreciation of the film, is finally just awsome.  The continual inventiveness in scene after scene is dizzying.<br />The DVD has lots of goodies.  An excellent documentary on the background of the struggle to make and release the film and William Randolph Hearst's (somewhat understandable) effort to destroy it.  There are comments and even regrets by Welles...he was a young man tearing down an old man and there is cruelty in it.  There are 2 very different and excellent commentary tracks by Peter Bogdanovich and Roger Ebert.  The former more a friend's recollections, the latter an intense analysis of the art of the film-making.  All in all, a very nice package.<br />The restored film is beautiful.<br />One of my oldest memories is sitting in front of a B&amp;W television mesmerized by the opening of Citizen Kane.  I must have been 10, and I don't recall if I watched it all, and certainly wouldn't have understood it all, but I was completely entranced by the sheer look of the film.  I had never seen anything like it.  It was pure Magic!  And &quot;magic&quot; it remains to film lovers the world over.  Nuff said.iveness in scene after scene is dizzying.<br />The DVD has lots of goodies.  An excellent documentary on the background of the struggle to make and release the film and William Randolph Hearst's (somewhat understandable) effort to destroy it.  There are comments and even regrets by Welles...he was a young man tearing down an old man and there is cruelty in it.  There are 2 very different and excellent commentary tracks by Peter Bogdanovich and Roger Ebert.  The former more a friend's recollections, the latter an intense analysis of the art of the film-making.  All in all, a very nice package.<BR>The restored film is beautiful.<br />One of my oldest memories is sitting in front of a B&amp;W television mesmerized by the opening of Citizen Kane.  I must have been 10, and I don't recall if I watched it all, and certainly wouldn't have understood it all, but I was completely entranced by the sheer look of the film.  I had never seen anything like it.  It was pure Magic!  And &quot;magic&quot; it remains to film lovers the world over.  Nuff said.
B00000HZFH|5.0|This CD grows on you. Listen to it a few times, and you will know why Doug is the second coming of Niel Young.
B00005OAIE|5.0|i absolutely love this man. he has an incredible voice and is very talented on his guitar. i first heard him a few weeks ago when my friend burnt me a CD with a few of his songs on it such as: &quot;why Georgia&quot;, &quot;your body&quot;, and &quot;neon&quot; after listening to those songs over and over again, i knew i had to get this CD. if you like dave matthews(whom i love) then you'll definately be in for a treat with this CD..its wonderful. i hope he makes it big soon!!!
B00003CXP1|1.0|If you've seen Traffic, don't bother watching Requiem for a Dream. The story? A few people have dreams of living a better life, but are ruined by drug abuse. The End. Near unwatchable. And I didn't even get to see Jennifer Connelly's wonderful breasts!
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This is just about the best movie ever made. It's my favorite animated movie and this DVD edition is simply amazing. There's more info on here than I know what to do with, the picture and sound are as lovely as ever and the xtras are wonderfull! You have to get this one kids!! If you were wondering whether it's as good as it looks, it is! There are alot of cameos by animators and actors and Roy and Walt themselves are all here, it really is an emersive experience. It's one of the best DVDs of the year so far, until Dumbo comes out that is! hi ho hi ho...
B00005MP58|5.0|This is possibly one of the best made-for-tv movies ever written. The adaptation of the book brings all of Jane Austin's  characters to life, and make you believe they really might have lived once.  Colin Firth is by far everything you would imagine Mr. Darcy to be.
B000002KIE|1.0|Don't let the corporate media trick you into thinking that this album is REAL rebellion. Everything that is supposedly good about the Pistols was done much better (and in some cases, earlier) by countless other bands that didn't have the same media hype surrounding them. I absolutely DEFY ANY PERSON to listen to this album back-to-back with:<BR>The first Bad Brains album. The Pistols may have said it before, but the Brains said it with much more talent and finnesse.<BR>Damned - Damned, Damned, Damned. Came out BEFORE the Bollocks. Also, unlike the Pistols, the Damned didn't pretend to be political (a shrewd trick to make money by duping the disenfranchised). Plus they could actually PLAY their instruments.<BR>Black Flag - The First Four Years. Way &quot;snottier&quot; than the Pistols while also being more musically interesting. Their first singer, Keith Morris, made John Lydon sound like a neutered David Cassidy.<BR>Germs - GI. Not only is the music on this album ten times better than on Bollocks (are we starting to see the trend here?), the lyrics are MUCH more thought-provoking and focused.<BR>Even relatively over-rated bands like the Clash and the Ramones blew the Pistols out of the water. The Stooges, the New York Dolls, the MC5, hell - even Blue Cheer said it first and said it better. The ONLY thing that stands out about the Sex Pistols is that they had a better publicist. In reality, it's just safe rock and roll that The Man would rather you listen to than REAL revolutionary music.
0553274503|5.0|Flowers for Algernon is about Charles Gordon, a man in his early 30's who is one of the more bright retards.  Written from Charles point of view, this book is full of Progress Reports; full of Charles' thoughts and feelings. After his operation, we begin to see him as he progresses with his intelligence.  <br />We begin to see that, as Charles gets more intelligent, and the more he begins to understand his surroundings, and the people he thought were his friends were making fun of him; he becomes more irrational, and his thoughts start to focus on his studies more than on his surroundings.  I believe this to be true of all of us; the more intelligence we receive, the more detached we become of our friends and family, feeling that all small conversation is lost, and that long, deep conversation are lost on them, for they do not understand.  <br />It becomes astonishingly evident as we progress - along with Charles - through this book, that society outcasts its retards along with its more intelligent individuals.  Society laughs at the slower ones, seeing them not as human beings, but as carpets they can wipe their feet on as they pass by them; while fearing the more intelligent: whether the ones with more education will steal their jobs, or that when they are talking with these human beings, they feel inferior.  Either way, they expect more of the underlings, and look for the overlings to fall.<br />You gain awareness - as with Charles - that he is gradually losing his intelligence, as the end of the book comes into play.  After Charles becomes smart enough to hold his own in a conversation, he begins to see women in a whole different light; beautiful, loving women, with incredible bodies.  He falls in love with his old teacher, and she reciprocates his love in the full form.  But, his inner Charles ( the old Charles, the retarded Charles) will not let him get near to his one love, he is too afraid and panics.  As his love for women moves along and passes, he gradually, but more evidently begins to lose his intelligence, although he tries with surprising vigor to maintain it.  <br />This book is a very good for your self-conscience and inner child.  After you finish this book, take a look at yourself, and how you take for granted each day that you can read and write.  As you take advantage each day of your life by not reading just once!  I've been in the mind of one less intelligent than myself, and I loath myself for not taking advantage of the books and education that was put in front of me.  Their is a million worlds out their that we can enter into, but we choose not to; pioneers have paved that road for us, it takes our determination to enter onto that road and travel it until the end, then at the end of that road, enter into the next one, and follow through with it until the end.
B00003CXSP|5.0|Whatever was left to your imagination in the original Silence of the Lambs, they bring to full bloody, horrifying gore in this the second movie. Because now that Hannibal has been out on the loose for a decade director Ridley Scott had to have him live up to the hype created in the first movie. The movie Hannibal did offer an interesting plot, although it was quite simple, as a faceless man throughout the movie is hunting Hannibal wanting revenge for making him faceless. This faceless man uses an unknowing Agent Starling (now played by Julianne Moore) as a decoy to lure Hannibal out of hiding. Great stuff, however you may have to close your eyes for several parts of the movie due to the unnecessary gore. Meanwhile, the DVD features include documentaries, outtakes, deleted scenes, and enough movie trailers to think you watched the movie from the trailers.
0767849493|5.0|Take it from a future minister - this movie is DEFINITELY worth watching and buying.  Yeah, that's right.  After college, I plan on going to seminary and becoming a minister (not Catholic - I couldn't handle the celibacy thing).  You know what?  This was an excellent movie about the (amazingly enough) dogma of the church and how it has become corrupted over the years.  Jerry Falwell and all like him - stick that in your pipe and smoke it!  I'm a pro-life, conservative Republican from an extremely conservative background and I FREAKIN' LOVED THIS MOVIE!  Kevin Smith proved once more his directoral talent and faced the Spanish Inquisition Pt. II because of it.  It teaches an amazing amount about the church and makes some excellent points.  If you think it sacriligeous - why don't you try going to church and actually paying attention to some of the stuff that happens there?
B00004Z459|5.0|Hybrid Theory is one of the best albums in a LONG time. Linkin Park has put different types of music together to create a sound that is all their own, and that sound is what makes the cd so worth the price. Unlike many modern rock groups, Linkin Park doesn't have to swear in their music to make an incredible album. I'd have to say that every single song on this cd is worthy of a round of applause. Brad's guitar skills, Rob's drumming, Joe's work with the turntables, and Chester and Mike's vocals make this album one worth everybody's attention. So all in all, HYBRID THEORY ROCKS!
0811828697|5.0|From the fertile imaginations of Whitlatch and Carrau comes this immense coffee-table book. This book is a detailed bestiary<BR>of the living creatures that inhabit the planets of George Lucas's Star Wars saga. Rendered beautifully in color and formatted in the style of a naturalist's field journal. <BR>the book showcases animals seen in the films and (finally) gives<BR>images to other creatures formerly only described in print.<BR>Mating habits, social interractions, hunting techniques, and<BR>life cycles of Banthas, Dewbacks, Rancors,and Kadus are shown.<BR>As well as others who only made brief appearances or just named in print such as: Womp Rats, Nerfs, or that trash compacter Monster (Dianoga) which I finally saw what that eye belonged to.<BR>Fauna are represented planet by planet and each new world gives<BR>a brief but informative introduction on the ecosystem. <BR>This lavishly illustrated and beautifully rendered book makes a<BR>excellent companion to the Illustrated Star Wars universe. As well as the books of the conceptual art. For any fan this is an<BR>essential volume and a most welcomed addition to one's personal<BR>library. A pity that George Lucas does have an introductory<BR>statement printed to acknowledge or at the very least give kudos to the splendid work Terryl Whitlatch and Bob Carrau have done in giving form and life to the creatures that inhabit his universe.
B00004XONN|4.0|You can tell true brilliance when a band never sticks to the same sound throughout its' album.  Radiohead once again proves they're really a talented bunch.  They go to areas of music that they hinted towards before, but never really ventured so deeply.  The soothing ambient tracks and the relaxing rock tracks really make this cd enjoying.  Alas, Thom Yorke's lyrical and vocal prowess definitely puts the head on the nail for this cd.  Even with the great soothing musical tracks, Yorke's mark really makes this cd so much better.
B000002UAI|3.0|Everyone  calls  this  the  worst  Beatles  album  ever.  This  however  is  NOT  TRUE!  I  give  it  3  and  a  1/2  stars.  The  lyrics  are  more  mature  than  on  the  A  Hard  Day's  Night  album.  In  the  case  of  the  first  3  songs  on  Beatles  for  Sale  this  is  definitely  so,  especially  with  &quot;I'm  a  Loser&quot;.  &quot;Rock  and  Roll  Music&quot;  is  a  great  cover  in  the  spirit  of  &quot;Dizzy  Miss  Lizzy&quot;  on  the  Help!  album.  &quot;I'll  Follow  the  Sun&quot;  is  very  pretty,  but  like  &quot;Do  You  Want  to  Know  a  Secret&quot;  on  the  Please  Please  me  album,  it's  too  short.  &quot;Mr.  Moonlight&quot;  is  not,  I  repeat,  NOT  the  worst  Beatles  song  of  all  time!  First  of  all,  its  not  a Beatles  song  because  they  didn't  write  it.  And  second,  if  it  sounds  dumb  its  supposed  to:  Its  a  parody!  John  Lennon  just  sonds  tired  on  it.  &quot;Eight  Day's  a  Week  is  definitely  the  best  song  on  the  album  because  it's   the  catchiest.  &quot;Honey  Don't&quot;  is  so  far  Ringo  Starr's  best  vocal  performance.  &quot;I  Don't  Want  to  Spoil  the  Party&quot;  is,  in  a  word,  BORING.  Again,  they  sound  tired.  And  &quot;Everybody's  Trying  to  be  my  Baby&quot;  is  the  worst  cover  on  the  album.  George  Harrison's  voice  had  far  too  much  echo  applied  to    it.  But  this  is  still  an  essential album  for  any  Beatles  fan.  It  is  a  lot  of  fun.
6305064490|5.0|It's a Wonderful Life has been broadcast on television more often than nearly any other film in history.  And yet, even having seen it as many times as I have, it still touches me when I see it.  After a lapse in seeing it each year, I watched it last year while wrapping gifts, and smiled and cried my way through it on DVD.  The video quality is as crisp on DVD as anyone could hope.  There are some special features included on this edition, but the film alone is worth getting the DVD.  Presented in it's original 1.33 (Full Screen) aspect ratio.
B00005NP04|5.0|Martina McBride is among the most talented singers in music today.  Even if your'e not a country music fan you will like the songs on her greatest hits CD.  The songs are all well written and Martina sings them with her heart and soul.  There are lots of liner notes on the inner sleeve in which Martina and her producer Paul Worley describe each song.  For long time Martina fans the CD is worth it just for the 4 new songs.  There is another song included called &quot;Strangers&quot; which was not a radio hit.  It is a beautiful song which ought to be released as a single sometime in the future.  In addition to Martina's great voice, the musical arrangements on these tunes compliment her very well.  This collection shows why Martina McBride is right up there with Reba McEntire as the first ladies of country music.
630451087X|5.0|A ghost tale from the amazing Lynch!! A spooky, overwhelming and deranged story about ghostly sexuality, loss, darkness, betrayl and a lurid and erotic ride down David Lynch's &quot;LOST HIGHWAY.&quot; His most extraordinary, I believe, a dark thriller/drama. Quiet and spooky, sleek and sexy and with a Trent Reznor driven soundtrack, you can decide if this film is a little too on the dark side or not. Lynch marvels!!
B00005LLK8|4.0|Sound familiar? Who doesn't have it? A stubborn father. A middle or working class lifestyle. A self-absorbed sibling. Pride. Ambition. A cause.  Mesh all of these things you get the standard life.  Mesh all of these on screen, and you get &quot;Billy Elliot&quot;.  Set in 1984 England, it's a simple story of a boy who loves to dance, discovers he's got a talent for it, secretly learns how to dance, perfects his dance, and lives through (in the most childlike yet percociously adult way possibly) a series of trials (ie., townspeople's and families angry reactions) and achieves greatness. But it is a greatness that brings perceptions in line; it brings townspeople together; and, most importantly, it brings a family together, one who learns that perceptions are moot and hope and striving for a better life should be welcomed and pursued in any shape and opportunity.  It's a great story, with solid acting.
B000002LMM|5.0|Twin Peaks. The most amazing TV program ever was built with an original and loving soundtrack composed by Angelo and Lynch with help from amazing singer, Julee Cruise. Some of my favourite Musical pieces are on this CD. Please, don't hesitate. If you loved the TV show, the album is all you need to listen to. So you can enter your own strange wonderous world of the Lodge....
0783240287|5.0|Great interpretation of Bible story.  The songs are memorable with great tunes.  The dancing is lively.  Donny Osmond is better looking here than I remembered him from the 'Donny and Marie Show' from way back when.  My daughter loves this DVD.  We played it daily for about 2 months and my daughter (6 y.o. at the time) memorized all the songs.  As a Christian mother struggling to find new ways to teach my children the Bible, this is an excellent and entertaining aide.
0790720434|5.0|Well...Having said that. This movie stays quite true to the book. Which makes it such a good movie. Because the book is very good. Its not exactly the same, but anyways.<br /> I've seen this movie multiple times and the magic has yet to wear off. The tale is of a 10 year old girl named Mary Lennox who parents were killed in an earth quake in India(where they lived). So Mary Lennox must travel to England to her Uncles house in Yorkshire, where many secrets are hidden including YOU GUESSED IT!!! A Secret Garden which has not been opened for 10 years.<br /> There a lovable as well as hateable characters. Such as Dickens and his sister, they are quite loveable, whereas Miss Medlock and Colin Craven are pretty hatefull. But it balances the movie out. At first Mary is a sour and angry child, but soon after opening the secret garden she begins to fall in love with it, and what it will be like.<br /> I will not reveal anymore, but that should give you a good enough taste of the movie, the acting is excellent as well as the character development. *enjoy*!!!<br />God Bless ~Amy
B00000251N|5.0|If you always wanted to draw pictures of your daydreams, this soundtrack and the movie it came from will help you to do so.  Neil Diamond's music creates just the right mood, and the right sound pictures even if you haven't seen the film or read the book.  And if you haven't already done so, buy the videotape :-)
1558908455|3.0|This is not a deep movie. It doesn't have a intricate or creative plot. Therefore, do yourself a favor and fast forward through the first 2/3 of the movie and get to the strip club b/c that is where all the fun begins. I'll fill you in on the what you miss so at least you understand who the characters are. The notorious Gecko Brothers (George C. and Quentin T.) rob a store, leave a trail of destruction, hijack a mobile home from a disgruntled minister and his two children and make a break with them across the Mexican border.  From what I wrote you might think that there would be a lot of action...wrong.  Aside from the brief opening shot out the rest is boring, long winded dialogue that acts as filler until...they come upon a raunchy bar/strip club in Mexico and, of course, stop for some entertainment. Little do they know that it is really a lair of some rather nasty and thirsty vampires.  Salma Hayek makes a brief appearance here as a very sexy vampire.  I say brief b/c once the sun goes down she ain't so sexy.  With the sun down and the exits sealed, it is &quot;go&quot; time and the Gecko brothers, their hostages, and the other biker type scum in the strip joint go head to head with the noctural predators.  The movie earns all its stars right here. Had the first 2/3 of the movie been like the last third this would easily be the most action packed gore fest of all time. Seriously, blood and gore flow in such ways I cannot possibly give it justice through a written description. I'm tempted to give it a higher rating but I resist b/c after seeing the ending I cannot help but be disappointed and irritated that the rest of the movie was soooo lacking.
B00000JPH6|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters when I was 11. It was a little creepy then, but I loved it. I purchased the DVD a few months ago and was just amazed at how good this movie is. It does have some gross parts in it, but my kids are young and they've watched it quite a few times, never complaining about the content. The special features are decent, but the movie alone is worth the price. You really can't go wrong with a Jim Henson production, but this is my favorite.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Dido's first CD is absolutely amazing.  Dido combines an awesome voice with touching and inspirational lyrics.  Her songs are really poetry put to music.  Any sensitive music lover will love this CD.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This is an incredible DVD set. If you're looking for special features, this is the set for you. The movie alone is worth the price, but they have packed this thing with a ton of bonuses. It's amazing that a movie this old can look so good on the television screen. I don't care much for the magic mirror guide, but the kids love it and that's really all that matters. It's a timeless classic and Disney has managed to put out a great product at a great price.
0790729393|4.0|However, the film was great. Kevin Bacon is one of my all time favorite actors. I did not like him playing this roll. He is a very nasty person in this film.<br />The story is well told. The film does an excellent job of creating the characters and telling their lives. The end is sudden and unexpected.<br />It's definitely worth watching. But be ready for some unpleasant scenes. Be ready to see things that you don't want to know about.
B00003CXAA|1.0|just RETURNED the Godfather DVD set - I was absolutely disgusted that Paramount would put HALF a movie on one dic and HALF on another. The movie is 200 minutes - and can be placed on ONE disc. I consider the set DEFECTIVE and the advertisment on the Paramount web site showing 4 discs (including bonus disc) DECEPTIVE.
B00005N9CV|4.0|Diane Krall always surpasses the expectations of her work.  She takes something old and makes it new again and even better!
0684857219|5.0|I used to have the older version of this book but bought the newer one. Although you see a lot of pictures of bodybuilders posing which I think is sometimes irrelevant to the exercises given in this book, it manages to inspire you to pump more iron even though I am not aspiring to be as big as they are.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|You'll read enough revews all i have to say is GET THIS DVD!!!<BR>Not only for your kids, but if your an Artist or an Art student like me there is plenty on this collecters disk to keep you watching for days!
B00003CXDD|5.0|I've been waiting for this DVD for some time.  This is a classic story brought to you from the man who made Star Wars.  It has a great cast and some awesome special effects for its time.  Its a movie that leaves you feeling inspired
B000002WPI|5.0|WU TANG at its absolute best, all members came together to make this one great cd.  The beats are so strange that they seem normal mixed with the flows of all the wutang members.  meth, gza and ghostface shine over the RZA beats
B000001OAA|5.0|This album is really really great for anyone who is sick of the same old music. Garbage forms it's own genre of awesome original music. <BR>Supervixen-Good but gets repetitive kinda quickily<BR>Queer-Awesome, it kinda grows on you at first seems bad but after two or three listens you start to like it and after 4 or 5 your in love with it<BR>I'm only happy when it rains-The greatest song that can never be matched by any artist ever<BR>Heaven is wide-Really fast paced and in your face with really clever lyrics<BR>Not my idea-Really good but gets stuck in your head and can get annoying<BR>Stroke of Luck-The lyrics here are so well crafted it's unbelievable really dark and makes you think<BR>Vow-An awesome track that has a lot of emotion in it<BR>Stupid girl-A song most people myself included can relate to <BR>Dog new trick-Erg this is the one track I dont really like but it's still really good if your in the mood for it<BR>My lover's box-My personal favorite is totally awesome worth the price of the album<br />Fix me now-Awesome a little bit like some other tracks but still great<BR>Milk-A unique sound different fromt the rest of it and grows on you with a few listens
B000000OUJ|5.0|GZA is the most underated member of WUtang, but he has the best flow.  he flows so good, u can barely notice him, but on his on, well with RZA helping he shines like the sun in june, but still not bright enough to outshine meth and odb, but GZA can bblow them away with his lyrical flows.
0316777722|5.0|Honestly, I blew my favorite Fume' Blanc through my nose! I've never laughed harder, nor related more to anything I've ever read.  I called friends and family to read them entire chapters at the time in order to share and relive the hysteria!<br />David Sedaris covers everything from the exotic quirks of our parents (though most of us may never repeat them,) to the bizarre fears, desperate attempts to conform and be excepted by the masses that none of us &quot;really&quot; identify with anyway, though we pretend.<br />My most favorite thing about David Sedaris can only be appreciated if you've ever heard him talk.  Reading this, I could hear the rhythm with which he speaks, with the enticing nasally pauses that kept me swinging impatiently from word to word, bracing for my next laugh!<br />I could relate page to page and no one could have told it better!
B000002BUY|5.0|This Cd is absolutely incredible, as are Make Yourself and Morning View. Each Incubus CD offers almost a totally different style than their other CDs, but they are all really good. Outstanding tracks include Idiot Box, A Certain Shade of Green, Favorite Things, and Summer Romance. I just love Incubus because they are so different from just about anything else I have heard. Just a tip, if you can, also try to find a live track of an acoustic version of A Certain Shade of Green, and compare it to the original. You will be pleasantly surprised by the acoustic version.
0517122707|2.0|There were some funny antics in the book, but the characters themselves just turned me off.  Reading this book made me feel like watching someone eat a live bug - you want to see what happens, but are grossed out and disgusted afterward.  This book went immediately into the &quot;give away&quot; box when I was done.
6305972591|5.0|This movie is good.  it's scary.  I've seen some of it on tv.<BR>It's bloody.  Don't listen to the bad reviews.  Listen to the good ones like mine.  Buy the DVD.  I own it.
B000002JKA|5.0|If Emerson Lake &amp; Palmer merged with Metallica, this would be their album.
B00003CXSP|2.0|After watching this movie, all I can say is that Jodie Foster made a excellent decision to avoid this one.  This is just a slasher movie dressed up with some big name stars and does not have any of the psychological terror of Silence of the Lambs.<br />Bottom Line:  Avoid this one like the plague.
B000002KIE|4.0|I own this album on vinyl.  When I first purchased it, shortly after its release, I thought the Pistols actually had a lot to say.  They were angry - and they said it quite loudly.  Now, I actually agree that this band was indeed the great rock-n-roll swindle.  &quot;Submission&quot; actually has a lot to recommend it in terms of production (very raw) and clever lyrics.  &quot;God Save The Queen&quot; addresses issues that were, at the time the song was composed, fairly serious in England (e.g., the dole).  Now, however, I look upon this album with something akin to fond nostalgia.  This music no longer represents who I am.  Furthermore, after seeing John Lydon perform with Public Image Ltd. (and in a truly ridiculous appearance before Judge Judy), I don't think it represents him either.  We've all gotten past it, really.  But it still warrants a listen now and then.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|I love this film. Its so well made that it looks like it was made in 1973. Fantastic story, really funny, great cast, all this and an unbelievable soundtrack to sing along to. Buy it now.
B00001OH82|3.0|I am still in something of a quandary concerning this particular album.  Bowie's foray into the industrial sound is at times very well done (for instance, in Tin Machine's cover of Roxy Music's &quot;If There Is Something&quot;), but most of the time falls a little short.  I think that, despite the presence of a very good group of side men (Hunt Sales, Reeves Gabrels), Bowie is trying just a little too hard on this disc.  Something about his sophisticated vocals just doesn't &quot;fit&quot; with the grungier accompaniments.  Interesting, but not an essential to your collection.
B00005OM4Q|5.0|I love this film. Its so well made that it looks like it was made in 1973. Fantastic story, really funny, great cast, all this and an unbelievable soundtrack to sing along to. Buy it know.
B00005B6NC|4.0|....I was told that all the \\"Alien\\" fans should have this movie.<BR>As I`ve read bad and good things on \\"Pitch Black\\" I hesitated for while to buy it or not.AND.........I bought it!<BR>If you are not an english native speaker(I am not!) you must watch it at least 3 times to undestand the plot.<BR>The music fits SO WELL to the movie.Strange and captivating.<BR>I loved it.I have the same feeling when I listen the music of...\\"Alien\\".<BR>I can`t understand why some persons found it awful.I think they were certainly sleeping during.<BR>There are also some who mentioned ,it is stupid that THE eclipse occurs JUST after they crashed on the planet.<BR>Of course.........<BR>We are always stucked on a traffic jam just when we are the most in a hurry so........aren`t we?<BR>This movie is realy good.Buy it now.
B00003CXDD|5.0|I remmember watching willow as a child.  The medi-evil settings, the pagan magic and the humour of a little guy named willow.  A great adventure that blends all its elements seamlessly together to create a vivid picture that captures you imagination and puts you in the story.<br />The film is is entertaining from the word go and the music accents it brilliantly.  The organisation of the villagers is one that hasn't been seen since &quot;The wizard of oz&quot; munchkin land scene.  This is a tale of, action, adventure, magic, and love.  Very entertaining for all ages.
B00003CXTF|5.0|I have seen this movie 3 times and loved it more and more with every viewing.  This is a spectacualar movie about life, love, and war.  It has elements in it for everyone.  Comedy, romance, and action.  It is also a MAJOR tear jerker!  I think that this movie was very well casted and made.  I felt like i knew the characters by the end.  I felt their emotions...anger, pain, and happiness.  I was drawn into the movie and loved all three hours of it.  I could have gone longer.  My advice to you would be SEE THIS MOVIE.  Don't jsut listen to others....see for yourselves.  It is part of our history and especially now in our time of war, it is important to remember our past.  And i think that this movie gives u a good sence of history as well.  <BR>Plus!!!!  Hotties Hotties Hotties!!!!  Ben Affleck and Josh Hartnett in uniform!  Even if u don't like the show, these two are worth every minute!
B00001P4RI|5.0|Brendan Perry is an excelent songwriter and has a very unique voice.  If you like DCD but don't like the weird operatic tracks this is your cd!  For the first time you can see Perry's creative forces at work and unrestrained.  MUST HAVE!
B000002MFQ|5.0|After my meaning, this is one of Oldfield's best albums since the original Tubular Bells.<br />Before, what I think that is Oldfield's worst albums, like 'Voyager' and 'Tubular Bells III', Oldfield released 'Tubular Bells II' in 1992, followed by a great concert by the Edinburgh castle.<br />Like many other Oldfield albums, his music is very detailed and different, take 'The Bell' that reminds me of a norwegian winter landscape, 'Arrival' that will take the listener on a inner journey, and '2 France' that brings back many good childhood memories.
0451191153|5.0|All right the first time I read this book I hated it.  I loathed every stone that Ann Rand had ever walked on and this continued for some time.  Thinking about it and eventualy reading again I realized why I hated the book.  It was not something in its pages it was something in me.  I laugh when I think about it now that this book which I so hated could have been such a fulcrum to change my view of the world.  Any book that forces you to view the world with different eyes is worth 5 stars many times over.
B00005N9CV|2.0|Este disco est muy por debajo de los anteriores. Aunque estticamente se acerca a &quot;When I look in yor eyes&quot;, los arreglos orquestales de Claus Ogerman son muy inferiores a los que Johny Mandel hizo para el disco anterior, y adems apagan el maravilloso piano de la Krall. La versin de &quot;Bsame mucho&quot; en espanol es un desastre... El acento ingls y la falta de entonacin lo hacen muy inferior, por ejemplo, al que no hace mucho realiz Diane Reeves. Sugerencia para el prximo trabajo: olvidar los arreglos de cuerda, y volver al tro o el cuarteto.
B00003CXAA|5.0|The first two Godfather movies are among a small handful of films that can truly be called cinematic classics.  Everything from the acting to the directing to the writing to the musical scores are as close to perfection as you can get.  Francis Ford Coppola's direction and writing are impeccable, but what he really showed was a brilliant eye for talent.  Many of the stars of the Godfather movies are now household names, but at the time of the movies releases, were virtual unknowns.  Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Robert DeNiro, Robert Duvall and James Caan turned in performances that catapulted them to A-list actors.  Even legend Marlon Brando had career resurgence thanks to his cool and commanding performance as Don Vito Corleone.  While Mr. Brando was the star of the first part, the real centerpiece of the movies is Mr. Pacino.  His transformation of Michael from the bright-eyed, caring war hero to the cold, calculating and ruthless head of the family is the finest performance of his distinguished career.  Robert DeNiro is amazing the young Vito Corleone in Part II and the fact that he does the part completely in Italian makes his performance all the more captivating.  James Caan also gives a career performance as the fiery Sonny Corleone whose death scene is one of the most violent and rememberable of all time.  All the actors hit the right notes and even the legendary acting teacher Lee Strassberg, who never appears in movies, shines in an Oscar nominated performance as Hyman Roth.  The first two parts were released in 1972 and 1974 respectively and both won the best picture Oscars (Part II is the only sequel to do as such), Mr. Brando won for best actor in '72 (he famously refused the award), Mr. DeNiro won Best Supporting Actor in '74 and Mr. Coppola took home the best director award in '74.  Part III was released in 1990, sixteen years after the second part and is an often maligned film.  The film suffers mainly from the fact that it has to live up to the unreachably high standards the first two films set.  It does suffer from bad casting as Mr. Coppola's daughter Sophia is in way over head in a pivotal role of Michael's daughter Mary, George Hamilton oozes too much smarm in his role and Joe Mantegna is lifeless as Joey Zaza.  But in light of those poor performances, there are numerous others that shine including Andy Garcia as Vincent who is the illegitimate son of Sonny Corleone. Mr. Garcia exudes the fiery anger of Mr. Caan's character and his performance is a real star turner.  Of course Mr. Pacino is still electric as Michael and Ms. Keaton is beautifully understated as his put upon wife Kay.  Part III isn't as essential as the first two parts, but it is a better than average film and a nice coda to the series.  In addition to the three films there is a bonus disk that has some great features including screen tests and a documentary on the making of the earlier films.  The Godfather series has taken on almost mythical proportions and helped introduce the world of the mafia to mainstream America and this DVD collection does a magnificent job of presenting their overall brilliance to the home viewing experience.bly high standards the first two films set.  It does suffer from bad casting as Mr. Coppola's daughter Sophia is in way over head in a pivotal role of Michael's daughter Mary, George Hamilton oozes too much smarm in his role and Joe Mantegna is lifeless as Joey Zaza.  But in light of those poor performances, there are numerous others that shine including Andy Garcia as Vincent who is the illegitimate son of Sonny Corleone. Mr. Garcia exudes the fiery anger of Mr. Caan's character and his performance is a real star turner.  Of course Mr. Pacino is still electric as Michael and Ms. Keaton is beautifully understated as his put upon wife Kay.  Part III isn't as essential as the first two parts, but it is a better than average film and a nice coda to the series.  In addition to the three films there is a bonus disk that has some great features including screen tests and a documentary on the making of the earlier films.  The Godfather series has taken on almost mythical proportions and helped introduce the world of the mafia to mainstream America and this DVD collection does a magnificent job of presenting their overall brilliance to the home viewing experience.
0767802519|5.0|Most people have seen this version, but it is the severely edited American edition.  The real name of this movie is 'Leon' (sometimes with 'The Professional' tagged as a subtitle) and has 26 minutes of footage that was cut from the American edition.  BUY THE LONGER, ORIGINAL OR YOU WILL BE MISSING OUT...
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Snow White &amp; The Seven Dwarfs was Disney's first full length animated feature and it still stands as one of their greatest achievements.  The film would be notable for its soundtrack alone which includes standards like &quot;Someday My Prince will Come&quot; and &quot;Whistle While You Work&quot;.  The animation holds up to anything that can be produced by a computer and in many ways is fuller and more textured.  The bonus features on the disks are marvelously setup and nicely detailed.  As usual, Disney has gone first class all the way with Snow White and the DVD is highly recommended for children of all ages.
0767802519|5.0|Most people have seen this version, but it is the severely edited American edition.  The real name of this movie is 'Leon' (sometimes with 'The Professional' tagged as a subtitle) and has 26 minutes of footage that was cut from the American edition.  BUY THE LONGER, ORIGINAL OR YOU WILL BE MISSING OUT AND RIPPED OFF BY THE STUPIDITY OF AMERICAN SENSORS!
B000050XEI|5.0|'A Day Without Rain', is simply put, the best of the best in terms of Enya's various albums.  A good sampling of her hit songs are on Paint the Sky With Stars, but if you are truly in love with her music after buying this album, get the 3 CD 'Box of Dreams' set.  'Only Time' is yes the most popular song hands down, but 'Flora's Secret' is also a standout single on its own merits.  Happy sailing.
B0000057C5|5.0|I bought this album when it first came out, I DID NOT BUY IT FOR DU HAST!!!!!! I love this band, it is a great album, it is their best, and Engle (Angel) [edit]ing rocks!!!!! This gets da seal...
B00005LQ04|3.0|I bought this dvd limited edition with much anticipation and was disappointed by the sound quality of the musical score.  Anyone familiar with this movie knows that the music is a major part of the Suspiria experience.  The picture quality, dialogue, and sound effects are fine, but the musical score sounds muffled and was quite annoying to me. This is particularly noticeable on chapters 4 and 15. I am a very big fan of this movie and was hoping the music would be overwhelming as it has been on past viewings on VHS.  I have already contacted Anchor Bay at [...] and I suggest others to do so as there may be a widespread problem such as with their &quot;Opera&quot; dvd that had to be recalled. I was instructed to return my dvd to them and they would send a new one, but if the problem is being had by others like reviewer &quot;Mr. Peter M. Skinner&quot; then maybe something more needs to be done.  The movie is excellent, but this dvd sound quality is lacking.  Please check your sound if you have already purchased this disc and if you have a sound problm please email Anchor Bay to let them know this is not an isolated incident.  Also, maybe post a note on this review site. Thanks.
B00000AFGM|2.0|...I bought this expecting a hardcore, ..., vulgar, metal album, instead I got this. Post Human, Mechanical Animals, Dope Show, and User Friendly are OKAY. His other albums are great, but his one doesn't fill the void...
B00003CXZ1|5.0|Finally was able to see &quot;Lara Croft: Tomb Raider&quot; and I really enjoyed myself at the theaters! <br />Lady Lara Croft (Angelina Jolie), adventurer and heiress, finds a mysterious clock in Croft Manor when it starts ticking on the night of the first stage of the alignment of all nine planets. Lara discovers that it this clock will lead her to two triangle pieces that when put together at the exact moment of the alignment of the planets, the pocessor will have the power to control time. But when she is betrayed by a friend, Manfred Powell (Iain Glen), a member of a group called the Illuminati who want to use the power of the All-Seeing Eye, steals that clock from her, it's up to her with the help of her friend Bryce (Noah Taylor) and later on another 'tomb raider' Alex West (Daniel Craig), to find the two pieces of the triangle before the Illuminati use the power for their own diabolical plot. But will Lara herself be tested when she starts having thoughts of using 'time' to be able to be with her long dead father, Lord Richard Croft (John Voight)?<br />First, the bad points of this movie. Yes, I agree the plot was thin which makes the film corny and cheesy though there were some great action scenes. But it's still a fun movie to watch with a bowl of popcorn (or a few bowls of popcorn for me!). The main thing though that I didn't like about it is that the end where Powell and Lara fist fought was a little violent. They might have used martial arts or something but fist fighting... well, I guess they wanted to do that for a climax.<br />All right, the GREAT parts!! I was totally impressed by Angelina Jolie with her doing most of her own stunts. I thought that action scenes using the bungie cord was pretty neat. Angelina sort of reminds me of Sophia Loren, you know the big lips with the lips parted a little. I just wish they could have used a little bit more of Daniel Craig as Alex, Lara's sort-of boyfriend. He sort of reminds of Michael Douglas in a few ways.<br />Also the action scenes were really cool, the beginning where Lara is head-to-head against Bryce's robot, where the bad guys are trying to steal the clock from Croft Manor with Lara giving them a pretty hard time, when Lara 'raids' the Tomb of the Dancing Light, and the finale with Lara and bad guys going into the Tomb of Ten Thousand Shadows. The computer graphics were actually good.<br />All in all, it was a pretty fantastic movie to watch, enjoyable by people who want to spend two hours at home watching a film which you won't have to think too much but still have fun watching the action. Can't wait till &quot;Tomb Raider 2&quot; comes out!
0061003646|4.0|The Body In The Library was a very appealing novel. It caught my attention and kept my interests. The author, Agatha Christie did a wonderful job of portraying the character Miss Marple. She did a great job of keeping the curiousity of the reader. I am not a big reader and this novel captured my attention right away. The body of the beautiful blonde found in the library was a great way to introduce mystery. The fact that no one knew who she was or how she got there was personally intriguing. Marple's techniques in finding the killer were smartand sharply thought out. She reminds me of Matlock because she tricks the accused into leading her to the truth. I think this novel is a great mystery for all students to read. I recommend it to all who enjoy thriller novels.
0899663036|5.0|\\"A Tree Grows In Brooklyn,&quot; by Betty Smith, is a wonderful example of teenage hardships and a girl's struggle in her coming of age.  Francie Nolan serves as an illustration of these hardships.  In the novel, Francie is seen growing up.  We are privileged to be given a window into Francies heart and the Nolan home.  The novel shows Francies struggles with her family and school life, her fight to overcome the poverty that she was born into and to become a success.<BR> Francie was not born into the ideal family.  The Nolans were poor, but they survived.  They had love and enough money to have food, clothing and shelter.  Francie's father, Johnny Nolan, was a fun-loving gentleman.  Francie loved how he referred to her as his \\"prima donna,\\" and she cherished the relationship that they had.  Katie Nolan, Francie's mother, was not as fun-loving as Johnny, but she loved her children and provided for them.  Francie thought that she was not loved by her mother, but Katie instilled responsibility and independance in Francie, even though she did not think of this as love at the time.  Katie was a very hardworking mother.  Her job as a janitor kept her very busy and it gave her a very rough appearance.  Neeley, Francies younger brother kept himself very busy by collecting recycling products to make a little extra money for himself and for his family.  <BR> To Francie, reading and writing were the basis of life.  She lived for weekend mornings when she could read, and she got so much joy out of going to the library and finding a new book.  When Francie came home with a new book, she would read it on the fire-escape and indulge her active imagination.  Francie applied her imagination to everyday experiences.  She loved watching her neighbor get dressed up for her dates and she fantasized that the girls' dates were not coming for her, but for Francie.  Francie got pleasure out of very simple and ordinary things, like her friend Frank's horse.  Francie did not have an ideal school life, even though she imagined that she did.  She battled solitude and loneliness throughout her school career.  Her education, however did lead to better things for her. <BR> Francie's struggles in her life and her ability to endure show a strength that people long for today.  Francie was able to overcome poverty, death, sexual abuse, and stress of adolescence.  \\"A Tree Grows In Brooklyn\\" is a wonderful book that I advise every woman, regardless of age, to read.  It is a book that everyone can relate to in one aspect or another and Betty Smith truly gave us a masterpiece that will remain in our hearts forever.
0716703440|5.0|This book can be divided into three logical parts. The first part includes an overview of 4 dimensional physics (spacetime physics, chapter 1), an introduction to special relativity (physics in flat spacetime, chapters 2 to 7), an introduction to the tensor calculus (the mathematics of curved spacetime, chapters 8 to 15) and describes in detail Einstein's general theory of relativity (Einstein's geometric theory of relativity, chapters 16 to 22). <BR>This first part is the best introduction to the theory of relativity I have ever read. The mathematics is introduced in a very comprehensive manner, there are lots of exercises where the reader can get used to the tensor calculus. The physical explanations are just brilliant and what is more important general relativity is introduced in the manner Einstein itself viewed it: as a geometric representation of gravity! Other books on this subject formulate general relativity only algebraically (like quantum theory) but this hides the importance of the idea that all gravitational effects can be extracted from the geometry of spacetime. The algebraic formulation may be regarded as more modern by some authors, it must be said however that no algebraic formulation managed to give more physical insight. The algebraic treatment tries to unify the view of general relativity and quantum field theory, but the physical discrepancies between the two theories remain unsolved.<BR>The second part starts with the application of general relativity to stars (stars and relativity, chapters 23 to 26), goes on to the universe (the universe, chapters 27-30) and to black holes (gravitational collapse and black holes, chapters 31 to 34), and describes finally gravitational waves (gravitational waves, chapters 35 to 37) and experimental methods (experimental tests of general relativity, chapters 38 to 40).<BR>This second part is a good overview, but many details of the computations of the applications are not shown. For the readers interrested inthe details the two volume book by Zel'dovich and Novikov &quot;Stars and Relativity&quot;/&quot;The Structure and Evolution of the Universe&quot; is much better (but also much longer).<BR>The third part finally describes the frontiers of general relativity (frontiers, chapters 41 to 44). Like part two it gives a good overview not showing many computational details.
B00005QIPH|2.0|I have to admit I heard allot of hype about this Cd so I bought it the day it came out. Track one wasn't an entirely &quot;NEW SOUND&quot;, however I really like it I even was kind of bobbing mi head. Song 2 was not bad but not as good as the first..... Same guitar/singing effect (odd?) anyway...Song 3...A bad version of song 2...you getting the picture.... The strokes are like some guy telling you a really funny joke 11 different was..after the the second time you catch on. Bottom like get the title track on mp3 don't waste your money. If this band varied and played different cords n didn't use that same distorted sound effect in every damn song they would truly live up to the hype.
0525457585|5.0|Okay, i first received a copy of this book on my 7th birthday.  I read it then cover to cover (and by the way, the red and green type at the beginning turns almost exclusively to dark green pretty quickly, so it's not annoying, it's COOL). It would be very confusing actually without the color change because you dart back and forth between the fantasy world and the real world within a matter of sentances and without the color change, you might become quite lost.  And i've read it cover to cover every year since then (I am now 23) and it is still one of my absolute favorites!!! It is an absolute epic though and one you won't want to put down until you find out what happens next, so definately set aside a 3-day weekend unless you want to stay up 24 hours straight reading!!  The illustrations that embellish the first letter of each of the chapters ( each chapter begins with the alphabet A-Z so there are 26 chapters in all) is absolutely exquisite in both editions I own (i wore the first one out!) Let me tell you, the movie only covers about the first 3 chapters of the book and the second movie only covers about 2 more! so you've got another 19 chapters to be surprised by!  Buy this book, you'll love it forever and ever.
B00005NWRS|5.0|quite frankly, looking upon the previous reviews of Ryan Adams' fresh and ambitious new album &quot;gold&quot;, I am quite taken aback.  What has he done to bear full brunt of the wrath of naysayers and skeptics? Some say he is trying too hard to seem &quot;hip&quot;.  Some say that he is not as talented as this musician or as eclectic as that one.  Who are writing these reviews?  It would seem as though they are written by a rabid group of harsh critics, still embittered that they never got that job for &quot;Cream&quot; magazine.  Perhaps this is because the true fans of Ryan Adams can keep quiet, letting the music explain its own ingenuity.  I was simply so taken aback by the jabs that you hooligans have taken at this up and coming star that I felt it necessary to defend the poor man.  Gold is not so much an evolution from his first album, &quot;heartbreaker&quot; as it is simply a change of tune.  While both are brilliant in their own ways, while &quot;heartbreaker&quot; tends to be brooding and quiet, Adams seems to jump out of the shadows in &quot;gold&quot;, showing off his flippant and often manic personality with such upbeat tunes as &quot;Firecracker&quot; and &quot;Rescue Blues&quot;.  Every mini-climax of the album is checked by a more mellow, pensive song; &quot;Answering Bell&quot; is answered by &quot;La Cienga Just Smiled&quot;.  &quot;Tina Toledo's Street Walkin Blues&quot; is deftly countered by the perfect conclusion to the album, &quot;Goodnight Hollywood Boulevard&quot;.  Ridden with conflict?  No, &quot;Gold&quot; goes beyond that.  It is DEFINED by conflict.  The almost instantaneous switches from manic to depressive may seem uncontrolled, as uncontrolled and erratic as Adams is rumored to be, but in reality, he handles the switches with an arrogant confidence, driving not only the songs, but the listeners as well.  I dare any rash critic of this album or Adams' first to try and dominate such a group of instruments AND people as well as he has.  Until you are successful, stop spouting comparisons to past musical golden calves.  Adams is unparalleled, and should be treated as his own category, and not an urchin hanging onto the coattails of your favorite geezer.
6302610702|4.0|As a long-standing fan of the Godfather movies, I received my Region 1 copy in the UK last Saturday. However, after waiting so long for the release of the DVD Collection I was very disappointed with the packaging. The bonus materials are excellant, especially the clip of &quot;The Sopranos&quot; which can be found in the DVD credits. The packaging should have reflected the contents of this masterpiece in cinema history.
6302794331|5.0|This story is about an old, selfish, money-loving man named Ebenezer Scrooge. He HATES Christmas and he's as worse as ever on that traditional holiday;he's a real old sourpuss. He hates it because everyone is so happy! So, on Christmas Eve, he is visited by 3 ghosts. Before that, his long-dead partner, Marley, comes back, tied up by heavy chains. He warns him that if he is is selfish, he would get these chains, much heavier chains, all around him. It'll be made by his own selfishness. Marley tells him that 3 ghosts are going to visit him: The Ghost of Christmas Past, Ghost of Christmas Present, and the Ghost of Christmas Future.<br />This movie is so funny and fun! Gonzo as the hilarious Dickens and Rizzo as his sidekick. The songs are fun to listen. You'll love this movie, especially in Christmas!
6305165912|5.0|see him in his getto life .....best enjoyed by loosers like me. ALL DUDES are loosers. being alone rules see the movie.
B00003CXZ3|5.0|This is one of those films that you have to sit and concentrate hard on what's going on.  It took me a few watches to catch everything in fact, but maybe that's just down to my stupidity!  In it, Leonard is trying to avenge his wife's rape and murder.  Interestingly enough the movie is told backwards, and the solution is ironic in the fact that it is the very beginning of the story.  The film challenges our memories, and perceptions of reality.  Yet, unlike so many well-meaning films before it, it's thrilling as well as being intelligent.  The acting is wonderful, Pearce giving a performance just as good as he did in &quot;LA Confidential&quot;.  This is one film you won't want to miss.
B00005N83M|3.0|This CD is alright. but when I first head it Im like OK whats with her trying to curse n' stuff she should do her own music. But I love the song &quot;Im Real&quot; Both of them. They are the best! They have a nice beat and I would recommend this CD for people who can actually stand lots of cursing invloved in one song! Enjoy ;0)
B000056V73|5.0|I guess, like many people, I was unsure about watching a movie about music and set in the 70's.  I am too young to know anything about the 70's, and as the film mostly deals with teenagers, it would appear that it has no market.  Don't let that fool you, as this is one of the best movies of the year!<BR>It features star performances from Fugit as the young reporter and from McDormand as his mother.  It's also nice to see Fairuza Balk, such a greatly underrated actress.  The only remotely bad thing I could say about this movie is that Kate Hudson is not nearly as good as I had expected her to be.  She was still very good, just not as superb as I had been led to believe.<BR>Basically, although 'Almost Famous' deals with teens, it is far from your typical teen movie.  It raises questions of freedom and restriction alongside the failure of modern music to truly inspire any of us anymore (or that was the message I got anyway).  As William the young reporter leaves his home in hope of freedom, friendship and rock and roll, he slowly realises that this very world he's looking is being destroyed by the people he admires, attempting to overglorify themselves though... reporters.  In short, he's never truly \\"free\\", restricted by his own emotions for the beautiful Penny Lane.<BR>This is a gorgeous film and one that everyone should see.
B00000255F|5.0|&quot;Born to Run&quot; is the rare record that actually lived up to the rampant hype surrounding its release. So bloated was the media campaign in September 1975 that Bruce, then relatively unknown, simultaneously landed on the covers of Time and Newsweek. If that wasn't enough, Bruce's future manager Jon Landau, then a heavyweight rock scribe, proclaimed to the world &quot;I've seen the future of rock-n-roll and its name is Bruce Springsteen.&quot; Lofty expectations indeed; expectations that would've destroyed a lesser artist. Seemingly oblivious to all, the 26 year-old boy wonder blasted all barriers with this 8 song extravaganza  which celebrated the romance and freedom that rock music  offered. &quot;Thunder Road&quot;, &quot;Backstreets&quot; and &quot;Jungleland&quot; are poetic paeans of suburban boredom. Never forelorn or morbid, Springsteen's mini-dramas offer not only escapist possiblities but, more importantly, they offer hope. If Bruce, the Magic Rat or Wendy (or perhaps you the listener) fail to reach the holy grail in the suffocating &quot;swamps of Jersey&quot; (or wherever you live), there's always a chance someplace down the road. That very slice of hope, and the exciting sense of danger it provides, is expressed so perfectly in the somber &quot;Meeting Across the River&quot; and in the underrated rocker &quot;Night&quot;. Of course, the title song is one of the greatest, if not THE greatest, escape songs ever written. Any kid growing up in suburban America can relate to the lines &quot;Baby this town rips the bones from your back/ it's a deathtrap/ a suicide rap/ we gotta out while we're young/'Cause tramps like us...Baby, we were Born to Run&quot;. Those anthemic lyrics landed Bruce in the public spotlight where he has remained for 2 1/2 decades. While I personally believe that 1973's &quot;The Wild, the Innocent and the E Street Shuffle&quot; is Bruce's best album, &quot;Born to Run&quot; is undoubtedly his most enduring. Admittedly, I'm not a fan of Bruce's post &quot;River&quot; output and I'm truly disgusted with the current state of popular &quot;music&quot;. However, when listening to &quot;Born to Run&quot;, I suddenly remember what all the fuss was about. More importantly, through the sheer power of music, I feel as though I'm young again.a fan of Bruce's post &quot;River&quot; output and I'm truly disgusted with the current state of popular &quot;music&quot;. However, when listening to &quot;Born to Run&quot;, I suddenly remember what all the fuss was about. More importantly, through the sheer power of music, I feel as though I'm young again.
B00000K2SC|5.0|Of all the sci-fi/action flicks I love, this is definitely one of them.  I guess I just can't get enough of the great special effects and awesome kung fu sequences.  On a more literary note, it was interesting that Neo, our main character, plays a \\"messiah\\" type of role and discovers that it is up to him to save the world from the artificial intelligence that enslaves humankind.  Morpheus plays a sort of \\"father\\" figure to Neo, and the third member of the \\"godhead\\" is Trinity, who becomes Neo's love interest.  .... Great movie, great action.  Don't really know why it got an \\"R\\" rating though.  There are no sex scenes and very little profanity even compared to some PG13 films.
B00002E224|5.0|Movies that really hit me are the ones that are honest, the ones that get beyond all the pretense. They make us innocent for just that one moment before we dwell on our cynicism. BEFORE SUNRISE is a cliche and yet like all good cliches it holds true in its honest message: take chances, keep your eyes open, and you might just find that thing you've been looking for for so long. A piece of art you don't want to miss.
B000002HPV|5.0|I think Bjork's latest album Vespertine is her best, and I'm sure alot of people agree. However before Vespertine, Homogenic was a fixture in my player for months. I'm still not tired of it. Bjork seems to grow with each album, and the followup to Post was definitely a step in new directions. On Homogenic, Bjork seems cold and angry; and at the time, she was. Letter bombs and intimidating repoters in airports pushed the already reclusive musician over the edge-and into this. On &quot;Joga&quot; she sings &quot;State of Emergency/How beautiful to be&quot;, finding magic in chaos as only bjork can. The orchestral power of &quot;Bachlorette&quot; is exhilerating, and check out that great video if you havent seen it yet. Confrontational songs such as &quot;5 Years&quot; and &quot;Pluto&quot; overflow with hard edgy beats. &quot;Unravel&quot; and &quot;Immature&quot; are outstanding. &quot;Hunter&quot; flies high with skittering plops and beeps. Homogenic combines both the mystery and darkness, and makes for a great album. But if you want to start off on the perfect bjork album I'd get Vespertine first.
B00005B36H|5.0|Where to begin? I could start with the heavy riffs of \\"The Grudge\\" or \\"Ticks And Leeches\\". Or the entrancing bass of \\"Schism\\". Or the haunting melody of \\"Parabol\\", which I compare to the end of \\"Prison Sex\\" from the Undertow album (You look so precious, you look so precious...). I only compare the two because both showcase MJK's ability to sound as scary as 300 pounds of wrinkles. This album continued TooL's streak of not producing a bad song. I can't even choose a favorite song from the album, they're all equally amazing. The longest song on the album is \\"Reflection\\", clocking in a a nice 11:07. It has, in my opinion, the best intro for any TooL song, roughly three minutes of melodical drumming. They took a step back to their roots in \\"Parabola\\", with more pure sound and less distortion, and really scored big with it. \\"The Patient\\" blew me away. It was the first track I heard off the album (Thanks be to Audiogalaxy!), and it left me speechless. Needless to say, it played on my WinAMP constantly until I came across other tracks... To anyone who has never heard TooL, find any album you can, and you'll begin to listen religiously...
0553278398|5.0|I started reading this book in 6th grade and I first thought it was going to be bad but it was a very good book that I read. Isaac Asimov is like the best author ever. I couldn't even think of a book that is better than is one. I would really recommend that whoever likes SF books to read this one.<br />I liked all the parts in the book especially when Hari Seldon starts his work on predicting the fall of the Galactic Empire. I even liked when all the actions started to happen like almost at the end when Rashelle was about to kill Hari Seldon.<br />Isaac Asimov is my favorite author. I really enjoyed reading this book that he published.
B0000057C5|1.0|I hate every minute of it. Incredibly stupid lyrics, synthesizer tunes which lack even the creativity of a band like Modern Talking (another German quality product) and riffs Kirk Hammett could play. But buy it anyway, get a good laugh and then use it as a frisbee. ..... They should be ashamed to even use this beautiful language. Sing in Swahili for all I care, but please, stop making this ...(stuff).
B00005A46T|3.0|Let's get one thing straight... these guys wish they could be Slayer.  Unfortunately for them, they're not.  What I appreciate about this CD is that it actually injects some blast beats and cranks up the heaviness and speed from their first album (which I didn't really like).  What I absolutely hate about this album (and all other nu-metal albums) is that the &quot;musicians&quot; in the band neglect to play their instruments save for at times the drummer.  If you want to use this album as a springboard into some better bands (yes my nu-metal friends, metal exists outside of Slipknot and ick....Mudvayne) I'd check out American bands like Morbid Angel, Death (the band), Deicide, and Iced Earth. Also the new scene going on in Scandinavia has bands that are both heavier and more melodic than this stuff like: In Flames, Arch Enemy, Soilwork, Darkane etc.  Personally, if you like this stuff, I'd HIGHLY suggest you check out Opeth, Dimmu Borgir, Cradle of Filth and Emperor!  They kill the album your thinking of spending your hard earned cash on.
0784011796|4.0|Pi -- how to describe Pi? I've watched this film several times and I still can't quite explain the plot but that chaotic obscurity is a part of the film's power. It is not a film meant to be watched for a straight, linear story. Instead, it is a trip into the mind of an anti-social mathemitician who is convinced the world can be explained through studying the patterns of existence. While studying this in his almost Hellish apartment, he discovers the ultimate number -- the name of God in mathematical terms. Its a discovery that finds him pursued by by both men of greed (an overly aggresive Wall Street firm) and God (a group of Kabbalists). Shot on a miniscule budget in grainy black-and-white, the film is an outstanding portrait of paranoia and how one can actually theorize himself out of existence. Its a film that shakes you up, that leaves you feeling like you've been up for five days straight on speed. After watching this film, I've never been able to look at swirling sweetner in black coffee or tendrils of cigarette smoke twisting into the sky quite the same way again. Not quite the masterpiece as the director's next film, the more cohesive Requiem for a Dream, Pi is still an amazing experiment that sticks with you a lot longer than you might want.
B00005A46T|3.0|Let's get one thing straight... these guys wish they could be Slayer.  Unfortunately for them, they're not.  What I appreciate about this CD is that it actually injects some blast beats and cranks up the heaviness and speed from their first album (which I didn't really like).  What I absolutely hate about this album (and all other nu-metal albums) is that the &quot;musicians&quot; in the band neglect to play their instruments save for at times the drummer.  If you want to use this album as a springboard into some better bands (yes my nu-metal friends, metal exists outside of Slipknot and ick....Mudvayne) I'd check out American bands like Morbid Angel, Death (the band), Deicide, and Iced Earth. Also the new scene going on in Scandinavia has bands that are both heavier and more melodic than this stuff like: In Flames, Arch Enemy, Soilwork, Darkane etc.  Personally, if you like this stuff, I'd HIGHLY suggest you check out Opeth, Dimmu Borgir, Cradle of Filth and Emperor!  They kill the album your thinking of spending your hard earned cash on.
B00005NZBN|5.0|A pop culture magazine recently named Lucinda Williams the best songwriter in America.  She is great, too.  But &quot;Love and Theft&quot; is one of the best set of songs I've ever heard, right up there with Lucinda's first, Hiatt's &quot;Bring the Family,&quot; and the Thompsons' &quot;Shoot out the Lights,&quot; and Bob Dylan is unsurpassed as a songwriter.  He's got a great band playing behind him, too.  Lucinda recruited them to play on her new record.  Every note they play serves the songs.  I can't make much sense out of the lyrics and I never thought much of Dylan as a so-called poet, but this is poetry.  I never imagined that Dylan would make a record I could like as much as &quot;Highway 61 Revisited&quot; but this could be it.
B000002IZ4|5.0|As many albums come and go, some leaves us wanting more, gasping for air, and asking how this masterpiece was made... this is one of those albums.The second hard hitting compolation of stone temple pilots, PURPLE is a crowning achivement for the group, for they came out with a critisized second album (like any new band), and delivered.  The first song MEATPLOW Gives a strong sound with a preaching, paranoid sound to it that is sotthed by the words &quot;I got a lover and she shows me how to understand...&quot;The whole album is full with loud and strong classic songs, raw ballads that defy the stereotype of soft, emotional ballads, and lyrics only a master of articulate expressions can produce.the last song &quot;kitchenware and candybars&quot; is, in my opinion the highlight of the album, but if you would like to hear it yourself I suggest you buy this album... a must have!  :)
B00000JCOV|4.0|this cd is awesome cause of a couple things. coreys got awesome vocals. he can screem than just sing its awesome!! the drumm beats are awesome. ther are like 2or3 drummers in slipknot. i think thats cool. ther is so much beat to there songs. Its awesome!!!!   the only bad thing is some uv the songs get boring but most uv them rule!!!!!!!!!<br />    just buy this cd if your a hard rock fan. i reccomend to ya!!!!!!!!
B000058B2W|3.0|It's always great to see more remastered Procol Harum on CD, but this one was not their finest hour. Abandoning the stately, elegant baroque stylings that made albums like &quot;A Salty Dog&quot; and &quot;Grand Hotel&quot; such epic masterpieces, the band wanted to rock harder on this one. Unfortunately, the material just wasn't on par with the band's previous work. Even producer Chris Thomas has been quoted as saying Procol was running out of ideas at this point. This CD does have it's moments. &quot;Nothing But The Truth&quot; certainly rates as a Procol classic. &quot;Thin End of the Wedge&quot; is dark and mysterious, albiet too short. But many of the songs here simply meander, lacking the dynamic contrasts that made past Procol Harum music unique. Most Procoholics are well aware of the sad decline that was to follow this album. Sadly, the seeds of that decline were planted on &quot;Exotic Birds &amp; Fruit.&quot;
1402505205|5.0|The best book I've ecer read. Complex. Mysterious. Well-written. (For kids) Worth a lot of Accellerated Reader Points. Good to read, but not for the faint-of-heart.This book, not including index, is 3,007 pages long. Enjoy!!
B00005ASHM|5.0|I never thought I'd write a review like this, but Pet Sounds is a very special album. Quite simply, it is the soundtrack to Brian Wilson's soul, within the confines of that weird but gorgeous psychic jukebox that is constantly playing in his mind, composed of all the styles of American music he heard growing up in Hawthorne, CA. As many others have pointed out, no other album sounds like this. Hell, just trying to figure out what instruments he was using is hard half the time. Voices and sounds that are familiar, but have been altered into something truly amazing. Like if you fell in love with someone you knew for years, that dawning realization that there was so much more right in front of you, the way their looks change while staying the same.<br />Lyrically, the songs are unsophisticated, but that is good. Hearing the words with this music makes you think about what they COULD mean, and that is one of the marks of true art. Last year (2000), Brain admitted that SMiLE, the infamous, mysterious and unfinished follow up project to Pet Sounds, still exists, but I think he should leave it lay. Pet Sounds and SMiLE came from a time in his life that vanishes with age. I like to think that everyone has a Pet Sounds time of their life. Thank God Brian Wilson put his on acetate.
0790731452|5.0|Cmon people...a buncha crazy looking, wacked out 50's style aliens with fishbowls for space helmets take over the planet?? LOL What could possibly not be funny about that?! This movie is camieo GALORE, kind of a chance to see all your favorite big-time stars acting like complete and utter morons...its great!! For all the people who don't get this 50's Sci-Fi spoof, pull your head out of your @$$ and lighten up! This movie ain't no Independence Day and it sure aint another Close Encounters, so if you go into it expecting that (Not only are you a complete idiot) but you are bound to be let down, so keep that in mind if you plant to buy!
B00003CY5K|4.0|If you like your movies pink and frilly, preferably with plenty of toenail-painting, then this is your _Citizen Kane_.  As a fan of the &quot;girliness is powerful&quot; film genre, I definitely enjoyed _Legally Blonde_.  <br />As lots of reviewers have said, what keeps _Legally Blonde_ is Reese Witherspoon's wonderfully ingenuous performance as the apparently vacuous blonde who turns out to be the smartest person at Harvard Law, as well as the nicest, kindest and definitely the pinkest.  She's wonderful, and the film has enough energy and girl-affirming moments to mostly smoothe you over a few doubts.  <br />The doubts include the fact that the film itself isn't nearly as nice as its lead character.  Gays could give this film a miss if they're tired of being portrayed, and ridiculed, as mincing queens, and while the angry lesbian character is eventually softened, she spends most of the film being a different sort of cliche.  And some of the film's apparent satirical targets (Westie air-head culture, Eastie uptight sorority culture, the expectation that an engagement ring is the highest possible thing a girl can aim for, to name three) turn out to be affirmed, not undermined, by the movie's end.  And the semi-serious end, where our heroine makes the graduation keynote speech (in praise of diversity) is crying out to be leavened by a joke, and it isn't: it's meant to be taken seriously.  We don't need that sort of TV movie ending; we need More Comedy, dammit! <br />And then I notice that the jokes are often a bit small, and a bit too far apart.  When you're watching a comedy, mostly enjoying it, but you notice that the first gag to come along in a while has been a shot of the heroine's dog wearing a comical costume ... When the dog gets the best lines, or at least sight gags, you start to feel that the scriptwriters haven't worked quite as hard on this film as they should have.  <br />But I'm over-analysing, sure.  Reese Witherspoon's bright-eyed performance as a blonde who is never as dumb as she lets herself appear is a joy.  It's got a great soundtrack of California girl-rock, important tips about perm maintenance and the importance of keeping up with this year's shoes...  And it flies along having fun.  The script's nowhere near as good as girl-movie classics like _Clueless_ or even _Michelle and Romy's High School Reunion_, but _Legally Blonde_ has a star who is a phenomenon, and it has enough energy to persuade you to drop your critical faculties for 85 sugar-candied minutes.  <br />The best girl-movie of the Millenium!  Well, as at October 2001, and counting...  Anyway, Recommended for girl-movie fans.  <br />Cheers!<br />Laon
B00003CXTF|5.0|Going into the movie I didn't have high expectations, I thought it wsa going to be one of those movies that showed all the good parts in the commercial trailers. Was I ever wrong. It was filled with action mixed with romance that is not blown way out of proportion, and is actually more realistic than the pictures of what romance is supposed to be from James Camron's Titanic. I went to go see it again two more times, and I can't wait till it's release date on December 4th, 2001. Totally deserves five stars plus one for one of the best movies I've seen all year.
B000002BBY|5.0|Oasis first album &quot;Definatley Mabey&quot;, in 1995 was a strong debut album, perhaps one of the finest albums record in years, an album that seemed to be hard to follow up!<br />Their second album &quot;(What's the story) Morning Glory?&quot;, the following year, was a fantastic album, definatley one of the best albums made in history, an album that seemed inpossible to follow up!<br />First track is &quot;Hello&quot;, a great rocker, like many of their songs contains meaningfull lyrics &quot;It's never gonna be the same, cause the years are falling by like the rain&quot;. At the end of the song it goes into Gary Glitter's &quot;Hello, Hello, I'm back again&quot; (a huge hit in 1973), whcih nicely rounds off the song, espically live!<BR>This album is full of Oasis' own hit's such as &quot;Don't look Back In Anger&quot; (one of their many number 1s), &quot;Wonderwall&quot; (which was done justice by a Mike Flowers cover version, which hit the top 10 the same time as Oasis' did with it), &quot;Roll with it&quot; (did Blur's &quot;Country house&quot; really beat that song to Number 1?) and their first chart topper &quot;Some Might Say&quot;.<br />&quot;She's Electric&quot; was a very fine piece of pop-rock, a bit like Wings, with &quot;Champange Supernova&quot; remaining the number one single that never was.<br />When this album was selling by the truckload in 1995/96, this tottaly set an atmospher in music. Simular, i guess, to that of The Beatles and Elvis. Since this album the closest we have had to that again is Robbie Williams, but that was nowhere near what Morning Glory did.<br />I stated earlier in my review that this album seemed inpossible to follow up. I was right. Oasis' next album &quot;Be here now&quot; was a good album, but it was only half as good as &quot;(What's the story) Morning Glory?&quot;.
B00005N9CV|2.0|I am a big Krall fan, but this album lacked that special touch she has had on past albums.  A little bit to much orchestra, and not enough piano.  An okay album, but not great.
630451087X|3.0|LOST HIGHWAY - A confused, but brilliant, piece of work<br />\\"Very bizarre Lynchian story that makes Twin Peaks seem as easy to follow as a Sesame Street episode. Basic plot involves Pullman as a jazz musician who, believing his wife is having an affair, suddenly finds himself the main suspect in her murder.\\"<br />How true! This movie - seriously! - is an extremely confusing picture.  I, personally, never got to the point of the movie before I had to return it. It is like caviar or oysters: an acquired taste. The plots are confusing and mysterious, the characters and confusing and mysterious, and you never know what is going on.<br />But it sounds, looks, and feels great. The acting by Bill Pullman, Patricia Arquette and all the actors is finely done.  The cinematography is creepy, and the music keeps the picture from falling in a mess. A big kudos to David Lynch for making this movie without it falling apart.<br />But there is just one bottom line: If you like a puzzle or confusing, you will love it; if you like immediate satisfaction or some sort of ending, you will be disappointed.<br />RECOMMEND?  No and Yes. See above.
0375703861|4.0|I am so glad I read this book. It spans generations in a way that is breathtaking. Very insightful and thought provoking, it is the best book I've read this year . <br />Don't pass this one up!
1573300659|5.0|The King of Pop does it again with HIStory on Film: Vol. 2! Below is a summary of each video/peformance:<BR>TEASER- This commercial for the HIStory album is just as extravagant as one of Michael's music videos. Featuring Michael himself amidst thousands of soldiers, you can't go wrong with this. AWESOME!<BR>BILLIE JEAN (Performance from Motown 25: Yesterday, Today, and Forever)- This shocking performance earned Michael Jackson an Emmy nomination and started the Moonwalking craze that lives on today. CLASSIC!<BR>BEAT IT- This video, which was also featured on HIStory: Video Greatest Hits Vol. 1, is a classic from THRILLER. Featuring real gang members and stunning choreography, this video is a must-have!<BR>LIBERIAN GIRL- This video from BAD is VERY rare. I did not know it even existed before I bought this tape. Features cameos from Whoopi Goldberg, Richard Dreyfuss, Danny Glover, and even Bubbles!<BR>SMOOTH CRIMINAL- There are many versions of this music video, but the one on this tape is probably the best. Probably the best choreography of any of Michael's videos. INDISPENSIBLE!<BR>1995 MTV VIDEO MUSIC AWARDS PERFORMANCE- A showstopping performance! This is a 15-minute medly with Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough, The Way You Make Me Feel, Scream, Beat It, Black Or White, Billie Jean, Dangerous, Smooth Criminal,and You Are Not Alone. One of the most memorable performances in MTV's HIStory!<BR>THRILLER- The music video of all music videos. The masterpiece. Zombies... Werewolves... Vincent Price... What more could you ask for? Directed by John Landis(An American Werewolf in London) this video is heralded by many as the greatest music video of all time!<BR>SCREAM (Vocal duet with Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson)- The video that shocked the world in 1995. With a monstrous $7 million budget and great special effects, this video is one of my favorites. The first and only duet with Michael and Janet, this video was worth every cent.<BR>CHILDHOOD (Theme from Free Willy 2)- One of Michael's most earnest and honest songs. This video makes you wonder what it would be like to be a child for just one more day. GREAT!<BR>YOU ARE NOT ALONE- Another great video, this was the first song ever to debut on the charts at number one. Featuring Lisa Marie Presley and Michael together in the video, this is an instant classic!<BR>EARTH SONG- One of Michael Jackson's most powerful video and song EVER! This video was actually filmed in four different continents, and the people in the video are not professional actors but actually people of that region. This video is one of my personal favorites, for it is so powerful. <BR>THEY DON'T CARE ABOUT US- A great song and video with awesome percussion. This video was banned from MTV and VH1 because of the contreversy surrounding the lyrics. Directed by Spike Lee.<BR>STRANGER IN MOSCOW- An awesome song with a simple yet great concept video. It is just people walking in the rain, but when you see the video, it is so much more. <BR>BLOOD ON THE DANCE FLOOR (Refugee Camp Mix)- This video shows Michael dancing in a club with friends. Although the video is nothing too special, the song is GREAT! AWESOME!<BR>BRACE YOURSELF: A KALIEDESCOPE OF MICHAEL JACKSON HISTORY- Featured on the first HIStory video, this shows glimpses of Michael in concert and elsewhere.<BR>With this video coupled with HIStory: Video Greatest Hits Vol. 1 you have just about all of Michael Jackson's best videos and performances. ALL HAIL THE KING OF POP!<BR>Look for Michael Jackson's new album INVINCIBLE to be released in the USA on October 30 and internationally on October 29. So what're you waiting for?
0790729407|5.0|...goes the saying in Ireland, and Collins was one of them. Liam Neeson is great. There is a dark, dreary and incredibly passionate atmosphere to the whole film that makes you understand the fury and vision of this man. A must for Ireland lovers.
6305291489|5.0|Usually I do not enjoy remakes as much as the original.  Not so in this case.  This is a fun, modern adaptation of the Haley Mills classic.  And, there's a wonderful guest appearance of &quot;Vickey&quot; from the 1st version playing the mother of &quot;Dad's girlfriend&quot; here.
B000002KET|4.0|When I first heard this, I thought it was their worst album. The first side was ok, the 2nd side all fillers. Well, after 4 listens, I think it's a little better. The best tracks are the first side, and Looking For Today. Who Are You still sucks badly, but this album is a lot better than the last 2 albums. Good.
B00005JKES|5.0|WELL AT LONG LAST WE-IM SPEAKING OF THE FANS OF COURSE- HAVE THE LONG AWAITED DVD VERSION OF OUR FAVORITE SHOW.<BR>ONE OF THE THINGS I CANT WAIT TO SEE,IS THE LOG LADY INTRODUCTIONS-SHE GIVES A NARATIVE VIEW BEFORE EACH EPISODE-KIND OF INTRODUCING US AND LETTING US KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT-<BR>BUT NOT QUITE GIVING AWAY THE PLOT OF COURSE.ANOTHER THING WOULD BE  THE QUALITY.AFTER RELENTLESLY WATCHING THE CURRENT VHS COPYS WHICH WERE RECORDED IN SUPERLONGPLAY..AND THE FANS KNOW WHAT I MEAN WHEN I SAY THAT IT WAS JUST SIMPLY...BAD.<BR>ALSO COMMENTARIES BY THE DIRECTORS,AND ARCHIVAL MATERIAL FROM THE FANZINE WRAPPED IN PLASTIC?<BR>YOU KNOW YOUR IN FOR A TREAT.<BR>SO WHEN YOU PURCHASE THIS SET WHY NOT GRAB A DOZEN DONUTS,OR A WHOLE CHERRY PIE,AND OF COURSE...THAT DAMN FINE CUP OF COFFEE.<BR>THEN(IF YOURE LIKE ME)WATCH ALL SEVEN EPISODES BACK TO BACK.<BR>SURE THE PILOT IS MISSING.<BR>SO GO OUT AND RENT THAT FIRST IF YOU DONT HAVE IT.<BR>IF YOUR TRYING TWIN PEAKS FOR THE FIRST TIME...JUST KEEP YOUR MIND OPEN,AND HELP SOLVE THE MURDER OF LAURA PALMER.<BR>TRUST ME,ITS ALOT OF FUN.
0783226837|5.0|this movie was made to be a classic. it's about giant underground worms that come up from under the sand and these things that are like snacks come out and hook you and pull you in. Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward are excellent for this movie. the scenes when people get killed are really well down. the special effects are great. and the acting is good. the plot is super. on the front of the box it shows the worms having big teeth. they really don't have teeth like that. i like the part when Kevin and Fred find the guys hats full of brains and blood. it's funny when the guy gets sucked through the tire. if you haven't seen this movie go out now and rent it. you will like it.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|The American Film Institute voted 2 of Walt Disney Films into the top 100 films in the last 100 years.  They are Snow White (1937) and Fantasia (1940).  Snow White even received Special Oscars from the Academy because of it groundbreaking achievements.  This was the first full length color (from the magnificent TECHNOCOLOR pallet) animated feature told as a dramatic fairy tale.  It was the first time people actually became emotionally attached to a &quot;Toon&quot;.  Our emotions were tested and we believed! Disney from this day forward would change all our lives and our childrens and childrens childrens for all generations to come.<BR>This 2 DVD &quot;Platinum Edition&quot; (the first in a new elite series, the next one will be &quot;BEAUTY and the BEAST&quot; another one of my favorites) set of &quot;SNOW WHITE and the SEVEN DWARFS&quot; is meticulously presented to us. And provides us with a perfectly digitally remastered print of this classic film (you'll be watching this one over and over.  It's such a great story!!!).  It is so detailed and colorful.  The story was flawlessly edited and presented in a fast pace, musically toe tapping emotional roller coaster ride format.<BR>This DVD set will be educational and entertaining.  Disney Enterprises has now given us the magic and legacy of Walt Disney.  Hearing his voice on the Commentary Track and seeing him throughout his years spearheading this monumental mission of changing the world and making animated pictures respectable is just a peek at this DVD package.  There is also a dandy &quot;Dopey's Wild Mine Ride&quot; game to play. (So pay attention when watching Snow White&quot;.)<BR>All in all this is one of the best assembled DVD sets ever and Disney gets 2 thumbs up for giving us not only the Greatest animated film ever (over 2 million hand drawn pictures &amp; 3 years to make) but all the archived details of Walt Disney work too.<BR>So get ready to &quot;Whistle while you work&quot; through hours and hours offun in watching &amp; listening to this milestone DVD set.  A must, a collectible.<BR>Thank you Disney Enterprises for sharing Walt Disney's Legacy with us.
B00003CX9E|5.0|There are some who do not believe that Citizen Kane is the greatest film ever made.  Some people understand that the film has some remarkable technical innovations, yet still find the film less than compelling.  I can't really explain this reaction to the film, but it exists.  Perhaps if we understood why someone doesn't like Citizen Kane we would also unravel other great film mysteries such as  who would pay full price to see Tom Greene in something like Freddy Got Fingered and who can't wait to see Bio Dome 2.<br />Not everyone is going to agree it is the greatest film ever made or the most entertaining and once you start calling anything The Greatest of them all a bit of skeptism is likely to rear its head.  One thing is certain, most will appreciate Greg Toland's beautiful use of light and shadow and photographic genius.  And the more you know about how innovative some of the shots were and what lengths it took to accomplish them, you'll appreciate the effort even more.<br />The life of the fictional Charles Foster Kane is examined in detail.  It all starts with a quest to find out the significance of the last word kane uttered as he died -- Rosebud.  And all of the film techniques used in the film still seem fresh, the symbolism all works perfectly. In fact the film is constructed not unlike some massive reality television specials that might be called... The Unauthorized Biography of Charles Foster Kane. Of course it would be those reality television specials that are poorly mimicking some of the ideas and structures of Citizen Kane and not the other way around.  In other words we're talking about a film that can enjoyed as entertainment, not something that one only appreciates without feeling an affection or warmth toward it.  You can praise the film until you are sick of praising it and still find something in the film, a shot, a camera angle, a dissolve,  an actor's look, a line of dialogue, that will take your breath away.<br />Except for the barest hint of edge enhancement this is the cleanest, crispest and most beautiful black and white film you've ever seen on DVD.  And it doesn't look overly processed or mechanical.  In fact there are some dark scenes where for the first time I was able to see some details I've never seen before.<br />The audio is Dolby Digital 1.0.  Rather than artificially enhance and try to remix the soundtrack it was merely cleaned up and presented as clean and crisp as possible.  It might have been nice to have heard a stereo version of Bernard Herrman's magnificent score, but it would seem utterly un-natural to long time fans of the film to have an artificially enhanced stereo surround soundtrack (and the elements probably don't exist to do it anyway).<br />There's a lot of extras on the DVD's from newsreel clips to secret Easter Eggs to find and enjoy.<br />There is a generous selection of stills which are automated but can be paused if desired. One of the still galleries contains additional commentary from Roger Ebert.<br />THE POST PRODUCTION section has four subsections including Deleted Scenes which offers photos, sketches and storyboards that show scenes which did not make the final cut of the film or were abandoned even before they were shot.<br />If you highlight the sled on the features menu you will see the 5 minute interview with Ruth Warrick who played Emily Norton Kane. She talks about working with Welles and how the film was shot under strict security so no one would know exactly what was being shot or how it was all going to be put together when it was finished.<br />Click on the sled on the last page of the second section of the production notes for a brief 3 minute interview with director Robert Wise. Wise was the editor on Citizen Kane and he tells the story about meeting Welles for the first and one of the first screenings of the film for very nervous executives and lawyers.<br />On Disc 2  you will find the full length documentary The Battle Over Citizen Kane which was originally aired on P.B.S.'s American Experience Program.<br />It tells the backgrounds of both William Randolph Hearst and Orson Welles.  How their paths crossed, how the two men clashed and how Hearst became obsessed with stopping Kane and destroying Welles' career.  Kane bombed at the box-office but was then nominated for 9 Oscars, however it won only one and afterwards RKO withdrew the film from the market and put it in it's vault for several years.  Hearst's campaign to ruin the film and Welles was pretty effective but he also hurt his own career and reputation in the process.<br />The first of two feature length commentary tracks is from director Peter Bogdanovich.  Bogdanovich's comments range from discussing the film's technical achievements and analyzing the storyline to recounting conversations he had with Welles about the film.  We learn Kane is not his favorite Welles film.<br />Roger Ebert's feature length commentary is even more interesting, informative.If you are not quite sure why the film is so highly regarded this commentary will clear it up for you. Ebert spends a lot of time talking about the innovative cinematography (deep focus photography), editing, the special optical effects used to create the imagery in the film and the lighting.  He goes into some detail about the symbolism used throughout the film and how the film was actually very low budget.<br />Citizen Kane is a masterpiece and this DVD celebrates that by showing off the film at it's very best.  The extra's allow those who have not read several books, or seen documentaries about the film or Hearst and Welles to 'catch-up' with critics and film-buffs.<br />Christopher Jarmick,is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed, steamy suspense thriller.which was originally aired on P.B.S.'s American Experience Program.  <br />It tells the backgrounds of both William Randolph Hearst and Orson Welles.  How their paths crossed, how the two men clashed and how Hearst became obsessed with stopping Kane and destroying Welles' career.  Kane bombed at the box-office but was then nominated for 9 Oscars, however it won only one and afterwards RKO withdrew the film from the market and put it in it's vault for several years.  Hearst's campaign to ruin the film and Welles was pretty effective but he also hurt his own career and reputation in the process.   <br />The first of two feature length commentary tracks is from director Peter Bogdanovich.  Bogdanovich's comments range from discussing the film's technical achievements and analyzing the storyline to recounting conversations he had with Welles about the film.  We learn Kane is not his favorite Welles film.<br />Roger Ebert's feature length commentary is even more interesting, informative.If you are not quite sure why the film is so highly regarded this commentary will clear it up for you. Ebert spends a lot of time talking about the innovative cinematography (deep focus photography), editing, the special optical effects used to create the imagery in the film and the lighting.  He goes into some detail about the symbolism used throughout the film and how the film was actually very low budget.  <br />Citizen Kane is a masterpiece and this DVD celebrates that by showing off the film at it's very best.  The extra's allow those who have not read several books, or seen documentaries about the film or Hearst and Welles to 'catch-up' with critics and film-buffs. <br />Christopher Jarmick,is the author of The Glass Cocoon with Serena F. Holder a critically acclaimed, steamy suspense thriller.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I gotta tell you I got this DVD since friday, apparently here in Israel they come out ten days before USA. This DVD is gorgeus the best one I can remember since T2. The Beginning ROCKS I mean it's unlike any behind the sceans before, it's not bunch of interviews it's kinda more like Cops in a way. Now for deleted sceans. I realy can't understand the way they cut the pod-race for the release of the film. the left out all the intresting parts and went with the boring stuff. I've always got bored when I watched it. for the DVD the put back in some of those intersting moments but still the coolest of the all, sebulba's fire thrower they left out. this DVD made me love the podrace and bag for more. all in all this DVD made me like TPM much more cuz now i can better understand it and it's even got me more optimistic about AOTC cuz u can actually see that Lucas felt he went a bit to far on this one. It even made me like Jar Jar a little bit, well, maybe not like him but feel sorry for him. <br />hope you'll all enjoy.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|I was very happy to receive this special edition in the mail today.   I was amazed at how well Disney restored this film.  I am an adult who has been a fan of disney animated films, (I have most of them on vhs....But come on, why didnt they do this for the Little Mermaid? or Tarzan? They give you a pathetic barebones dvd for the Little Mermaid....Anyway I hope the rerelease  The Little Mermaid and do it justice like they did this one! I was impressed with all the special features and graphics on both dvds and the mirror is hilarious!  Disney get a clue, more people will buy your films if you stop jipping us release it right the FIRST time around!
B000051VWW|5.0|Lovers Rock provides me with a resort to a paradise unknown to me before. Sade's voice is hauntingly refreshing to hear. While many overhyped artists are being spotlighted by the media, Sade cleverly portrays her own style of music. &quot;By Your Side,&quot; the first track of Lovers Rock, is smoothly defined. Even though I had never heard of Sade before I brought this album home with me, I'm sure this won't be the last time I've heard of her.
0790700506|5.0|Gremlins is a very fun movie about a boy who gets a new pet. Everything seems good until Gizmo gets water on him and theres more. Then the others eat after midnight and turn into little monsters. The movie has funny jokes and is a great classic.
B00003CX5P|5.0|I can't believe everybody!  I know this movie's weak, but Jar-Jar wasn't put in for comic relief, he was a sub-plot in himself.  And the part with Darth Maul, there's no character development because George Lucas wanted to keep him mysterious.  I think this DVD's gonna be great.  This movie is much better than Return of the Jedi.  I'm gonna buy my copy now!
044022165X|5.0|This book is about Rudy Baylor, fresh out of law school, who has been assigned to an incredible case that just might be the greatest insurance scam ever.<br />Grisham tells a great story, somehow making a boring trial so interesting, you can't stop turning pages. From page 1, you find yourself cheering for the good guy, booing for the bad guy. You become sad or mad when Drummond (the bad guy) does something, and then can't stop yourself from smiling and letting out a little giggle when Rudy (the good guy) does something totally unexpected and stops Drummond's plan in its tracks. And in some places you stop breathing when Rudy or Drummond presents an unexpected clue to the jury.<br />There is an upleasant anti-climax at the end, but Grisham rarely has good endings. Believe me, the ending's not that important if the book is so interesting, you can read 200 pages in one sitting.<br />The Rainmaker is definitely Grisham's best book and there will always be a place for it on my bookshelf.
B00005Q45W|5.0|This is the smoothest, most personal, affecting and well-executed Cohen album yet.  A classic. &quot;My Secret Life&quot; could easily top the Soul charts given the proper publicity, and the rest of the CD is...exquisite.  Well worth a decade of waiting.
B000002VQQ|5.0|A low hype on the punk rock scene, but a high critical acclaim, of course &quot;Horses&quot; would be one of those inevitable records by most music lovers &amp; explorers. The introductory piano of &quot;Gloria&quot; made me think of the Lilith Fair type of musicianship, Sarah McLachlan-esque, moody, lonely piano scenarios. Then, I heard the country-esque progress of the song, then I got a little turned off &amp; somewhat provoked to stop my CD player. But when she started getting bitchier &amp; bitchier with her unique vocal stylings, &amp; ubiquitous high pitch falsetto on the end of each word she sings, I was very turned on once again. And the poetry-based &quot;Birdland&quot; made me fall in love with &quot;Horses&quot; all of a sudden. What was very impressive of &quot;Horses&quot; would probably be the simplistic musicianship, but the complex results of the songs. Which makes me conclude that she's no ordinary performer who's made her mark, but she's a pioneer, in the heights of the Velvet Underground, Talking Heads, &amp; the New York Dolls. And the poetry within these songs, which are very evident, was somewhat emphasized through her not singing it, but most of the time reciting it. The track &quot;Land&quot; is a masterpiece all to itself. A song that could stand by itself &amp; would still be considered a full-length &amp; undoubtedly one of the best. The song was a very diverse form of art. Predictably the visuals of Patti singing live &amp; enthusiastic, the complex (but really is simple) instrumentation, &amp; the waves of song &amp; poetry coming out of Patti. If you were lost within this song, the words seem to jump out of nowhere &amp; hit you hard, like being in the eye of the storm.<BR>Without the text prior to this, &quot;Horses&quot; could simply be considered as a masterpiece. And Patti Smith; truly the high priestess of punk rock.
B00004TDRD|5.0|Jaws is very well done. It has good special effects for when it was made. I own the DVD myself. The movie is about a giant shark that starts attacking people. When there are too many kills Roy Scheider is sent out on a boat to kill the great shark. The movie very good and is a must see.
B00005LK1Q|5.0|Again I'm the first reviewer of a piece of art. Where are you looking at, people?. <BR>The group is the classical, except for Alan White which replaces Bill Bruford with an unsuspected talent. <BR>This is a four movement work, 20 minutes each. Everyone are Anderson-Howe-Yes' compositions.<BR>The Revealing Science of God is the best of them, beautiful and consistent from the first to the last note. By the other three the group tries to groove into the soloist abbilities of those great musicians. <BR>The Remembering is the most quiet, though it has rocking parts in the middle to avoid you fall asleep. Wakeman overcome with synth parts resembling the horizon landscapes that the cover mix between the lyrics. I think there's no piano on the whole record, and his approach is mostly &quot;ambient-new age&quot;-like. <BR>The Ancient is based on Howe's guitars. This is the most experimental work of the entire Yes discography -but at a time  compositively solid- ending with a spanish guitar solo derivated of course from Fragile's Mood for a Day.<BR>Ritual is the piece to show Squire's bass skills, but also includes experimental percussion-synth parts, and calm songs to balance the whole piece. <BR>Through opus like that progressive music have prooved it's point: rock with new instruments could be so qualified as the best composers of history.
630157401X|5.0|Honestly, I don't like the first two Jones films. They're sort of grotesque for my taste, but this one is witty, fairly clean, and full of good honest (and entertaining) action. A must-have for your collection!
B000021YQV|5.0|This is my first time I've heard SOAD.  I heard &quot;Chop Suey&quot; on the radio and even had seen the video and decided to give it a try.  I must say &quot;Toxicity&quot; is one of the most aggressive albums I've heard this year(not the heaviest, Slipknot's &quot;Iowa&quot; is heavier but worse).  This album is a very good album to work out to and to get you feeling aggressive yourself.  My only complaints would be that some of the lyrics are too repetitive but that annoyance goes away after a few listens.  Some of the song lyrics you just want to laugh at the way they are pulled off.  Such as &quot;Bounce&quot; which talks about a Pogo stick, to make a song about a pogo stick so cool is an accomplishment in itself.  &quot;Forest&quot; is another great song.  &quot;ATWA&quot; is very solid, I love how the lead singer trills his R's in the chorus.  This album concludes with &quot;Aerials,&quot; a song that was put together very well and concludes with soothing mid-eastern music.  I see a lot of potential with SOAD which is why I recommend this album because I think the next album will be very good, but this one is pretty close to perfect.
B00005N5S5|5.0|James Carmeron's Terminator has been given a state-of-the-art 5.1 stereo remix and also a fantastic hi-definition video transfer following the release of Terminator 2 (Ultimate Edition). This DVD contains over 2.5 hours of bonus material, i.e. documentaries, &quot;terminated&quot; scenes complete with commentary, photo galleries, the script and much more. The first thing you will notice when playing the movie is the superb video and sound quality...All of the sounds have been remixed, some deleted even. Gun shots and explosions now have more atmosphere and depth, and no longer sound like those cheap sound effects from the 1980's. Everything, including the music sounds state-of-the-art. You will not be disappointed unless you like movies to stay true to their original mixing. But I just have to say that this was a job well done....and maybe even one of the best quality DVD movies in my whole collection. If you pick this movie up make sure to pick up its sequel Terminator 2 (Ultimate Edition).
6301871952|4.0|Gremlins 2 is great just like the first. This movie is more of a spoof than a horror. The gremlins are now unleashed in a building in N.Y. called The Clamp Building. This movie is fun and will make a great one to have in your house to watch whenever you want. Your going to love it.
0446677450|5.0|I went to Robert's seminar in DC, and it was quite good.  He summarized very well about what all this books talk about.  Yes, his writing style is very informal and conversational.  That makes it very easy for me to absorb investment concepts which have been foreign to me, such as assets/liabilities and passive income.<br />However, if you are knowledgeable about investing, this book will not be for you.  It is like taking a well-taught 101 college accounting course with a MBA degree under your belt.  It does not matter how good the instructor is, and it would still be boring because you know your stuff already.<br />...
B00003CXSM|5.0|I loved the movie and thought it was so cute!<BR>I had to get it for a relative in the family as well...
B00000257O|5.0|I originally bought this on vinyl when it first came out...<BR>that was some 25 years ago when I was just a teenager...I like it  better now than I did then...It's like some kind of a funky wine that only improves with age...
B00005N9CV|5.0|This will be my favorite CD for quite some time.  A classic right out of the box.  If you are looking for that loving feeling that some music can produce, then this is the cd for you.  This would be a good 3rd Date CD to pop in when you get back to &quot;Your&quot; place if you know what I mean.<br />Buy it, you won't regret it one second.
6302517052|5.0|This movie is very fun to watch. It is like GREMLINS. It's fun. The critters land their spaceship at a farm and start taking over. A family is attacked by the furry things and have no chance in surviving. Until two bounty hunters arrive and get rid of the hungry critters once and for all. Very fun flick
0790729601|3.0|Drawing from dozens of other, marginally better movies such as Mission Impossible, Arnold pulls out the heavy weaponry in this film marketed as a \\"thriller.\\" It's got the big bangs, sexy costars and big guns, but the story is flat and the characters are cardboard cutouts. But hey, you're not going to watch this kind of a film to be enlightened, and it performs adequately enough. This is sort of the Ford Taurus of big-budget action adventures. It's pretty solid, but nothing to write home about.<BR>There are plenty of better choices out there, including the aforementioned MI, as well as other Arnold movies (Terminator I & II, Predator and even Conan) that rank above this in entertainment value. Ten years from now, this is a movie that few will even remember.<BR>....
B00005JKES|5.0|...for the absence of the pilot on this otherwise great sounding boxset. From what I understand, Artisan tried to get the rights to it, but WB decided to be jerks and balked at the request. I imagine there's two things a Twin Peaks fan could do about this: send an e-mail to the studio requesting that they release it, and show there is a demand for TP on DVD by buying this set and Fire Walk With Me when it comes out.<BR>Honestly, one would have to be pretty foolish not to buy this strictly on the fact that there's no pilot. Most likely, this is going to the best the series has ever looked, and there's a plethora of extras to boot. But to the people who still aren't happy, you could do like someone else suggested and wait two-three years, then burn your sorry-looking EP tapes to DVD. Of course, by that time the pilot could be out, along with the second season, but hey, it's cheaper!<BR>Oh yeah, the series itself.... Season One: yay! Season Two: 30% nay, 70% yay. Insightful criticism, don't you think?
B00004VXF2|3.0|The stories you've probably already heard about this album are true:  it is indeed an hour's worth of pure feedback.  Which is not to say it's monotonous - there are plenty of twists and turns in the noise, however accidental they may be - but it's not for everybody.  I, for one, don't buy into the idea that it's any kind of grand artistic statement; and no, there aren't really any classical-style trills amidst the noise.  I believe Lou Reed himself has admitted at some point that there aren't.<br />What, then, does this innovative and bizarre recording have to recommend it?  Believe it or not, it does hold one's attention surprisingly well as the sound effects from Reed's two guitars bounce off one another, rise and fall, and produce the occasional and accidental rhythm.  The sheer grating quality of the &quot;music&quot; is also surprisingly cleansing, and even useful as background noise for concentrating on reading in a distracting situation.  (This was pointed out to me by my girlfriend, who likes studying along to the disc.)  The finale also is unexpectedly climactic, building up an hour's worth of tension in a rhythmic series of pops until as suddenly as it started, it's over.  (This is accidental, as Reed's original idea for the end of the vinyl LP was quite different, as is explained in the CD's fascinating liner notes.  But it's a worthy part of the recording all the same)<br />Undeniably, there is an emperor's-new-clothes aspect to this album, and I admit to being as mystified as anyone as to why Reed risked his career for it.  But if you have any interest in the avant-garde of rock and roll or you just like topsy-turvy noise, this is the right album.
0792845730|2.0|Robocop is okay. But I don't really like it much.  The setting is in Detroit. It's about a cop who is killed and then is turned into a robocop. He's then sent out to stop the bad guys while also getting revenge on those who killed him. I didn't like it but see it if you want. You might like it.
B00003CXZ1|3.0|This was a missed opportunity frankly to create a female version of the Indiana Jones franchise. They got the female part right, certainly, with the luscious Angelina Jolie and they included a number of great action scenes, including a marvelous set-piece where Jolie just happens to be hanging from a bungie cord in the center of her house. But the story could hardly have been lamer. It makes no sense. I won't go into all of the details. If you care about such things, you can read some of the other reviews here, and if you want to see the movie even if it has a lame story, it won't matter what I say anyways.<BR>But two observations I had: 1) The trailer for this movie got cut from the actual film! (That whole scene where she and one of the bad guys are taunting each other). What the heck is that?<BR>2) For such a supposedly smart lady, she has absolutely horrible taste in men.<BR>Other than that, the film has all of the requisite explosions, funky sets and pseudo-mystical mumbo jumbo to back up the schlocky fake archeological plot. <BR>Bottom line: Rent, don't buy, and leave your brain at the door.
B000021YQV|5.0|System, when I had first heard their debut in 99, was one of the most promising debuts of the time. While coming in at a time where music was just begining to really come to a cliff(music hit the ground hard this year. So much crap these days), System Of A Down created almost their own niche of metal. Sort of an odd-ball mix of a ton of genres with heavy overtones. Almost 4 years since their debut, they show no sign of softening anytime soon...<br />Luckly though, progression does show. Serj's voice is used much more fully. Daron's guitar is much more refined but just as wacky. Shavo still knocks out some great bass riffs. And John hits the skins as good as the debut.<br />The evolution feels much more progressive than most albums. Still serving up the music that you loved from the first album, but with more refinement. Keyboards are added for good messure and some songs almost have a progressive edge to them. The songs themselves, once again stand out from each other. All with there own distinctive personality.<br />But the question remains; if you didn't like the first album, will I like this one? My oppinion: Probably not. It's quirks are very similar to the first album and if you didn't find them apealing before, then you probably wont like them here either. 'Carse, I might be wrong...<br />So once again, System destructs metal as we know it. Chopping it in their own delectible way that keeps us coming back for more. The great thing is that SOAD keeps trying to propell themselves above the current crop of nu-metal garabage that seems to have polluted stores in 2001. Whether they can do this for years to come is uncertain, but at least they'll entertain us along the way...
B00003CXRP|5.0|Tom Hanks plays Chuck Noland, a FedEx employee whose run-by-the-clock lifestyle changes when an airplane carrying him crashes on the Pacific Ocean. Chuck, the only survivor, drifts to a deserted island where he has to learn to stay alive. <BR>Tom Hanks does an excellent performance in Cast Away. I think this is one of the best movies of the year. <br />DVD picture is labelled 2.35:1 but it is actually 1.85:1 which is the Cast Away's theathical aspect ratio. Picture quality is very good for an NTSC format. There's no notable noise and colors are superb. DVD includes both Dolby Digital EX and DTS ES soundtracks. Personally I prefer DTS, because it's a bit more aggressive than the Dolby one. Disc 1 also includes THX optimization program, which is good for those without any test discs. There are plenty of extras on disc one. Trailers are presented in fullscreen format and with Dolby Surround soudtrack which is a minus for those who love trailers.
6302787564|5.0|GREAT MOVIE. one of Micheal Douglas's best movie. It starts off in his car. he's in a traffic jam and it's hot out and his airconditoning doesn't work. I've felt the same way he did. he gets out of his car and says he's going home to the guy in the car behind him. i like it when the puncks start asking for his bag because he's on their land. Micheal calles their hill a \\"... ground\\" the punck says give us your ...bag. he says\\"okay, okay i just want you to know i was going to respect your place and treat you like a man but you couldn't leave it alone could you. you couldn't let a man sit for 5 minutes on your piece of .... hill. fine you can have my bag i'll get it for you.\\" then he gets a bat and wacks them. it's a great movie. he's just having a bad day. trust me you'll love it.
0767803434|4.0|You want to see some hijacking terrorists get their butts kicked by Harrison Ford? Well, this does the trick. A lot of folks complained about the supposed unrealistic nature of this film, but I think we know now that it isn't as unrealistic as we would have hoped. As far as this movie goes, it is a thrill ride that is sort of like Die Hard on Air Force One, with the president playing the John McClane character in place of Mr. Willis. The terrorists are complex in their rationale, but ultimately, like all terrorists, they are evil at heart. Frankly, it's a bit unnerving to watch it all happening on the screen. But unrealistic is not the word to use any more. Sure, parts of it strain credulity, but so does virtually every action adventure film (automatic weapons fire never seems to actually hit the good guys in Rambo, or Mr. Schwarzenneger, or Mr. Willis, for example).<BR>In fact, I was sold on this movie mainly by the performance of Ford, who does an absolutely Oscar-caliber portrayal of the kind of president we all imagine in our dreams. He brings a believability and an integrity to every character he plays, whether it be as president, Han Solo or Indiana Jones.<BR>This ultimately isn't exactly deep, and it is somewhat derivative, but it's still a great action flick. And it may be just what you need right now.
B00003CXX8|3.0|I love the actors in this movie!  Hands down, you couldn't have picked a better cast.  The &quot;glass house&quot; used in the film adds a lot of interesting mood throughout the film but what about all the rain?  Does it really rain that much in Malibu?  It seemed like it only rains at night strangely enough and then it's bright and sunny the next day like it never rained the night before?  Hmmm.  I guess I am nitpicking on this one but it simply doesn't hold one genuine candle of suspense throughout the whole film!  To start off, Leelee does not even look remotely 16 years old, (she's actually 23), Diane Lane (I can't believe how she has literally never aged!) is a brilliant actress but she's left scraping for crumbs here since her talent is far wasted against Stellan's character.  Unfortunately, this movie plays like an afterschool special that ABC decided to air at night-LOL.  It's got the dark atmosphere, the creepy incestial sensibilities, the weird familial episodes of drug use and the odd brother sleeping with sister thing, but it just doesn't tie together well.  Too many plot holes, too many scenes that don't gel together properly and not enough &quot;realism&quot; to keep the audience interested.  Wait for video on this one folks!
B00003CXSM|3.0|Nice to see but it was an average movie.
B00004THAY|4.0|While it is true &quot;Riding With the King&quot; fails to compare to &quot;From the Cradle&quot; or any B.B. live album, it showcases two of the greatest blues talents together, playing blues for the fun of it. The only standouts are &quot;Riding With the King&quot; and &quot;I Wanna Be.&quot; The rest of the tracks, such as &quot;Ten Long Years&quot; and &quot;Three O'Clock Blues&quot; are solid yet unspectacular, and they act as a showcase for the awesome guitar playing ability of both Clapton and King more than for their songmanship. Overall, &quot;Riding With the King&quot; is a solid buy and a must for blues enthuisiasts like myself.
079284131X|3.0|This movie to me is one of the most humorous horror movies ever made. I would say it is right up there with Evil Dead 2 and Army of Darkness as it pertains to comedy. The story line is basic and has many holes but all in all it is a fun movie. Not really scary, but some great one liners. Chuckie is a smaller version of Arnold with the one liners and a foul mouth. The DVD is just awful that is why I deducted two stars. Full Screen, Why? I do not want a modified version to fit my screen I want to see the whole movie as it was presented in the theatres. Plenty of artifacting and color bleeds. The blacks are not sharp and the brightness tends to shift. It appears they copied this right from the same source material they used for the VHS release. Come MGM you could have cleaned it up a bit. The audio was also inferior going through peaks and valleys. Hopefully they will re-release this as a special addition and clean it up the way it should have been for this release!
B00005QCYC|5.0|This box set is very cool. It has all three films plus a bonus fourth disc containg footage never before seen from the trilogy. If you already bought the first three films, don't panic just yet. I heard that Universal is being very cool by allowing the bonus disc and cover box to be purchased separetly. Although I do not see it on Amazon yet, I am 99.9% sure that it will be aviable. Enjoy!
B00004TH6O|5.0|i bought this cd because i liked \\"the lost art of keeping a secret\\" which i had heard somewhere, and because it was [really inexpesive]...it turned out to be some of the most creative music i have ever heard...i like every song on the whole cd, especially autopilot, better living through chemistry, etc.  if you like heavy music but are tired of all the same [stuff], then listen to this...
B00005QW5X|5.0|Saw the film &amp; show, in Edinburgh.  Very dynamic &amp; emotional film, exploring Hedwig's search for her other half (from Palto's theory of the gods splitting us into seperate people - the origin of love).  After having a botched gender change, to escape from East Berlin with her sugar daddy, Hedwig tells her story.  The music is excellent and has an outstanding performance from John Camerin Mitchell.  Must See.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I used to like LB... i didnt like their first album cuz im into rap and it wasnt rap at all... Significant Other was good, their best in my opinion. So, when I heard that DMX, XZIBIT, METHODMAN, and da funk doctah spock himself, REDMAN were all on dis album i thought itd be a pretty good buy... I was wrong. Limp Bizkit is gone pretty much beyond repair... im really gonna miss songs like \\"nookie\\" and \\"break stuff\\"... but whut to do? this CD is realllllly bad. i mean it. it aint heavy at all... it cant be true rock and it ain't HIP HOP/RAP AT ALL! whut da hell iz dis... basically DONT BUY IT unless u want a really good laugh. Go buy Jay-Z's new album the Blueprint cuz thats a tight album.<BR>PEACE
B00005QCYC|5.0|THE JURASSIC PARK MOVIES ARE THE BEST!  THEY HAVE EVERYTHING; SUSPENSEFUL ACTION, INTELLIGENT DRAMA, SUPERB ACTING, AND THE MOST AMAZING SPECIAL EFFECTS EVER!  THEYRE ABSOLUTELY TERRIFYING FILMS AND JURASSIC PARK IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME!  SURE THE SECOND ONE'S NOT THAT GREAT BUT THE THIRD MAKES UP FOR IT!  I LOVE THESE MOVIES!  IF YOU WANT EDGE OF YOUR SEAT ACTION, ADVENTURE, AND TERROR, THESE ARE THE MOVIES!
B00001OH7N|5.0|Sexually strong and psychologically weak; with a mind full of whatever futuristic concepts and religious enigmas late nights at the book store provided him, unafraid of using wild images of doublegangers and monsters, full of ambiguity and androgyny, with a shrill and unreplicable voice and downright weird, this album is David Bowie at his best. Released in 1970, The Man Who Sold the World would kick off a decade of style leadership and excellence for Bowie.<br />In should be noted, though, that the Man Who Sold the World is different from other Bowie albums of the 70s (not to say that they did not each have their own flavor) in that it is blistering hard rock. From the opening of Width of a Circle, one knows that this is going to be a guitar rock album. Indeed, throughout the album, guitarist Mick Ronson, echoes such a mighty, murky, brash thunder that the album could have given him a name beside his generation's greats if his name had been on the cover. The aforementioned song might be the best of he and Bowie's careers. In a sleek and sexually bold narrative, Bowie puts himself face to face with ghastly metaphysical enigmas and echoes the wayward guilt and confusion we all encounter when facing these issues.<br />Across the album, neither Bowie nor Ronson have a weak moment. The next track, All the Madmen, Bowie chillingly echoes the paranoia of anyone (like Bowie's half-brother a year earlier) who has ever been institutionalized. Running Gun Blues, about a World War II soldier who is MIA and is never told the war is over brings back the brutal nature of the past and the worst of human instinct while, Savior Machine, about a machine programmed to be a leader brings forth the savage, fatal autonomy of the future and the worst in complex human though. The album continues on a high note up until Bowie's last chilling howl of \\"Die!\\" and Ronson's final guitar squeak on \\"The Supermen,\\" named and themed after a Nietzsche concept.<br />The Man Who Sold the World flooredme since the first time I look a listen to my mother's cassette copy and, yet again, became very thankful of the previous generation of music. In all of its savagery, sophistication and wildness, it remains one of my absolute favorite albums.
B00005O3VC|5.0|...<br />I love this movie. It's hilarious. <br />\\"Once in a lifetime, there comes a motion picture which changes the entire history of motion pictures. One such film was Akira Kurosawa's 'The Seven Samurai.' Another was 'Ivan the Terrible.' Then come the more run-of-the-mill films like 'Herbie Rides Again,' 'La Notte' and 'Monty Python and the Holy Grail.'\\"<br />When I taped this movie, I was gladly surprised that the station not only broadcast a slightly longer version of the movie (+24 seconds - this is also the on the special edition), but also showed us the movie trailer beforehand. And that trailer is perhaps even funnier than the whole movie. I was deeply disappointed that it wasn't on the previous release, but now the world has a chance to see the most absurd and perhaps most successful way of promoting a movie ever.<br />\\"Monty Python and the Holy Grail.<BR>Only five minutes from this restaurant.\\"
B00005K9OX|5.0|When people describe a terrorist movie, they often say stuff like &quot;It's like 'Die Hard'- only there are twenty terrorists instead of twelve. That's right, 'Die Hard' is the most outstanding, most memorable, and most entertaining action movie ever! Really. When NY cop John McClane (Bruce Willis) visits his ex-wife's office party in LA on Christmas Eve, he gets caught up in a terrorist takeover led by Hans (a slick Alan Rickman). Evading the terrorists bare-footed, in a vest, and with his trusty pistol, McClane must try to save the lives of the hostages (including his wife). The breakneck pace of the movie makes it feel like one long action sequence that is snappily edited and tautly directed by John McTiernan. The various scrapes Willis undergoes and the suttle plot twists makes the movie a winner already. However, this film simply gets better and better as the police arrive on the scene and the terrorists up the ante. The acting suits the situations well and makes the film easy to get into right from the start. The action scenes themslves are simply stunning - whether it's a punch-up or a last resort leap off the roof of the skyscaper seconds before it explodes. No other action movie comes close, not even it's two sequels- although the third 'Die Hard' has a good stab. Anyone who hasn't seen this film needs a check up at the doctors- see it, buy it. Now. Go on... NOW!
B00003CXRP|4.0|...a lil on the preposterous side, but if you suspend belief (which is what going to the movies is all about anyway!) and settle back, then i think you will find yourself enjoying this...i cant help but to compare this movie to gilligan's island, tho...hanks plays both the professor and the skipper with 'wilson' playing the hapless lil buddy role...it drags about two-thirds of the way thru for about 10 minutes, but then again most movies drag for longer than that!  buy this if you like tom hanks...if you can sit thru the 'perfect storm' then this is no problem.
0067575315|5.0|This book is filled with information on how the Batman animated serie came together.  My favorite parts are in the character design and the story boarding.  It's pretty amazing to see from concept to completion.  I love the drawing style of all the characters.  If you're into character design, definitely check out this book.  Kinda pricy for poor starving art students thought...
6305728437|5.0|Mulan is the story of a young girl who seemingly is out of place in her locale.  She's a bit of a klutz around the house and when she goes for an evaluation by the all important, she makes a shambles of the whole process.  None of these actions are intentional, they just seem to happen to Mulan.<br /><br />The turning point comes when there is an invasion of China from the west and able bodied men are summoned to join the Army.  Mulan's father, though not really fit, feels he must answer the call as he has no sons to send to serve the emporer.  Mulan hears of this and she disguises herself and runs off to the Army.  Here she is still disastor prone but when the training is done and the crunch comes, she proves herself to be all too competent and courageous, ultimately gaining the thanks of the emporor himself.<br /><br />This film is extremely well crafted.  The villians are typcially dark, brooding and sinister.  You know as soon as you come across them in the opening scenes of the film that they will not be good for China.  Violence is more implied than actually scene or it is indirect such as an avalanche that Mulan creates to save her unit buddies as they prepare to be over run by the human wave crashing down on them.  Villages are over run but there is no on screen gore, more just wrecked homes and scattered childrens toys.  The weasely snitch from the royal court is extremely well done.  He soon reveals that he is more at home with palace intrigues than roughing it with the troops.<br /><br />I found this to be a good film and with some parental preparation, it should be able to be viewed by all children, not to mention adults.  I found it to be a highly entertaining, and at times moving, film.  I recommend it to all.
B00004UEE5|2.0|performance is great.<br />sound is presented with pcm digital recording and it explodes.<br />the probrem is the digital transfer of video.<br />this disc shows digital noise consistently throughout the performance. especially when the object moves fast, such as the movement of conductor's arms.<br />once you start noticing the noise that follows every movement of mr. barenboim's arms, it distracts you much.<br />since the performance is great, i'm very dissapointed with the poor video transfer...
B00005N9CV|5.0|I read the customer reviews and still took the leap and bought it.  Her piano is very present and even though the orchestration is elaborate, it works for me.  Buy this CD for your cocktail time.
B00000I600|5.0|David Ball makes a pleasant enough electronic tinkle, but what really distinguishes the music of this early 80s duo is the voice and warped world-view of Marc Almond. In his endearingly smutty picture of the Universe, every movie is a porn flick; every telephone call carries heavy breathing; every public toilet is a heaving, grunting haven of gay sex; and every respectable facade conceals a perverted double life. What makes this so entertaining is that to a certain extent it's actually true.<br />Almond has the innocence of the little boy in 'The Emperor's New Clothes' who points out that all the people are 'naked.' We all know this, of course, but as mature, sophisticated, self-seeking, duplicitous adults we prefer to keep up appearances. Also, most of us have got over the first shock and guilt of sexuality. For Almond this proved more difficult, and in songs like 'Sex Dwarf,' 'Seedy Films,' and 'My Secret Life,' we encounter that exaggerrated adolescent sense of cynicism and fascination with sex.
B000005JAX|5.0|A well done, though slightly sundry collection of Gore solo work. If you liked the gentle pre-violator songs a la &quot;sometimes&quot;, &quot;somebody&quot; this CD will be to your liking. Strong leanings towards mid-80's synth sound background overlayed with excellent Gore vocals! Songs in my opinion vary strongly in strength of composition and roughness of mix-down. The last two songs in particular seem a little unfinished and slightly misplaced on this CD, though still worth listening to. The first song alone, though, has made this purchase worthwhile for me, hence the strong rating
0553579908|5.0|A Clash Of Kings a novel by George R. R. Martin is another fine entry in his fantasy series called A Song Of Ice And Fire. The author, George R. R. Martin is an excellent writer and make no mistake about it, this series is the best set of novels I have read in years (in any genre).  Very rarely will I read books twicenormally most books do not warrant 2 reads.  However, these books are rich in detail and every page draws the reader further into the story. <br />Martin writes each chapter as if it were a short story and every chapter is written from a different point of view.  Even minor characters have their own stories.  His world is made up of people surviving difficult situations and each character reacts differently to circumstances  based upon their own interests.  No person is completely good or bad, Martins characters are people who make mistakes and likewise they are people who capitalize on mistakes made by others.  This makes for fascinating reading.     <br />Martins world is a place of knights and kings.  His people have different religions and different customs.  In sum his world is as real a place as you can expect of a fantasy novel. Therefore, the story is far too large to summarize here but suffice it to say that Martins world is up for grabs.  There are 6 kings/rulers fighting it out to see who will survive.  The amazing thing is some leading characters actually dont survive.  Martin has the courage and literary skill  to kill off both major and minor characters and yet the story does not suffer.  Intertwined in the political intrigue there are stories of love, stories of betrayal, stories of war.<br />If you select this book you will not be disappointed.
B00003CX5P|5.0|It was said that Star Wars wouldnt make its way to DVD for years to come.  However the demand grew so intence, Lucas decided to feed our hunger, if only for a little while.  I got this DVD early from a friend who works at Blockbuster...so i was very excited to be amoung the first to own this film on DVD.  <br />Everyone has seen Episode 1 so I dont need to go on about the movie itself, but the special features instead.<br />Disc one has commentary with George Lucas and Crew, but no cast memebers.  That itself is the only dissapointing thing on this DVD.  It would have been nice to hear Liam Neeson, and Ewan McGregor talk about the experience.  Also George Lucas pauses for long periods of time, before speaking again, I started losing interest into what he was saying, and more interested in watching the film again.<br />Disc two has all the good stuff, outside of the movie.  You can view the deleted scenes seperately, or they are intergrated back into the movie, if you can catch them.  The film itself has many extended scenes at Corousant, and The Pod Race at Tatooine.  Each deleted scene comes with an interview with Lucas explainging why it was cut and so on.<br />The rest is all normal features.  There are 5 documentaries and a bunch of other toys to play with.  Its really a great DVD, with hours of fun.  Also each time you put it in, the menu screen changes to a different scene.  Its really nice looking.<br />It sounds great, picture looks great.  Feels like your back in the theatre again..all you need is movie popcorn.<br />GO GET THIS ONE.
6305013578|1.0|When I saw this DVD at a bargain price, I said \\"Wow, I've got to get this deal.\\"  I was ...  It's not much money, but I could have spent it on a couple of six-packs. I thought DVD was supposed to mean outstanding quality. I've seen 16mm films on Fatty Arbuckle  from 1920 that look better than this.  Absolutely the worst I've ever seen.  The \\"soundtrack\\" sounds like a  bad funeral ...  I've never seen this movie all the way through because every print I've ever seen loses my interest after 15 minutes or so.  Maybe it's just way past its prime.  Maybe it's just a relic.<br />I'm confused.  Well, at least I've got a new coaster for the beer.
B00003CXXI|4.0|A fairy tale with the most unlikely ogre and donkey. Excellent for kids and just as good for adults. The movie has superbly well crafted dialogues and an interesting premise. The animation is quite attractive and smooth. And, what the heck, I do like the ogre and love the bad-mouthed donkey too!
0800141601|1.0|I have been a fan of Arthur for years. I have watched movies, documentaries, and read books. This movie has nothing remotely resembling the true tale of Arthur. There is no merlin, excalibur, quest for the grail, percival, morgan le fay...etc. They just thought if they used the names Arthur, Lancelot and Guenivere that this horrible movie would sell better. It is a silly plot with guenivere being captured repeatedly by the bad guy and saved repeatedly by the good guy. The worst part about this movie is the way Sean Connery plays this role. King Arthur is a hero and a king. This movie portrays him as weak and almost less than a man. He KNOWS all along what is going on with Lancelot and his wife and chooses to do nothing! If you want a real movie, buy Excalibur. It is as good as this movie is bad.
0553106635|5.0|This is a wonderful series.  Better than wonderful.  Complex, beautifully written, unapologetically historical.  Martin takes the War of the Roses and makes it magical.<br />It is so much better than any other fantasy series on the market it is really in a class by itself.  Forget about hacks like Jordan or Goodkind.  They are writing for the third grade classroom, and they are both barely literate.  Martin writes for grownups.<br />Nightmare scenario:  the publication date of Dance of Dragons is pushed back to Feb. 2004.  Say it ain't so?  But I fear that is the scuttlebutt.  <br />The bad news is we have to wait.  The good news is it is worth the wait. Sigh.
B00003CXXS|5.0|This movie is jam packed with action big time !!!<BR>If you havn't seen this movie you have to ! This movie is better than the others .<BR>But you don't have to take my opinion and see it and hate it !!!!!<BR>I'm saying that I like this movie so when it comes to DVD rent it first and see if you like it and if you do please buy it !<BR>It's one of the greatest films that i've ever seen so see ya later !!!
0553106635|5.0|This is a wonderful series.  Better than wonderful.  Complex, beautifully written, unapologetically historical.  Martin takes the War of the Roses and makes it magical.<br />It is so much better than any other fantasy series on the market it is really in a class by itself.  Forget about hacks like Jordan or Goodkind.  They are writing for the third grade classroom, and they are both barely literate.  Martin writes for grownups.<br />Nightmare scenario:  the publication date of Dance of Dragons is pushed back to Feb. 2004.  Say it ain't so?  But I fear that is the scuttlebutt.  <br />The bad news is we have to wait.  The good news is it is worth the wait. Sigh.
B00005LOUP|3.0|Some parts were really sad and it's not funny at all either .<BR>So like I said it's not funny . I think their just trying to make people laugh so I really wouldn't recommend this film to everyone . I mean it's okay but that's all you know !!!<BR>But it's still a good christmas movie I MIGHT buy it ?
B00003CXAA|5.0|Everyone pretty much knows these movies before they're buying them so I don't have to get too critical about the stories.  We all know they are up there in the history of film.  Did the DVD's rank up there as well though?  YES.<br />First of all, I owned the VHS copies of these movies.  The DVD's as you can imagine provide excellent visual clarity and sharp colors in the picture.  That in itself is a reason to buy these DVD's even if you own them in VHS.  The picture quality IS that much better.  For those who have a sound system, the 5.1 audio tracks are very welcome.  The sound distribution was decent, but at times scant in terms of surround sound.  That's not a fault of the sound mix, but more of the movie's quiet, dark tone.  There aren't whirling bullets or massive explosions left and right to employ every channel, every scene to its maximum.  Nonetheless when it has to, all 5 channels are used efficiently.<br />The main disc people will be hungering for will be Disc 5.  The whole thing is just bonus features.  The documentaries, featurettes, historical/rehearsal footage, etc... are all abundant and appropriate.  This is unlike other DVD's that cram itself with useless features that provide no insight into the film's making or history.  Every feature in here provides something new and interesting for the Godfather buff.  Now, some may be redundant such as the deleted scenes that were edited into the movie when they aired the Godfather Saga chronologically.  Nonetheless, it's a gem to have them all here isolated.  Lastly, the commentaries by Coppola are superb as anyone who has heard his commentaries before already knows.  It's like he's sitting there on the couch with you and telling you little tidbits of the movie as you watch along.  And the thing is, every word out of his mouth is economical.  Nothing irrelevant or rambling is spoken.  Another plus.<br />Overall, Paramount has not let us down.  This was well worth the wait and it met or exceeded my expectations on various levels.  If you are a fan of the Godfather series, this is a must.  Even if is just for that fifth disc of bonus features.  Regardless, every disc in this set is a bonus.  Well worth the money.
B000002V0Q|5.0|Even though Countdown to Extinction might be more streamlined and Commercial than the previous Megadeth records, I still love the sound. It is still Megadeth. Hard riffs, fast and furious, and noone can roll an R like Mustaine can. This album does not contain any weak tracks. The album also shows that Mustaine takes a stand, and many of the tracks are political statements. Captive Honor(Imprisonment), Countdown to Extinction(Wildlife protection), Foreclosure of a Dream(War). It is good to see a relevant album that makes a statement.
B00005QIPH|3.0|People keep saying this is a rebirth of the sound of the 70s underground in New York. In truth, there's very little of that - really it sounds more like New Order filtered through Pavement's guitars with Mo Tucker filling in on drums. In response to two of the most name-dropped comparisons, there's no more New York-era Stooges in here than any other indie band, and you really have to struggle to hear any Blondie in this.  The reality is that the Strokes' snowball would not have tumbled so quickly had this band come out of the midwest. Their surrounding sensationalism is really more of a reflection of the incestuous rock n' roll press. When did rock critics and magazine hype become viable measures of quality? Has all suspicion of corporate rock withered with the 21st century? There's certainly nothing rock n' roll or underground about that.
B00005A46T|1.0|It seems that to have success in the 90's music scene you have to do an act. Backstreet Boys do a nice dancing and act cute. Slipknot is in the other end of the scale, but they are still just a product that need to be sold. The music is more or less just a cacophony of noise. Some guys running around smashing musical instruments and act crazy. The lead singer could sing, if he wanted too, but he prefer to growl. Nothing new or original, there have always been noise around.
B00005OAIE|2.0|Yes, good guitar playing, decent lyrics... but what this boils down to is a poor version of the Dave Matthews Band. I'm not a huge Dave Matthews fan, but I can spot a band-wagon rider when I see one and John Mayer is one of them.  I recently saw him play in New England and he just didn't par up.  The crowd was aching for the opening act to come back on....
B00005JKES|5.0|I for one am very pleased that this set is coming out on DVD finally.  Those persons whining about the pilot not being included need to get their facts straight.  Artisan does not have the rights to the pilot, and unless Warner Brothers sells it to them (or Artisan sells season 1 to Warner), it will NEVER, EVER, EVER be included.  Face reality people!  Instead of beating up Artisan for finally giving Peakers a break, you should be throwing stones at the Warner staff for holding out on us all this time.  You're all yelling at the WRONG people!!
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya first gained attention with her exotic 1988 radio phenomenon, \\"Orinoco Flow (Sail Away).\\" After that song faded into the distance, she didn't equal her stunning radio success until more than 10 years later with \\"Only Time.\\" That song is but one of innumerable reasons to run and purchase this delightful album! \\"Wild Child\\" will transcend you into your own private world of pleasure and freedom, while \\"One by One\\" will ground you again and make you mourn a lost love affair. Enya's Latin and Gaelic vocals, on two songs respectively, will provide musical variety and sweetly envelop your ears. Finally, you will want to discover \\"Flora's Secret\\" and melt away in a plush reclining chair while absorbing the gentle sounds. I haven't figured out Enya's secret to creating such beautiful music, but it's working magic as if it were 1988 all over again.
B00003CXV4|2.0|When we got this movie, my initial thought was: &quot;Let's get ready to watch a 'chick-flick',&quot; if you know what I mean. So I set myself in the &quot;Bounce&quot; or &quot;Automn in New York&quot; type-of-mode. For a while, I have to say, it caught my attention, and I was even happy to see Keanu Reeves deliver such a performance (improving on some of his dramatic performances from before). But, I couldn't relate to the concept of the movie as a whole: there's not a clear point as to why she has decided to face life the way she does (this, in my opinion, is one of the biggest flaws of the movie), but worst even, is the incomprehensible ending... I will not ruin it, but believe me: when you're done watching it, you'll go like: &quot;OK... What on earth just happened??&quot;
B00005NI5Y|1.0|The voice is nearly gone, the wail is nonexistant, and he has no anguish left.  The only track I liked was on the freebie that came with, it was &quot;The Times, They are A'changin'&quot;, one of Dylan's oldies.  From back when Dylan was Dylan.
B00005LKIM|4.0|The people who were disappointed by this movie are largely people who wanted it to be \\"Silence of the Lambs\\" again only different. Those folks never understood that this wasn't the story of an investigation, like \\"Silence\\" was. This movie was about the love of a talented \\"monster\\" for a beautiful and also talented woman. Thus, it bears more in common with \\"The Phantom of the Opera\\" than it does \\"Silence of the Lambs.\\" If the viewing public had kept that in mind, I think there would be generally higher reviews for the movie.<BR>I was disappointed by the movie for a different reason. In the trilogy of novels in which Lecter appears, the theme is always about metamorphosis. In \\"Red Dragon\\", Francis Dolarhyde is undergoing metamorphis into the Red Dragon. In \\"Silence\\", Jame Gumb (Buffalo Bill) is attempting the metamorphosis into a woman, by wearing the skins of his victims. In \\"Hannibal\\", Clarice is the character who transforms. She is the only one of the three to successfully transform into her new self. She does this with Lecter's assistance; he was, after all, a brilliant psychiatrist, whatever else he may have been. Thus, at the end of the novel \\"Hannibal\\", when Clarice and Lecter eat Krendler's brain and run off to South America together, it is true to what has come before in the two earlier novels. The people who were outraged by that ending were mainly those who think of Clarice Starling and picture Jody Foster. When they read \\"Hannibal\\" what they really wanted \\"Silence of the Lambs\\"  over again only different.<BR>My disappointment with the movie lies in that by changing the ending, they completely discarded the theme on which the story was built. I still enjoyed the film. Moore was every bit as good as Foster ever was in the Starling role. Ray Liotta was hilarious and slimey as Krendler. I enjoyed watching Hoppkins enjoy himself as Lecter. I was also disappointed that some of the lesser characters were discarded and that the essential hatefulness of the Mason Verger character was kind of glossed over. In the end, what could have been a great movie, was only a good movie. If only the film makers had had the courage to go with the original story....
6305014140|5.0|Ninja Scroll is, in my opinion, possibly the greatest anime movie created. I know many people who first got into anime by watching this work of art. With it's incredible story-line, the beautiful animation, and a realistic main character it has won many anime lovers hearts.  I simply can't stress this enough, you must see this movie. You owe to yourself as an anime fan (or soon to be anime fan).
0767836286|4.0|The cast of this film makes the story and script believable. The film begins with Jeff Bridges's character finding a young man wandering down his street bleeding from apparent wounds from explosives. He rushes him to the hospital and is thanked heartily by the boy's parents (Tim Robbins and Joan Cusack), who have recently moved in on Bridges's street. Bridges portrays a college professor who teaches about conspiracies, about terrorism and modern society. His own wife had been killed in the line of duty (CIA operative), and this left him with a lot of bitterness and a son to rear on his own. As Bridges gets to know his new neighbours, he grows more and more suspicious of them and starts to delve deeper into their past. Bridges's girlfriend (played by Hope Davis) finds his suspicions to be paranoid and unfounded. However, the more he learns the more alarmed he is. He finds that these people are not at all who they claim to be. Of course it does not take long before the neighbours discover that he is digging into their lives. In fact, you get the feeling that they knew he would. Bridges is the perfect dupe and will eventually take the fall for unspeakable acts carried out by Robbins and his cohorts. In order to fully understand and appreciate how the action unfolds, you need to see the movie. You may be startled by the outcome.
6304994540|5.0|This movie is so funny and genius you have to see it<BR>a few times to really appreciate how well it is <BR>written and how great the acting is.  Everyone should<BR>own a copy, and on those days that you're feeling<BR>kinda down and stressed out, you throw this movie <BR>in and &quot;The Dude&quot; will make it all seem better.
6305252521|4.0|I loved this movie even though it was arguably quite sad. Very telling sort of reflection of our society. Jim Carrey was very good as Truman Burbank, a product of the media. He was adopted by a corporation and reared by actors on a \\"Truman Show\\" set. While the whole world watched his every move, he was oblivious to the fact that the entire world around him was artificial and the people in his life were acting roles. Once he does become \\"liberated\\" the viewer cannot help but feel afraid for him, having been so sheltered all his life. All the actors here are excellent. Laura Linney delivers a great performance as Truman's wife, Ed Harris plays the \\"all-knowing\\", artsy director in a beret perfectly, and Jim Carrey is the real surprise. His performance was outstanding, and although many would claim that this was just a subdued version of previous characters he has played, this was not rambunctious, out of control comedy. This was a real story with really thought provoking ideas.
B000002KIE|5.0|Who said &quot;overrated&quot;?   More like UNDERrated, because Amazon only allows 5 stars. <BR> <BR>This is it.  Even if it didn't matter that this band and album through their notoriety were the flagship of a movement that changed the course of pop/rock music as we know it today and gave a lot of enthusiastic kids the impetus to believe that they too could pick up intruments and form a band, and whether or not there are other bands that should be mentioned as important punk icons . . . bands who were faster, louder. . . this is a GREAT album from beginning to end . . . the music is garage pop stripped down perfect, the most snarling lyrics since Bob Dylan--who can not bow down before &quot;God save the queen, she ain't no human being&quot;? or the rousing chorus &quot;No Future, no future, no future for you&quot;?  No other frontman can rip your head off and hand it to you quite like Johnny Rotten.  What more could you want?   Anyone who claims any love/knowledge of punk who doesn't love this is like a junkie not loving heroin. I would be embarrassed for you not to own it. But you don't have to say where it stands as a punk album--it's a great album.  Get it on vinyl. Give it TEN STARS.
B00004XQ83|5.0|The O' Brother, Where Art Thou soundtrack has managed to capture the dark reaching places within the human spirit while simultaneously evoking feelings of hope and inspiration within in its listeners. The power set forth by the songs on this disc is undeniable. The artists have managed to capture the woe, and frustration of a time long ago by injecting what can only be their own experiences and by infusing their country, bluegrass, and gospel styles. This is a must have for all early country, and blues aficionados.
B00003CY3W|5.0|This movie is a scream. The comic timing is almost perfect. The humor is close to the pain, and that's what propels this movie forward from incident to incident in Enid's life. <br />As she almost leaves high school, Enid is her own person, filled with bravado and vulnerability. She's wandering around, tragically unsure of where she wants to go and how to get there.<br />I've met Enid several times in my life. Maybe that is why I became so fond of her in this movie, why I had such high hopes for her, and why I didn't want the movie to end. For that matter, all of the characters in this movie are familiar and sometimes all too real.<br />Both Ghost World and American Beauty involve the collision between a middle aged man and a young woman, but otherwise have little in common. American Beauty started with an almost realistic portrayal of a man in a midlife crisis, and ended up as a wad of cartoon cookie dough. Ghost World began life as a comic book portrayal of a young lost soul, and resulted in a movie that is creme brulee.
B000002AGB|5.0|From what I can remember of the IOW fest (which, I have to admit, is not a lot), the 'Oo coming on at some ungodly hour of the morning was definitely a highlight. Pete was a mad white spider, Roger sang his wee socks off, Keith played like a demented octopus, and John was replaced by a life-size wooden replica (as always). This CD captures it all, except for the smell of the toilets. Buy it. <br />Actually, I thought their concert a year later at The Oval Cricket ground was even better, but everyone was too stoned to record it (allegedly).
B00005NI5Y|1.0|Another stab at love - Love and Theft has a faster pace than Time out of Mind and is probably less thought provoking but there are some classics like Po Boy. The whole album is a reminder of Dylan's mastery of lyricism. One point that I'd like to make, and it could be thought of as a personal point, is that Dylan's voice isn't awful or half-awful. If he can't sing, or if the effect his voice has is so awful why do his songs carry across various feelings, emotions and moods? I think Dylan has been unfairly picked on for having an individual approach to his delivery, which I consider to be one of the true approaches in modern day music.<br />You must listen to Love and Theft if you in any way appreciate blues and rock and roll.
0553573403|5.0|My favorite fantasy series.  Martin writes his characters so well that you can't help but love them, good or bad.
B00005Q45W|5.0|I have been a Leonard Cohen fan for some time now, and allow me to say - this collection of songs may be some of his best. From the title you notice a new plain simplicity. It's no secret that Cohen has been living in &quot;isolation&quot; for the past several years and you get a sense of his new enlightenment. <br />Gone are the many references to God. Enter an almost subdued album full of pain, anxiety, and Love (of course). Gone are those few back-up singers that could test the ear. Enter one voice that blends well with Mr.Cohen's. One thing that seems to be most constant in Cohen's albums is the infamous drum machine. Well, it's here again. Most of these songs are &quot;slow&quot; and it turns out to be great back-round, rainy day, and late night music. Some stand out tracks would be:<br />The first - &quot;In my Secret Life&quot;. Classic Cohen here. Let's be honest folks, we don't buy his albums for the music - we buy it for the lyrics. He attempts to paint vivid pictures, and we succumb.<br />My personal favourite &quot;By the River Dark&quot; is an amazing trancing hypnotizing dark song. One of his best in a very long time. You'll want to keep listening to it over and over again.<br />Well thanks, for reading this. 5 stars for lyrics, 5 stars for Cohen's deep broken voice. Cheers.
6305268177|5.0|Wow, this is about as good as the come, slap me, am I in Bee Gee heaven!?  Sure, the biggest complaint about most near perfect concerts is \\"they did not play my song(s),\\" well boo ho, get over it, they played 31 songs on this one DVD!!!  Besides, they have too many hits to play in one show, plus they did a medley of several old hits that was very nice.  The sound is great, the sprit is high (New Years Night 98-99 in Las Vegas), they look good, play good, great camera work (manless crain cameras) and there is a very nice dedication song to their departed brother.  In this dedication song Barry sings first, then Andy Gibb's voice comes in occupied by videos of him and pictures of the whole Gibb clan as kids up to their adulthood, all the while as the brothers sing back up.  You can give thanks to the boys at ShowCo., they are the best at putting on live concerts and they out do their selves on this production.   <br />This concert is in our top 5 DVD concerts, but it soon if you like anything about these very talented brothers.
B000000H4V|5.0|I am a big fan of Sepultura. I like all their music from every stage of their evolution starting with the extremely fast sounds of Schizophrenia, Beneath the Remains and Arise. After Arise comes this album, Chaos AD. Chaos AD is a transitional album for Sepultura, changing from a pure, raw and fast trash metal band to a more modern metal band. Roots (the album following Chaos AD) is also very good, but i found that i got sick of it after a while. I have found Chaos AD to be a very enduring album as it is a perfect mix between the old and the new sound of Sepultura. I recommend this CD to any metal fan, if you like any other Sepultura, you'll love this, if you don't like other Sepultura very much, you should still like this album. Very solid investment, it has given me many hours of good listening and it hasn't worn off yet and doesn't look like wearing off anytime soon. BUY THIS NOW!!!!
B00005NW02|5.0|Bought this album cos System were going to tour with Slipknot in Australia.  Listened to it, thought to my self System should be headlining the Aussie tour.  If their live shows are anything like their album the will blow us all away.  Just hope the younger generation of todays society dont get themselves caught listening to Blink and Limp Bizket.  Get some System into your blood, it will boil.
0792844793|3.0|This is a great movie, but with the new 5.1 surround mix on the new edition coming out soon, it would be a waste to get it.
0395645662|5.0|I think that the Giver is the best book. It was very well written and is a very thought provoking novel. I would recomend this book to everyone. It has a reading level at which young children can read and fully comprehend, but it is not to easy to read so it appeals to all ages. I think that it is easy to identify with the characters and it proves to us that a utopia is not always the best place even though poeple always dream that it would be.
B000002UA0|5.0|This is by far my favorite Floyd album and it truly saddens me to think of where they could have gone if Syd Barrett hadn't completely fell off his rocker.<br />Do not make the mistake of thinking that this album sounds the same as their more popular FM played &quot;Darkside&quot; era stuff, cuz it doesn't. If your one of those types of people who rarely strays from the typical music played on your local classic rock station then you should spend your $15 on a Zepplin album or something.<br />If however, your one of those kinds of people who gets great enjoyment out of hearing the lost underground music of yesterday and the non-commercial/non-radio friendly music that is being made today, then &quot;Piper&quot; is worth it's wait in gold and a must have for any serious music collector. Don't listen to the people who tell you this is simply acid/stoner music, they are most likely disappointed that it doesn't sound like the usual Floyd they have grown accustomed to.<br />If you love this album then I HIGHLY suggest that you check out the following two bands - albums.<br />1. The Silver Apples - Self Titled (1968)<BR>    Truly innovative music. They are one of the first (if not the first) bands to experiment with an oscillating techno-ish sound (not to be confused with techno music of todays standards, blah!). They went on to inspire bands such as Chrome, Brainiac, and many others. You will have a hard time convincing others that this was made in 1968 or even 1988 for that matter. Way ahead of their time.<br />2. Suicide - The Second Album (1977)<BR>     Suicide just plain rocks in very unique sort of way. Also ahead of their time. Just check them out.
B00004WIBW|5.0|If you you are wondering what movie to get tonight get this one Sleepy Hollow after you see it once you would want to see it again!  It has the famous Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci!  This movie is probaly the best Halloween movie!  Great Musis, Stunts, sound effects!  I have this movie and i watch it probaly every day!  rent the movie it is worth seeing!
B000002H33|5.0|It's real simple, and Hundreds of others have said on this site, but this is the greatest album from Metallica ever, and as such is a must buy, plain and simple
B000005IZ8|5.0|Aside from the moments of sheer bliss, there are moments of sorrow, moments of deep repose and moments of a connection with the world at large.  It at first seems miminal and repetitive but it is so chock full of hypnotic ryhthms, it becomes more and more of an experience.    Not quite background, not quite foreground, it kind of seeps into you and remains, resonating within for quite a while after listening to it.
B000002NHN|5.0|Listening to this cd soothes your soul....excellent for relaxing after a day full of stress...just close your eyes and fly away.
B00005QIPH|5.0|All this New Wave talk goes in one ear and out the other with me. There's also this thing called New Wave of New Wave which happened in the 90s, right?  <BR>Whatever, I'm too young to firstly, understand, and secondly, get hung up on all these tags. All I know is that a lot of my favourite bands these days get labelled as New Wave this and New Wave that. What is New Wave? What was the Old Wave? When did it become the new Wave? Did it just disappear? Was it like when the dinosaurs died? Is New Wave a superior being?<BR>Anyway, confused but not deterred, I ventured into my local music shop the minute this album came out, as I'd heard the hype, and was intrigued to find out more. I then spent the rest of the day congratulating myself. For this is a great album. To me it sounds like pure rock music, with raw production values and very cute songs. Is it like a re-engineered Blondie? I don't really know, and don't care. Is it like Television all over again? I am similarly ignorant and unfussed. <BR>At first listen, 'Is This It' sounded like a typical lo-fi record, saucepans for drums and little in the way of melody. However, further listening revealed it is in fact chock full of hooks, breaks, and harmonies. To be honest I can't particularly recall many of the songs by name (apart from 'Soma', 'Last Nite', and the now deleted 'NYC Cops') so I won't pretend to know which are my favourites. However, given as a whole, it all blends together brilliantly, and prompts fist clenching and pained gurning as only a truly great rock record can. Warning: Don't look in the mirror when listening to this; you'll see some weird things. Clench and gurn! This is one infectious little b*stard of a record.
B00005N9CV|1.0|I bought this CD sight unseen (or unheard) because I loved her previous two disks (would have given them 5 stars).  What a disappointment!  I could probably live with the cloying strings in the background if Krall's performance was up to her previous ones, but she seems completely detached from the songs she's singing.  There's no emotional connection, no snap, it's like she's sleepwalking though the performance.  These are songs that tell a story, but Krall is singing words like they have no meaning.  Let's face it, Krall doesn't have a great voice, she depends on her wit, and phrasing to connect with the song. They're absent here, and what's left isn't enough to justify buying this CD.
630469654X|5.0|I've loved this movie since it's release in the late 1980's.  Matthew Broderick stole the movie as Phillipe the Mouse, but it was the love story that kept me watching it over and over again.  To the point that I own both the video and the DVD.<br />If there's a complaint to be made about this film, it's the music.  The Alan Parsons Project were a fine band, but the electronic 80's pop soundtrack detracts too much from the film and dates it as well.  <br />What else can you say about a movie whose themes have been reused, as of late, in countless movies and television shows.
B00005B36H|5.0|Not having heard any of Tool's previous albums, I'd would say this one is great. The whole album is a trip, a sound pill you should swallow in one sitting. It's nice to hear that an imaginative album like this sells, instead of all this abounding nu-metal ...(drowning pool, slipknot, etc.) The whole album just flows.
B00004XOWM|3.0|From a musical point of view the average person would say that there is a lack of creativity in this album.  From a pop point of view the average person would say that some of the songs on this album are catchy as hell and funky as well.  From a rappers point of view the lyrics are poor and &quot;usual&quot;.<br />BUT that's the thing, the biggest markets in music are dance, metal, rock, hip-hop, pop and R&amp;B, and LB manages to dominate 5 out of the 6 markets (you work out which ones), so is there talent in the world of LB, I must admit Fred Durst definitely has an &quot;ear&quot; for music as his managing skills and his representation of youth culture is the most talented since Wyclef Jean.  Between the 2 of them they know what the people want in a song, but let's face the facts, will either one be remembered in a 100 years time.<br />The album in my opinion is setting the conventions for nu-metal, intro, verse 1, shouty chorus, verse 2, shouty chorus, go off on tangent and build up to big crescendo.  Personally I think Slipknot do it best, but can one honestly look back and say there was talent?<br />I reckon this nu-metal has another 4 years left, there will be one more LB album, there will be a Slipknot album that will be so brutal that it will do for nu-metal what Guns n Roses did for stadium rock (that is being so good and raw that it can't be bettered, people get bored and demand a new sound and someone like Nirvana come along and the kids love it), so to summarise this album, its funky, catchy, moody, and it is not worth the money, and it will not be listened to more than 7 times!!!
B00005NNMJ|4.0|As a remastered version of a legendary metal album,this is complete success,bringing back to the attention of contemporary audiences a great band.Accept have always had a powerful sound,mixing AC/DC grooves with a fast and precise guitar attack and an amazing rhytm section;with their charismatic lead singer,they conquered entire arenas throughout the eighties and the nineties.&quot;Balls to the Wall&quot; is a worthy testimony to their great talent.
0783225857|5.0|From the moment the film begins, with its stunning slow-motion opening and one of the best film scores I have ever heard, you know that this will be a film to remember for many years.  It is a coming of age story about children learning the ways of the adult world (both good and bad), and also learning about the honor and faith their father, lawyer Atticus Finch, has in the justice system, demonstrated by his villigent defense of his current client, a young black man wrongly accused of rape.  It's also a moral and humanitarian story about making an effort to dissuade misconceptions about race and &quot;family values.&quot;   Lastly, and in a smaller form, it is a film about redemption.  What you think you know about someone can change dramatically when they do something seemingly out of the ordinary...like saving your life.  Atticus Finch tells his daughter that &quot;you never know what a person is really like until you take a moment to step in their shoes for a little while.&quot;  It's pretty simple, but powerful stuff. <br />What I think is really distinct about this film is that the children's characterizations are treated with such sensitivity.  It could become easy to treat the daily nuances of a child's imagination and naivite as something silly or unimportant.  Their characters are aided by fantastic performances by the young actors, Mary Badham and Philip Adford.  Gregory Peck gives one of the most memorable performances I can imagine.  His portrayal is understated and touching, eventually leading up to his character's fierce determination in the final courtroom scene, where he lays out the injustices that have plagued his client.  It's one of the finest courtroom scenes in American film history, encapsulating both the strength of what the justice system of America represents and also portraying the fervent racial tensions that were dividing the nation at the time of the film's release (1962).<br />And it all works tremendously well.  Some of the most poignant moments in the film were so subtle.  The part where I lost it was when, after Finch was handed a defeat by the jurors, he slowly starts gathering up his paperwork as the courtroom floor empties.  But the second floor (of black townspeople-in awe of his defense) stand and watch as he gets ready to leave.  Reverend Sykes quietly tells Atticus' son Jem to stand up, in a way to hommage the man who stood up for his own beliefs and the defense of not just a single man accused, but a whole community.  It was a really sensitive visual statement that conveyed a powerful sentiment about the perpetual state of race in America.  And I was crying big-time!  And the final scene, in which we find out the true personality of Boo Radley, was really suprising and touching.  It really makes you think about the how extraordinary the human spirit can be, and how making snap judgements about other people really doesn't pay off in the end.<br />I just saw the film for the first time tonight, and it is now one of my all time favorites.  And now for the book....
B00003CXCQ|4.0|Walt Disney's first full length feature, animated, and in color, is now regarded as a classic above criticism. Well, while it is a huge achievement, especially for 1937, it IS a little thin on story.<br /><br />Set in a European-esque fairytale world, Snow White is the pretty young Princess living under the shadow of her evil stepmother the Queen. Envious of her beauty she orders her huntsman to lead her out into the woods and cut her heart out. He gets the first bit right, but chickens out on the actual heart-cutting. Instead he banishes her to the woods where she promptly invades a private home, claiming it for herself, and enslaves the forest animals to do her bidding.<br /><br />When the rightful owners return they are first alarmed but then happy to have a woman living in the house to seize their passions and cook their dinners. I assume that all dishes served in Casa De Dwarf are all vegetarian since we never actually see Snowy kill, skin, and butcher the animals that she has enslaved.<br /><br />Eventually the Queen learns that Snowy is still alive and aims to kill her with a poisoned apple (that can be reversed by a kiss from her true love). Why she doesn't just slit her throat or burn the house down is beyond me.<br /><br />There are not really enough developments in the story to maintain the 83-minute running time, with a lot of space devoted to singing and rhythm-timed animation in the style of Silly Symphonies. But the animation, and especially the backgrounds, are wonderful to look at and really do create an atmospheric, beautiful world. It's a shame Disney didn't indulge in them more.<br /><br />Still a classic, but perhaps a little too quaint from a modern point-of-view.<br /><br />The Blu-ray presents the movie in a 1.34:1 1080p aspect ratio that is almost completely flawless and makes it look like it was drawn yesterday. There is an optional \\"Disney-View\\" feature that fills in the empty space left by the window-boxing with appropriate animated framing. It is not intrusive. There is not a single pop or hiss in the restored DTS HD-MA 7.1 sound either. A MASSIVE amount of extra features are included.ng. It is not intrusive. There is not a single pop or hiss in the restored DTS HD-MA 7.1 sound either. A MASSIVE amount of extra features are included.
0517053616|1.0|To buy an unannotated Shakespeare volume like this, where even the quality of the text is in doubt, is a pure waste of money. Anyone who feels it is good enough to buy an unannotated text should at least make sure to get a good, well-edited one: for example, a second-hand copy of Peter Alexander's edition (the so-called \\"Tudor Edition\\", originally published by Collins in 1951). The text prepared by Alexander remains one of the very best.<br />It really does matter what text one buys, as various editions differ greatly in the quality of what they produce. It is by no means the case that all editions of Shakespeare offer the same text, as one would expect if one bought a work by a modern author. Furthermore, it is impossible to read Shakespeare - even if you are a specialist in Renaissance literature - without plenty of help, none of which is supplied in this edition. A good edition, like that produced by David Bevington, or the Riverside, will contain the following helpful components as a minimum: a comprehensive introduction to Shakespeare and his work generally; reasonably full analytical/interpretative introductions to individual works; lists of further reading (referring the reader to other helpful commentators); and above all - most essentially - useful explanatory notes on words, phrases, and sentences difficult to understand. Of these there are a great many. Anyone who approaches Shakespeare as a modern reader without knowledgde of the language of his period will soon find all sorts of words and grammatical usages that obviously are no longer current. But even more treacherous are those many instances of words that LOOK the same, but MEAN something very different, as a result of the fact that the meaning of words changes over time.<br />For all these reasons, then, readers should spend their money on a value-for-money buy, whether new or second-hand, and not waste it on a worthless volume of this nature. If you don't want to buy a well-annotated one-volume Shakespeare, buy well-annotated editions of individual works - e.g. those belonging to the Arden series, or the Oxford Shakespeare, or the New Cambridge.<br />These reflections are not, of course, criticisms of Shakespeare as an author, but purely of a useless edition like this. ...akespeare, buy well-annotated editions of individual works - e.g. those belonging to the Arden series, or the Oxford Shakespeare, or the New Cambridge.  <br />These reflections are not, of course, criticisms of Shakespeare as an author, but purely of a useless edition like this. ...
0789723107|2.0|I found this book way too basic, and I'm not a web designer by any stretch of the imagination. I think most of the principles found within can be understood simply through the process of using the web over a few years. For example, here's some breaking news from Krug's book: &quot;_tabs_ are a good idea!&quot; Gee, could that possibly be why every other major site uses them? Guess what else? _Amazon.com_ has a successful user interface!<br />Don't buy this book. There is very little groundbreaking information here. Useit.com and the Yale web design guide, along with the O'Reilly book on information architecture, are far more useful for ideas on usability. I think this book stands as an interesting relic of the years 1998-2000, during which there were simply far too many people designing e-commerce sites, and so inevitably creating too many bad sites.
0425180638|5.0|Just like being in shock when real life takes a sudden turn, for this series this book was a shocker. Kay was put in a different perspective for me. I have been a huge fan of this series since it came out and this one made her seem more human and personal. I love the way Patricia Cornwell wrapped the ending. For a Scarpetta fan, this book is GREAT!
B000002BUY|5.0|I picked this album up when it first came out, and it has never been disappointing.  &quot;Summer Romance (Anti-Gravity Love Song)&quot; is quite possibly one of the best, most unique songs I've ever heard from a 90's rock band.  If you don't have this CD, you should.  From the harder tracks (1-8 except 6) to the more mellow ones (the end of the CD), this is a masterpiece.
0767842693|5.0|If you are not from a small, rural community, consistently branded &quot;in the middle of nowhere&quot;, then you could not possibly understand &quot;The Last Picture Show&quot;. I'm from a small town in Kansas, and I was always wondering if anyone had ever depicted what life is like in a town of less than 2.000 people in the movies or a book. Now I know someone has, McMurtry and Bagdanovich. &quot;Last Picture Show&quot; is very realistic, and perfectly in tune with what life is like in a town that is dried and dying.<br />Following the exploits of the characters of &quot;The Last Picture Show&quot; as they go about their lives and try to find some amusement in their ailing town, the film mirrors life as I knew it back home, desperate to find reason to leave, but unable to uproot yourself from your community. Decadence errodes innocence, love and life slip away, lonely become loneliest, ignorance and isolation become habit, and the movie theater closes down. Nothing more needs to be said...<br />&quot;The Last Picture Show&quot; is a rare movie indeed. Filmed all in black and white, beautifully filmed, incredible performances by Timothy Bottoms, Ben Johnson, Cloris Leachman, and Cybil Shepard, &quot;The Last Picture Show&quot; is a haunting as it is tragic. The death of small town America sadly isn't a story, or a film, but very real to those who live it. &quot;The Last Picture Show&quot; isn't just the testament of it, it is the experience of it.
0553573403|5.0|This is a great first book of a wonderful series still in progress. George RR Martin displays talent and inventiveness in this fantasy masterpiece.<br /> It is at the same level of writing as favored fantasy writers such as Robert Jordan. One interesting characteristic of the A Song of Ice and Fire series is the focus and importance of religion in the books. Whereas other books have one monotonous religion, Game of Thrones, and further books in the series, utilize the importance of beliefs and religions which adds a sense of intrigue and mystery to the story. The versatility of Martin's writing and the twists thrown in fit perfectly and will addict you from the start.<br />It is well worth it to purchase this book and all others in the series. Each is a great read that will have you craving the next.
B00004Z459|3.0|Hook-heavy rap-rock, with a little electronic music mixed in, that is Linkin Park.  Well, where do I start, ah yes lyrics.  Lyrically, this album is about as trite as they come.  They tried so hard and got so far, but In the end it doesn't even matter.  I'll bet.  But I'll give credit where credit is due.  They can craft a pretty solid hook, it's all pretty damn catchy.  The aforementioned &quot;In the End&quot; is one of the highlights.  I'll let this one loose occasionally on my way home from class.  Pushing Me Away and One Step Closer are also pretty decent.  It's all angst all the time with these guys, and while I'm not really on that wavelength I can appreciate it on occasion.  Lastly, Cure for the Itch is what exactly, it's a throwaway, get it out of there.  Mr. Hahn is a pretty decent DJ and programmer in the songs, but by himself it seems he sucks.  But, it's an entertaining listen and ultimately I need that sometimes.
B00004VVNB|4.0|This is the original movie which launched a short-lived TV series back in the 1970s.  It takes place in the future, where the solution for overpopulation is to not let anyone live past the age of 30.<br />In this milieu, the film provides some satiric commentary on religion (just as so many other science fiction films have done).  It also depicts a rather horrifying future in which people can be so brainwashed.  Problem is, nobody thinks about dying until they turn 29.  All their life, it is always the &quot;other guy&quot; whose turn has come to be executed in a rather bizarre ritual called &quot;carnival.&quot;<br />For the most part, the special effects in this movie are quite poor.  The futuristic city looks a whole lot like a miniature train set (which is pretty much what it is).  Also, the robot in the cave resembles something out of &quot;Lost In Space.&quot;  Of course, it was not until the premiere of &quot;Star Wars&quot; in 1977 that sci-fi movies had their first life-like androids.  The weapons that the security men use are also quite unimpressive (not to mention that I can't remember anyone in the movie actually HITTING something).<br />On the upside, the sets for the overgrown Washington DC are very good.  The set director certainly did his or her job.<br />This is a good sci-fi yarn and is easily worth its modest price.  However, be fore-warned:  although a young Farrah Fawcett appears on the cover (presumably to sell more units?), she is only in one brief scene.  Not to worry, tho, I think that Jenny Agutter is both more attractive and a superior actress, anyway (although I can't recall ever seeing her in anything else).
0671510991|5.0|I wouldn't want to be famous for criticizing people who keep attempting to describe reality, but who never get it right, if getting it right is still a concept that might have a particular meaning for a person who is fully aware of how often the view of Robert McNamara that &quot;We were wrong,&quot; has been more true than anyone but a fool would admit.  I'll be the fool in this, if I can do it in a way that exposes a vast exhibit of what is written in this book.<br />In an effort to construct a history of thinking as bombing, I looked for bombing in the index of this book, where it wasn't listed outright, and it wasn't listed as an entry under Cambodia, and there were no listings for Hanoi and Haiphong, but under Vietnam war, there were a few pages listed on \\"bombing halted in.\\"  Halting that bombing campaign was definitely one point where diplomacy was a major consideration, and most people will probably be glad that this book covers a few other topics, and leaves most of the history of bombing as thinking to those who are willing to be the disgruntled non-bombers of the world.  Kissinger even seemed a bit surprised that such 20th century events could turn the U.S. Congress into a bunch of non-bombers as soon as a ceasefire had been proclaimed:  \\"They treated the agreement as if it were the unilateral withdrawal they had always advocated.  In June 1973, the Congress denied further funding `to support directly or indirectly combat activities in or over Cambodia, Laos, North Vietnam and South Vietnam by United States forces' after August 15, including aerial reconnaissance.\\"  (p. 696)<br />Checking the index for euphemisms, I found an entry for \\"Rolling Thunder\\" campaign, an attempt which was so early in the war that it was thought that some justification might be required.  Page 658 tries to find something that might be a basis for that level of involvement without mentioning Pearl Harbor, but trying to get there anyway.  For a true intellectual, the important thing is how much thinking went into the planning of the activity, and Kissinger tries to give the guys as much credit as they deserve:<br />NcNamara's Defense Department and Bundy's White House staffs were gluttons for analysis.  Both were men of extraordinary intelligence.  What they lacked was criteria to assess a challenge so at variance with the American experience and American ideology.<br />  America's initial motivation in involving itself had been that the loss of Vietnam would lead to the collapse of noncommunist Asia and to Japan's accommodation to communism.  In terms of that analysis, in defending South Vietnam, America was fighting for itself, regardless of whether South Vietnam was democratic or could ever be made so.  Such an analysis, however, was too geopolitical and power-oriented for Americans, and was soon overtaken by Wilsonian idealism.  One administration after another had attempted a dual task, each part of which alone would have been difficult to achieve by itself:  the defeat of a guerrilla army with secure bases all around an extended periphery, and the democratization of a society with no tradition of pluralism.<br />  In the cauldron of Vietnam, America was to learn that there are limits to even the most sacrosanct beliefs, and was forced to come to terms with the gap which can arise between power and principle.  Precisely because America was reluctant to accept lessons so contrary to its historical experience, it also found cutting its losses extraordinarily difficult.  Thus the pain associated with both these frustrations was the result of its best not its worst qualities.  America's rejection of national interest as the basis of foreign policy had cast the country adrift on a sea of undifferentiated moralism.<br />  In August 1964, a presumed North Vietnamese attack on the cruiser Maddox led to an American retaliatory strike against North Vietnam that was endorsed nearly unanimously by the Senate via the so-called Gulf of Tonkin Resolution.  This resolution was used in turn to justify retaliatory air raids a few months earlier.  In February 1965, an attack on an American advisor's barracks in the Central Highland city of Pleiku triggered an American retaliatory raid on North Vietnam, which quickly turned into a systematic bombing campaign code-named \\"Rolling Thunder.\\"  By July 1965, American combat units were fully committed, and the American troop presence began to grow, reaching 543,000 by early 1969.<br />  --p. 658.<br />McNamara's book IN RETROSPECT denied that this sequence was as intentional as the opponents of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution and those who were later upset by the direct involvement of American troops in Vietnam's war claimed, and Kissinger's sequence seems a bit out of whack when he described the process as, \\"This resolution was used in turn to justify retaliatory air raids a few months earlier,\\" but this might be a bad case of the truth trying to slip out (some kind of time-boggling confusion in the midst of so much confabulation).  Trying, like the fool that I am and was, to reach some conclusion by combining the words at the end of each paragraph on page 658 brings about the following startling revelation:  American experience and American ideology with no tradition of pluralism had cast the country adrift on a sea of undifferentiated moralism by early 1969.  This might be even truer today than when Kissinger wrote Diplomacy, which is his fairly long way of saying the same thing, I think.<br />There is some real history in this book, for which I am thankful.  I am quite fond of Kissinger's great praise of Bismarck's thinking, for having the kind of loyalty which \\"depended on flexibility and on the ability to exploit every available option without the constraint of ideology\\" (p. 125).  Particularly interesting for those who are interested in a detailed history of the way that observing events might affect philosophers was the way that Bismarck's craftiness gave Nietzsche the opportunity to observe a war between the great powers before he wrote his first book.  The realities of Nietzsche's times might have been very much as Kissinger put it in this book.  \\"In one of his craftier moves, Bismarck used Napoleon's posturing to lure him into declaring war on Prussia in 1870\\" (p. 118).  Prussia quickly won the war, \\"with the assistance of all the other German states\\" (p. 119) and used the occasion to unify the German states into a real Germany, \\"proclaimed rather tactlessly by the Prussian leadership on January 18, 1871, in the Hall of Mirrors of Versailles\\" (p. 119).  The method used by Bismarck to bring this about (what anyone should expect to find in a book by Henry Kissinger), \\"he leaked the so-called Ems Dispatch to the press\\" (p. 118).  Kissinger makes the French public, who were the ones who were the most outraged by what was revealed (\\"The edited version of the King's telegram looked like a royal snub of France\\" (p. 118)) appear to be the most upright and the biggest losers in that ordeal, if the damning of dignity might be considered an ordeal.  Sometimes comedy works the same way, but on a deeper level, this account also helped me understand the relationship between Friedrich Nietzsche, David Friedrich Strauss (who reacted with great pride in Germany), and public opinion in Germany during their lifetimes.  If only Kissinger had been leading a nation of Germans or the great British empire, he wouldn't have to deal with so many moralisms or the U.S. Congress.  He might have felt more at home if his main opponent had been Mahatma Gandhi..  This resolution was used in turn to justify retaliatory air raids a few months earlier.  In February 1965, an attack on an American advisor's barracks in the Central Highland city of Pleiku triggered an American retaliatory raid on North Vietnam, which quickly turned into a systematic bombing campaign code-named \\"Rolling Thunder.\\"  By July 1965, American combat units were fully committed, and the American troop presence began to grow, reaching 543,000 by early 1969.<BR>      --p. 658.<br />McNamara's book IN RETROSPECT denied that this sequence was as intentional as the opponents of the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution and those who were later upset by the direct involvement of American troops in Vietnam's war claimed, and Kissinger's sequence seems a bit out of whack when he described the process as, \\"This resolution was used in turn to justify retaliatory air raids a few months earlier,\\" but this might be a bad case of the truth trying to slip out (some kind of time-boggling confusion in the midst of so much confabulation).  Trying, like the fool that I am and was, to reach some conclusion by combining the words at the end of each paragraph on page 658 brings about the following startling revelation:  American experience and American ideology with no tradition of pluralism had cast the country adrift on a sea of undifferentiated moralism by early 1969.  This might be even truer today than when Kissinger wrote Diplomacy, which is his fairly long way of saying the same thing, I think.<br />There is some real history in this book, for which I am thankful.  I am quite fond of Kissinger's great praise of Bismarck's thinking, for having the kind of loyalty which \\"depended on flexibility and on the ability to exploit every available option without the constraint of ideology\\" (p. 125).  Particularly interesting for those who are interested in a detailed history of the way that observing events might affect philosophers was the way that Bismarck's craftiness gave Nietzsche theopportunity to observe a war between the great powers before he wrote his first book.  The realities of Nietzsche's times might have been very much as Kissinger put it in this book.  \\"In one of his craftier moves, Bismarck used Napoleon's posturing to lure him into declaring war on Prussia in 1870\\" (p. 118).  Prussia quickly won the war, \\"with the assistance of all the other German states\\" (p. 119) and used the occasion to unify the German states into a real Germany, \\"proclaimed rather tactlessly by the Prussian leadership on January 18, 1871, in the Hall of Mirrors of Versailles\\" (p. 119).  The method used by Bismarck to bring this about (what anyone should expect to find in a book by Henry Kissinger), \\"he leaked the so-called Ems Dispatch to the press\\" (p. 118).  Kissinger makes the French public, who were the ones who were the most outraged by what was revealed (\\"The edited version of the King's telegram looked like a royal snub of France\\" (p. 118)) appear to be the most upright and the biggest losers in that ordeal, if the damning of dignity might be considered an ordeal.  Sometimes comedy works the same way, but on a deeper level, this account also helped me understand the relationship between Friedrich Nietzsche, David Friedrich Strauss (who reacted with great pride in Germany), and public opinion in Germany during their lifetimes.  If only Kissinger had been leading a nation of Germans or the great British empire, he wouldn't have to deal with so many moralisms or the U.S. Congress.  He might have felt more at home if his main opponent had been Mahatma Gandhi.
B00004TVG7|5.0|This is one of the oddest CDs in my collection. It's full of strange and rare beauty, very powerful, very dramatic.<br />The sound is simple but unique...I'm sure most of the instruments played here are ones I've never heard elsewhere. I love the vocals. They make my mind wander back many centuries, and fancy myself watching a great Greek play in its original production !<br />There are so many incredible pieces...the first track, starting with it's &quot;sonorous explosion&quot;, and continuing with a melodic chorus...# 4, &quot;Plainte de Tecmessa&quot; is short but exquisite and moving, with a flute alternating with the singer. Each of these 22 tracks are fascinating, and have an almost sacred quality to them. Total running time is 52:39.<br />What Gregorio Paniagua and his ensemble have done here is remarkable. Recreating out of the scraps of what has been found on papyri, etc., and aided by inspiration and imagination, this long forgotten music, and the instruments it was played on. If you like exploring the musical culture of other eras, and other nations, this is a treat.
B00003CX5P|1.0|This was predictably bad.  Star Wars has continued its downward slide that started with the Ewoks in &quot;Return of the Jedi&quot;.  It's really a shame that Lucas can't come up with a better plot and script.  There has been alot of good material written for Star Wars, the Zahn novels and Dark Horse Comics series to name a few.<br />I think Mr Lucas has lost his ability to be an artist and is more the businessman.  Got to sell those Jar Jar binks dolls!<br />PS The directors cut and special editions will be out after this DVD so he can maximize his profits.  So if you can wait and actually like this movie, you'll save money.
B00005O5JV|5.0|This is an excellent movie!!!! Reese Witherspoon is soooooooooo<BR>perfect for the role and Ya'll get it it when it comes out!
B00001IVOF|5.0|The Infamous is back, this time, they are corroborrated with even scarier production than their previous classic album The Infamous. If you thought The Infamous was grimy, raw and haunting, you haven't heard Hell on Earth. This is THE one of the most darkest, grimiest, terrifying, disturbing, hardcore, albums I have ever encountered. This time, they are coming for your flesh and blood. This really is music from Hell. In fact, this album is even better than the Infamous. <br />This album is filled with lacerating, scary production accompanied by the truculent flow of P and Havoc. They have really matured since The Infamous era. Take the first song for instance; Animal Instinct, has a very dark and apocalyptic string laced beat in the background. P and Havoc talk about how they are tired of their Crime life that they are living. On Drop a Gem on Them, it becomes creepy. A very haunting piano loop comes on with a girl screaming in the background. This is a diss song to their adversary 2Pac, and it still remain the best. Bloodsport sounds a lot like Animal Instinct, very depressed strings and other instruments conceives a dark sound. One of the highlights on here is Extortion ft. Method Man, this beat sounds like music inside a Madman's brain, very high pitched and chilling. More Trife Life contains one of the scariest beats ever produced. The beat sounds a lot like tires screeching; a very fast paced song. On Man Down, it gets even MORE horrific, another beat to let your hair stand straight up. The sound finally calms &quot;a little&quot; on Can't Get Enough of It, but the darkness soon engulfs the album again with Nighttime Vultures. As you can see, there are NO soft or cheerful beats on here. This album is so lugubrious that some songs can really get irritating to the ear. For example, the track G.O.D. Pt. 3. this track is the most horrific on this album. You really have to hear it to know what I mean, it really can get disturbing. Other dark tracks are Get Dealt With, Give It Up Fast, and Apostles Warning. I have never been so mesmerized in an album before, this is horror rap at its best.<br />This is the best Mobb Deep album. P and Havoc just refuses to give in to the commercial rap that is ebbing away the Hip Hop civilization. You can really feel the incense coming from P and Havoc, which was pretty much absent on The Infamous. Havoc showed some of his best lyrical ability on here. This really really surprised me.<br />Best Track(s): G.O.D Pt.3(And every single other track, but this stands out the most, play this loud to scare the hell out of your neighbors)
B00000I07P|5.0|This album is great all around, with no bad songs. It is a must have if you even vaguely enjoy the eighties rock/hair-metal genre (e.g. Poison, Motley Crue, Skid Row).  Heck, I mostly listen to thrash metal (e.g. Whiplash, Megadeth, Slayer) and I even like this album!  This album still sounds just as good as it did back then!  (It is a good sign to see an album stand the test of time - we forget the bad ones and let the cream rise to the top, so to speak.)  Listen to this album, and it will also take you back to a time when big hair was cool and tight jeans were in.  Aside from the obvious hits \\"You Gave Love a Bad Name\\" and \\"Livin' on a Prayer, \\"my favorite song is the ballad, \\"Never Say Goodbye.\\"  It has to be one of the best ballads of the 1980's.  This song (\\"Never Say Goodbye\\") still blows me away, especially the guitar solo towards the end that is out of this world.  It literally gives me goose bumps every time I hear it - seriously.  Psychologists say this is caused by the release of chemicals in the brain which create an experience likened to that of having great food or great sex.  That should be reason enough to get this album!
B00003CX9E|5.0|Okay, so I stole the title of this review from Pauline Kael.  Sue me. Yet without Ms. Kael's revivalist view of &quot;Citizen Kane,&quot; this work of art would never have finally achieved the prominence it so deserves on the mantle of great cinema.  I'd practically worn out my VHS of the movie, which was not made from an exactly pristine print of the film, so when I watched the DVD it was like seeing the movie again for the first time.  This new digitally remastered version is almost too gorgeous, too perfect to put into words.  Glancing through the other reviews I saw mention of James Caan, Marlon Brando, and car crashes, none of which you will find in this movie...fortunately.  And as for the movie being &quot;slow,&quot; well, if you want slug-brained manic action, rent the &quot;Die Hard&quot; series.  &quot;Kane&quot; takes its sweet time unfolding a story as complex as a rose, and like a rose, it blooms with intense beauty to reveal a breathtaking finale.  This is filmmaking perfection: flawless and deliberate, ingenious and inspiring.  It is a movie of &quot;firsts&quot; from which countless filmmakers have borrowed.  Long before Tarantino was juggling timelines and Stone was mixing media, Welles was treading the fine line between reality and that which imitates it.  Once a movie (or any item) is labelled &quot;the best of all-time,&quot; there is a cynical tendency for us to second-guess such an accolade.  But &quot;Kane&quot; withstands the test of time and its rewards are even greater and more gratifying than they were the year it was released (and largely overlooked).  For those who appreciate the art of filmmaking in its finest form, &quot;Kane&quot; is a wonder to behold, especially when one considers the multi-faceted role that young Welles had in its creation.  It is hard to imagine a 25-year-old artist in this day and age who could co-write, direct, and star in a film that would literally rewrite the lexicon of cinematic language as we know it.  &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; is that rare thing of beauty that comes along once in a few lifetimes, and this new DVD, with its informative bonus disk, belongs in the library of everyone who knows that car crashes, explosions, pretentious digital FX, and Keanu Reeves do not a movie make.
6302610702|4.0|This is probably the best box set in the world!!  No kidding, if it hadn't Godfather Part 3, it would be!!<br />Seriously, why did Mr Coppola feel the need to write a third part to what is widely regarded as the first and arguably the best sequel in motion picture history. he left out so many characters, most notebly Tom Hagen, Rocco Lapone, and instead all we get is nearly three hours of Al Pachino, trying very badly to copy Marlon Brando's raspy voice in the first, why, please, why????<br />However, that aside, Mr Coppola has decided to put his masterpiece, and it is a masterpiece, in chronological order, from the first time we are introduced to Vito Andolini   (Godfather Part 2) walking along with the rest of his family to the funeral of his brother, to seeing him as a young man growing and struggling to look after his family in New York, to seeing as an old wisend &quot;Godfather&quot; to his family, friends and business associates. It intertwines pieces from parts 1 and 2 perfectly, all until the death of Fredo ( hey, he deserved it) where we are forced to sit through the so-called Tragedy of Michael Corleone, believe me, watching part 3 is a tragedy!!<br />Also included in this masterpiece is a superb 25 page booklet that includes superb screen-shots with script inserts by Mr Coppola and Mr Puzo (respect to both), the history of The godfather family,l, from when young Vito enters America until the death of Michael Corleone and Vincent Mancini being crowned as The New Godfather.<br />But the best part of this collection is the fourth cassette which shows some amazing screen tests of various actors playing the part of Michael Corleone, such as Robert De Niro(Yep, that's how he get's the part to play Vito, you'll find the whole story here) Martin Sheen, and watch the amazing transformation as Marlon Brando shoves cheese down the side of his cheeks,then proceeds to laugh, pure entertainment.<br />All in all, a great value, a great watch(bar Part 3) and the extra scenes are also great.  Buy it, or i'll make you an offer you can'y refuse!!
0684869713|5.0|A disclaimer first: Howard Roark is not my ideal man and Dominique Francon is not my ideal woman.  Roark is a ... and Dominique is self-destructive.  If I met these two in real life, I wouldn't want to be too close.<br />There is, however, greatness within the both of them.  It's not that Roark has a vision he kills himself towards; he simply knows what is true within him and works that as his guiding principle.  Dominique, for all of her masochistic self-thwarting, is almost uncomprehensibly tragic.  She shares Roark's commitment to truth to one's self but is so shaken and disgusted by the lies and compromises of the real world that she takes it as her duty to punish everyone for it- most of all herself.  In my opinion, the book is really about her, as she is the one who needs to come to the realization that she can live in the world according to her own principles even if they are at odds with everything else.<br />Gail Wynand, Ellsworth Toohey and Peter Keating all cut memorable figures as the tragic, powerful man, the Machiavellian villain and the dupe.  As anti-ideal as Howard and Dominique are, these three make are even less appealing alternatives.<br />Ultimately, this book is a great tool to help one figure out who is a real person and who is a poser.
B00003CX9E|5.0|Without a doubt, Citizen Kane is one of the great films made. However, the propaganda machine which is the AFI 100 Greatest American Movies has created a maelstrom around this film which will never end - much like the maelstrom the movie created during its production. Ironic.<br />The operative word in the AFI list is &quot;American&quot;, and you also have to ask yourself who are and what is the criteria of the AFI Board that made this list. The fact the the AFI list excludes any and all foreign films (except some of David Lean's work which shouldn't be considered an American film anyway) AUTOMATICALLY handicaps it, if not making it an out right mockery of the concept of a &quot;Greatest Films&quot; list. No films by Fellini, Truffaut, Kiewslowski, Kurosawa, Godard, early Hitchcock, Tarkovsky, Fassbinder, Herzog, Bergman! Come on now, those are the filmmakers who helped take film from a maudlin form mass entertainment to a true art form. If one was to examine subsequent lists presented by AFI, you'll understand how hackneyed and meaningless their 100 Greatest American Film List. It's all subjective anyway - filmmakers, particularly, will rate Citizen Kane higher than the typical movie-goer of today for several reasons discussed in other reviews of the film. Kane will have it's place because its a much-talked about film.<br />With that being said, the film and the DVD version are great. Period. Greatest of All Time, under what criteria. Don't bash the film because it's not to your taste - some might argue that Michaelego's Sistine Chapel is the greatest work of art of all time, others might say any number of works by Picasso or perhaps Mozart's symphonies. To recognize quality is what counts. To dismiss Kane as slow, boring and stupid (which it is CLEARLY not) shows that the viewer/reviewer is lacking in artistic experience. Would one condemn the early Renaissance works of Giotto because they don't do full justice to the human form the way Carravagio does?<br />The movie is great because consessieurs of the craft recognize that it is great. Perhaps that's all that counts.movie is great because consessieurs of the craft recognize that it is great. Perhaps that's all that counts.
B0000010IS|1.0|ok...i have been looking everywhere to find the soundtrak to the movie &quot;fear&quot; with mark wahlberg and reese witherspoon, it is my favorite movie in the world!!! i cant find the soundtrack ANYWHERE!!! will someone please email me at PrinSas16@hotmail.com if they have any info. thanks so much buhbye
B00004Z4WR|3.0|If you're reading this review to determine the depths of acting muster displayed in the film, then you obviously haven't seen it yet....<br />If you've read any of my other film reviews then you know that I'm an Angelina Jolie fan and I've recently added this to my collection of Jolie films on DVD.<br />Reviewed as an Angelina Jolie film - Three stars for this one and that's because Angelina doesn't show up for about half an hour and then, she's barely featured - don't buy into the DVD cover or movie poster that feature her prominently. She's just the best looking cast member.<br />First - the DVD. The interfaces are pretty cool. Lots of nice graphics and car sounds. It gets a little tired if you're spending some time just zooming around the features though.<br />A small interview with Angelina Jolie is featured under the &quot;Old School&quot; catagory of the special features. It's short, though, so be warned. The most you get out of it was that Angelina Jolie came up with the whole &quot;look&quot; of Sway ( that character she plays in the film )...which, I'm thinking, was probably more fun for her than the limited acting she was asked to do.<br />As far as the film itself, it's an okay movie. It's no masterpiece. It's basically a little plot wrapped around a lot of stunt car chases. Nothing wonderous or even particularily original.<br />The plot revolves around Nicolas Cage and his &quot;old school&quot; gang of car theives having to do one last big run in order to save his younger brother from a ... well, this is starting to sound much more complex than the movie lets on so I'll stop here before I give something away.<br />Needless to say, Nicholas Cage has made better films. Mostly he's talking in that &quot;8mm&quot; whispered voice that's supposed to make him seem mature and deep. It doesn't exactly work, I mean, the guys a car thief.<br />For those gearheads out there ( and I mean that affectionately ) there are some very cool cars featured. Notably the Shelby GT. Very cool. Ferarri's are featured ( Angelina says &quot;hello ladies&quot; ) as are just about every really &quot;hot&quot; sports car. You just get a glimpse of most of them, though.<br />Note that none of the cars are suped-up or special a la &quot;The Fast and The Furious&quot; but the cars featured here are actually a shopping list, not a personal vehicle.<br />Robert Duvall is featured - he's doing that &quot;Days of Thunder&quot; talking to the car thing he's apparently mastered.<br />Giovanni Ribisi is along for the ride if you'll pardon the pun. He's done a lot of better work than this. See &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; if you want to realize a bit of his depth.<br />Back to Angelina Jolie's performance...&quot;phoned in&quot; would be appropriate. I'm not even sure why she'd take a part like this, with so little character. She's got the look ( which she apparently defined ) and she's nice to look at...when we get that chance. I'll remind you that she's not on screen all that often. In all, she's probably only got 20 minutes or so of screen time.<br />To make an obtuse Angelina Jolie jump - the character she plays here could very well be the older incarnation of &quot;Legs&quot; from Foxfire ( a much, much better Angelina Jolie film ). They appear to wear the same boots &lt;G&gt;.<br />So, yes, this is a must have for the completist, but everyone else should probably just wait for it on cable.<br />Special DVD Easter Egg Note : The information regarding an Easter Egg on this DVD is not true. There is a 1974 original version of this film available on DVD and that DVD does contain an Easter Egg, this version does not.<br />Best Regards,<br />turtlex<br />PS - if you've enjoyed this review, please read some of my others and feel free to add me to your &quot;favorite people&quot; list.elby GT. Very cool. Ferarri's are featured ( Angelina says &quot;hello ladies&quot; ) as are just about every really &quot;hot&quot; sports car. You just get a glimpse of most of them, though.<br />Note that none of the cars are suped-up or special a la &quot;The Fast and The Furious&quot; but the cars featured here are actually a shopping list, not a personal vehicle.<br />Robert Duvall is featured - he's doing that &quot;Days of Thunder&quot; talking to the car thing he's apparently mastered. <br />Giovanni Ribisi is along for the ride if you'll pardon the pun. He's done a lot of better work than this. See &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; if you want to realize a bit of his depth.<br />Back to Angelina Jolie's performance...&quot;phoned in&quot; would be appropriate. I'm not even sure why she'd take a part like this, with so little character. She's got the look ( which she apparently defined ) and she's nice to look at...when we get that chance. I'll remind you that she's not on screen all that often. In all, she's probably only got 20 minutes or so of screen time.<br />To make an obtuse Angelina Jolie jump - the character she plays here could very well be the older incarnation of &quot;Legs&quot; from Foxfire ( a much, much better Angelina Jolie film ). They appear to wear the same boots &lt;G&gt;.<br />So, yes, this is a must have for the completist, but everyone else should probably just wait for it on cable.<br />Special DVD Easter Egg Note : The information regarding an Easter Egg on this DVD is not true. There is a 1974 original version of this film available on DVD and that DVD does contain an Easter Egg, this version does not.<br />Best Regards,<BR>turtlex<br />PS - if you've enjoyed this review, please read some of my others and feel free to add me to your &quot;favorite people&quot; list.
B000050IE6|5.0|I have never heard such great music. A progressive metal group influenced by jazz!!! Didn't see that one coming. It's great to see a band that can incorperate so many forms of music and still have a very polished sound. I'm in a progressive metal group myself and I know how much knowledge of music is necessary to pull a compilation like this one off. The fact that this is also a gothic concept album really makes listening to the lyrics worth while. Though you may not understand where they are coming from musically when you first hear it, you grow into loving every second of their artistic masterpiece. Guitar players beware! This one is a scorcher...
B0000032LS|5.0|The human race - or at least those who saw The Rocky Horror Picture Show - is generally divided into two parts: those who loved it and those who hated it. It's just that kind of movie. You can't be indifferent. The main reason, of course, is that it's one of a kind, and entirely original - try to stick a certain genre label on it. It just doesn't work. Note that it's usually defined not as 'musical' or 'science-fiction' but as 'cult movie'. That's really basically what it is - it's more than a movie. Going to see 'Rocky Horror Picture Show' is not just going to a movie; it's a social event.<br />It goes without saying that this soundtrack is a must have for those die-hard fans who go to the movie every weekend wearing make-up and one strange costume or the other, know the entire thing by heart and shout all the in-between jokes at exactly the right moment. But even those who didn't really like the movie will find it hard to deny that it's got some GOOD MUSIC. Not many musical/rock-opera writers put as much thought into the music as Richard O'brien; Pete Townshend of The Who is the only one I can think of. The tunes on this soundtrack are extremely fun, terribly addictive and, in many cases, really, really good.<br />Like the movie, the music is hard to classify. It's frequently associated with punk, but I find it much more connected with the glam-rock phenomena, particularly David Bowie's Ziggy Stardust character, and also the appearence of bands like Queen and Aerosmith. It also takes quite a lot from the first rock operas of the late 60s by The Who and The Kinks, though it's a lot farther-out than, for instance, The Who's 'Tommy'; and unlike those it was written specifically to be performed on stage. Ironically, the 'Tommy' movie, made several years after the album, almost looked like a rip-off of 'Rocky'. Anyway, it has a lot to do with Ziggy Stardust, including a lot of piano and sax. Like a good rock album, it's diverse, featuring hard rockers as well as heart-tearing ballads, and all with a lot of humor.<br />Of course everybody knows 'Time Warp', one of the catchiest tunes in history, but it's by far not the best track here. The best ones are mostly those performed by Tim Curry or by O'brien himself, most notably Curry's hard rocking 'Sweet Transvestite' and his soft, beautiful ballad 'I'm Going Home', and O'briens introduction to the soundtrack and the movie, the excellent 'Science Fiction/Double Feature'. Also excellent is O'brien's bit on the otherwise mediocre 'Over At The Frankenstein Place'. Meat Loaf's classic-rock style song 'Hot Patootie (Bless My Soul)' is another great, catchy song, Jonathan Adams on 'Eddie' is great, and so is the unforgettable love song 'Damnit Janet'. Above all, the epic 'Rose Tint My World', featuring most of the cast. Two songs were left out, which is unfortunate ('Planet, Schmanet, Janet' really should have been here; it was a great song) but that's okay. Also, the 'Time Warp' remix is better avoided (as are most remixes). A great album all around, mostly for fans but not only. One of the best soundtracks around.
B000002W5J|5.0|One of the best albums of the era (or of any era, for that matter), SURREALISTIC PILLOW starts off with a bang (well, as much of a bang as a folk-rock album can), and goes non-stop through ten more flawless compositions.  The appearance of Gracie Slick as the replacement lead vocalist Signe Anderson would mark the beginnings of some historic recordings.  It also meant Marty Balin would not use Airplane as a solo vehicle, as TAKE OFF, their first lp, suggested.  This new addition of Slick brought a much more stable lineup for Airplane, as before this Balin clearly dominated the group.  While TAKE OFF is not a bad record by any means, SURREALISTIC PILLOW easily topples it for listeners looking for quality. <br />Jefferson Airplane is, to some extent, like The Beach Boys.  The Beach Boys had one absolutely brilliant album (PET SOUNDS), but other than that did not have a nearly mythological run of brilliant albums as The Beatles and Dylan did.  While Airplane made some really good music, this is their only album to truly take on the status of a truly brilliant album that legends are made of.<br />All of the songs are incredibility strong, and while the classic rock radio staples &quot;White Rabbit,&quot; and &quot;Somebody to Love,&quot; receive the most airplay, every song on here is a gem.  For this listener, SURREALISTIC PILLOW has RUBBER SOUL beat in that regard.  While RUBBER SOUL has some standards, there are two weak songs on that record.  PILLOW's song selection is flawless and note perfect.  Something about Slick must have sparked Airplane to take their performance to a new level, because nothing from TAKE OFF even hints at the brilliance on SURREALISTIC PILLOW The two standards are here (you already know what I'm talking about), but if you're doubting that they have any more good songs, the rest isn't filler.  &quot;Today,&quot; is absolutely beautiful, &quot;3/5's&quot; rocks, and &quot;Plastic Fantastic Lover&quot; deals with the theme of technology and theeffects it has on the human race, which is well ahead of its time.  (For those listeners looking for more of this theme, check out Radiohead's OK COMPUTER, which is a must-have purchase)..  <br />Another strong facet about SURREALISTIC PILLOW is that it captures the band before they became increasingly bogged down with political issues and all-over-the-board experimentation which drug this band down.  As a result, we have Airplane's (and Starship's, for that matter) finest lp, and one of the finest lps of any era released.<br />As for its place in the 1960s counterculture, this is much more of a &quot;hippie&quot; record than even SGT. PEPPER.  This record defined the San Francisco scene in 1967, and while SGT PEPPER become the cultural equivalent of a monument in the park, this release is the people who actually inhabit the park.  SGT PEPPER was a record recorded in England by four British Liverpool boys and that record more clearly demonstrated what rock and roll could do for the cultural revolution occurring at the time.  It defined how far one could take music and make it relevant to the culture and its social mores.  This record is less about what music can do and more about what was actually occurring in 1967, or the Summer of Love as it has hence become titled.  In this way, SURREALISTIC PILLOW becomes more of a cultural statement that even SGT. PEPPER.  PILLOW dealt with the issues at the time, while SGT. PEPPER dealt with the use of music and is actually more of a statement about musical experimentation than anything else.  If I had to pick, I'd go with SGT. PEPPER, but this is close behind it.  Between this and RUBBER SOUL, especially the American version of RUBBER SOUL, I think this beats that record.  As for PET SOUNDS, I think Wilson edges out Jefferson Airplane for the best album of the three.<br />However, do to the vast importance that music had in the 1960s, SGT PEPPER was clearly latched onto to become the most important record released in modern times, and for good reason as it's very groundbreaking indeed.  But if you want an American perspective on things, SURREALISTIC PILLOW is artistically just as good as SGT. PEPPER, even if it's not as culturally respected.  Give it a spin.  You won't be disappointed.
B00003CXP1|4.0|&quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; should be required viewing for those high-school poseurs who think drugs are hip and cool.  If the film's final 30 minutes don't discourage you from a life of drugs and addiction, then you are simply insane.  A great, career-reviving performance from Ellen Burstyn, and Jaerd Leto and Marlon Wayans are in top form as well.  The DVD has features galore, including a commentary, interviews, trailers, and a making-of featurette.  Not for the fainthearted.
B00005NZBN|5.0|[My original review of LOVE AND THEFT had some significant cuts because of length.  I did not get to cover all that I wanted, so this review reincorporates the cuts with new text.  This should be read in conjunction with my review of the regular edition.]<br />Many are curious about Dylan's newest album, LOVE AND THEFT.  Its qualities are myriad and must be experienced firsthand.  This review deals specifically with the limited edition and what the two bonus tracks bring to this release.  For those who have the opportunity, pick up the limited edition as it helps you better understand LOVE AND THEFT.  <br />The central thesis artistically of LOVE AND THEFT is this:<br />&quot;Remember the past while progressing toward the future.&quot;<br />Dylan said in an interview recently that the music of today is hideous.  Dylan once again becomes the voice of a generation, pointing us in the direction our art should be going but is not.  Most of the new bands no longer pay attention to tradition.  Dylan shows us on this album how rich music can be if we acknowledge what has gone on before yet still maintaining a creative and fresh approach to art, which he does here.  <br />Dylan has always maintained a fresh attitude toward tradition while striving for his own music.  He's constantly changing his sound but all his albums have a respect for what has gone on before.  Identity is a major issue to him (as SELF-PORTRAIT proved), and he always wants to evolve, so when listening to Dylan the journey becomes really part of the pleasure of listening to him.  He proves once again his incredible skills of diversifying and shaking things up.   Nothing is a clone in the Dylan catalogue, which is amazing considering his forty year career as a recording artist, and this proves no exception.  One of the most amazing things about Dylan is his ability to make for every one of his albums its own identity, even the bad ones.  KNOCKED OUT LOADED and DOWN IN THE GROOVE, his most embarrassing releases, do certainly have their own feel to them. <br />The opening track starts things off with an mid-range tempo with Dylan's lyrics floating by on the guitar liquid lines.  Those who are afraid it may harken back to the UNDER THE RED SKY release, have no fear.  Why this listener personally likes that record, I know both the critical establishment and much of the fan base panned that album.  Although Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum may start out as not that bad, in the end you wouldn't want to be within ten miles of these thugs.<br />&quot;Mississippi&quot;, a song cut from TIME OUT OF MIND and rerecorded here, is the only song that sounds like it could fit right in with those songs.  Dylan makes this song mean so much emotionally.  Sheryl Crow's version bites the dust after listening to this.<br />&quot;Lonesome Day Blues,&quot; a song Eric Clapton would be proud of, is a pretty rockin' song of missing old love and has the memorable line: &quot;you can't make love all by yourself.&quot;  &quot;Honest With Me,&quot; and &quot;Cry A While&quot; are Dylan exploring his psyche and the hurt that others have caused him, and with &quot;Cry a While&quot; he's going to thinking about inflicting pain on a lover, and the song itself cannot decide what tempo it wants to keep as it keeps alternating.  &quot;Sugar Baby,&quot; the last cut, is a slow blues number given with passion and one of the LOVE AND THEFT cuts that will enter the (massive) classic Dylan songbook.  The rest, especially &quot;Floater,&quot; and &quot;Po' Boy,&quot; are really, really good.<br />In a few of the cuts Dylan sings about his parents, and in &quot;Lonesome Day Blues&quot; he laments that his mother has died, which she did recently. This theme of parents becomes one of the key facets to understanding this album.  His mother's death effected Dylan and his performances, and a certain air of melancholy became prevalent immediately afterward throughout in his concerts.  His parents being gone has really effected his art, and for the first time in Dylan's career his relationship to them have been put on prominent display.  <br />This being said, do not expect this to be a BLOOD ON THE TRACKS confessional about his parents.  This is more of Dylan grieving and going through that particular process.  In &quot;Lonesome Day Blues,&quot; he sings his wishes his mother had not died. There are a few other songs that tell about his family.  One of the most interesting songs dealing with family is not even on the album, but rather on the bonus disc which this limited edition includes.  Because of the prevalence of family imagery, I think this is the reason why &quot;I Was Young When I Left Home,&quot; was included.  Dylan's parents are on his mind.<br />In the same sense, this album is all about Dylan examining his roots.  If you refer to my other review of the regular edition, I go more into this central facet purpose of LOVE AND THEFT.  Dylan turns old musical traditions into amazingly accomplished songs that, while still retaining their vast historic backdrop, become modern music at its finest.  This is Dylan recasting those old traditions and those roots into his own classic style.  This is one reason why Dylan's parents keep showing up in the songs.  From this album it is reasonable to conclude that not only on a personal level does Dylan miss his parents, but on an artistic level his personal relationships and his ascetic sensibilities are in sync.  He is giving his parents honour and also giving the music that has vastly influenced him honour.  <br />That's why the limited edition adds to the already instant classic by including the 1961 cut.  The alternate version of &quot;Times&quot; also has an important place in the album too.  Although the times are changing, this fact does not allow you to forget your roots.  Don't plagiarize, but rather acknowledge them and make use of them.  By including these two bonus tracks from the early 1960s, Dylan even more clearly demonstrates his undeniable brilliance and ability by making them relevant to what he is doing with LOVE AND THEFT.
B00005N5S5|5.0|Nearly 20 years since its release, &quot;The Terminator&quot; still has the juice to stand up to the Hollywood dreck that's being released today.  In a nutshell, a cyborg (Schwarzenegger) has been sent from the future to kill a woman (Hamilton) and prevent her from giving birth to her son.  Meanwhile, an agent (Beihn) is also sent from the future to protect her. I won't go into further plot details, but this film grabs your attention from the opening credits to the last frame. Even the special effects hold up well after all these years.  If you have a taste for sci-fi inspired action, you cannot go wrong with &quot;The Terminator!&quot;
B00000JGHM|5.0|This film is tight, sexy, blue, sharp, stylish, and timeless.  On the cover it says \\"A Los Angeles Crime Saga.\\"  It is truly epic.  Some have said that this is the greatest movie ever made.  Seriously, they may not be far off the mark.  It is that good.  Never have I felt so inside of movie lives as I did here.  You get ingested by Pacino, DeNiro, and Kilmer.  Ashley Judd and Hank Azaria and Tom Sizemore are good, too.  One of the characters who also stands out is Waynegro!  Yeah.  He rox.  What a scumbag - he personifies a small-time ex-con dirtbag who is looking to score big.  Waynegro!  And DeNiro taps...proper towards the end.  He is great.  I think you will agree.
0679746048|3.0|The book Girl Interrupted is a book that is very different from the rest.  The main character, Lisa, is an eighteen-year old girl, who has a very complex mind.  She was hospitalized for eighteen months during the sixties for a borderline personality disorder.  The author had really descriptive and realistic details about what Lisa was going through.  Then closer to the end of the book when Lisa was getting much better the author starting picking up the pace of the book slowly.  If you would like to read this book and understand it and really like this you should really be interested in psychology and how the minds of others work.  If your not then you might not understand this book and you would find it confusing and pointless.  This book is very peculiar and unique because not to many books tell about what goes on in other peoples minds, especially minds that are in need of psychiatric help.  <BR>     The author used a very casual type of language and a lot of street language and swearing.  Her style of writing is different too because the book started out real slow and told millions of details about every little thing.   Then the pace started to pick up once you were getting into the meat of the book.   At the end of the book she was flying through the rest of her life after she got out of the hospital.  About 7 out of 10 people liked this book that I saw on other posted reviews.  I personally found it to be an all right book.  It interested me to know what was going on in that persons mind because her mind thought a little different than the average persons' mind.  It wasn't my favorite because I didn't like certain parts of the book where the author would talk about things that you really didn't have to know.  This book was interesting and confusing at the same time but it was worth reading once!
B000005Z0G|4.0|After 2Pacalypse instantly brought Pac to super-stardom in the rap world, it seems he decided to take his work back underground, which is implied in the title of this album. This is probably my least favorite of Pac's albums before his death. It takes a little while to get into because the first half of the album doesn't have too much substance as far as the beats go. However, Pac's lyrics carry him through on this part of the album. His lyrics are at times really hard and at times intellectual, which is what brought him respect by some and hatred by others. However, by the second half of the album, the beats really start picking up and the lyrics just don't stop. By the time you get to &quot;Representin 93&quot; it's too late to stop and the songs just keep getting better. So overall, I would say that this does turn out to be a good album and a good second effort from Pac. If you don't have it, get it and don't waste your time on his post-mortum albums.
0871137380|4.0|Entering a country to look for a dangerous criminal seems too close now to what Americans are doing in Afghanistan. I sure hope they have better luck.  Sad history with no happiness during it and of course no happy ending.
B00001IVOF|5.0|When this album first came out, I heard people saying that this wasn't as good as Infamous and so on. Unfortunately, at that time, I seemed to be content taking the word of others. I finally decided to sample this album and as soon as I heard &quot;Animal Instinct&quot;, I knew that I had to have this album. As it turns out, I was anything but disappointed. This album is as good as if not better than Infamous. The difference in this album is that the beats seem to be deeper and darker than the overall beats on Infamous. I think that this is what people were originally complaining about on this album. But what's not to love about that. Songs such as &quot;Bloodsport&quot;, &quot;Hell on Earth&quot;, and &quot;Extortion&quot; are excellent songs to just sit back and chill to, and smoke somethin if you want. The songs reflect a sort of darkness and evil that maybe or maybe not Havoc and P have lived through on the streets of NYC. Either way it really paints a picture and I love it. I would recommend this album to anybody who wants something chillin and yet at the same time hardcore and deep.
B00004YA66|5.0|Excellent movie, especially meaningful in light of recent events...
B000005Z0E|4.0|This is one of the best debut albums I've ever heard and on top of that it came out way back in 92 when modern rap didn't even really exist. This album redefined rap. Before this it had either been hardcore upbeat stuff like Eric B. and Rakim or NWA or chillin stuff like A Tribe Called Quest and De La Soul. Pac was the first to successfully combine these two aspects of rap in my opinion with 2Pacalypse Now. There are some upbeat songs like &quot;Trapped&quot; and &quot;If My Homies Call&quot; and some chillin deep songs like &quot;Soulja's Story&quot; and &quot;Brenda's Got a Baby&quot;. This was a really great start for Pac and he did nothing but go up from here until his death. If you haven't heard this, then check out Pac's beginning and see why he immediately rose to stardom.
B0000203YT|3.0|This movie is really just a good romantic comedy. It lost the oscar, of course, to Saving Private Ryan, which wasn't as pretty or funny. <BR>Gwyneth Paltrow revises the role she's played many times before- pretty, rich girl (with fake British accent)and Judy Dench again plays the crochety older woman, though to be fair this time she is also Queen Elizabeth.<BR>It's not a bad movie, and it's not badly acted, but it doesn't really say anything, except maybe that love is nice, or painful, or fleeting. And that's okay- but a movie that wins the best picture award should be much better than nice, funny and pretty.
B00000055E|3.0|Those of you who are expecting another best of all time 2 cd album from 2pac will be sorely disappointed. This album is nowhere near as good as the aforementioned All Eyez On Me. Of course you can't really expect too much since the man had been dead about 2 years when this album came out. The first cd is pretty decent. I can make it through most of the songs without any serious complaints. Some of the better songs include &quot;I Wonder If Heaven Got a Ghetto&quot; (not the one you heard one the radio), &quot;Thug Style&quot;, and &quot;Nothing To Lose&quot;. The second cd falls terribly short though. About the only song I like listening to is &quot;Do For Love&quot; and you could've just recorded that off the radio or BET. If it were just the first cd, this album might get 4 stars, but as it is, it's lucky it gets 3. Those of you who are expecting vintage Pac (i.e. before his death), don't waste your time on this album. Those of you who just have to have more Pac, well go ahead and get this; it's not completely terrible, but it's not that good.
0553288105|5.0|A clever plot, a clear structure, a great idea and a beautifully written book. if you've not read Asimov this is the best place to start
B00003CX8J|4.0|X-Men is a good movie for it's fast-paced storyline and great acting.  The visual effects in the movie are awesome.  Although I enjoyed the movie, die-hard X-Men fans might not like the fact that the storyline strayed from the comic books a bit.  Brian Singer did a great job not making the characters tacky and putting a modern edge on the costumes and scenery.  The DVD has great special features.  My personal favorite is a screentest of Hugh Jackman.  The edited scenes are great too.  My only problem is with Anna Paquin.  She just doesn't act in the movie.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I like Dido's almost sandy voice. And I've always been a sucker for soulful songs that have a hint of sadness and a touch of story in them. She also looks great ;).<br />I also like to recommend Loreena McKennitt. It's an album full of powerful Celtic tunes. Check it out.
B000002AS1|5.0|I am a great fan of Alan Silvestri's work, and this score is no exception.  The beautiful melodies bring you back to the movie and recall the most emotional and wonderful parts.  I would definitely buy this CD, especially if you are a fan of movie scores.  You won't be sorry.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I like Dido's almost sandy voice.  And I've always been a sucker for soulful songs that have a hint of sadness and a touch of story in them.  She also looks great ;).<br />I also like to recommend Loreena McKennitt.  It's an album full of powerful Celtic tunes.  Check it out.
B00003Q43A|1.0|I'm gonna have to admit that I enjoyed this film when I saw it on the big screen.  I paid the matinee ticket price, so that redeems me somewhat... but there's some nice energy here, great special effects, and I'm always glad when female strippers make an appearance (in a PG-13 movie, no less!).<br />First, I'd have to give a thumbs down to the restored footage in the Special Edition cut of the movie.  There is no stuff blowing up in the restored footage (which explains why it was probably cut to begin with), and they certainly weren't doing anyone a favor by subjecting us to more horrible acting.<br />Personally, I enjoyed the creature design and most of the action.  The ending does leave a lot to be desired.  Okay, yes, a computer virus is a good idea, but it'd probably take years to learn and develop programs for an alien computer network... as opposed to the mere seconds that are devoted to it in the movie.  I expected to hear some wry comment from Pullman, Goldblum, and/or Will Smith about how easily they were able to infect the alien systems with the virus, but they instead just kept blowing stuff up.<br />So, the movie is a bit silly albeit exciting, and I'd much rather see Special Editions of more important films.  As far as audio and video transfers go, I didn't encounter any problems with the discs unlike some other viewers.  You can't go wrong; This set should look &quot;real perty&quot; next to your Criterion Edition of Armageddon.
B00005N5S5|5.0|This movie mad Arnold the action star he is.  This movie made him synonomise with the &quot;I'll be back.&quot;, when you hear that you think Terminator.<br />The story is top notch to action and sci-fi lovers.  In the future machines rise up to control the world after a nucular holocost.  The advanced cyborgs aka terminators are tank like cyborgs with living organic tissue over ther metal skeltens.  One of these are sent back, Schwarzenegger, to kill the would be mother of the general that leads the humans in revolution.  Biehn is part of the human revolution sent back to protect the target, Linda Hamilton.<br />All the acting is dead on and the story never drags.<br />This is the best version will be able to get, great sound, good picture and a slew of extras to keep everyone happy and busy.
B000002NBY|5.0|Paul Simon goes for depth in his ninth solo album, Graceland (1986).  With lyrics as ironic as \\"staccato signals of constant information,\\" Simon searches his listener for stamina, and even bravery, at what he might be pulling out of his hat, a characteristic uncommon to many pop albums.  Many cultures influence this album-South African, jazz, original rock and roll, and Cajun-yet  \\"Graceland\\", the residence of Elvis, is a home of American pop culture.  Consider how rarely people view either South Africa or the southern United States as a \\"lands of grace\\".  Segregation, slavery, and racism made them the locale of discrimination, instead.  <br />Simon cleverly mixes a cappella African singing and 80's synthesizers and guitars on five of the eleven tracks.  \\"Diamonds on the Soles of Her Shoes\\" and \\"Homeless\\" include African words and backing by the South African groups, Gaza Sisters and Boyoyo Boys, who add character, filling the songs with melody, harmony, and voice.  Many of the instruments in the songs do not have melody lines, though.  Simon uses counter-melodic riffs for the guitars, synthesizers, and accordion while his smooth, boyish voice lilts the main melody.  This situation of his voice against the instruments puts the listening emphasis on Simon.  <br />One song distinguishes itself from the rest in an unusual, but attractive way.  \\"Under African Skies\\" may be about Africa, but the melody, themes and interaction of Simon's voice with Linda Ronstadt's is reminiscent of John Denver's \\"Wild Montana Skies\\" with Emmylou Harris.  Linda Ronstadt is a country singer like Emmylou Harris and holds the same role in the song as Harris did.  Both \\"Under African Skies\\" and \\"Wild Montana Skies\\" have ideas about what home is and how people can love the land.  \\"This is the powerful pulsing of love in the veins,\\" says Simon, whereas Denver sings, \\"Give him a fire in his heart.\\"  Similar, but not surprisingly so.  This song is just another example of how Simon uses any kind of background and any kind of style.     <br />Music is the medium Simon uses to ask his questions and state his opinions about life as in previous albums, such as Bookends.  That is what makes his work personal and conversational.  He manifests searching for meaning and significance in life but not finding it.  The phrase, \\"Memphis, Tennessee; I'm going to Graceland,\\" is similar to the Bookends line, \\"Counting the cars on the New Jersey Turnpike, they've all come to look for America.\\"  An enduring theme through both these albums is an examination of what it means to live in America.  \\"Graceland\\" goes about searching through this idea by tasting different cultures to compare them with America. <br />Simon's singing style also sets this album apart.  In fact, at times he doesn't sing, but talks as if you were sitting there with him and he was jabbering away at whatever, which explains why he sometimes repeats himself right after he says it.  For example, in \\"You Can Call Me Al\\", he says, \\"A man walks down the street and says to himself, `Why am I so short of attention?  Got a short span of attention.'\\"  Or on \\"Under African Skies\\", \\"These are the roots and the rhythm and the roots and the rhythm remain.\\"  It is this stylistic device that captures and holds the listener's attention long enough for Simon to share his thoughts. <br />The mixture of cultures in this album makes it live.  It is tasteful, expressive, and renowned for its influence in the 80's as an album that created a bridge between America and Africa.  Because of its musical and lyrical creativity I found myself coming back to listen to Graceland again and again.
B00003CXA2|5.0|you'll always know what your going to get.<br />Great Sound<br />Great Picture<br />Sepctacular Extras<br />+ A Killer Movie<br />If you never heard of this movie you are ethier Nell herselfe or live a cave. This 2 disc set is worth every penny and the movie on this is priceless.<br />I will not say anything about the movie so I won't ruin it for the 4 people left in socity who've been missing out.<br />This is director Robert Zemeckis in top form, and shound be greatfull, as with everyone, he got this great and outsanding DVD transpher.<br />If you hated this movie...it is still a worthy DVD to your collection....if you love it, you probally all ready have it....Don't miss on this great DVD.
B000056IKS|5.0|First of all, let me just say that I think it's great that somebody finally decided to reissue the Neu! albums. Well, now that I got that out of the way, Buy this CD! I love it. It's the perfect soundtrack for when you're in your car and you're driving through the city at night. Make that a hover car.... a neon green hover car.  It really is like going on some kind of futuristic journey. Yes, it's instrumental rock, but it's not boring or inaccessible. If you're like me, you probably own dozens of German kraut rock albums and instrumental &quot;post rock&quot; albums that you hardly ever listen to. (Let's face it... we own them because as hardcore music fans, we're expected to own them.) But I guarantee you that Neu! will be one that you will actually enjoy listening to. It's kinda catchy and pop in a weird sort of way. I love it. And it is NOT, I repeat, NOT obscure or inaccessible. Buy it fool
B00000K2VZ|5.0|This is the best album made by Janis Joplin. <BR>Janis Joplin is whitout doubt one of our greatest singer ever, she have a raw and real voice and she got the moving power. <BR>Today when I turn on the radio I'm really bored and I just turn on Pearl, the best songs on this album is: Move Over, Cry Baby ( is also used in the movie Cry Baby whit Johonny Deep and Ricki Lake ), A Woman Left lonely, Me And Bobby McGee, Mercedes Benz, and Get It While You Can. Janis Death is really sad and she died too soon, A lost for the music world forever no one got the power of Janis Joplin. <br />If you really Like Janis Joplin you should also try Yoko Ono she also makes you wanna like music even more.
B000005IRG|5.0|This one's a must have for any music fan.  It's one of the best, if not THE best album of the whole post-punk era.  I mean, they have a lot in common with other post-punk bands.  Such as their pseudo-intellectualism, and the nervous, detatched singing... but they don't have any of the cynicism of the Fall, the abrasiveness or Gang of Four,  and they're far more accessible than PIL.  That's probably why Marquee Moon is a lot more enjoyable to listen to.  The song writing in it is good, (Even though the lyrics are kinda far out) but the real highlight is the guitar work.  The title track in particular features almost 10 minutes of fantastic guitar soloing.  And the cool thing is that the guitar playing never degenerates into self indulgent guitar wanking.  The playing is never rushed and it's never too flashy.  Instead, it's fluid and thoughtful throughout the entire album.  The interplay between Verlaine and Lloyd is like on a psychic level or something.  Long story short, you'll love this CD.  If you don't own it already, you have to buy it now.
B00000IB4D|5.0|...how great this recording was. I had always preferred &quot;Caravanserai&quot;, but when I ordered &quot;Welcome&quot; and &quot;Caravanserai&quot; from Amazon, they arrived a few days apart.<BR>I had plenty of time to re-aquaint myself with the masterful &quot;Caravanserai&quot; before &quot;Welcome&quot; arrived in my mailbox.<BR>It's been fifteen years since I had heard either recording and I was stunned at the timeless beauty of &quot;Caravanserai&quot;.<BR>But then this morning, I put &quot;Welcome&quot; in my F-150's CD player to hear on the way in to work.<BR>It is magnificent.<BR>All I can say is...wow. This is the best Santana recording ever made.
B00005LB9O|4.0|I think &quot;The Invisible Band&quot; is a perfect title for this CD.  I mean, I've always thought Travis was kinda weird because they were so.... unassuming.  I mean they have no defining character.  I can't really think of words to indentify them like with other British bands.  For example, when I think of the Charlatans UK, I think of: the hammond organ, dance oriented, neo psychedelic rock.  Or with Mansun: pompous, cinematic, grandoise...  Pulp:  quirky, sarcastic, stylish, idiosyncratic....  Even Oasis:  nasal voiced, whiny, Beatles worshipping, unibrow brothers.  But with Travis, I can't really think of anything ...<br />That's why I think it's so strange that they became superstars in the UK.  But anyway, the album is pretty good.  I mean, there isn't anything innovative or original going on here, but all of the songs are of a consistantly high quality.  In truth, it sounds a lot like their last album, &quot;The Man Who&quot;.  And I guess that's why I bought it.  Plus, the singles Sing, and Pipe Dreams are super catchy.<br />I like this band.  They may not have any much of an identity... but that's kinda cool.  It's like they don't have a gimmick.  They just make high quality pop rock.  This CD is worth buying if you liked &quot;The Man Who&quot; or if you just like Brit rock.
B00004RFFI|3.0|O.K. So this isn't Lawrence of Arabia, but it achieves what it set out to do, and that is to provide entertainment.  For 2 hours you can forget your world and just enjoy this popcorn flick.  With great special effects and amazing sound, this is fun, fast and enjoyable, just accept it for what it is.
0452282195|3.0|To be completely honest to Toni Morrison, I had no expectations for this book at all.  The title sounded boring, the beginning was slow, and the words were a bit difficult.  However, at the end I actually got a lot out of it, realizing that people view ohters many times for the wrong reasons.  I never thought about the way people wished they looked like a certain person for just a few physical characteristics.  <br />The Bluest Eye, is a sad story about an ugly 11-year old black girl named Pecola Breedlove,who grows up surrounded by racism and heartbreak.  The young girl and her friends go through many different hard ships and struggles because of racial descrimination.  Pecola feels that by having blonde hair and blue eyes she will be noticed and accepted by society.  On top of her being physically unattractive, her family is dysfunctional and poor.  She feels her answer to all this is looking like Shirley Temple, or just having blonde hair blue eyes.  <br />This novel upset me because I do not view anyone by how they look.  Like the saying goes, &quot;dont judge a book by its cover&quot;, I firmly believe in that.  I have never, nor ever will chose a friend by how they look.  A good personality is one of the greatest things in the world.  When I finished reading this I was angry and depressed at the same time.  I can understand how people feel when they are being stared at for their physical appearence.  I was always one of ridicule because of how small I was,my red hair, and braces.  But I had something that everyone should always look at first, a terrific personality. I would retaliate by lauging it off and then coming back with a nice comment myself about them.  People respected me for who I was and how I made them feel, not just the way I looked.  <br />All together this book hit me emotionally, and really captured the prejudice that goes on everywhere.  Morrison did an excellent job with this book and really surprised me at the end.  I actually handed my momthe book and told her to read it.  I don't do that very often, so she figured it must be good to keep my attention.
1878424319|5.0|I enjoyed this book.  I could relate all of the agreements to my daily life.  This book is something everyone should read especially young people.  <BR>1) Be impeccable with your word<BR>-If you are not impeccable with your word people will never believe you.  <BR>2) Don't take anything personally<BR>-Don't take things so personally.  If someone says you are ugly, don't let it hurt you.<BR>3) Don't make assumptions<BR>-Now if you always make assumptions 9 times out of 10 we are wrong.  Someone may look at us funny and we may think that they are talking about us but maybe are just pointing in our general direction.<BR>4) Always do your best<BR>-If you try your best you have a chance at achieving your goal, but if you don't try, then you will just fail.<BR>Even though this book was an assignment to read for my English class, I enjoyed it a lot and tried to read it at every free moment I had.  This was the best book that I have read in a while and I think that I might read another book by Don Miguel Ruiz.
0375500901|5.0|This is my first Silva book.  It won't be my last.  Within the first twenty pages I was caught in Silva's deceptively easygoing rhythm of writing.  With thinly sliced scenes and sparsely evocative description, I soon felt I knew the people and places of which he writes.<br />&quot;The Kill Artist&quot; refers to Gabriel Allon, a former Israeli agent who has retreated to his world of art restoration.  He is drawn back into service to track down a Palestinian terrorist named Tariq.  With the help of a French/Jewish model and a handful of others, Gabriel must not only outwit his opponent, he must also battle his own guilt and demons of the past.  With memorable characters such as Shamron, the Israeli secret service head, and Isherwood, the beleagured art collector, Silva draws us into a world of suspense and emotion.  The motivations of Gabriel, &quot;The Kill Artist,&quot; are believable.  As are those of Tariq, the terrorist.  The showdown between the two is worth every page.<br />I've long been a Ludlum and Le Carre fan.  Where Ludlum seems melodramatic and over-the-top, where Le Carre seems cryptic and obtuse, Silva manages to mix tight plotting and action with thoughtful insights and characterisations.  I couldn't have found a better new author.  I've already purchased two of his other books.
B00005LC4B|5.0|The movie is great but all the DVD cases I've shaken have plastic rattling around in them. This appears to have been a production problem that no one seems to want to admit. The hinges for the 1st disc are broken, thus the pieces rattling around in them. I say this is a production problem because, after I realized the problem and returning one, I couldn't hear any pieces in the one I decided to take home. Well, mine had broken hinges too but no pieces floating around. Seeing it was sealed, I assume it happened in production. I decided to keep the movie anyway because I like it so much. Hope I can find a replacement case someday. Do you think Universal will replace them all?...
B00005Q4GA|5.0|This is the best movie Ive ever seen!If you thought the Mummy was good,then you will love this one!This movie has a lot of adventure.I have the video game and I still dont get it but the movie is off the hook!I cant wait till it comes out on DVD!Believe me,you have to see this movie!Is a great movie for everyone and kids too cause it has No sexual content,and thats something parents worry about.Its defenetly worth seen this movie.And your kids will defenetly love it and teens too!Angelina Jolie did a great job.After seen this movie, she became one of my favorite actresses.If you liked her in this movie,then you should check out ORIGINAL SIN,where she also starts,but this one not apropiate for kids cause its got strong sexual content.But is also good!Thats about all!
B00000253N|2.0|This is a murky record, only partially successful.  The opening track, &quot;Tangled Up in Blue,&quot; was improved by one of the Minneapolis guitarists by changing the key to A (compare earlier version released on 'Bootleg Series'), but the recording is irritating to listen to because the mix is sloppy.  This song comes off much better in live shows (never better than Milwaukee '97), and the lyrics were considerably improved for the 'Real Live' version.  The earlier version of &quot;You're a Big Girl Now,&quot; released on 'Biograph,' is so superior to the one on this record that one wonders what Dylan and his producers could possibly have been thinking.  The original version features a beautifully sad steel guitar, tender and bittersweet vocals, and a heart-wrenching harmonica part.  The version released here has no steel, a pretty good vocal, and (by comparison) a terrible harp solo.  It does feature some nice flamenco-style guitar playing, but most of the power of the song has been left behind.  &quot;Idiot Wind,&quot; which comes off perfectly on 'Hard Rain,' is too vitriolic here because there's not enough humility in the performance.  I did witness an excellent live performance of this one in Minneapolis back in '92; guess it took time to gel.  &quot;You're Gonna Make Me Lonesome&quot; is one of the highlights of this album: a timeless song enthusiastically performed, with none of the self-pity (and self-loathing) that tends to weaken so many of the other songs on this record.  Bob would do well to (re)introduce this one into his current show.  &quot;Meet Me in the Morning&quot; is a fine blues tune with the classic Key of E feel that Bob has successfully used in so many of his bluesier songs (&quot;What Was It You Wanted&quot; and &quot;Highlands&quot; come to mind as very similar progressions).  I like that line about &quot;56th and Wabasha&quot; since there is no such corner in Saint Paul; there is a 6th and Wabasha, however.  (Anybody know of a 56th and Wabasha in another city?)  &quot;Lily, Rosemary and the Jack of Hearts&quot; is another highlight, a very creatively written ballad, rich enough in imagery to rank as a precursor to his superlative lyricism on 'Street Legal,' released a few years later (a much superior album in every way).  The song also features a good thumping D Key bass line.  &quot;If You See Her&quot; is a bit over the top, but I'm glad they decided to include a mandolin.  &quot;Shelter from the Storm&quot; is an excellent song that could've benefitted from a better mix, with the guitar louder and more up front.  Again, it works much better on 'Hard Rain' in an altered arrangement.  A good vocal performance and some nice harp playing at the end, though.  &quot;Buckets of Rain&quot; is moderately strong lyrically and musically, and more genuinely sad than any of the other songs (since they left off the original &quot;Big Girl Now&quot;).  All in all, my least favorite Dylan record (album, whatever) of the 1970s, but including some very strong songs that have proved their worth in other venues.
B00000JQFM|2.0|Although this album has grown on me a little, I did not care for it when I first listened to it. It reminds me of the synthesizer-like background music used on 70's sci-fi shows - perhaps due to heavy doses of effects such as flangers and/or phasers(?). The album keeps the alien theme going throughout, which I find gets tedious. Things that are growing on me: the wooshing silver surfer effect on the title track, and ice 9 (it sounds like the guitar is talking -- saying \\"surfing with the alien\\")  -- perhaps a Digitech Whammy-wah effect? Joe is reputedly a technically awesome guitarist and guitar teacher (Steve Vai and Kirk Hammet were pupils of his!) but this did not \\"float my boat\\". I am seeing a pattern with solo artists -- perhaps there is creative benefit to being in a band and interacting with other humans (rather than aliens?)!
B00003CXAA|4.0|Sure, the Godfather I and II are naturals for any collections.  Does that mean that you should purchase this 5 disc collection? - that depends.<br />While I haven't gone through all five disks yet this is what I can share with those of you who are considering purchasing the collection.  Francis Ford Coppola's commentary on the first two films is terrific - both interesting and entertaining.  He discusses his troubles with studio execs and scene by scene mentions many interesting and revealing points.  For example,  the L.A. scenes in the movie were all second units and not done with the principal actors.  The cat in Marlon Brando's lap in the opening scene was improv.  Some scenes during the Wedding that look like bright sunshine were actually shot at night because studio \\"watchers\\" had told Coppola that he needed to stop shooting that day.  The scene where Luca Brasi (Lenny Montana) is rehearsing the lines of thanks for being invited to the wedding ... was done after Lenny could not say the lines well in front of  Marlon Brando.  So they put the scene where Luca is rehearsing the lines so that we are in on the fact that Brasi is nervous. ... (and on and on).<br />The print is good but not great.  I have no idea why a studio like Paramount could not clean up the spots/grain on the film better a la Rear Window.  Probably just another opportunity to release a better version down the road and make some more money off this thing.  <br />Extras are well listed here at ...(the website).  But of special note is the \\"Up Close\\" or behind the scenes if you will.  There you can witness the improv of Coppola with some pretty young actors at the time .. Pacino, Duval, Caan etc.<br />Hope this helps ...
B00005NI5Y|5.0|This album is a Bob Dylan concert.  Music from many different American genres and the band is tight throughout.  Dylan's voice is not as polished as on Time Out of Mind, but it works.  You can tell the vocals are all one take, sometimes maybe parts received a second take and this adds to the carefree intamacy of the album.  On Po' Boy, Dylan playfully rips jokes and on the opposite side of the spectrum, Highwater, dylan's lyrics seem poinant especially after the tragedy of September 11th.<BR>This is a strong album and deserves a couple of listens.
B00005MP58|1.0|I love Pride &amp; Prejudice. I've watched it so many times I was afraid that I would eventually wear out my VHS tapes. I was really excited to get this Special Edition DVD: widescreen at last!  <br />Unfortunately this is a terrible transfer. The colors are really off and whitewashed. Everything looks pale and everyone looks ill. The contrast is really bad too. Dark furniture in the background has no detail, it just disappears into the shadows. Everything is murky and dark back there. It's hard to tell where shadows end and hair starts on other characters.   <br />I love this miniseries, but this poor quality really ruins my ability to enjoy it.  I'm going to return the DVD and go back to my VHS tapes.  Sad but true, in this case the VHS version is superior to the DVD version.
B00003CXZ1|5.0|This movie Rocks!!!<BR>it has soo much action in it you can just sit down and relax while watching!<BR>it has a nice story about the stars line-up, there is another guy that whnts to take the tringles from Lara,they go to some cool places, and..<BR>Lara Croft looks in her best while preforming some cool tricks.<BR>whatch and enjoy! It definetly worth it!!!
B000024D4R|4.0|Okay, the last review I wrote for this album, in fact, this is my first double-post on the same album, was very much not in favor of it.  I only listened to it, and I didn't even finish it because I dismissed the songs as long and stupid and mediocre.  Well, here's the thing; they appear that way if you don't understand them.  I listened to the album a few more times, and I finally found the whole thing to be a powerful piece of work, and I kept on listening.<br />THe Pigs On the Wing songs are pretty good, not standouts, I'd say, but they're nice.<BR>&quot;Dogs&quot; is an amazing one, it's 17 minutes long, but it's just so haunting and moving.  I think Floyd did a great job with this one.<BR>&quot;Pigs&quot; is my favorite.  The vocal melody and the keyboard harmony just makes it a great piece.  I love this one.<BR>&quot;Sheep&quot; is my least favorite because it just seems too desperate and forced to me, but it's a good one, especially the lyrics.<br />I think, lyrically, this is one of their best albums, song-wise it's not the best, but this album deserves more than the one star I gave it the first time and received a great deal of hate mail for.  But hey, if I had read that review knowing what i know now, I'd have sent me a hate mail... right, I'm going to go and figure out what the Hell I meant by that.
0385486804|5.0|Jon Krakauer wrote this book before his even more celebrated book, &quot;Into Thin Air&quot; about the failed Everest expedition. Both books are notable, not only for the thrilling adventures they recount but for how well written they are.<br />Not only does Krakauer make you feel as if you are in the shoes of his subject, he also makes you feel as if you are in their head...he does an excellent job of looking into the motivations of the people he is writing about and why they are drawn to what are dangerous or even eccentric pursuits.<br />I read his original article in Outside magazine about McCandleless and like so many others, was touched, saddened, mystified and probably a little pissed off that a young man, so intelligent would choose such a stupid way to find himself. Krakkauer does an admirable and sensitive job of looking for clues in the lives of other adventurers and in the journals that McCandleless left behind. He takes us to the people that met and were touched by McCandleless during his two year journey that ultimately led him to that deserted bus in the middle of the woods in Alaska. Why McCandless chose to go into the wild so ill-prepared, we will never know. But the author has done as good a job as anyone in providing us with enough interviews and information to at least give us some ideas.<br />On a lighter note......I'll look forward to reading the next book by Jon Krakauer.
B00005NI5Y|4.0|It seems to me that Dylan is doing something new with his music; having fun with it.  And that's not a bad thing at all, sometimes we may get tired of the Bob Dylan lyrics that may not only induce headaches but recurring nosebleeds as we try to understand what the Hell he is talking about.<br />I hear several complaints about this guy's voice on this album.  Well here's the thing, I think this album sounds more like a cowboy legend is singing on it; look on the back of the freaking CD.  Does that look like the ... off Bob Dylan we know from the 60's?  No, this looks more like some snake-eyed gunman who will shoot you if you cheat at poker.<br />This album is definitely a great purchase.  Just about every song on this album is a good song, standouts are \\"Honest With Me\\", \\"High Water\\", \\"Sugar Baby\\", Lonesome Day Blues\\", \\"Summer Days\\", \\"Cry a While\\", and \\"Bye and Bye\\" because I just get the impression that Bob Dylan is just having fun.  This album is good, and it's different because there's not much it really says, but this is definitely a different Bob Dylan.
B00000D9TK|4.0|I have had this cd over a year now, and I still don't understand most of it.  No matter!  I love the entire CD.  The first Celine cd I bought was her greatest hits cd, which was good but not spectacular.  But S'il suffisait d'aimer is good from start to finish, very melodic and relaxing at times, and upbeat at other moments.  The best songs are 'Zora Sourit', and 'On ne change pas.'
B000024D4R|4.0|Okay, the last review I wrote for this album, in fact, this is my first double-post on the same album, was very much not in favor of it.  I only listened to it, and I didn't even finish it because I dismissed the songs as long and stupid and mediocre.  Well, here's the thing; they appear that way if you don't understand them.  I listened to the album a few more times, and I finally found the whole thing to be a powerful piece of work, and I kept on listening.<br />THe Pigs On the Wing songs are pretty good, not standouts, I'd say, but they're nice.<BR>&quot;Dogs&quot; is an amazing one, it's 17 minutes long, but it's just so haunting and moving.  I think Floyd did a great job with this one.<BR>&quot;Pigs&quot; is my favorite.  The vocal melody and the keyboard harmony just makes it a great piece.  I love this one.<BR>&quot;Sheep&quot; is my least favorite because it just seems too desperate and forced to me, but it's a good one, especially the lyrics.<br />I think, lyrically, this is one of their best albums, song-wise it's not the best, but this album deserves more than the one star I gave it the first time and received a great deal of hate mail for.  But hey, if I had read that review knowing what i know now, I'd have sent me a hate mail... right, I'm going to go and figure out what the Hell I meant by that.
B00000DFTG|5.0|Black Sabbath has put out many great albums over the years.  But by far this has to be their best one.  Put it this way if you are just starting to listen to this band, you should purchase this album!  With songs like ironman, paranoid, and war pigs all on the same CD you've got the whole package.  And when Ozzy sings live his voice may sound wavy but that is how Black Sabbath is, and will always be.  Trust me, Heavy Metal fans looking for some quality classic metal, turn here!!!<BR>ROCK ON!!!!
0312979479|3.0|And Then There Were None is a book written by Agatha Christie.  It is a mystery that is very unpredicting.  This book was suggeted to me by a friend and I would only suggest this book to someone if they are into a mystery.  I was really not that much into the book. I guess it is  not the kind of book i really read. The story is about eight people are invited to a summer holiday on &quot;Indian Island.&quot;  As they get to the island they are greeted by a butler and a maid.  They tell the guests that the hosts will not be there for the first night.  After they arrive the guests take notice that the house in which they are staying is very strange.  They go to dinner the first night and one of the guests is killed.  Then all of the guests are killed one by one.  No one knows who the killer is and there is hardly any evidence and a lot of accusals. At the end of the book you get to find out who the killer is and why they did it.  This book was okay in my opinion but it is very laid out and long.  Overall the only people who should read this book is the people who are into mysteries.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This is an hilarious movie full of childish and adult humour which makes it ideal for the family. The acting is great and the actors suit the characters perfectly. The dvd has a lot of special features including deleted scenes which are brilliant and is definitely worth buying for. The plot is incredibly funny and falls nothing short of the funniest movie i have ever seen and this is the type of movie you could take to a desert island and watch it over and over, though i don't think it would keep you sane. This is definitely worth watching!
0452282152|4.0|Tracy Chevalier creates a convincing, enthralling portrait of fictitious Griet, a sixteen-year-old poor protestant maid who works for the affluent catholic family of celebrated painter Johannes Vermeer in order to sustain her poverty-stricken family. Griet progressively metamorphoses herself economically and socially into a well-balanced woman who does the best with the little (power) she has in the male, stratified Dutch society of the seventeenth century. Girl with a Pearl Earring is perhaps more importantly an invitation to (re) discover the city of Delft that has preserved both its charm and cachet despite the torments of time and the artistic genie of one of her most famous sons.
6305949980|5.0|I have recently done my own stop motion animation film, and I saw this again recently since doing it and, thought I had seen it like hundreds of times before, I was so blown away now that I understood how hard it is! Especially that one part where he sings that song 'poor jack' and his clothes are all torn up and swing back and forth OMG that is hard, like, somebody animated that frame by frame and it must have taken sooo long. And its got this awesome pan through the whole thing, that whole scene has these great sweeping camera movements and that is really difficult to do, they had to get like these robotic cameras that moved frame by frame (no joke, watch the making of)!!!! This movie is such a landmark and I show it to everyone who hasn't seen it. The DVD is great because it has lots of special features and making ofs. If you haven't seen this movie then you are a POOR DEPRIVED SOUL!!!! Also the music is so great I am obsessed with Danny Elfman he is so cool. DANNY E 4 EVER!
B00003CXS4|5.0|I have never seen a movie quite like this.  It's funny beyond any normal American movie.  The plot is actually three unrelated plots that slowly meld into one incredible plot that centers the main characters in the movie achieving the goal of the other two plots.  The three plots are:  Boxing promoters looking for a way to make some quick cash, three black guys (very funny) out to make a quick job in and end up stealing a diamond, and the American/English diamond salesmen who are trying to get their stolen diamond sold in America.  You'll be amazed how the story ends up.  You'll love all the little parts in between.<br />All told it's pretty much a male macho movie, but girls going to my university here think it's a funny movie too.  Not for people who don't like heavy swearing in a movie.
B00004TS0E|5.0|You'll fall in love with the magic of Christmas all over again with &quot;Miracle on 34th Street,&quot; the modern day remake of the 1947 classic film about a young girl who gets the ultimate Christmas wish when she meets the real Santa Claus. With an extremely likeable cast, a faithful adaptation of the original material, and holiday spirit and cheerful execution to boot, this is one holiday film you won't want to miss. <br />Set in our time, the film opens with the Cole's Thanksgiving Day Parade, as Dorey Walker (Elizabeth Perkins) comes upon a severely drunken actor who has been employed to play Santa Claus in the parade's send-off. Her problems are solved when she runs across the delightful Kris (Richard Attenborough), who bears a striking resemblance to the real deal. She convinces him to replace the now-inept actor, and the parade goes off with nary a fault. <br />Kris's authenticity touches many of those who come in contact with him, including Dorey's young daughter, Susan (Mara Wilson), who is a non-believer. Kris, along with family friend Bryan Bedford (Dylan McDermott), sets out to make a believer out of Susan, all the while charming the children who sit in his lap at the department store, and causing a buzz of good publicity for the department store. <br />All of this is done with a great deal of charm and holiday spirit. The movie is one of the better modern Christmas films I've had the pleasure of seeing. The fact that it is based on a classic is of no importance, because it keeps the spirit and wisdom of that previous film and instills into a setting we can better relate to. <br />It keeps in touch with the original's many touching moments. One that comes to mind is Kris's conversation with a deaf little girl, a truly touching moment that rides the movie's emotional carriage home. It's scenes like this that give the movie such an uplifting sense of direction and spirit, along with the central message, as Kris so magnificently puts it, that &quot;if youcan't accept anything on faith, then you're doomed to a life dominated by doubt.&quot; <br />The real delights come from the cast, a perfect addition to the movie's already wonderful story execution. Richard Attenborough is a marvelous actor, and bleeds of good cheer and high spirits; he is the ideal Santa Claus, and his performance is very touching. Equally touching is the acting of little Mara Wilson, who plays Susan with a wit beyond her years, but also provides her with the same childhood skepticism that captivating young minds are so capable of. McDermott and Perkins can't hold a candle to their two costars, but their acting is nonetheless superb, and very believable. <br />There's nothing to find fault with in this beautifully crafted holiday film, and however you look at it, &quot;Miracle on 34th Street&quot; measures up to the standards of the original. Destined to become a classic, it develops a warmth and charm found in so little modern movies, and its intentions are nothing less than grand.
0783225970|5.0|On Barbra Walter's interview with Al Pacino several years ago she said that this was Pacino's favorite role. But this film stands on its own despite this proclamation. This is an underworld's rags to riches story with one of the greatest endings to a film ever!<br />Pacino plays a Cuban refugee thug , Tony Montana , who claws and scracthes(taking some lives along the way) to the top of the cocaine world in Miami with the help of his right hand man Manny Ray(Steven Bauer). <br />Pacino plays this part with such passion and energy that he absolutely fuels this film from beginning to end. You can't take your eyes off the man. He adds humanistic dimensions to Tony Montana. He shows Montana's humor , machismo , intelligence , leadership , guts , and flaws. He even shows Montana's tender side(the scene with Michelle Pfeiffer at poolside). Pacino actually gets you to like a character who is basically a sleezeball. Now that is acting!<br />There are memorable moments throughout this film and some are very graphic but what is probably the highlight moment of this film is the great shoot 'em up scene at the end ; Sosa's hitmen infiltrating Montana's estate to kill him because Montana botched a major hit for Sosa. When Montana , full of cocaine , finally refocus his attention to the hitmen he fights back in complete defiance to them with a machine gun/grenade launcher. &quot;Say hello to my little friend!&quot; is now one of those famous movie lines of film history. He blast them away like dominoes , withstanding the awesome gunfire because of the cocaine in his system. This is a real &quot;guy's&quot; scene. It's action fueled by high octane adrenaline and Pacino plays it beyond belief. His performance is so elating that you want to grab a machine gun and fight along side him. Pacino IS Scarface!<br />The DVD comes with great perks like theatrical trailers , production notes , cast and filmaker bio's , the making of SCARFACE(with Pacino) , and 10 outtakes from the film. The film is letterboxed but is not digitally enhanced. It would've been nice to see the film enhanced but it doesn't hurt the experience of watching this film. In fact I don't really care. It's SCARFACE!
0399146253|1.0|Scarpetta has indeed finally gone over the edge. She has gotten so parinoid she needs to go into the psychiatric ward of a good hospital for treatment. Her resignation from the Virginia State Government is justified. It is too bad Cornwell left it unresolved at the end of the book. Of all the novels that are going to make up the Scarpetta lexicon this one will probably rank as one of the all time worst. I only hope Cornwell acts quickly to re-invent Scarpetta or she may soon have to stop writing Scarpetta novels, if for no other reason than Scarpetta fans becoming pernamently disallusioned with the character. Get well Kay, get a life, learn how to fight back, or simply stop waisting our valuable time and simply go away.
0140544518|5.0|As someone who is interested in Children's Book Illustration, Lane Smith's pictures are VERY humorous, and John Scieszka's writing, make this duo one of the best Children's Picture Book writer and illustrator to come out in a long time! A Big Thumbs Up!
0380796090|5.0|I read this book for the first time about two years ago, when I was 19, and although the intended audience is about ten years older than that, I related to so much of this book.  My favorite part is a tie between two scenarios I will describe briefly so I don't ruin anything: <br />1.) When Claire, the main character, describes what happens when a young woman is forced to spend the night with a young man--not out of choice, but because she has no way of getting home.<br />[The scenario Claire descibes is so TRUE that when it happens in real life, my best friend and I call it a &quot;Watermelon night&quot; after the title] <br />2.) When Claire describes what happens when a couple in love breaks up and remains &quot;friends&quot;.<br />My only 2 complaints with this book are that the reader never gets a clear reason as to why James (Claire's husband)leaves her, and other things he does later in the story that I don't want to ruin, and that, as another reviewer put it, Adam's role in the story is a little too convenient and too good to be true.<br />Rachel's Holiday is also very good, although much, MUCH heavier, and I love how Claire is brought into the story (as Rachel's oldest sister), especially a very humorous moment when Rachel and her friend, Brigit, meet some fellow native-Irish boys in a New York bar.
0671004107|5.0|Carl Sagan's Contact is a very well-written, enjoyable books that manages to get a point across and be educational at the same time. Many books have approached the problems of first contact, but few have examined it as thoroughly as Sagan does here. Also, he approaches it in a different way from most. Rather than have the aliens visit the earth, the human race instead picks up artificial radio signals, and... well, I won't spoil it for you. Suffice it to say that Sagan's deep involvement with Project SETA carries over into this book and gives it a highly realistic feel, that along with the well-drawn cast of characters and pseudo-documentary narrative style. Another thing that makes this book worthy is that Sagan weaves his views on such issues as religion (on which he raises some very valid flags), science, government, nationalism, sexism, and aliens. You might not agree with everything he says, but you have to at least allow that he raises some truly tangible points. This is a fine book: well-thought out, info-packed, believable, and readable. My highest reccommendation (and a lot better than the movie, by the way.)
0671027573|5.0|Jaine Bright is a very unlucky lady with love. With three broken engagements she has definitely given up men, except for her annoying neighbor, FBI Detective Sam Donovan, for whom she develops a very intense attraction.<br />  Jaine's problems begin when she and three other friends create a list about the perfect guy and the attributes he should have; by mistake the list ends in the media hands and spreads all over the country getting the attention of a very peculiar killer.<br />  I've read a lot of Mrs. Linda Howard books, and I must say that this one is pretty good, the plot is very intriguing and at first when you start reading you think you know all that's happening but at the end you just realize that you didn't have the slightest idea. I really liked the relationship between the main characters; at first all they wanted was sex, but then, they discover just how intense their feelings are.<br />  If you are a frequent reader of LH's books you'll love this one, and if you're not, you'll love it as well.
B000002KYH|3.0|Rod Stewart was one of my first musical heroes . His whiskey-loaded voice , his natural blues instinct , all that and more captured my interest during the late seventies .<br />In the early 80's he decided to try his luck at the disco frenzy , and recorded &quot;Da ya think I'm sexy&quot; , &quot;Passion&quot; and other songs that I never liked . After that , I lost contact .<br />I got interested in having this album because it is a live performance , but there's mixed results . There are very good performances , especially of his old stuff like &quot;Sailing&quot; , &quot;You're in my soul&quot; , &quot;Maggie May&quot; , &quot;Tonight's the night&quot; and a rocking , hell-raiser version of &quot;Hot legs&quot;.<br />But there's also a few low points : if &quot;Tonight I'm yours&quot; is better performed here than in its studio version , &quot;Da ya think I'm sexy&quot; doesn't quite thrill me at all and the show finishes off with a pathetic trio with Kim Carnes and Tina Turner on &quot;Stay with me&quot; .<br />Some friends tell me that his Unplugged CD is a good one , I might try it some day . If it doesn't work , well , I'll go back to his early stuff and stop right at &quot;Foot loose and fancy free&quot; , his 1976 or '77 album . After that it's not really great music.<br />Apparently , Rod got better and better at chasing blondes and being a jet set headline , but in the process he somewhat lost inspiration . Well , a golden retirement isn't bad after all .
0312979479|5.0|When I read this book, it was the first mystery I'd ever read, but the book was so good that I began to read more mystery. After becoming the mystery connoisseur, I determined that this was by far the best Agatha Christie novel and best mystery novel in general. This book is a real page turner because the reader has no idea who the killer is until the last page (even further then that actually; you don't find out until the epilogue)! This book has even gone down in history crowning the phrase &quot;and then there were none.&quot; So, in conclusion, I believe that this book is a must read for a first time mystery reader or a life-long mystery lover!!!
B000001IQH|4.0|Until the first 12 songs , this one was headed for a full 5 stars. But the last pieces somewhat lack the consistency of the first two thirds of the album .<br />Nevertheless , I will highly recommend this one , particularly for those interested in punk rock , and most particularly those interested in knowing what is punk rock NOW , twenty-some years after the Sex Pistols , Clash , Damned and Ramones first stormed into the musical scene , creating a musical and social earthquake of unimagined and gigantic proportions .<br />Rancid is , no doubt , a rightful heir to those bands , as a matter of fact their Clash influences show everywhere throughout the album , but this is not something to be ashamed of , on the contrary they pick where the Clash left and follow the same line , but they sound fresh , not just a replica .<br />Probably most people will only know &quot;Time bomb&quot; since MTV aired the video somewhat frequently a few years ago . A good song indeed , but a few others match this one : particularly &quot;Olympia , WA&quot; , &quot;Junkie man&quot; ,&quot;The 11th. hour&quot; , &quot;Ruby Soho&quot; and the hidden gem &quot;Journey to the end of the East Bay&quot; .<br />All in all , a good CD , highly recommendable . Rancid is a honest , down-to-earth band with their feet standing firmly in the punk rock foundations , but not limited to nostalgia .<br />This was my first Rancid experience . I plan to buy one or more CD's from them , since I believe it's well worth it .
6305657939|1.0|I am told this is better than the original.  I think I saw the original years ago.  I don't remember it being a stinker but if this remake is supposed to be better, then the original had to be awful.  This picture makes no sense.  The acting is OK, the story is for the feeble and that is about it.
6305358613|4.0|this is a great movie, as long as you realize it is not historically accurate.  it's hollywood at their best.  wonderfully entertaining and Cate Blanchett is awesome, but key concepts are left out.
B00005JKES|5.0|Artisan owns the rights to the series, but not to the pilot.<BR>If you want the pilot, ask Warner, they own the rights to the pilot.
0767836286|4.0|The movie itself is somewhat slow, but wow, what an ending!! Joan Cusack is so creepy as the &quot;control agents' wife&quot;. She slinks up to a woman about to be killed for snooping and casually says &quot;yeah, uh huh...&quot; in a mothering sort of way -chilling!! I'll spare the details only to say that you should'nt miss it. &quot;YOUR PARANOIA IS REAL&quot;
6305922756|5.0|Brilliant. I've seen this movie countless times...and everytime I see it, I find something new to laugh at. It's really hilarious to watch this, and then flip over to VH-1 and catch &quot;Behind the Music&quot;.<br />The DVD features almost an entire second movie of outtakes. Some of these are pretty boring and trivial, but there are some great scenes mixed in here (including a fun bit about Derek Smalls' movie career). The DVD also includes the band's &quot;videos&quot; and the TV commercial for their greatest hits album (a rip on the K-TEL complitation commercials of the 70's and 80's). Rob Reiner also adds in some humorous promos, in character, as &quot;Marty DeBergi&quot;.
B00005MKQV|5.0|When this 2-CD set came out here in Spain..I RAN and bought it. Ok, if you already have Music..then you are not missing anything..it does not have &quot;American Pie&quot; which was released on the European versions..or &quot;Cyberaga&quot; which is released with &quot;Pie&quot; on the Japanese and Austrailian versions. But, some of the remixes are not included on certain  single releases in certain countries...so..if nothing own it for the neat video of &quot;What It Feels Like&quot;..which I heard was banned from Mtv in the US and the cool version of &quot;What it Feels Like&quot; in Espaol!
B00003CXAA|5.0|When you talk about Al Pacino there two movies that come to mind Scarface and of course the movie that made Al Pacino a household name the Godfather,the orignal gangsta movie,and frankly it,s about time we get this on DVD .
B00005N9CV|3.0|First of all, like previous Amazon reviewers, I love Diana. I vividly recall the first time I heard her---singing &quot;Peel Me A Grape&quot;---and every detail of the time and place of the experience.  She's a vivid and immensely gifted musician and singer.<br />So what happened with &quot;The Look of Love&quot;?  Did someone talk her into this, or was it her concept?  There is very little tempo (why must love songs always sound like dentist-office music?),  the orchestrations almost overwhelm her AND what little there is of her piano-playing. The choice of songs is also uninspired, so standard they could only be called war-horses.  The packaging is also somewhat annoying, over-capitalizing on her famous legs.  Haven't we already seen a similar cover on &quot;All For You&quot;?<br />The good news is that vocally Diana has never sounded better, if you adjust the balance on your stereo to lift it out of Claus Ogerman's smothering arrangements. And if this WEREN'T a DK recording, I would have found it totally palatable. It just doesn't measure up against her other sets.  Please, Di, get back in the studio with &quot;the guys&quot; ASAP. We waited too long for this one...<br />First time buyers, select Diana's &quot;Love Scenes&quot; before you go on to &quot;The Look of Love&quot;.
B000002BSG|5.0|This is total funk/disco (just don't ask Jason &quot;Jay&quot; Kay that, he says it's more like live club music. Suuure, Jay). Funk/disco to bring the house down with trippin' vocals from Jay, who does a dead-on impression of Stevie Wonder. Not only does Jamiroquai capture the funk/disco vibe of the late '70's, they also make it cool to use dijeridoos in pop music.<br />Dijeridoos are an ancient Australian Aboriginal instrument made from a hollowed-out tree log. The resulting sound is an unearthly drone that is very expressive and capable of mimicking voices, words and animal sounds (David Hudson, the foremost Australian didj player, played a didj solo for the &quot;Survivor 2&quot; theme). Jamiroquai uses the didj to enhance an already funky sound to a new sonic level...it's out of this world!<br />Also on this album is my favourite song &quot;Cosmic Girl,&quot; a flurry of wah-wah guitars, Hammond organ, space effects....woooooow. For better or worse, the '70's musical legacy lives on in Jamiroquai. And dig that didj!
B000000993|5.0|Yes tool are trailblazers. Just lok at when this cd was put out, 1993. Id expect something like this around 99. Yes indeed Tool are very gifted musicains. Although the music isnt very um... bold(in structure) it is still awesome. Maynards lyrics are very bold and moving. In &quot;sober&quot; he almost makes you wanna hate religon. His vocals are unmatched, only Linkin Park's Chester Bennigton comes close to range and just all around awsomeness. Not too mention Paul D'amore and Adam Jones(who must be very weird, just look at the cds art once you buy it) who are the bass and guitar layers. Both are gifted musicans, but ;on this album, not very edgey. Danny Carey, the drummer, like always, Keeps the fast moving drum beats coming. But this is not an all &quot;nu-metal cd&quot;. In fact the song &quot;bottom&quot; which features Henry Rollins, is actually quite slow(rollins recites what seems to be a poem that doesn't quite blend with the song).If you a new tool fan you should buy this or Aenima, you'll appreciate Lateralus more. So buy Undertow if youre in the mood for dark and cool rock/metal music.
B0000507PC|5.0|The Cider House Rules superbly shows how strong character and love for one's fellow human being can make a difference.  Some might say this film is about abortion, or orphanages.  They would be wrong.  That is the backdrop, the setting.  What the film is really about is the ability of a strong and caring personality to make a difference and pass on the wellspring of good, both in the here and now, and into the future.  Sleep well, you Princes of Maine, you Kings of New England!  Great film.  You don't want to miss it.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|U-571 (2000, PG-13 for War Violence and Brief Strong Language)<br />THE GENRE: Action/Historical/War/Drama<br />THE CAST: Harvey Keitel, Matthew McConaughey, Bill Paxton, Jon Bon Jovi.<br />THE PLOT: An American Submarine crew is sent on a mission to steal a communication device from a Nazi U-boat, but soon are forced to take cover on the Nazi boat when their submarine is destroyed.<br />WHAT WORKS: Realism, powerful performances and realistic depictions of WWII submarine battles.  This also has rip roaring action sequences and very dramatic thrills!<br />WHAT DOESN'T: (There really isn't anything that doesn't work)<br />OVERALL: &quot;This film is flat out great!  It is one of the first best films of the new millenium!  Jonathan Mostow has finally made a name for himself as a director!  U-571 is excellent!&quot;
0896760278|5.0|Janet Arnold's clear, precise illustrations of period garments are just as valuable as her detailed descriptions of materials used and garment construction techniques. This book is most helpful for students of Victorian and Edwardian fashion, particularly since the garments chosen for study are not extreme examples but ones well suited for the reenactor or living historian. The graphed patterns are easily enlarged with one-inch gridded paper, and the intermediate seamstress will have no trouble creating beautiful outfits.
B000002BFZ|5.0|Pearl Jam never really was grunge. They came from the Northwest in the early 90's, they had distortion pedals, and they had long hair, so I suppose they were pretty well doomed by association. But they were just a rock band, and for a brief moment, they were THE rock band. They outsold every other band from the era. Even the over-worshipped Nirvana's sales were no match (though the extremity with which Cobain is praised means that in the long run Nirvana will probably overtake them). <br />And, though they weren't really grunge, they were the ones to put it to bed once and for all, with this album. It takes them just two songs. The first, one of the albums many highlights, is Present Tense. It significies Pearl Jam's leaving behind the anger once and for all. &quot;You can spend your time alone,&quot; Vedder sings, &quot;redigest in past regrets....makes much more sense to live in the present tense.&quot; With the biggest band of the era turning away from the rage that dominated the early 90's, it was doomed to end. And the second song, closer Around the Bend (which was written amusingly to be both a lullabye and a serial killer's song to someone he's just eaten), waves goodbye to the multi-platinum days they'd never enjoyed and looks ahead to happier, more creative, days ahead. <br />The album, played front to back, is far and away one of the best I have ever heard. Seeking, hopeful, and centered, it's not a concept album, but it might as well be. Listening to it and knowing that it closed the coffin on grunge once and for all times, it certainly feels it. Pearl Jam hasn't yet topped it, though Vitalogy and 1998s Yield are both incredible albums. Maybe someday they will. I have great hopes..after all, there's a sun around the bend.
B00004W4UB|4.0|This is one creepy film!  It's intoxicating in it's slow pace, beautiful images and complex relationships.  I'd classisfy it as a horror/love sorty.  But it's not the kind of horror that revels in gallons of blood an decapitated corpses like Bram Stoker's Dracula.  The gore is kept to a minimum, but when it does appear, it's highly affective.  There's a lot of suspense in the relationships between Mary and the other servants, Jekel and Hyde.<br />The colors are crisp and vibrant, while blacks are very dark.  There is a lot of fog and shadow in the film, yet those subtlities are captured beautifully here as well.  Only the widescreen version is available here and thankfully, it's anamorphic.  There are few extras included which is a shame, becasue a commentary and/or an in dpeth making of documentary would've been very insightful.<br />If you like composed, suspense-filled drama with a dark horror edge, you'll really enjoy Mary Reily.  Julia Roberts and Mackovich give very solid preformances that immediately draw you into the story.  Terrific film for a dark stormy night.
0767802659|5.0|This has been one of the most underestimated movies of all time.<BR>Reading the 'there are no double meanings', 'there's no plot', 'the actors look like they're from melrose place' and the 'glorification of violence' reviews are half the fun of it.<BR>I think it's brilliant. Make 'heroes' out of a beautiful melrose like persons, develop their characters like nazi's. In the end, the 'heroes' are left with a 'friend club' of people who have been hypocritical about love for egoistic reasons, a nazi who almost sent to others to death, and complete emptiness.<BR>If that doesn't make you think. <BR>Apparently it didn't, as almost no one got it ;)<BR>And that's just one side of it.<BR>If one had to critisize this movie, one could say Verhoeven tried to be morally educating and politically correct, you know, like an anti-racism movie that bores the hell out of you because you aren't a racist, or rather, to criticize that if failed, for most ;) I've seen more comments that the movie is actually racist and glorification of violence, etc. It's like saying an anti-racism movie in the Bronx is racist, because it shows racism.<BR>But again, that's half the fun of it ;)
B000059MEK|5.0|I love this CD! I'm what most people would call a metal head. I listen to mostly heavy metal and rock. But I saw the video for \\"one more time\\" on mtv2 one day and I fell in love! Then Cartoonnet work play the others and I loved them just as much!  needless to say I bought the album....and I say its worth the money! Even if techno isn't really your thing....I still say buy it!
0789723107|5.0|Clearly the authors have taken their own advice to heart when writing this book. <br />I almost hate to say this, they pointed out several mistakes that I'm currently doing on my own website. I've no doubt that their guidelines will make my customer's life easier.
0375751513|5.0|This is one of my favorite books! I can't believe how well it is writen. I love classics and the picture of Dorian Grey is one of the best. It's a very good story about vanity, cruelty, and greed.<br />I really don't like books by mdern day authors, like Tom Clancy and so on. They word things as well as authors did back then.
014028009X|5.0|Often in a womans life, there are certain situations that you get yourself into where you wish the ground would open up and swallow you whole! Poor Bridget Jones seems to have had many of these! I have never laughed out loud at a book so many times. My partner even started reading with me because he couldn't sleep with me laughing while reading it in bed. Both men and women will love this account of this 20/30 something's erratic love and career life. Shazza and Jude are carbon copies of my own friends! A Hilarious Read and Must Buy!!
B000059XVS|5.0|Peter O Toole.  No wonder his film career took off!  This is an awesome film.  You must see the scene where Peter O Toole drinks Lemonade in the Officer's Club.  &quot;He likes your lemonade.&quot;  If you like Peter O Toole in other films, you will know exactly what I mean.  This is a film to rent on a rainy long weekend.  Savor ever moment!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I like Britney Spears! I used to hate her up until about a month ago when I got the &quot;oops!... I Did It Again&quot; CD for free when I joined a music club. At first I didn't even want to listen to it and I was going to sell it on Amazon. But then I listened to it and I don't know why everybody says Britney can't sing. She definitely can!<BR>In my opinion the best songs on the album are <BR>1) Stronger<BR>2) (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction<BR>3) Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know<BR>4) Oops!...<BR>5) Lucky<br />Some of the song lyrics are a bit shallow and immature like the song &quot;Dear Diary,&quot; but overall it's a great album that has definitely grown on me over the past month! It's almost like it's become &quot;chic&quot; to put down Britney and make fun of her and say she can't sing but she can. She may not be as good as Madonna or Dido but she has her own style and sound that's enjoyable if she's given a chance.<BR>Keep an open mind and get this CD. It's worth every penny.
B000002H33|5.0|This is one of their best albums yet! Even though its not as fast as R.T.L it still has great lyrics. My favorite song on the album would have to be Orion because the second part in the song is good for just relaxing.
0393316041|5.0|I first heard of Richard Feynman when I was taking Physics in high school and my teacher showed us a movie in which he was interviewed.  In fact, the movie had nothing to do with physics, but with Feynman's quest to visit some obscure country (Tuva??) in the South Pacific.  I was struck by the man's wit, not to mention his intelligence.  Both aspects of his personality came out in this entertaining book.  If you have never heard of Feynman or you have and want to learn more about him, I highly recommend this book.  It includes memoirs both of his work in physics and of his travels through America and around the world.  I found his chapters on safe cracking at Los Alamos and on his army physical examination particularly enjoyable.  &quot;Surely you're joking...&quot; is not too heavy on the physics aspect of his life, but it provides just enough to satisfy the scientifically curious.  A great read to stimulate the mind and keep you smiling throughout.
0380817683|5.0|Desperately searching the airport bookstore for something other than a murder mystery or a depressing Oprah pick, I found this book. Thank goodness. Although my flights were seriously delayed, I didn't mind because I was caught up in Rachel's story.<br />What a great read! Funny, poignant, sad and joyful. I found it to be well-written and thoroughly entertaining. I am a pretty picky reader and don't recommend most novels I've read lately, but I can say I truly loved this book and will buy more by Marian Keyes.<br />(And unlike another reviewer, I did laugh out loud!)
B000002C1V|5.0|This album is near perfection, and always has been, but I hear it in a new light since the attacks.  Written by Roger Waters, who lost his father in World War II and never knew him, you can't help but think a little deeper about war when listening to his ever-magical lyrics.  &quot;Southampton Dock&quot; and &quot;Two Suns in the Sunset&quot; are particularly moving.  It's more of a story than an album that can be listened to one song at a time.  You'd be depriving yourself if you went through life without owning this album.
B00005BJ2O|4.0|I absolutely love this CD, in spite of its quirks and shortcomings. I think the flaws make it even more charming. Nicole Kidman, while no soaring pop diva, does a wonderful job singing, even when she can't quite make the notes. Her confidence is admirable. She sounds best on 'Come What May', the duet with Ewan MacGregor. I already knew Ewan could sing, and his voice is powerful. But, Nicole was definitely a pleasant surprise.<br />The off-beat sense of humor of the pop music anachronisms works extremely well here, particularly in 'Tango de Roxanne'. I am disappointed the hysterical version of 'Like a Virgin' from the film didn't make it to the CD, or Jim Broadbent's fantastic 'Show Must Go On'. I love 'Hindi Sad Diamonds', a juicy mixture of Indian music and American pop. Although I love David Bowie's opening version of 'Nature Boy' I would have also loved to hear the version John Leguizama sang in the film. I have no argument with any of the choices on the CD, but I wish they had added the three songs that I enjoyed from the film.<br />This is a CD I keep listening to over and over. It isn't brilliant, but it's pure entertainment, and it doesn't take itself too seriously.
6305546789|3.0|i really think this is a great movie. it set he slasher genre some friday the 13th fans try to say that jason was better but really he just a copy of michel. this flim devilers scare and gives you a creepy feeling long after wards. i relly like the haunt shot at the benging of six year old micheal holding the knife with that look on his face.
B00004TRD8|5.0|The fact that you can play this movie in DTS is worth the price of the DVD! The sound is truly awesome! The special addition movie is the same one that was on the Pioneer special edition Laserdisc...the same exact movie. The one thing that's nice with the DVD is the scene splices (especially the dream sequence with Michael Biehn) seem to be &quot;seamless&quot; whereas the laserdisc version had traces of a splice. There is a third hidden movie that has all of the cuts spliced back in and really explores the new terminator allot more. You really get to see how much more advanced the new terminator is than the older model. They seemed to give a lot of thought to the menus, and the custom THX segment is the coolest yet! For my fellow home theater buffs, this is one to own! The sound is almost reference quality. All said and done, this is a great DVD and it has a second disc with all supplemental material. One warning, the menus on the supplemental disc can be a little confusing when trying to work your way around them. I gave it 5 stars because it is truly one of the best DVDs currently on the market.
0316777722|5.0|I have read this book dozens of times and I still laugh EVERY SINGLE TIME I read it.  How anyone's life could be that messed up and they still survive to adulthood is beyond me, but I for one am glad that David Sedaris has had a bizzare life.
0385484518|4.0|Although Morrie's Life was shortened by illness, He lived the rest of his life to the fullest. His go getter mentality was that of always looking at the glass as half full and not empty. His optimistic and positive thoughts inspired all that read the book. Morrie had a charm that made us feel as if we too knew this wonderful man.<BR>  <BR>  During his life, Morrie touched a lot of his students. <BR>Mostly his philosophy inspired Mitch Albom, a sports writer who was much a hustler as a person trying to report the news. So every tuesday, morrie talked to him about the meaning of life and how he was not afraid to look death right in the eye.<br />  &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot;,is a book that shows the ups and downs of life. We found this book to be an exceptional piece of work that give us some incite on a Man that found a new lease on life. It made us appreciate every waking moment.
0316921173|2.0|The large work of fiction is nothing new, especially during the last century with Proust, Pynchon and Joyce as the primary and most reknowned of the sophisticated &quot;big book&quot; school of writing.  Much lauded and celebrated as a writer of genuis, DFW is the newest member of this increasing tiresome school. While Proust and Pynchon were clearly gifted writers, creating with not only intelligence but authentic fire, even they become uninteresting. DFW's erudition is obvious, perhaps obtrusively so, and for all the techinical sophistication, he does lack the one intangible quality that makes a writer great, the spirit or spark. As all creators. he is indebted to others, particuliarly about notions of the &quot;self&quot;, but here the inbebtedness is too clear and the relation to Pynchon is far more than merely superficial. About DfW, there is an almost painfully immature quality , particuliarly considering the various relations of these characters, while the humor is iritatetingly sophmoric and not to the standards of great art, like Cervantes, Proust or, to name a minor figure, S.J. Perelman.
B000001Y2U|4.0|Anti-People, now you've gone too far, here's your antichrist, superstar. I think that sums up the theme of this album. Marilyn Manson took every piece of hate that was given to him from his Smells like Children EP, and threw it back at them with hits like the Beautiful People, Tourniquet, Reflecting God and Man that You Fear. The overall thing that stands out about the album are the lyrics, they are very solid, graphically to the point about what he doesn't like and why he doesn't like them (or vice versa). Manson has grown in this album and incorporates softer melodies in songs like the piano in Cryptorchid and the soul draining lyrics in Minute of Decay. Then on the other end of the spectrum there are even, songs like Wormboy that have an old 70s sort of groove to them, with a huge dark Manson edge. Then for the fans of the screaming vocals, blazing guitars and overall Mansonesque lyrics there are some phenomenal five-minute songs like Reflecting God, Mister Superstar, and Irresponsible Hate Anthem that kicks off the album into its definition. There is a good fold out inside the album featuring linier notes, lyrics and decrepit photos of Manson. The only downfall to the album is that sometimes the music clouds over the lyrics.
B00003CXB2|4.0|One of the things that might characterize this film and the supplemental materials is nobody really understands T.E. Lawrence. This collectors DVD is full of documentaries and newsreels offering almost no insight to the man and all ask the question Who was T.E. Lawrence? He is after all an educated man who had no love for the people to whom he did belong, the upper- class English, and chose to live and command a people for whom he had even less respect and did not belong.  He was in the end a man with his own ideas who had the initiative to prove himself right and an ability to sell his image to the press that made him cut such a heroic figure.<BR>   T.E. Lawrence was a British soldier sent into the desert who takes it upon himself to convince the disjointed and feuding tribes and Arab factions into uniting against the Turks. The task is impossible as the Arabs have never been united. But by leading a group of hard headed tribes on a long brutal trek over the sands of the &quot;Devil's Anvil&quot; he proves to other tribes who have never seen such madness that this man can do the impossible.  He gains many followers and takes over a key city from the Turks on his own.  Now out of uniform and wrapped in Arab garb he returns to the British command who now also believe maybe this man can accomplish anything. His prestige grows among the Arabs and he is built into a hero by the British press. His press and continued successes inflate his own self-image to the degree he also believes he is no mere man. He is a demi-god of sorts and learns to relish his power of life and death over his followers.  What follows in the film seems almost inevitable.   <BR>     It is interesting to watch the story of Lawrence of Arabia as not about Lawrence but as story of modern Arabia.  Arabia has continually rise to the verge of greatness then suddenly crumbles again into power grabbing and devisive factions that undo the possibility of progress for its people. <BR>  Lawrence of Arabia isa big movie.  Bigger than an ordinary TV screen can contain. So the larger the screen you can watch it on the better.  This is the restored version and while it is as good as you will ever see it. It is not an especially good restoration.  Compared to other restorations like My Fair Lady they only did a so-so job. But still this is a nice DVD. The supplemental materials seem abundant but probably not as wonderful as the package indicates. Much of the material is merely promotional shorts about the film's Hollywood success and material on Lawrence himself leaves more questions than answers.  But occasionally you can spot where some of the inspiration for the film's spectacular images were derived.
B00000AFGM|4.0|Manson is now in his 30s when this album is released and it is showing, he has turned down some of the noise, but not all of it. He has also changed his lyrics to go about bigger things than just what he doesn't like and gone about other tactics to gain attention. He has totally turned around his thinking of the lyrics of this album and it shows with the opening track, Great Big White World, where if I did not know any better I would say he's talking about racism. He kills that theory with the Dope Show, his first single off this album, which is a slow churning song, that pokes fun at those who have forgotten about him and those who have been forgotten about in the past. Mechanical Animals is a good filler track before he takes us back to the days of 1994 where he had big rock songs and raging lyrics with Rock is Dead! He gets slow with strumming guitar songs like Disassacociative, the Speed of Pain, Fundamentally Loathsome and the ballad the Last Day On Earth, where in each he relies on his lyrics, vocals and synth. I Don't Like the Drugs has mass appeal, because of its name, but it also offers a unique groove to it that makes it feel like you are either on drugs, or watching an adult movie! Speaking of which everyone's most memorable song on this album seems to be User Friendly with its hook line, I'm not in love, but I'm gonna \\"make love\\" to you `til someone better comes along. Its still a good album, but way softer than Manson fans are used to, plus its not exactly anti-anything.
0451163532|5.0|Most people know Ross Perot as the little guy with big ears who wanted to be President. A Texan of short stature with alot of money. He's all that - and a hell of alot more. Any person who takes the time to read this book will learn what a great and honorable person he is. His loyalty to his EDS employees goes far beyond what any person could have possibly expected. When members of his corporate entity (EDS) are arrested in Iran at the beginning of the Iranian revolution, his first reaction is to ensure that their families in the States are taken care of. His second step is to bring all the pressure he can muster to the State Department to free his men. When he meets roadblocks there -- he hires the best Special Ops guy around and puts together a small group of his employees. Together, along with a wad of cash for bribes, they go into Iran where they break their men out of jail and eventually are able to sneak out of the country. Here is a man who put himself and his money on the line in order to protect his employees. The mechanics of the how are left to the reader. After reading this book, I am quite sure you will have found new respect for the little man from Texas.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is a really good cd, I don't necisarily like rap music, but i love this cd. It really relates to real life and all the songs are good. Some people thinks some of the lyrics are angry, but there is no cussing so i don't see how they can say that! well all i can tell you is to buy this cd!
0192547054|4.0|Northanger Abbey was a very entertaining novel.  The heroine, Catherine Morland, is a very mediocre but charming girl whose only wish in life is to have an exciting Gothic adventure, which of course will end up with herself saving the day.  Like Austen's other work, it is entertainingly ironic, mainly due to the idea that throughout the entire story, Catherine creates the most Gothic of Gothic mysteries out of a situation that is completely normal.  Catherine's innocence and amiability are completely captivating, proving that a good heroine need not be particularly witty or mysterious or in any way alluring.  It is, on the whole, a very light, entertaining novel.<BR>Persuasion is also very entertaining, but it has a more solid conflict.  The heroine, Anne Elliot, is a really wonderful person, which irritatingly is only apparent to the reader and one or two other characters.  Anne faces a dreadful situation when she is confronted by her former fiance, whom she chucked on the mistaken advice of her best friend, but still loves deeply.  Personally, I was really in suspense nearly the entire time as to how it would turn out, because the entrance of Anne's cousin, Mr. Elliot, hints at an attachment with him.  It' s a well-written and of course ironic and well worth reading if you remotely enjoy Austen's style.
B0000025T6|5.0|...then buy this album for Highway Patrolman.  It's an amazing song, period.  It's absolute perfection, and one of the very few songs in the world that can move me to tears.  A song about how blood is thicker than water, the bond between brothers stronger than the bond of an honest man and his job.  It's absolutely heartbreaking and depressing, but so human and so honest.  This is just one black and white postcard of middle America that Springsteen documented in 1982, a series of sad, desperate tales that needed to be told.<br />Please, if you have feelings, buy this album and listen to it.
0192547054|4.0|Northanger Abbey was a very entertaining novel.  The heroine, Catherine Morland, is a very mediocre but charming girl whose only wish in life is to have an exciting Gothic adventure, which of course will end up with herself saving the day.  Like Austen's other work, it is entertainingly ironic, mainly due to the idea that throughout the entire story, Catherine creates the most Gothic of Gothic mysteries out of a situation that is completely normal.  Catherine's innocence and amiability are completely captivating, proving that a good heroine need not be particularly witty or mysterious or in any way alluring.  It is, on the whole, a very light, entertaining novel.<BR>Persuasion is also very entertaining, but it has a more solid conflict.  The heroine, Anne Elliot, is a really wonderful person, which irritatingly is only apparent to the reader and one or two other characters.  Anne faces a dreadful situation when she is confronted by her former fiance, whom she chucked on the mistaken advice of her best friend, but still loves deeply.  Personally, I was really in suspense nearly the entire time as to how it would turn out, because the entrance of Anne's cousin, Mr. Elliot, hints at an attachment with him.  It' s a well-written and of course ironic and well worth reading if you remotely enjoy Austen's style.
B00005AQF7|5.0|This cd is Snoop's first and best album. When I first heard it I was like screaming and shakin' cause of the nice style he gives us. Warren G, Nate Dogg, Kurupt, Daz, and more who appears on the cd is amazing too. The best song is &quot;Ain't No Fun&quot; featuring Warren G, Nate Dogg and Kurupt. If you're into rap, this is a cd that you got to have in your rap-collection. Buy it now!
0446677450|5.0|Kiyosaki's book is excellent.  I recommend everyone to read it, for it has changed the way I think about money and life as a whole.  <br />Very well written and easy to understand.
B00005Q45W|3.0|Back in the eighties , when Leonard Cohen's reputation had fallen into partial eclipse, a Columbia Records executive told him: ''we know you're great, Leonard. We just don't know if you're any good'' The same might be said of this new album. This quote is from today's Globe and Mail (review by Robert Everett-Green).<br />I partially agree with him. Maybe after 9 years of silence from Mr Cohen and after songs like ''Everybody knows'' one's expectations get very high.<br />The lyrics are 9.5 out of 10. The music is 7/10. Previous records instrumentation was more elaborate , had more of a jazzy subtle sound. The music needs some work. <br />''In my secret life'' appeals to me the most because it is reminiscent of some of his previous songs like ''Democracy is coming''.<br />But definitely the songs are full of typical cynical Cohen  renunciation and observation..the types of songs that Leonard Cohen fans like me lap up with delight.
B000021YQV|5.0|It is a rare occurence when I like a band's second album better than their first.  Most bands release a great first album and begin the burn out process.  System of a Down avoided that burn out by taking years off between the release of their first and second album.  The waiting paid off.  This album is superb.  System has transcended the genre of nu metal to create something unique and artistic.  Along with their usual aggressive, pumped up music comes a new side of the band with a much more artistic side.  They mellow out on a few songs, with great success.  Most metal bands write softer music and the result is a boring ballad.  With System, the softer songs are incredible, sounding like a different band than the high energy metal group that pumps out their other songs.  If you want music that is creative and original, buy this album now.
B00005Q45W|3.0|Back in the eighties , when Leonard Cohen's reputation had fallen into partial eclipse, a Columbia Records executive told him: ''we know you're great, Leonard. We just don't know if you're any good'' The same might be said of this new album. This quote is from today's Globe and Mail (review by Robert Everett-Green).<br />I partially agree with him. Maybe after 9 years of silence from Mr Cohen and after songs like ''Everybody knows'' one's expectations get very high.<br />The lyrics are 9.5 out of 10. The music is 7/10. Previous records instrumentation was more elaborate , had more of a jazzy subtle sound. The music needs some work. <br />''In my secret life'' appeals to me the most because it is reminiscent of some of his previous songs like ''Democracy is coming''.<br />But definitely the songs are full of typical cynical Cohen  renunciation and observation..the types of songs that Leonard Cohen fans like me lap up with delight.
B00005A46T|2.0|I am a longtime fan of metal music.  I am not your average mullet-headed metal maniac, I enjoy many styles of music.  I loved the first Slipknot album.  They pushed the boundaries of nu metal and mixed it with a heavy death metal influence.  What pushed the band over the edge was their ingenious and creative use of percussion, mixing, and samples.<BR>   On this album, they seem to have forgotten what it is that made them so unique.  There is little that is innovative on this album.  All of the songs tend to blend together as if they were written in one uninspired session.  Gone are the techniques that set them apart.  Instead, we are met with song after song of unoriginal heavy metal.  <BR>   If you are a metalhead with no taste, you will love this album.  If you are looking for something creative, buy Mudvayne or System of a Down.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I gave this album an honest try. Creed's 1997 debut, My Own Prison, was a fair-to-middling, eathy alt-rock offering reminiscent of early Seven Mary Three. The problem with this album is that it neither refines nor expands any musical alleyways.<br />I have no means of assessing the talent of Mark Tremonti because he has written identical, drop-D tuned, three chord structures for every song. It is not surprising that the same chord progression used in the first single, &quot;Higher,&quot; is repeated throughout the album, albiet with different strengths and distortions--it provides a catchy, slightly upbeat riff that is popular among standard mainstream rock. There is little ambition in any of the instrumentals.<br />Secondly, Scott Stapp's vocals are dull and grating. His voice, while able to deliver a fair amount of power on the most promising track of this album, &quot;What If,&quot; sounds ragged and harsh on more melodic tracks. It is not, in fact, fair to compare Stapp to Eddie Vedder,  because Vedder's true talent lies in his ability to modulate his voice beautifully and to sing ballads with reassuring austerity. Vedder also stoppped belting power balads after 1992; after Ten, Pearl Jam's subsequent releases deviated significantly from the verse-chorus-verse-bridge-chorus-solo formula. Stapp can, at moments sound remarkably like Alice in Chains' Layne Staley as well, but unlike AIC, his band has not yet attempted ambitious vocal harmonies of fifths, nor have they attempted acoustic work that is anything as staggering as Alice's Jar of Flies EP. <br />Finally, the lyrics in this album leave a lot to be desired. Repeating &quot;what if&quot; time and time again is repetetive and tiresome, and many of the other lyrics contain standard devotional observations rather than poetic insight. Stapp, for all his claims to be superior to Pearl Jam in ingenuity and songwriting, seems to owe a lot more to his Seattle predecessors than many would know. &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; and &quot;Faceless Man&quot; are lyrics themselves and furthermore contain lyrics that can be found in Pearl Jam's &quot;Given to Fly&quot; from their 1998 release, Yield. Come to think of it...that hook from &quot;Given...&quot; seems to show up in a lot of the songs on this album...<br />There are so many bands on the radio today that sound exactly like Creed: Seven Mary Three, Nickleback, Lifehouse, the Calling, STP, and even Tantric to a certain extent. All of these bands owe huge debts to Alice in Chains and Pearl Jam, a fact none of them will ever, ever be caught dead admitting. If one is going to so blatantly copy an already exisiting and defined style, it is somewhat irksome to blatantly lie about it as well.<br />Oh, and grunge is dead. It died on April 5, 1994 in Seattle. There was a vigil and everything. Sorry to tell you...
006092988X|4.0|I just completed reading this book for my monthly book review group.  I really wanted to give the book five stars, and the only reason I didn't was because when I first started reading it, I had a hard time staying with it through the first few chapters.  Once I got into the book, I couldn't put it down.  I think perhaps Betty Smith was ahead of her time in her writing.  The book had mistakes, but they were few and far between.  I thought Smith did an excellent job of portraying her characters and I felt a warm connection to each one of them.  When Smith describes how the family lived in poverty and the buying coal for the stove, I remembered my own childhood and the hard times my own family had.  I recommend this book to anyone.  Francie will win your heart, your respect, your sympathy and well...there's not much more to say, I really loved the book.
B0000024K1|5.0|I don't think it is an accident that PE thanks Jello Biafra in the liner notes of this album. There is all the anger and political disillusionment of punk on Nation... with the distinct hip-hop sensibilities of Chuck D. and the Bomb Squad. Now that rap has watered down itself into the new disco of our era, this album shines ever brighter as an example of what rap could've been. As for racism, only Professor Griff(still unsure of what exactly he did in the band besides being dumb)is undoubtedly racist. If this review can convince even one person to buy this instead of a Jay-Z album, then I'll be happy.
B00005IC2H|5.0|FYI, The male singer and female singer you speak of are THE SAME SINGER!  Just thought you might like to know....
B00003CY3W|5.0|Ghost World is certainly not a \\"blockbuster\\" by any means.  It's was a comic book first, and the movie is very different.  I thought that both the book and movie were very good.  But they have their differences, such as some characters were taken out of the movie, and replaced with different ones.<br />Steven Buscemi's character was based on a comic one, but is basically new.  He also directs the movie.<br />The movie is basically about Enid, played to perfection by Thora Birch, but it starts off at high school graduation.  Then Enid and her friend, Rebecca, spend the summer contemplating what they want to do with the rest of their lives.<br />The movie is funny, and a refreshing change from the ... that has come out this year.  It certainly isn't totally uplifting.  It is Thora Birch who really makes this film worthwhile.  She is so great in this.  It's as if this role was made for her.<br />The characters in the movie are all great, and very entertaining.  This is for that day you say to yourself: I'm tired of all that's out there in the movies, and want something different.<br />I promise you won't be disappointed.  Oh, and stick around til the credits stop rolling.  There's a hysterically funny outtake.
B000050XEI|5.0|I have been listening to Enya for quite some time (all the way back to The Celts) and I have to say this is one of my favorites.  I used to hold Watermark as #1 but now I think it has to be a tie.<br />This CD is more that just relaxing music.  Each song is an individual yet, as always with Enya, they flow together in a way that is so right you will never want to listen to this in 'shuffle mode'.  Each song tells a story.  Take the time to not only enjoy the overall sound, but listen to the tale she sings.
0452282152|2.0|As someone who is amazed by Vermeer's work, and who wanted more after seeing his works in the &quot;Delft School&quot; exhibit at the Met, I picked up&quot;Girl&quot; to read on the plane. Although the idea is very unique - fictionalizing the story of a girl in a Vermeer painting - the execution falls short. Chevalier's writing is pretty trite and not very unique. i found myself rolling my eyes far too often at suggestions that this little girl gave The Master ideas on how to paint, such as putting a cloth across a table, etc. If you are annoyed by simplistic portraits and VERY SHORT sentences such as &quot;The day was ending. The sun was almost set.&quot; don't bother with this book. Yes, it will help you pass the time (about 2 hours) but why not be enlightened by great or even very good writing instead?
B00005N9CV|5.0|Well I've read a lot of the reviews before writing this and I must say this is one great friggin CD ! :)<br />Yes- she plays less piano than her other efforts, Yes the Strings are arranged in a way that gives them prominence, Yes the tempos are all in a similar range........but......<br />this is music of the sublime - It's like Tantric Sex! the string arrangements by Claus Ogerman are worth the cost of the disc, add Diana's controlled phrasing and vocal style and you have a possible masterwork by a still developing artist. Impeccable music by impeccable musicians....and arranger.<br />I truly disagree with those who say Diana has left her roots behind. I also disagree with those who say her label (now Verve) forced her into this (read her interviews). I adamantly disagree with those who say this is an effort to bend to commercial interests! (who in their right mind would create a CD with ballads and strings in the year 2001 and expect it to sell - after all this is the Brittany and N'Sync era is it not?? )<br />I think Diana is simply showing us another side of her \\"roots\\" with the help of many amazingly talented musicians. I look forward already to her next recording and hope there's some more controversial music to listen to:)<br />put this on the best stereo you can find - you will NOT be disappointed...
B000002IST|4.0|If '70s Genesis was in the morning of growing creativity and musical skill, and '80s Genesis was in the bright, sunny afternoon of the pinnacle of their talent and their profession, then '90s Genesis is the dreary winter's evening of slowing tempos and declining powers.  It's hard not to listen to the lyrics of &quot;Fading Lights&quot; and feel that, at the time, Genesis intended WCD to be their last album.  The song sounds like their goodbye to the fans and to each other.  Don't get me wrong here, there are some VERY good songs on this album, particularly the satiric &quot;Jesus He Knows Me&quot;, the epic prog song &quot;Driving the Last Spike&quot;, and the aforementioned &quot;Fading Lights&quot;.  But, the overall sound of this album is that of a band who, after 25 years of recording great music together, had finally decided to call it a day.  That's no small achievement, really - how many bands last that long, especially as a continuous entity?  Not many.  <br />Looking at it in that light, the album works very well indeed.  Despite some poppy moments, especially on &quot;Jesus He Knows Me&quot;, the album is very slow, quiet, and subdued, especially when compared to the predecessor, Invisible Touch.  Phil's voice is very melancholy and wistful throughout the album.  Tony Banks' keyboards excel here, as they always had before, especially on &quot;Driving the Last Spike&quot;, &quot;Fading Lights&quot;, and &quot;Living Forever&quot;.  Mike Rutherford, as usual, provides a solid foundation on guitar, but doesn't really stand out anywhere.  Genesis after Steve Hackett's departure was very much a keyboard-driven band.<br />I always think of this album as Genesis' farewell gift to their fans.  It would have been appropriate, if sad, after the truly stratospheric calibre of music they had put out for 25 years.  I only wish it had, in fact, been their last album, but Tony and Mike tried to soldier on without Phil, with disastrous results.
B00005N919|3.0|I live in Austria and I bought this DVD, because I thought this DVD Version has more scenes. I was very surprised, as I recognized this is not an unrated version. On TV I saw longer sex scenes. The first sex-scene between Michael Douglas and Jeanne Tripplehorn is to much cuted. Also the scenes with Sharon Stone were on the Austrian TV longer. ...
0385484518|5.0|The soul of the story was between a professor and a student as they rendezvous every Tuesday to search the depths of reality.  It seems like a common situation when one remembers and looks to their mentor, their friend, and their inspiration in life.  To Mitch, Morrie was his guide, even years after college.  It's difficult to forget anyone who has inspired them in their journey of life.  There is such a bond that many can relate to that Morrie and Mitch has.<br />Morrie, as the professor, faces his death with profound thoughts.  He sees his life, not as a defeat, but a realization to how one should perceive life to be.  He expresses many times throughout the book that &quot;Once you learn how to die, you learn how to live.&quot;  Mitch constantly observes the way Morrie thinks, and Morrie points things out in a straightforward manner.  Mitch, on the other hand, has a more difficult time accepting the facts of life.<br />It is often for people to put problems and fears behind them, instead of facing them and evaluating it.  I believe Morrie has many words of wisdom that many people can take away from.  I took away the facts of how each person needs to value life and death.  It becomes a waste of time to drown life in worries and fears.  The expression of &quot;Living life to the fullest&quot; is what I saw Morrie doing. <br />I see many people relate to Mitch.  Mitch was lucky to have a second opportunity in life to gain back the relationship with someone that affected him and fell away from.  I believe Mitch articulated very well about keeping those who are dear to us in close contact at all times and not just someone of the past.<br />I believe this book has drawn a fond line of love and compassion that Mitch and Morrie expressed among one another, even though death was an obstacle to face.  I recommend Tuesdays With Morrie as remarkable in the ways that Mitch speaks of his relationship with his professor throughout the years of his life.  Many of the words Morriespoke of had a divine meaning to.  it is a dream to many to have someone to look up to and to be able to go to for accountability and a true friendship.
6305807930|4.0|A combination of alchemy, witchcraft, architecture and horror, director Dario Argento's Inferno is a pulsing thriller filled<br />with murder, supernatural mayhem and atmosphere so thick you could slash through it with a knife. The peculiar proceedings are set into motion in both New York and Rome when two young women, Sara (Eleonora Giorgi) and Rose (Irene Miracle), find a book called The Three Mothers, a tome of alchemy written by an architect named Varelli. According to the book, Varelli built a trio of resting places for the Three Mothers, an evil trio whose identities remain at the core of the film's mystery. If you listen closely, you can hear the identity of the first mother, who's domain was visited in the previous Argento film SUSPIRIA. Rose's brother and Sara's boyfriend is Mark (Leigh McCloskey--remember him from Dallas and Just One of the Guys?), a music student in Rome who jets to New York after Sara is murdered and Rose disappears. He follows up Rose's research on The Three Mothers and, with the help of his sister's neighbor Elise (Daria Nicolodi, Argento's girlfriend), comes to the realization that the building they are in is one of Varelli's. Along the way, Mark encounters a variety of quirky characters including Elise's butler (Leopoldo Mastelloni), the building's maid (Alida Valli), a cat-hating book-seller named Kazanian (Sacha Pitoeff), the infirm Professor Arnold (Feodor Chaliapin) and his nurse (Veronica Lazar). After a series of murders and a revelation that the butler and the maid have been plotting to steal Elise's jewels, Mark discovers a secret series of passages within the building. They lead him to its core where he finds the wheelchair-bound Professor Arnold--who explains that he is really the architect Varelli. After a violent struggle, the dying old man confesses to Mark that he is merely a servant to the Mothers. The building begins to burn out of control, but before Mark can escape, he discovers the shocking identity of the Three Mothers.<br />This is considered to be the sequel to Suspiria, although it's never really quite clearly stated as such.....one of the problems with this film is it's lack of explanations for some of the murders (and several other situations...)....I guess you are supposed to think that everyone is under the control of the Three Mothers? As usual, Argento's style reigns over substance. The color, the camera angles, the overall pace and storytelling, the viscousness of the murders. The mythos of the Three Mothers is very interesting..I think it could have been explored more. The third Mother, a beautiful brunette stroking a cat and whispering spells, appears as Mark read's his sister's letter in Rome...could she be the subject of the last of the proposed trilogy? Hopefully someday.There are some great effects in the film too....particularly at the end when the identity of the third mother is revealed. Extras on the DVD include the usual trailers and an interview with Argento. The booklet has an interview with Leigh McCloskey.<br />All in all, I really liked this film, but I couldn't really recommend it for everyone......you need to be a fan of Argento's style and have a certain amount of patience and acceptance to enjoy it fully!hers. <br />This is considered to be the sequel to Suspiria, although it's never really quite clearly stated as such.....one of the problems with this film is it's lack of explanations for some of the murders (and several other situations...)....I guess you are supposed to think that everyone is under the control of the Three Mothers? As usual, Argento's style reigns over substance. The color, the camera angles, the overall pace and storytelling, the viscousness of the murders. The mythos of the Three Mothers is very interesting..I think it could have been explored more. The third Mother, a beautiful brunette stroking a cat and whispering spells, appears as Mark read's his sister's letter in Rome...could she be the subject of the last of the proposed trilogy? Hopefully someday.There are some great effects in the film too....particularly at the end when the identity of the third mother is revealed. Extras on the DVD include the usual trailers and an interview with Argento. The booklet has an interview with Leigh McCloskey. <br />All in all, I really liked this film, but I couldn't really recommend it for everyone......you need to be a fan of Argento's style and have a certain amount of patience and acceptance to enjoy it fully!
B000051VWW|5.0|Everytime I put this CD on, she makes me melt.
0823003035|4.0|I am a college student enrolled in a figure drawing class. My instructor told me to get any figure drawing book, so I got this one. The author does amazing work with his tone and shading, but I did not find it useful for the basic fundamentals to figure drawing. This is a book for people with figure drawing background who want to improve their style.
0743216458|5.0|I've read hundreds of WWII first-person accounts and this book stands head and shoulders above them all. You've never read a word about WWII until you've read this book.
B000002IZ4|5.0|Stone Temple Pilots' &quot;Purple&quot; is a great album. After hearing songs like &quot;Interstate Love Song&quot; and &quot;big Empty&quot; on the radio, I had to buy the album. I was happy to hear that not only those songs, but almost every other song on the album is good. If you like the sound of pop/grunge, you should purchase this album as soon as possible.
B000021YQV|4.0|After owning SOAD album for the last year-two, I was excited about this new relaese, I did not really know what to expect, and I have to say I was pleasently surprised. With a one or two minor letdowns. <BR>Toxicity has the regular SOAD sound, meaning: heavy, energetic, twisting and turning, lots of influences can be heard (jazz, oriental, trash..). And as on SOAD album they have some very beautiful moments on this album, showing their skills in playing instruments. Often a good band is recognized by having unique, and capable lead singer, that has great voice, and voice range (SOAD is no exception), a guitar player that can amaze you with some unbelivable tones (again, you find one here). Than add a really good drummer, and heavy-duty bass player and you have great band (read:SOAD). <BR>Lyrics are sometimes too political for my likings, but if you look throughout the album, there are some other songs that compensate for that (if you are an Euro and not into all this USA political scene).<BR>Songs on this album are sort of mixed (I haven't heard any single before buying this album), some have good lyrics, others great music, but major number of songs have both. Almost every song is good in its way, but some jump out more than others: Needles, Chop Suey, Forest, atwa, Science, Psycho...<BR>What bugs me a lot (even so that I considered rating this album 3), is that some songs have incredibly annoying singing of stupid lyrics. One that pops into mind is Bounce, which is ranting (sexuall, might I add), but it has good music, so you get unable to skip it. Another example, is one of my favorites: Psycho; again stupid ranting about cocaine, groupies and alike, BUT it has (around 2.00mins into it) a beautiful solo on guitar. That solo is not techincal, fast and hard to play (like Dream Theater tend to do them), but is simple yet so divine (reminds me of solo from Junkhead by AiC), because it drags you with it, moves you. But instead of beeing great song, it makes it mediocre and it has to suffer from lyrical contest. <BR>So, if you do not have SOAD album (which is trully amazing), and you wonder should you pick this one, I say you do just about that. Take a day off, relax and plunge into world of trash-jazz-oriental music. No one will even notice. No one but you.
B00005O3VC|1.0|Whats with film distbutors slapping on &quot;Special Edtion&quot; on DVDs nowadays when there is nothing really special about it?  Not to say Holy Grail is still a KICK A**, truely special film, just this &quot;edtion&quot; has &quot;special&quot; slapped on the cover, with no visible content.  Some commentary lifted from the LD would be conciderd genuinly special.  Maybe even some outtakes or deleted scenes!  If you already own this DVD, don't be suckered in by this so-called &quot;Special Edition&quot;.  If you don't have it GET IT IMMEADTALY!
B000021YQV|4.0|After owning SOAD album for the last year-two, I was excited about this new relaese, I did not really know what to expect, and I have to say I was pleasently surprised. With a one or two minor letdowns. <BR>Toxicity has the regular SOAD sound, meaning: heavy, energetic, twisting and turning, lots of influences can be heard (jazz, oriental...). And as on SOAD album they have some very beautiful moments on this album, showing their skills in playing instruments. Often a good band is recognized by having unique, and capable lead singer, that has great voice, and voice range (SOAD is no exception), a guitar player that can amaze you with some unbelivable tones (again, you find one here). Than add a really good drummer, and heavy-duty bass player and you have great band (read:SOAD). <BR>Lyrics are sometimes too political for my likings, but if you look throughout the album, there are some other songs that compensate for that (if you are an Euro and not into all this USA political scene).<BR>Songs on this album are sort of mixed (I haven't heard any single before buying this album), some have good lyrics, others great music, but major number of songs have both. Almost every song is good in its way, but some jump out more than others: Needles, Chop Suey, Forest, atwa, Science, Psycho...<BR>What bugs me a lot (even so that I considered rating this album 3), is that some songs have incredibly annoying singing of stupid lyrics. One that pops into mind is Bounce, which is ranting (sexuall, might I add), but it has good music, so you get unable to skip it. Another example, is one of my favorites: Psycho; again stupid ranting about cocaine, groupies and alike, BUT it has (around 2.00mins into it) a beautiful solo on guitar. That solo is not techincal, fast and hard to play (like Dream Theater tend to do them), but is simple yet so divine (reminds me of solo from Junkhead by AiC), because it drags you with it, moves you. But instead of beeing great song, it makes it mediocre andit has to suffer from lyrical contest. <BR>So, if you do not have SOAD album (which is trully amazing), and you wonder should you pick this one, I say ...jazz-oriental music. No one will even notice. No one but you.
B00000JR29|5.0|THis is a great 80s album that should be in everyones collection. The Working Hour makes this album worth buying. And you can also get some bonus tracks that show an even greater perspective of their talent. Go out and buy this CD.
B00005QB9A|4.0|This movie starring Tim Roth is one I just happened across one evening. I paused to see Tim Roth playing the piano. This story is a fantastic look into a mans life. Who has never left the ship he was born aboard. He doesn't feel like he has missed out on anything. If you like a wonderful old story set in the era where large ships were used for trave then this is the movie for you.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|When &quot;Time Out Of Mind&quot; was released, I felt lucky to be personally touched by a new Dylan release of original tunes (I'm 30).  I missed the boat on &quot;Hwy. 61&quot;, &quot;Blonde On Blonde&quot;, etc.  And I was only five when &quot;Blood On The Tracks&quot; came out.  I figured there was no way to top &quot;Standing In The Doorway&quot; or &quot;Can't Wait&quot;.  Deep, dark, deathly, and disturbing, but still Dylan.  But &quot;Love and Theft&quot; is classic Dylan.  It's tough, bluesy, melodic, and right on the money.  It certainly puts a wicked grin on my face, when I hear him singing lines like:<BR>&quot;...by the way, what happened to that poison wine/ she said, &quot;I gave it to you, you drank it&quot;, &quot;don't reach out for me, she said/ can't you see I'm drowning too&quot;, or &quot;why don't you break my heart one more time just for good luck.&quot;  I really do believe it's as good as Hwy. 61, Blood on the Tracks, or Blonde on Blonde.  But it's different, not just a copy of those albums, which is what some people are looking for.<BR>    And as far as his voice, let me say this.  That if you were the voice of a generation, your voice would be shot too!
B00005OAIE|5.0|Wow, this CD is phenomenal. I've been following Mayer for over a year and he is awesome. I do dare say that I enjoy some of his live songs better than the album version, but on the other hand, that is not always the case. John has to be one of the greatest guitarists I've heard as well as song writers. If the mellower but sometimes up-beat folk rock strikes you, I do recommend you check this album out. What does &quot;Room For Squares&quot; mean anyway?
B00004RJ71|2.0|OH boy this movie is about mexican gangs in L.A. the movie is really a bad habit for every one,because it  has a lot of violence and bad language etc.well it has lots of ACTION thats the best part but the director of this film could hire better ACTORS OF HOLLYWOOD LIKE JOHN LUGUZANO FROM EXECUTIVE DECISION,ANTONIO BANDERAS FROM DESPERADO,CARLOS GALLARDO FROM EL MARIACHI,EDWARD JAMES OLMOS ,JIMMI SMITH,ISAEL MORALES FROM MY FAMILY AS MI FAMILIA.IF AT LEAST ONE OF THESE ACTORS CAME OUT ON BOUND BY HONER THAT WOULD MAKE ONE OF MY FAVS OF MY DVD COLLECTION.but oh well,RENT IT FIRST...
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is a wonderful book, not only for the adults for whom it was written, but for children as well. I read the book to a first-grader, who listened, engrossed, from beginning to end, wanting to read it again as soon as we'd finished. Ostensibly a story about rabbits, it is truly a depiction of the attachments and strengths which enable people to work togehter through anything life brings. <BR>   The use of rabbit legend to develop the story and characters gives Watership Down a mythical quality. It's a beauty!
0140186409|2.0|Now unlike many of the other readers for Grapes of Wrath, I disliked most of the book. Yes it does tell the story of the migrant workers in California. And yes John Stienbeck is descriptive. In my opinion the way his writing is completely bored me. I had to literally force myself to read this book it was so boring. It was far sure way to long and also a very slow reading book. This book bored me so much that I would fall asleep when reading it. Every now and then there was a good chapter but mostly pretty boring of a book. His writing is not nearly as interesting as other authors. Stienbeck is considered a great author, but not really to me. Save yourself some pain and do not read this book unless you have to!
B00005JKOH|4.0|This is one of my favorite 80's movies. The best scene is when Duckie is laying on his bed listening to The Smiths. (and if you watch in the record store you see a Smiths record too!)But enough of that.It's a good,fun movie with good music (New Order) in it and cool clothes.
0804106304|3.0|No matter how different it could be bringing up a child, the difficulty in doing that in foreign countries, with different traditions, the blood between family members is stronger than it all, and will always come on top no matter what.<br />Amy Tan uses the chinese culture to perfection in demonstrating the diversity between mothers and daughters. The difference in generations, and the stubbornness and beliefs of each one.<br />A recommended book to read, it is easier to understand it if you are familiar with the chinese culture, but gives an excellent example to what mistakes we could fall into, and how it is so essential to learn from our experiences.<br />The story could get slow for a while but if you are used to Amy Tan's style you would know that it will get better.
B000003TAB|4.0|Oh yeah, b-sides sure, uh-huh, knockoff throwaway CD don't<br />need to get it?<br />Think again.  You dig Nirvana, you dig this CD, period.
B00005LQ04|5.0|one of the films that stays with you forever, a childhood favorite.  i remember seeing this film when it first came out, still gives me the creeps to this day.  this aside from the exorcist, could quite possibly be the most beautifully photographed horror film, ever.  from beginning to end argento's relentless story telling keeps your senses glued to the screen. jessica harper's wide eyed performance is one that has to be seen to believe!   the music by goblin is priceless, i highly recommend that you buy the 3 disc version.  everything you ever wanted to know about the filming of suspiria is here, sans commentary. the new documentary is a definate plus as well as the awesome soundtrack. the sound will fill the room like no other film can, so cough up the extra cash, it's worth it.  there are not too many films out there that can compare to the nightmarish beauty that unfolds in suspiria.
1556154844|5.0|A lot has been made of the Microsoft Press series on<br />software development, but the intimations that this information<br />is somehow mere common sense should be directly refuted.<br />Yes, after reading Code Complete I thought, &quot;I already do<br />this at work.  Duh.&quot;  Then it occurred to me that I was<br />surrounded by really smart, highly-evolved programmers and<br />that the things I did were a result of a solid peer group of<br />professionals, some with 20 years of IT experience.  So the<br />distillation of what I know (and what I learned) is in this<br />book specifically, and the Microsoft Press books in general.<br />None of that explains why Windows operating systems continue<br />to perform dopey things, but I know it isn't because the<br />programmers are ill-trained.
B00005AR3G|5.0|Like Alladin this Disney video captivates both young and old!  The jokes are obviously geared at the adults, but the animation and story are clearly for the young at heart!  My two year old loves it, and laughs at the antics of the lama!
B00005N9CV|4.0|I am not rational about Ms. Krall.  I guess I would enjoy an allbum of her singing songs from Sesame Street, maybe even old TV commercial jingles, but as best as I can tell from my idolatrous haze this is a particularly good album.  The songs are very good choices for her voice and her style.  The execution soft and flawless.
0784010188|5.0|Can you handle over 6 hours of &quot;Terminator 2&quot;?  That's what you get with this double DVD collection packed in a metallic case.  The original film is here as well as another uncut version with a few more gory scenes.  There is the &quot;Making of T2&quot; featurette, the &quot;More Than Meets The Eye&quot; featurette, the &quot;Making of T2 3-D&quot;, cast and crew info, Teasers, several trailers, an ENTIRE screenplay and over 700 storyboards!  Wait!  That's not all!  You can watch the film, read the script and see the storyboards all at once!  There is a heck of a lot more, but I'm exhausted just thinking about reading the cover.  I still have 4 hours more to go.  Warning:  Only for the hardiest of fans!
B00003CXDD|5.0|This movie has got to be the best movie of all time.  skeletons and stuff and midgets and badguys and magic.  it has everything!!  I totally forgot about this film and one day the theme song was stuck in my head for some reason and I couldn't figure out where it was from.  then I was like oh man!! WILLOW!!<BR>that movie ROCKS.  I'm sure all of you have had the same thing. but anyway,  this movie has got to be one of the most classic films of the 80s early ninties.  wow bro!
0446677450|5.0|I have read Rich Dad Poor Dad twice then I got the audio version so I could go over it as many times as I want. Great motivation. I would like to purchase the game&quot;cash flow&quot;. Anyone know where to find it?
B00004YA12|5.0|The DVD-release of \\"Triumph of the Will\\" can only be applauded! It helps show that History inevitably makes the world the exact opposite of that planned by any terrorist dictatorship! For example, \\"The Triumph of the Will\\" certainly glorifies Hitler; yet, today, it has no value for nazi-advocates; quite the opposite! It only offers people the KNOWLEDGE that as soon as any nation, religion, ideology, or race is manipulated into a weapon of terror by a dictator, the dictator has started to lose power! The dictator's power dies because the parasite-dictator's propagandists become blind to the limitations inherent in concepts such as color, religion, nation or brotherhood, i.e., the dictator has made enemies of all people who have a different color, religion, nation or brotherhood! The result: the dictator is in the loser position of having to take on the rest of the world community. Bye-bye Dictator!<br />To anyone who believes there is anything to gain through terror, please, watch \\"Triumph of the Will\\". Watch Hitler glorified (by himself! He commissioned the movie! The usual sick madness of egocentricity!); then, try and find one real gain of his in time or world ... there is nothing! History reversed all Hitler's plans! Try to find one monument of public respect for him ... there is none; not even an epitaph upon a gravestone! Leni Riefenstahl's masterpiece but mocks the Feuhrer and shows him as a liar, dreamer, and inculcater of children, despite being a master of rhetorical manipulation (in his short time).<br />So, History has used \\"Triumph of the Will\\" to kind-heartedly remind that victory ALWAYS goes to those who value individual freedom and shared peace not only for self but for everyone... regardless of the others' nation, religion, ideology, or race. Nazi-ism was once propagated as an inevitable and holy-ordained world power; briefly, it had power (through violence), but now it is but an ideology that triggers questions of its advocates' sanity! The same will happen to all other religious or political dictatorships in the free world! \\"Triumph of the Will\\" helps remind what the world once fought for: to enjoy personal freedom! That is the great gift offered by the divine truth that is made manifest in History ... that is the one truly divine gift to mankind ...ALWAYS! &quot;Triumph of the Will&quot; has nothing at all to do with Hitler's will ... quite the opposite! A great film!
B00003W8NM|5.0|You are not what you own.<br />You are not a beautiful and unique snowflake. <br />You ARE someone looking for something to buy, though.. and if there is anything worthwhile hidden in this god-forsaken wasteland called internet commerce that just MIGHT wake you from your delerious slumber, this movie could be it.<br />The first rule of Fight Club is you do not talk about Fight Club as if it had anything relevant to say about today's bubble economy and the growing fever for a return to the military-industrial boom times.  <br />The second rule of Fight Club is you do NOT TALK about anything that might upset the status quo.  <br />The third rule of Fight Club is you should watch this movie and honestly Think.  Then watch it again.  It will twist within you, ideas may writhe and cause you a measure of discomfort.  <br />The fourth rule of Fight Club is.. one idea at a time, people.  Don't overwhelm yourselves.<br />Fincher has done an amazing job with this film.  Anyone who could watch the performaces of Pitt and Norton and Not feel a sense of amazement is clearly brain dead.  The editing, sound, music, and script are also clearly superior.  <br />The fifth rule of Fight Club is... only 1000 words per review.  <br />Watch it.  <br />Learn it.<br />Live it.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|The songs of experience that constitute Dylan's new album will stand proudly next to his greatest achievements: Blonde on Blonde, Street Legal, Time Out of Mind.<BR>If my house were on fire, I'd throw my limited edition copy of &quot;Love &amp; Theft&quot; out the window and let myself burn.
630469878X|5.0|What can you say about a double Oscar nominated cast of Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis? Maybe it's been a while since you've seen it, but this is a powerful film, all the more so with this DVD collection giving a commentary from Ridley Scott (Aliens II), letterbox viewing, 5.1 Dolby, original theatrical trailer and a great booklet. Note that this film helped to put Harvey Keitel on the map as well as Brad Pitt. One big reason to see this DVD is to witness the alternate ending. Yup, the alternate ending. Ridley Scott comments on why he chose the former and you'll understand why. Easily watchable over and over again.
B00005Q45W|4.0|Ten New Songs completes an album trilogy of croaky minimalistic ballads from Montreal's sombre balladeer.  Like I'm Your Man and The Future, the rhythm and string sections are courtesy of Casio.  The accompanying female vocals are lush, and featured more prominiently than ever.  On the surface, the songs are as gloomy as might be expected, but upon further listening, they reveal a subtle contentedness.
0446677450|2.0|My eyes really opened when I read the first few chapters of the book. Wow... I thought, I never knew it is so easy to become a millionaire. <br />Half thru the book an uneasiness began to creep into my heart. I started to notice that he is being conflicted with himself a lot of places throughout the book. Especially because he has earned many millions not long after he graduated (a porsche after the 8th years he worked at Xerox) but then not longer after that he was homeless (1985). I couldn't imagine what I will become in 20 years if I follow his advices wholeheartedly. <br />Nonetheless, this book does make some valid points, like live below your means (not always consistent in the book), start investing earlier and pay more attention to your finances and the opportunities around you. But I agree that all these things can be said in 20 pages without all the boasting. I am starting to believe that he become a millionaire only after this &quot;get rich quick&quot; book is published.
B00003CY0V|1.0|If you like comically bad 'plots' lots of explosions and mindless violence you will like this film.<br />If you have any taste at all you will hate it - i expect most people to disagree with me but this was perhaps the worst film I have ever seen - how could so much money and talent be so wasted?<br />Oh and the famous Halle Berry nude scene was a letdown as well.<br />Avoid.
B00005OAJ1|4.0|This album is so long overdue, and showcases the chops that make the combination of JB and KG not only a whole much greater than the sum of its parts, but the Greatest Band In The World.  All of the classics are here from the HBO series, plus plenty of other excellent tracks.  The in-between song banter is hilarious, too.  Even if you don't appreciate the comedy, and/or aren't yet familiar with the D's brand of profane majesty, the album will rock your socks off nevertheless.<br />The only reason I left off one star was because the electric versions, though rump-kicking, make it hard to appreciate the lyrical genius that is JB and KG.  Some of the words are obscured by guitars, and a song like &quot;Lee&quot; is in a sort of punk overdrive that almost made me miss the profound message contained therein.  Maybe a future &quot;Unplugged&quot; album will feature versions closer to those from the series, i.e., slower, &quot;funky grooves to 'funk' to.&quot;
0553208845|5.0|Going into my Sophomore year in college, I was still trying to &quot;find myself&quot;. This book was a tremendous influence in helping me to realize who I truly am and what I stand for. There are some beautiful passages that inspired me to take control of my own life and not give into the pressures found in every day college life. This is a must read for anyone who is unsure of their place in this world or who is looking for a deeper meaning to life
B00005Q4GA|5.0|This movie had the ultimate female character. Strong, sexy, and very rich, she had the cool toys and an awesome outfit to go with everyone. This movie was very entertaining and I never got bored with it. I think everyone who has an imagination will enjoy this movie.
B00005JKGO|5.0|I think La Dolce Vita might be the best film I've ever seen, and I have been waiting for the DVD for years. Please hurry whoever you have to, to release it as soon as possible. Of course this is not a review, you don't need to review perfect films, you just watch and enjoy. I will be expecting the release date, so I can prepare the watching party, here in lovely Queretaro, Mexico. By the way, soon I will be selling a very used copy of La Dolce Vita in a Beta tape, is anyone interested?
0553573403|5.0|This was a book I borrowed from my boyfriends large collection of fantasy novels.  I was worried that it would have a male dominated theme, but boy was I wrong...this book is excellent!  His writting style is wonderful and his characters are very real.  I would never hesitate to recommend this book to anyone.  There are wonderful (and tragic) twists to the plot and all the characters are nearly equally good and evil, and that makes it so believable.  The story is so gripping that I have trouble putting it down to eat.  The only bad thing about this book is that book 3 is STILL only in hardcover and I heard 2004 for book 4...I don't know if I can wait.
B00003CXP1|5.0|I recently wrote a review for &quot;Blow&quot; comparing it to &quot;Traffic&quot; (which I thought was overhyped and overrated).  It's easy for me to lump all these movies together because of they all share the same theme: drugs.  Let me be blunt, comparing those other two movies (even Blow which I enjoyed) to Requiem is like comparing &quot;Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure&quot; to &quot;Citizen Kane&quot;.  No contest.  <br />If you're already on edge worrying about current events and world conditions STAY AWAY FROM THIS FLICK.  It might be enough to drive you right over the edge.  It's like an anxiety attack in a bottle.  It's so real and so intense that for me, I had to keep reminding myself it was just a movie, which is something I rarely have to do.  If you've ever had a family member who's battled a drug habit, or had a drug habit yourself, this flick will stand your hairs on end.  All the mania and euphoria of drugs is shrouded by a sense of loss and disappointment that almost always comes to those who clean up, or lose their personal battles.<br />No doubt it's director Darren Aronofsky's deranged camera angles and constant bombardment of imagery that contribute most to the film's power and intensity.  It has all the subtlety of a gamg of thugs armed with chains and clubs beating you senseless without ever allowing you a moment to catch your breath.  Even the quiet moments are filled with so much heartbreaking tragedy that the viewer is allowed no reprieve.<br />Incredible performances all four main players.  Ellen Burstyn deserves every kind of award that an actress can get, but it was Marlon Wayans performance that kept me in awe because it was just so unexpected.  Wayans shows that he has the talent and the skill to be a true heavy weight.  The interaction between Jared Leto and the always underrated Jennifer Connelly was what I found most disturbing about the flick.  Watching their relationship disintegrate is just too convincing and genuine at times.<br />So to sum up... I'm not sure how to sum this movie up.  It's not for the faint of heart.  It is for anyone who's sick of the mediocre b.s. that hollywood has been pumping down our throats.  A movie like this comes out every once and awhile and makes you remember why you watch movies.  They aren't just for escape or entertainment, sometimes they CAN transcend into something important and powerful.  Requiem is that kind of movie.
0140430350|4.0|Becky Sharp is one of literature's first social climbers, a woman who slept her way to the top!  I came across the following review of Vanity Fair on The Atlantic Monthly's website - the review dates back to May 1865.  Read and enjoy!<br />[...]
B00000J7JO|5.0|I absolutely love this album, I simply can't get enough of it, the songs are amazing, from the kickoff song &quot;Around the World&quot; to the Title track &quot;Californication&quot;, the Red Hot Chili Peppers prove that they are the masters of funk with this album, they can still rock harder than any other band out there and thier musical talent is excelent. Chad Smith is one of the finest drummers around, he is simply fantastic, John Frusciante is a phenomenal guitarist, he can do riffs on his guitar that would make Jimi Hendrix proud. No other bassist can come close to Flea, the man is simply in a class of his own, I have never heard a bassist who can play like this he can pull of some impressive riffs as well as give a deep surge of bass at the same time you can ride Flea's bass, simply phenomenal. Anthony Kiedis is a great vocalist, he can do rap such as &quot;Give it Away&quot;, and he can do slow, melodic songs like &quot;Scar Tissue&quot;. These guys really topped themselves with this album, I thought that &quot;Blood Sugar Sex Magik&quot; was their best album, but This one is even better. The lyrics to their songs are poetry, especially in &quot;Otherside&quot;, which I consider to be the finest song of this album and the peppers best, not to mention one of my all time favorites. I eagerly anticipate thier new album which should be coming early next year, let's hope it is as good as this.
0780627032|5.0|I loved Freddy Kruger and now on a collection.HUMPH! Jason couldent do that
B00003CXZ4|5.0|I've been very fortunate in the last couple of weeks to have seen two incredible movies.  One was &quot;Requiem for a Dream&quot; which is enough to drive a person right over the edge with sheer intensity, the other is Memento.  I've been bombarded by cheap, half-a$$ed, smarmy flicks for so long that I'd forgotten how good movies could be.  <br />I've talked to people who've expressed frustration over how difficult this movie is to follow, but to me, that's what makes it so great.  This movie isn't a mere distraction or white-noise on your TV, this movie requires participation.  It commands your attention and it makes you THINK.  Thinking is something we've all been doing a lot of lately, but for too long many of us have been content to allow our brains to slip into auto-pilot and cruise along unchallanged.  <br />So next time you go to the video store, put down that lame Adam Sandler movie you've already seen half a dozen times and rent this one instead.  Do your brain a favor and treat it to one of the most original and thought provoking movies of the last decade or so.  Your brain will thank you.
0385501560|2.0|The jacket lured me in but I can't say the author delivered the goods.  Incredibly depressing, gross and bizarre characters and behavior doesn't make for an interesting read.  His style can be entertaining but repetition of certain motifs really wears thin even in 256 pages.  His attention to detail led to some interesting characterizations but just too weird to really be enjoyable.  Think of a young John Irving trying a little to hard to be cute.
B00003CXAA|2.0|First of all I am a HUGE Godfather fan and I know almost everything there is to know about the first two films. When I heard Godfather was to be released to DVD over a year ago but was going to be delayed due to the fact the studio and (Coppola?) were going to give it the red carpet treatment, I was happy that finally, every scrap of footage that was ever cut was going to be replaced! From The Saga, (the tv version with the most added footage) to the Complete Epic which has scenes that neither the regular version or the Saga have. Plus I was hoping for even more footage. Warning people! The 3 films are all as you would have seen them at the movies! Although awesome DVD picture quality and sound, never the less this is NOT the To-End-All Godfather DVD I had waited and waited for:( All of the &quot;extra footage&quot; is on the 5th supplemental disc not cut in with the rest of the film as I had hoped for. And what makes it even worse, is that, the makers of this DVD didn't even put ALL of the extra scenes in, I know of 4 more scenes they didn't add to this disc. What a disappointment for a true die hard fan. Maybe one day they will put together a version to end all versions, until then I still Have my own version I painstakenly cut together from 3 different versions over the course of 2 weeks, although the quailty and sound are not the greatest, I feel I do have the most complete version.
B00003CXAA|5.0|The reason Part II was put on two discs is this:  at 200 minutes, one disc wouldn't hold both the movie (assuming good picture quality and sound) and Coppola's commentary.
0767803434|4.0|That line itself is the most classic line of all from this smash hit! Harrison Ford plays the president who after making it clear to the world he will never negotiate with terrorists falls victim to a terrorists hijack of Air Force One! The president is pressed to the ultimate limit when his wife and daughter are held hostage by a Russian goon (Played so deliciously by Gary Oldman)! With the fates of the world & his family both hanging in balance, it up to the president to kick some ... Although the dialog & action is 100% macho, some of the CGI effects for Air Force One leave much to be desired. When you see the end of the movie, you'll know what I mean! Still it has heart and attitude which makes it out to be a true action classic!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Not only because it is just my ind of movie. The entire production is top quality. From casting to cinemetography, to the soundtrack even. Excellent movie for anyone... ecspecially those who see beyond the corporate ways.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I didn't think they could make something worse than their last release...Limp Bizkit managed to do it...Whiny Fred takes the cake on this one with his wanna be rap star attempts..the lyrics are just plain foolish...&quot; rollin' rollin', my way or the highway', and my personal favorite you get knocked the f$#k out&quot;<BR>i can see all the high school kids now wearing their puffy jackets and their red NY Yankees hats driving around the suburbs in their parents car blasting the song &quot;Rolling&quot;..
B00005OWEG|5.0|I have always been a huge fan of the original Apocolypse Now. It seemed to strive to give us a feel for the Vietnam War instead of a historical accounting, a very effective approach. I went to see the Redux version with mixed feelings - how could it get any better?<br />I quickly learned that the new scenes were incredible and the film did indeed improve. The most notable change for me was the insanity of every scene. The bird in the helicopter, Kilgore desperately searching for his surfboard, the recitation of a Time magazine article... all of these scenes and the others that were added serve to accentuate the ongoing insantity of every scene in the movie. Suddenly the standard scene of finding the puppy on the boat has even more resonance. When Chef flips out after seeing a tiger I honestly felt shaken myself at his fear, frustration and pain.<br />The added scenes added a dimension to this film that seemed almost implied before. Coppolla once again demonstrates his genius not only by removing them initially to maintain a more reasonable length, but in having the confidence that the true movie goer would finally be prepared for the insane onslaught laid before them.
0767803434|4.0|That line itself is the most classic line of all from this smash hit! Harrison Ford plays the president who after making it clear to the world he will never negotiate with terrorists falls victim to a terrorists hijack of Air Force One! The president is pressed to the ultimate limit when his wife and daughter are held hostage by a Russian goon (Played so deliciously by Gary Oldman)! With the fates of the world &amp; his family both hanging in balance, it up to the president to kick some butt. Although the dialog &amp; action is 100% macho, some of the CGI effects for Air Force One leave much to be desired. When you see the end of the movie, you'll know what I mean! Still it has heart and attitude which makes it out to be a true action classic!
B00005MP58|3.0|I own the original BBC VHS tapes - not A&amp;E, the first DVD and now the Special Edition DVD. <br />The BBC edition is marvelous and contains an extra shot of Darcy watching the carriage leave Netherfield with Jane and Lizzy. This is not on either of the DVDs.<br />The first DVD is great. It does have credits breaking up the individual parts of the original series but all in all the quality is close to the original tapes.<br />However the latest Special Edition has lost the softness gained by using film instead of tape which I think helped the original. This version is sharper with far too much contrast. It's just a generally harsher look to the whole thing which I am sure the producers would hate. I'm not returning it as I adore the series and any version is worth collecting but for those of you wanting a pristine version on DVD, try to get hold of the first edition and skip this one.
B00005NW02|5.0|Non stop headbanging action.  If you liked the first you will love this one, its actually a bit harder!!<BR>For the people who are buying this because of the Chop Suey you will be disappointed because that song is one of the few soft songs...
0440180295|5.0|It is in my belief that Slaughterhouse was a book that gets the mind active, and I enjoyed this book very much. At first the story seemed a little awkward, Vonnegut actually devoted the first chapter to telling how he thought his book to be a failure and how he could not bring himself to write a book about his experience in Dresden.  He goes to a friend who cannot remember the bombing.  The next chapter seemed to be a little more exciting. What isn't mentioned until about halfway through the chapter is the war, and then instantly jumps in and out of Billy Pilgrim's military experience. I see this as maybe a message that Vonnegut is trying to say. War isn't talked about much, because war is senseless and there isn't much to say about it. Billy seems to be unfetered by death when he is in the war. This is shown when his group is being shot at, and Billy is narrowly missed by a bullet and stands still as to give the shooter another chance at killing him. Billy does not see death as a thing to fear, so this means he must not think of war as anything.  From Billy's point of view, all that war brings is death. After the bombing of Dresden, Billy doesn't seem to notice that he is cleaning away dead bodies, but focuses on other, more minute details. For example, Billy says that the best moment of his life was laying out on the horse cart under the sun in Dresden. As most people couldn't be able to enjoy any moment in Dresden after the bombing, seeing as how 135,000 people died, and the bodies are lying all around. This sense of not giving a damn gave Billy a comical aura.  There is much, much more dark humor  spread throught the book that is like this. It's the unique humor that makes this book very enjoyable, and I recommend that everyone reads this selection.
0767803434|4.0|That line itself is the most classic line of all from this smash hit! Harrison Ford plays the president who after making it clear to the world he will never negotiate with terrorists falls victim to a terrorists hijack of Air Force One! The president is pressed to the ultimate limit when his wife and daughter are held hostage by a Russian goon (Played so deliciously by Gary Oldman)! With the fates of the world &amp; his family both hanging in balance, it up to the president to kick some butt. Although the dialog &amp; action is 100% macho, some of the CGI effects for Air Force One leave much to be desired. When you see the end of the movie, you'll know what I mean! Still it has heart and attitude which makes it out to be a true action classic!
B00003CY0V|3.0|After a long speech by John Travolta's Gabriel Shear about the realism of hostage movies, particularly Pacino's 'Dog Day Afternoon', he gets up and leaves the coffee shop. Following him, is Stanley Jobson (the superb Hugh Jackman), looking rather worried... Outside, a huge police blockade! Snipers, helicopters, squad cars and an excellent Don Cheadle co-ordinating the police. &quot;Step aside, I won't ask again.&quot; Travolta says, clutching some hand held device. Shear and Jobson then walk into a bank across the street, hostages by the dozen wrapped in C-4 and ball bearings waiting there... Shear's men leave the bank,with the hostages, then one of the hostages is grabbed by the police. &quot;Let her go!&quot; Jackman shouts. &quot;Release the hostage!&quot; Cheadle shouts. &quot;It's done, take cover!&quot; says Travolta... Then, BOOM! The hostage, out of range explodes... Then, in slo-mo and flo-mo, we are treated to a 270 degree pan of the scene- ball bearings tearing up the SWAT team, the cafe, cops flying over their vehicles. Jackman, on the floor, looks up and sees a ball bearing rolling over to him... and there ends the greatest opening to a movie ever seen... The rest of the film never lives up to the first ten minutes, but it's still pretty damn good though!
B000009QPG|2.0|I Love Slayer but for some reason I can't get into this album..<BR>The cd does have two of the best Slayer songs ever..War Ensemble and Seasons In The Abyss( which sound much more aggressive on the live album) ..but the rest of the album is just weak.Its like they tried to mix south of heaven with reign in blood but it just didn't work..I guess its Tom's new singing style..I wish he would go back to the old reign in blood , hell awaits style..
0782008372|1.0|Immortal warrior (Christopher Lambert) from medieval Scotland must do battle with a ruthless Kurgan knight (Clancy Brown) in modern N.Y to fight for the &quot;prize&quot; of being the last of their species. Aussie rock video vet Mulcahy shows his usual astonishing visual style in this entertaining but hamfisted action/sci-fi flick. Lambert is average but dull, Connery shows some skill and Brown is delightfully menacing at times but plain annoying at others. Face-off in a car park at the start of the film is its only highlight. Yet, this film still acquired a cult following.<BR>Fans of this movie should be sharpening their axes of this disgusting excuse for a DVD. The picture is muddy and grainy, the sound is over-loud and the dialogue is like a whisper. Its a disgrace that this transfer recieved a THX certification. As for extras, the title of &quot;Deluxe Collector's Edition&quot; doesn't even nearly live upto expectation. A trailer, a lightning fast photo gallery and an ok audio commentary by Director and Producers. For those of you who are seeking a decent DVD version of this film, check out the Australian or UK edition. The picture is far superior and it too contains a Dolby 5.1 track which is much easier to listen to. The extras are a trailer, interview with Christopher Lambert, filmographies and a Queen music video. Now that version does a fan justice. But for those of you who don't want the hassel of ordering internationally, Anchor Bay Entertainment will be releasing a Limited Edition in 2002 which will again be THX certified. Just hope they have better luck with this one.
0767803434|4.0|That line itself is the most classic line of all from this smash hit! Harrison Ford plays the president who after making it clear to the world he will never negotiate with terrorists falls victim to a terrorists hijack of Air Force One! The president is pressed to the ultimate limit when his wife and daughter are held hostage by a Russian goon (Played so deliciously by Gary Oldman)! With the fates of the world &amp; his family both hanging in balance, it up to the president to kick some butt. Although the dialog &amp; action is 100% macho, some of the CGI effects for Air Force One leave much to be desired. When you see the end of the movie, you'll know what I mean! Still it has heart and attitude which makes it out to be a true action classic!
B00005N9CV|5.0|I'm often disappointed with subsequent albums by someone I liked.  They just don't meet expectations.  This is NOT the case here.  I love this CD.  The strings are not overly sweet.  They often use interesting cords with a bit of &quot;tension&quot;.  The piano playing is indeed sparse, but very tasteful.  And the singing, well, I haven't gotten tired of it yet, after about 3 weeks of almost daily listening.  <br />Cheers
B000009QPE|5.0|This album will kick your behind and make you want to comeback for more...Tom's vocals are really convincing..A must have for your metal collection
B000002540|5.0|This is a really, really good album.<br />Critically panned when it was first released, On Your Feet stands out today as a vastly underappreciated classic, and by far the most consistently excellent recording by a band whose three-decade career produced gems of astonishing brilliance (\\"Don't Fear the Reaper\\") as well as heaping piles of excrement (any song co-written with John Shirley).<br />As with every succesful BOC effort, the element that stands out here is Buck Dharma's incomparably musical guitar playing.  The entire album consists of extended jams showcasing Dharma's virtuousity and utter mastery of the riff.<br />On Your Feet captures BOC very close to their creative and commercial peak, when every album improved on its predecessor and the band's potential must have seemed limitless.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|This has got to be one of the most jammed packed dvd's I have ever seen even my favorite dvd Fight club doesn't have this much.  So Even the people who did not like the movie will get a kick out of some of the features.  I mean there are deleted scenes for god sakes.  I was not a big fan of Snow White and The Seven Dwarfs when I first saw it,  but watching everything on the dvd I have a big appreciation for what Disney did.  I actuall watched the dvd and it is absoultely fantastic.  Plus the Remastering of The Film and Audio tracks are first rate and it looks like it just came out yesterday.  That's how good it looks.  But before you run to the store to buy it rent it first and just watch the movie then buy it and watch the special features.  This Dvd is First Rate.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|Perhaps the most intriguing aspect of Walt Disney's first animated motion picture, &quot;Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs,&quot; is the bizarre mix of images that strike the mind in various ways. It's rare in any day to find such a film that delights one with humor and enchanting music, and at the same time gets under the skin with a dark sense of dread and urgency underneath its conflict. &quot;Snow White&quot; is not only a technical masterpiece, but a true work of art that stands out among the very best in any time period of cinema. <br />For film historians, it stands out as a marvel of the achievement of technology. Being the first full-length animated feature of its kind, &quot;Snow White&quot; is seamless in its integration of detailed characters into articulately-drawn settings, with extreme attention of such details as water reflection, shadow movement, and even lip movement of the characters, an especially difficult task given the amount of song and dialogue. For this, it receives high marks all around, and earns itself a place in movie history. <br />It's the ultimate battle of good and evil, in which young Snow White finds herself the target of the Queen's growing jealousy. She flees into the woods, where she comes to the cottage of the Seven Dwarfs, who gladly welcome the new arrival. Just as their friendship together becomes increasingly joyful, the movie darkens the tone with the Queen's transformation into an old peddler woman, hoping to rid herself of Snow White's threat to her being fairest in the land once again. <br />&quot;Snow White&quot; is a special sort of film, one that is ceaseless in its ability to entertain the young and old. Watching it as a child is the ultimate experience, while watching it in later years will no doubt provide many with cherished memories of their first time seeing the film. It's the type of movie you find yourself looking back on with happiness and satisfaction, the mark of a truly great film.<br />Perhaps the movie'smost memorable aspect is its contrast of light and dark imagery, a neverending foray for some of the most memorable scenes and images ever put forth onto the screen. Snow White's happy existence among the Dwarfs is full of glee and humor, and provides delight at every turn of the story. In complete contrast, Snow White's escape into the forest takes us on a terrifying journey through our own worst fears; the scene is charged with suspense and an intensity unmatched by any modern movie. The Queen's transformation scene is an absinthe-induced hallucination of dizzying images, and the final confrontation between the Dwarfs and the Queen is a suspense-laden race against time. <br />The film's most memorable trait is its musical score, filled with cheery melodies and upbeat tunes, from the infamous &quot;Heigh Ho&quot; and &quot;Whistle While You Work,&quot; to the operatic &quot;Some Day My Prince Will Come.&quot; Just as this music is full of joy, there are chords of music that are extremely unsettling, such as that of the opening shot, in which we see the castle looming over the river, set to high-pitched strings that set a foreboding tone. The music works with the movie to bring out the emotions it wants us to feel, whether it be overjoyed exuberance or nervous anticipation. <br />It's everything a perfect fairy tale should be, and the film captures not only the Grimm's tale magnificently, but also realizes the many ways in which fairy tales manage to work our minds. It takes us to a place in our fancy, the places we cherish and adore, and the places we would rather leave behind. At its center is a story full of moral truth and virtue, and every nuance is brought to stunning life with love and care put forth. &quot;Snow White&quot; is the ultimate masterpiece, a cherished piece of movie history that remains with you long after it has finished, and one that will be forever remembered.
0440219078|4.0|The first time I read this book I was in fourth grade, and most of of its meaning was lost on me. I have reread this book and a lot of connections were made that I simply was not mature enough to see before. At the ripe old age of nine, I simply did not understand the ideas of freedom and the ability to make choices. Now at 18, I see many of the ideas that went through Jonas' mind paralleled my own as I matured. The sense of individuality and freedom, which I now take for granted, were completely removed from the society Jonas was raised in, yet he found the ideas buried within him. It shows that the breaking away of a maturing child is archetypal in nature. And that, i believe, is the fundamental basis of this novel.
B00003CXDD|4.0|&quot;Willow&quot; is a mixed bag of different movie venues and audience reactions, ranging from originality to predictability, from exciting to downright weird. It lacks the ingenuity and spirit of such child-oriented movies as &quot;The Neverending Story&quot; and &quot;The Goonies,&quot; but for the most part, it pays off, and you may be surprised to find yourself enjoying different sections of the film. <br />The beginning is wonderful, a highly suspenseful opening in which an evil queen brings all pregnant mothers in her kingdom before her in hopes of locating and destroying the one chosen to bring her reign of terror to an end. A midwife smuggles the child out of the castle, and before she is set upon by wildebeests, she sends the child floating down the river, where it comes to the attention of the Nelywn community. <br />In the world of &quot;Willow,&quot; there are two sets of people: the Nelwyns, a community of short, midget people, and the Daikinis, regular-sized humans. The baby is a Daikini, and so Willow Ufgood (Warwick Davis) is called upon to return the baby to its original habitat. Setting out on the dangerous journey, he soon meets adventurous Madmartigan (Val Kilmer), and the two pair up to take the baby to its destination, which changes almost every minute as they encounter such beings as a forest fairy, and a sorceress who comes in the form of a rat, a bird, a goat, etc. <br />The movie isn't really interested in setting a straight course for itself. The constant changing of setting, pace, and destination are all a reminder that a movie such as this is more of a device for action and humor rather than logical plot. Because this movie is aimed at children, and has a childlike quality of its own, it gets away with such a tactic. <br />Having said that, the film is exceptionally entertaining. It's full of humor and yes, even a little bit of suspense, likeable characters, who are sometimes so goofy and cumbersome that you'll laugh until you cry, anda story that is the stuff dreams are made of. Kilmer's character is a throwback of sorts to the swashbuckling heroes of yesteryear, while Davis is a hero as well, and the one we all come out rooting for. <br />The action sequences are mindless good fun, ranging from a high-speed horse chase to some showdowns at various castles throughout the land. These scenes all give Lucas and director Ron Howard a chance to showcase some of the finer set pieces in a children's movie, from knights in armor and beautiful yet foreboding vistas, to dark, gothic castles and otherworldly creatures conjured out of magical powers. <br />Watching the movie as an adult proves to be far different than from seeing it in my childhood. As a child, I remembered the excitement of such scenes, and looking back on them, I find that it is unfair to dismiss the movie on its logic. I do find that some scenes are somewhat disturbing for younger children, at whom the movie is aimed, such as the sequence in which a two-headed dragon rises out of a river; they seem a bit too daring for a children's movie. <br />The fantasy land created in &quot;Willow&quot; lives up to the expectations of the genre, and even goes a bit further. The story is a bit befuddled, but paying attention to its flaws takes away from the fun and excitement it has in spinning its tale. The special effects are dazzling without being jaw-dropping, and the action is intense without being gratuitous. As a children's movie, &quot;Willow&quot; is pure, nonsensical satisfaction.
0440219078|4.0|The first time I read this book I was in fourth grade, and most of of its meaning was lost on me. I have reread this book and a lot of connections were made that I simply was not mature enough to see before. At the ripe old age of nine, I simply did not understand the ideas of freedom and the ability to make choices. Now at 18, I see many of the ideas that went through Jonas' mind paralleled my own as I matured. The sense of individuality and freedom, which I now take for granted, were completely removed from the society Jonas was raised in, yet he found the ideas buried within him. It shows that the breaking away of a maturing child is archetypal in nature. And that, i believe, is the fundamental basis of this novel.
B00005N83M|4.0|With J. Lo, Jennifer Lopez proves that she is more than a no-talent pop diva.  The wide range of songs shows that she can do many different things.  The MTV TRL favorites &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;, &quot;I'm Real&quot;, and &quot;Play&quot; are great, and the R&amp;B driven &quot;I'm Real (Murder Remix)&quot; is also good.  The lesser known &quot;Ain't It Funny&quot; is one of the best songs on the album, and deserves to be released as a single.  However, the problem that plagues so many pop singers afflicts Jennifer.  Her fast, dance-driven beats are great, but her slow songs aren't any good.  You'll skip past the balleds on J. Lo to get to the faster songs.  But all and all, Jennifer has put together a good cd with plenty of good tracks.  Buy it, it's worth the money.
1881273156|5.0|My husband and I are active in the Catholic Engaged Encounter in California, married for eight years and still we learned something from this book. We encourage engaged couples to communicate, verbally or in writing, their thoughts, ideas and feelings. But even as we practiced that concept, I felt that at times I just didn't understand my husband and he felt that way with me. Since reading this book, I understand why. My primary love language is actually two: Acts of Service and Quality Time. (According to Dr. Chapman, this makes me 'bi-lingual'!) The small gifts that my husband gave me never meant as much as his fixing the sink or hanging the Christmas lights. After just one week of discovering our 'love languages', our relationship is better. The concept of love being a choice (where other reviewers think Dr. Chapman became preachy) is one that we talk about in our Engaged Encounter weekends. Love is a choice, and his explanation of why is perfect. I highly recommend this book. And for the record, I don't think he got too preachy. But if you are not of any Christian faith, then any Biblical reference will offend.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|I saw this movie when I was in Germany even though I didn't have high expectations of it at first when it was out in the US.  Well, BOY WAS I PROVED WRONG!  This movie rules!! I have seen it in the theater 4 times already and it's not enough!  I will definitely buy the DVD.<br />Shrek is a lone ogre who likes his privacy but suddenly encounters himself surrounded by fairy tale creatures that have been banned to his swamp by evil Lord Farquaad.  To get them out, he's sent to rescue Princess Fiona from a dragon along with his sidekick (brilliant performance by Eddie Murphy) Donkey so that she can marry him.  Lots of action and a great ending.  I loved it from beggining to the end.  I am so very thankful to my beloved for taking me to see this movie!<BR>Great for the whole family, but I think children over 10 will understand the humor much better. :)
B00004T0P1|5.0|How this score, written so beautifully by James Howard Newton, did not win an Oscar or Golden Globe or SOMETHING for Best Movie Score is beyond me.  This is truly, in my humble opinion, one of the best scores to hit the music market . . . ever.<br />I remember the first time I came across the CD.  I was in a Wal-Mart, just browsing around.  Then I noticed a soundtrack for this &quot;Dinosaur&quot; movie from Disney, at which point I had not even heard of yet.  I listened to a few samples via those sample-listening stations that Wal-Mart has, and within seconds I had goosebumps racing up and down my arms.  You have to understand that something like that never happens to me.<br />This score takes you on every kind of musical ride you could ever wish to go.  It's sweet and serene, it's clashing and vibrant, it's luscious and empowering.  I haven't even seen the movie, but that doesn't really matter to me.  This score stands up well on its own, and if I never see the movie . . . oh, well.<br />If you are a fan of John Williams' music, or just great movie scores in general, than this is DEFINITELY something you should consider picking up.<br />Kudos to James Newton Howard for creating such a brilliant masterpiece.  I can't wait to hear more of his future works.
B00003W8NM|5.0|The main Amazon review of &quot;Fight Club&quot; says it's about moral decay.  Yeah, and I'm U Tant.  Fight Club has nothing to do with societal problems or moral decay.  Fight Club doesn't even have anything to do with fighting.  Fight Club is about the interior landscape of the human soul and the struggle to become.<br />But please, please, see Fight Club for yourself and you decide.  I liked Fight Club when I saw it in the theater, but the main plot twist frankly took most of my attention.  It wasn't until I started watching this DVD that I actually got Fight Club. I've now seen Fight Club more than 10 times, and I'm still picking up things I hadn't connected before.<BR>  <BR>There is so much to this movie I can't begin to even talk about it.  With each viewing it seems more impossible that any major studio would even touch this movie!  Instead, let me say that this DVD edition is the DVD I measure all others against.  It is superb.  There are piles of extras, including multiple documentaries on the making of the movie.  There are also different commentary tracks.  The main commentary track, with Norton, Pitt, Carter, and Filcher, is the most interesting, and the one I'd suggest you listen to after watching the movie a few times.  You may find as I did that it helps you pick up even more the next time you watch the movie with the commentary off.  Also, Fight Club is a movie made for viewing on DVD.  You can study certain scenes frame by frame.  I'd tell you why you'd want to do this, but as you'll soon find out the first rule of Fight Club is that you do not talk about Fight Club.  <br />I honestly think people will be watching this movie in a thousand years, if there are still people left on this Earth.  If you love movies, you must see Fight Club.
B00005PJ8I|5.0|First of all, I have to say right up front that I highly respect Tom Hanks and his acting ability.  It was because of him that I took the time out to watch this movie in the first place (also the case of &quot;The Green Mile,&quot; as well).<br />Second of all, I love to be entertained.  And this movie did it for me.  I don't understand how some people can give it a hard time.  They say the storyline was boring, they say the ending was lackluster.  They just don't find it a very engaging movie.<br />Okay, that's all well and fine.  Everyone is entitled to their opinion.  But this is where those people and I differ.<br />I don't go to movies looking for some meaning, spiritual or otherwise, to change my life.  I don't really care about whether the storyline makes sense.  I go to and watch movies for the entertainment value, and &quot;Cast Away&quot; entertained the heck out of me.<br />I will admit that the first 20 or so minutes of this movie are a bit slow.  And I will also admit that the ending leaves much to be desired.  It's always a disappointment when anything you're engaged in just stops, and this movie falls right into that category.  But everything in between, from that heart-racing plane crash sequence (without a doubt the most realistic plane crash you will see in a movie) to all the different ways that Chuck Noland (Tom Hanks) is put through the rigger are great.<br />There is very little musical score in this movie, but that only enhances the &quot;isolated feeling&quot; that one is to feel while watching the movie.  When it does come, it sweeps you away and tugs at your heart.<br />In short, I thought this movie was great.  I loved everything on the island, I thought Wilson was a great side-character (definitely the best acting volleyball I've ever seen), and so many other things that I won't go into here.<br />If you haven't seen it yet, give it a chance.  Just forget about life for a couple of hours and let it effect you the way it effected me.
B00000I0XW|5.0|I know that Ms. Brightman does not want to be pigeonholed as a singer of show tunes.  Nevertheless, she shines like a diamond in this area.  If like me, you adore that marvelous voice but can only listen to a limited amount of opera in one sitting, then you will love this CD.  The &quot;Webber collection&quot; gives Sarah the opportunity to be more expressive and dramatic in her singing that pop songs generally permit, yet the melodies and lyrics are probably more appealing to today's listeners than the classical works might be.<br />These tracks comprise a well-chosen selection of Andrew Lloyd-Webber songs from his collection of modern musicals.  Nearly every one of them is a gem.  Thanks to Sarah's pure, soaring soprano voice, there's never a reason to skip over a track in order to get to the next good song.  The varied program includes beautiful love songs such as &quot;Tell Me on a Sunday&quot; and &quot;All I Ask of You&quot;; production numbers like &quot;Don't Cry for Me Argentina&quot; and &quot;Music of the Night&quot;, the touching &quot;Pie Jesu&quot; from Webber's version of a requiem, and livelier tunes such as &quot;Macavity&quot; from Cats.<br />Again, I can't imagine a program better suited to show Sarah's wonderful talent in its best light.  As far as I'm concerned she can sing anything; I own most of her CD's.  But I believe it's a close call between this CD and &quot;Eden&quot; for the designation of her best to date.  I can't recommend it highly enough.
0060920386|5.0|BARBARIANS AT THE GATES smokes.  It is a magnificent journalistic study of corporate America during the Age of Reagan.<BR>Burrough and Helyar report on the efforts of RJR/Nabisco management to take their company private and how their actions led to one of the largest leveraged buyouts in American history.  Hilarious story.  Funny, but sadly true.
0767903854|4.0|I much preferred Bryson's US title; I have never liked _Down Under_. It's semantically negative. Oz describes the wonder of the continent... <br />I agree this book is tooo whirlwind; methinks I feel a sequel coming on. Bryson did this (he said) at the editor's behest; s/he that an overview was the best way to go for the book.<br />I missed Bryson's acerbic wit and penetrating insights into culture; he loves us too much. He admitted (in an interview) that he didn't find much to gripe about. While I have been amused at American's reactions to Bryson's &quot;mean spiritedness&quot; in some of his US travel books (which I love because I live on both continents), I hoped he would rip into Australia. We wouldn't mind: we love the flagellation (a hang over from our penal heritage). We are a politically uncorrect (my American husband is constantly amazed at our insensitivity)and naughty (my American students are stunned by the nudity and crudity of our<BR>advertising campaigns!). As one famous Oz observer put it &quot;they're a weird mob&quot;. <br />If you found Bryson's book intriguing, you can be in Sydney in 13 hours from LA!!! The only difference between a 13 hour flight and 5 hour one is the number of films. On the way, you might like to read a book by Barry Humphreys (Dame Edna) or Nino Cullota's _They're a Weird Mob_. Even better, read Nick Earls' _Zig Zag Street_. Go on open your mind to cultcha Oz style. See _Moulin Rouge_ or _Lantana_. Our architecture is categorised by its ugliness, our language coarse, our manners appalling;but our country is fabulous. Don't forget the insect repellent tho'. <BR>Her beauty and her terror<BR>The wide brown land for me !
B00003CX5P|4.0|I have pre-ordered the DVD and cannot wait to see what is all involved. What I do NOT understand is several of the reviewers here rave about how great the DVD is and how they loved all the features. At the time im writing this the DVD is still a week away from shipping...how do they know its good and have details about it?<BR>Confused.
B000002UAX|5.0|I am a big beatles fanatic and particulary John Lennon.  This is not the best beatles album, i'd say it is pipped by either Revolver or Sgt. Pepper's but saying that it is still breathtakingly brilliant. From mccartney's 'beach boyish' Back in the USSR to lennons happiness is a warm gun masterpiece to George's excellent savoy truffle. One song of the whole two discs that really stands out is Lennons emotionally briliant Julia, named after his mother who died when he was 15, it is utterly lennon at his slow song best.<br />This album is wealth worth the extra cash needed for the 2 cd's.
B00005N53P|4.0|All the VU and Iggy comparisons aside,does anybody else hear the hectic jangling guitars,the steady drumming,the bass anchor and meloncholy vocals of David Gedge's Wedding Present in The Strokes relenting sound?Strokes fans:pick up WP's \\"George Best\\" or \\"Bizzarro\\" or \\"Watusi\\"...,get 'em all !You'll be glad you did.........P.S.....great LP Strokes!
B00003CXAA|5.0|The Godfather 1 and 2 are my all-time favorite movies. I have seen them so many times I have dialog much of the dialog memorized. When the Godfather was re-released on the big screen a few years ago I was amazed at how fresh this movie still seemed after seeing it on video a number of times. So when the DVD was released, I questioned whether I should buy it or not, and argued that at the very least they are my favorite movies so I bought them. At the time of this review I have only seen the first disc and I am absolutely thrilled and more than satisfied. A few reasons come to mind. One is that I am seeing a lot of things I had never noticed before. For instance I was completely shocked that I had never noticed in the distance, the statue of liberty during the hit on Pauly. I also am hearing a lot of things I had never heard before on VHS format(too many to things to mention). And finally the audio commentary by Coppolla is very insightful and interesting(the studio was actually going to fire him 3 weeks into filming because they didn't like the film - and yes, that was a REAL horses head). Anyway, I am having too much fun watching these so far, and I am only on the first one! This is a perfect example of why they made the DVD format!
0805062971|5.0|Being a fan of Fight Club the movie, I thought I should check out the book.  Doing so has changed the way that I read books.<br />Palahnuk, like Fight Club director David Fincher, does an excellent job of casting a dark, grimy overtone on the book. Throughout the novel, one gets a feeling of grittiness.  This book will question everything a person has ever been taught.  Maybe God hates me.  Maybe success isn't all to life.  Maybe I need more pain to be happy.  Palahnuk goes way out on a limb here, almost to the point of anarchy, but his book doesa great job of pointing out just how bad an anarchist/nihilist society can and will fail if ever implemented.  Many anarchists feel that Fight Club praises their works; however, it does the exact opposite.  It shows the reader how poorly an anarchy functions.  <br />The story of a nameless schizophrenic who isn't aware of his sickness, Fight Club could be one of the most original novels in history, much less in the 1990's.  Never has the protaganist's realization ever come as such a suprise; when Tyler Durden is revealed to be the split personality of the narrator, the entire book starts to make sense.<br />Palahnuk is an excellent writer; he uses repition to his advantage many, many times throughout Fight Club to get his points across.  His writing style is the most unique in years.  Let's hope the Chuck Palahnuk has plenty more where Fight Club came from.
0736644326|5.0|Absolutely marvelous. Loved it. The reading was excellent and the book a delight. I have read quite a bit of Hemingway but had always missed this book (DOn't know why). I live in Spain so it was marvelous to hear of bullfighting and the Spain of the 1920s. The characterization is wonderful. It would be intriguing to follow the route the travellers took in their journey from Paris to Pamplona.
B00005Q45W|5.0|In terms of production and instrumentation, Leonard Cohen retired to Florida 20 years ago. I'M YOUR MAN was a truely great album despite suffering from synth abuse. THE FUTURE had the same malady, but once again the outstanding quality of the songs saved the proceedings. 10 NEW SONGS breaks no new ground in terms of cheesy prodution and yet once again, the lyrics play hero to yet another damsel in distress.<br /><br />Sure, he whispers and croaks in septagenarian mockery of Barry White. But lyrically Cohen's sharp as ever, and that's how one should approach this album. It's basically a slim volume of new poems with obligatory musical accompaniment. Armed with lines like \\"I fought against the bottle but I had to do it drunk\\" he still hits the weary mark of the heart. Sentiments like \\" Love went on and on /until It reached an open door\\" don't hurt either.<br /><br />Suffice it to say I'm a fan. Though I generally find solace in the dark acoustic majesty of SONGS OF LOVE & HATE, Time goes to show that you can't keep that kind of intensity up forever. The presence of Sharon Robinson is also a welcome replacement to the chorus of tipsy Baccanals Cohen has utilized in recent years. Her souful croon goes to show less is truely more. When she sings, \\"You kiss my lips and then it's done\\" a title like BOOGIE STREET takes on a much more ominous meaning---and the old CHELSEA HOTEL Cohen shines on through.<br /><br />Stand out tracks for me are IN MY SECRET LIFE, THAT DON'T MAKE IT JUNK & BOOGIE STREET. Though there's no surpises, I can't  say I'm disappointed. 10 NEW SONGS is just another remarkable page in the forgiving, loving voice Cohen found in THE FUTURE.
B00005N9CV|1.0|WHAT IS GOING ON? I have been a Diana Krall fan since she was mostly unknown. This CD is alarming. The better she looks on her CD covers, the sadder the contents of the CD. It is sad to see success spoil her music. Is Krall on barbiturates? Not only does she NOT connect with the lyrics on this CD, one wants to slap her around and yell WAKE UP. This gorgeous talented goddess sounds like she is slipping away from the earthly realm into heroin city in the sky. If the tempo slows down any more she should be declared medically comatose and the listener will be able to sleep through the winter like a hibernating bear. Dull flat and tedious renditions. Without the spark and energy in her earlier works, every song on the CD seems to gruelingly emphasize all the considerable technical flaws of her voice with no redeeming virtues. This CD goes from dull, duller to dullest! Save your money. Stick to her earlier CDs. If you want real torch singing, stay away and go back to the passionate classic Jazz divas of the forties and fifties. Her &quot;torch&quot; is about as bright as a birthday candle here.
B000002UEB|5.0|Queensryche is my favorite band.  Operation:  Mind Crime is my favorite album.  Listen to the album and find out why.  It is packed from beginning to end with amazing riffs, powerful lyrics, a great story, and the great vocals of Geoff Tate.  This is the culmination and pinnacle of progressive metal, 80's metal, and in my opinion music in general.  The standout songs are &quot;Spreading the Disease&quot;, &quot;Eyes of the Stranger&quot;, and &quot;Revolution Calling&quot;, but its not fair to only name these three.  Pretty much every other song stands out.  If you've never heard the album, you have no idea how awesome music can be.  A must get if there ever was one!
B000001OAA|4.0|Garbage? Little bits and pieces that pile up in the corners of the house, over the years...ok, it seems to fit. Except that this is no typical heap. Alterna-producer extraordinaire Butch Vig (Nirvana's NEVERMIND, for one) has put together a band to suit his own tastes and eclectic percussive skills, and the result is Garbage's self-titled debut.<br />There are indeed little pieces of everything on GARBAGE. The guitars travel into areas of My Bloody Valentine distortion, while the swinging, sampled loops of noise pound with the same trip-hop tremor as Bjork's solo work. Vocalist Shirley Manson coos and caws, spiralling down from quizical to menacing as she mulls over the various distractions in her life--like &quot;My Lover's Box,&quot; or being &quot;Only Happy When It Rains.&quot;<br />And just when you think you've identified the natural origin of one of Garbage's many pieces, they slip into another mode, a heavier drum sound, more organic instruments--in fact, a different style altogether. Hey, what's in this stuff, anyway?
B000000H42|5.0|Look no further if you seek the ULTIMATE Black Metal opus. This CD will have you gripping your arm chair when you slip on your headphones on a dark winters night to enter through the gates that lead to Mercyful Fate's blackened world. With King Diamond's operatic &quot;dead choir boy from Hell&quot; vocal stylings to the magnificant twin duel axe work of Denner and Sherman the band unleashed the most atmospheric and captivating walk on the darkside ever recorded. Each track is a musical event unto itself, be it attending a seance at 'A Dangerous Meeting' or to evil possession through dreams in 'Nightmare' all bases of the Black Arts are visited. Key and tempo changes abound but in measure and without intentionally perplexing the listener to the point of disregard this time around. We still have an epic in 'The Oath' being a sinister recreation of attending a Black Mass ceremony. The opening storm, bell chime and evil satanic laugh will have you splashing Holy Water like aftershave before a hot date. We have a couple of more commercial almost radio friendly (almost) songs in 'Desecreation of Souls' and 'Gypsy' both of which are excellent. These songs demonstrated that the band was brave enough to experiment with melody even amongst a Black Metal congregation. At the end of it all it is really this CD's ability to paint musical landscapes that transport you to places where only evil dwells that makes the release such a triumph. It is like reading a book with your ears and not your eyes. Indeed next to Venom's 'Black Metal' this is an essential purchase of this genre. So come to the Sabbath, you know...down by that ruined bridge..just remember you may never be the same again. Are you prepared to buy the Oath?
B00005NP04|5.0|GREATEST HITS takes a retrospect of Martina's almost 10 year career. Starting with her first hit My Baby Loves Me, all the way to last year's hit There You Are, from her EMOTION album. Also included is the non hit Strangers, which is a hit in its own right. What's spectacular are the new songs included in this collection. Blessed is a nice positive, start your day with a smile song. When God Fearin' Women Get The Blues is a hit already, its a fun song for the ladies with a lot of attitude and sassiness. Where Would You Be is one of my favorite songs (along with Concrete Angel), its a powerful ballad about being in a relationship and not knowing how the other person feels, if he doubting or what not. Very powerful song with vocals that will blow you away. Concrete Angel is another &quot;issue&quot; song like Independance Day or Love's The Only House (both on this CD by the way), this time dealing with child abuse. Very heartbreaking, but it offers a glimmer of hope in reference to the line &quot;but her dreams give her wings, and she flies to a place where she's loved&quot;. This is the standout in my opinion, very sad and heartbreaking, it'll make you cry. The CD also features liner notes from Martina and co producer Paul Worley, who offer insight on all the songs. Overall a good buy and a must have!
6305949980|5.0|As a resident of Monstropolis, I never miss this tale of Christmas misfits and monsters! Jack Skellington is a true hero -- a figure kids would be frightened of if he popped out of their closet. Now that's a man I can get behind 100%! Halloweentown is a dark scary place kids would hate, and the animation is top-notch. The songs are also great for scare singalongs. And the finale never fails to bring a tear to my friend Mike's eye. I give it two horns up!
B000001Y79|5.0|No Doubt's members cite a strange variety of musical influences: Kiss, Prince and Madness, to name a few. And it's easy to imagine that their hometown itself, Anaheim, California (home to Disneyland), may have played a part in forming the band's schizophrenic,high-energy sound, which took TRAGIC KINGDOM, the band's second album, on a slow, steady ride up the pop charts. It finally hit No. 1 in December 1996, 14 months after it was released.<br />This is ska-punk-new wave-dance music, with instrumentation ranging from hardcore guitar to mellow, reggae-style horns. Singer Gwen Stefani's voice is by turns peppy, almost adolescent (&quot;Spiderwebs&quot;) and emotionally wailing; she can sound a lot like Concrete Blonde's Johnette Napolitano (&quot;Just A Girl&quot;). When Stefani sings, &quot;I'm just a girl, little ol' me/Don't let me out of your sight,&quot; she does so without a hint of girlishness; her voice is all attitude, with a warbling edge of melodrama. For the most part, these are happy songs, though No Doubt do get philosophical on &quot;Different People&quot;: &quot;Once in a while I sit back/And think about the planet/Most of the time I trip on it/To kick back and think of how massive it all is.&quot;
0879306033|4.0|This book has information on almost every old synth and related piece of equipment in the history of electronic music.  The segments written by Mark Vail, Bob Moog and company are very enlightening and informative.  Perfect for those who know a little about vintage synth history and want to learn more.  One problem, though.  It could have used a couple of schematics and information on the workings of the gear.  (I also would have liked to see an interview with Moog colaborator Herb Deutsch.)  Otherwise, a real find.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Those who don't like this disc must be hard-line hip-hoppers. Those that do like it will lean toward hard (not metal) rock. Frankly, it doesn't matter; this is a great CD, period! Regardless of what one thinks about the band's &quot;politics,&quot; antics, and vocabulary, LB has definitely created a classic hard rock CD. <br />For the most part, this disc is an excellent stress release for me. From the incredibly hilarious (although many right-wingers would find my characterization ludicrous) &quot;Hot Dog&quot; to the hard-driving &quot;Full Nelson,&quot; LB gives the listener plenty of energy to release any frustrations. For those wanting a slower (but only a little bit!) cadence, check out &quot;My Way&quot; and &quot;The One.&quot; And, if you want to hear the incredible diversity and voice of monster front man Fred Durst, give &quot;Hold On&quot; a listen. You won't even believe its LB. Of course, any listener will be familiar with radio-laden &quot;Rollin&quot; and possibly &quot;My Generation.&quot; Of course, most will be familiar with the theme from &quot;MI2.&quot;<br />All-in-all, this is an outstanding CD. On a sad note, hate to see Wes go. His talent will be missed greatly.
B00003CXXJ|5.0|This movie is, by far, the Best Movie Ever!  I mean, FINALLY, we get a fairy tale where &quot;they lived ugly ever after.&quot;  It speaks volumes towards those who thought they could never have a fairy tale (or any!) romance because of their looks, the social and media perceptions towards them, etc.  Let's hope the moral of this story helps people realize &quot;you shouldn't judge people before you get to know them.&quot;<br />I saw this more than a dozen times in the theater, and I will be owning it on both video and DVD!!!!
B00004YA66|5.0|Frequency is a great movie in and of itself, but add great bonus features, and this DVD is GREAT!!!  I would highly recommend its addition to any DVD collection.   The bonus materials feature several different tracks.  One is full of interesting facts.   Listening to the directors comments gives wonderful insight to many of the features in movie.
B000056K04|5.0|I loved this CD. However, this CD will become the Classic DMB fans worst Nightmare. The Mainstream Audiance that this CD will attract maybe more than some Classic DMB fans can except. I hear at least five maybe six radio Singles,Mother Father, Angel, Fool to Think, The Space Between, and of course I Did It being the strongest tracks. They have definately turned a corner musically. Maybe its just the Ballard influence or just some musical wing stretching but for all the Classic DMB avante guard tendencies this collection of songs is more focused and radio friendly. Like this such a bad thing? Mother Father and Fool to Think definately have a Sting feel to them but the lyrics are pure DMB. Is &quot;Everyday&quot; a Merge into the mainstrain or just a just a momentary change of direction, only time will tell. I like the whole collection and cant wait to hear them Live.
B000051ZST|5.0|Road Trip is a funny movie.   It is one of those movies where you can leave your brain at the door, and be prepared to laugh.  The bonus materials on the DVD are extensive and well worth watching.
B000022TT4|5.0|There are many great moments of U2 performing and also off the stage where they simply take in their surroundings or discussing what this &quot;film&quot; is about.  This is a must-have DVD for all U2 fans.
6305069611|4.0|Yes, the title I gave this review is a reference to the Heinlein classic which this movie in some ways evokes.  I saw it twice in theaters: the \\"short\\" version in 1978, and a longer version in  1981.  I liked the shorter version better. Why? Because while the movie starts off brilliantly, it gradually devolves into a quirky, meandering Kafkaesque psychodrama that is never completely resolved.  I thought it needed a good edit by someone not as self-indulgent as Roeg ... or Bowie.  Would I recommend the DVD?  I dunno; I haven't seen it. <br />PS: My comments are based on my two theatrical viewings, and the DVD may not correspond to either version that I saw.  Usually, DVD releases are \\"expanded\\" versions, and that's the last thing this movie needs! So, if you like Bowie, and/or surreal movies in general, you'll probably like this one.  You might even watch it repeatedly, to try to figure out all the weird overtones, or undertones, or whatever.  On the other hand, if you're expecting a \\"traditional\\" sci-fi movie, you'll probably be disappointed.  Proceed at your own risk!
068485743X|5.0|The First Five Pages does cover just about all the basics, with a lot of succint advise on how to get past the apparently easily bored and hostile first reader/editor/agent.  No wonder so many best selling books have to pass through so many agents before they finally get published.<br />Most of the advice is pretty basic and common sense, although as an editor of several newsletters I have seen submissions written on colored paper, onion skin, etc.  There are some good tips even for the more seasoned writer, though, and worth a place in your library.
B0000004V2|5.0|What more can I say than a masterpiece. This album is simply blistering, from the eerie opening of 'I wanna be adored' to the epic closing of 'I am the ressurrection'.  This album easily trashes any opposition, essential for any CD collection.
B00005N5SF|4.0|You know, when it comes to  big-time over-the-top sci-fi cheeseball, the third season of classic `Star Trek' really hits the spot! In \\"Plato's Stepchildren\\", you've got Spock dancing the mamuschka around Kirk's prone body; Spock showing his `talent' as a singing sensation, and some of the more over-the-top Kirkian heavy-handed monologues out there! Oh yeah, this eppie's also got a midget... or is he a dwarf? I don't know the diff myself. Maybe I'll research the contrasts someday, but for now I'm too lazy, and basically couldn't care less. Oh yeah, let's not forget network prime-time's first interracial kiss-which wasn't nearly as gratuitous as some of Kirk's other liplocks. G-Rod & Company definitely did their best to make this `infamous' moment as subtle as possible!<br />Then there's `Wink of an Eye', where ol' Jimmers catches the eye of Deela, the comely leader of a race of hyperaccelerated beings. It's not too bad as far as third-season `Trek goes, but it does have its silly moments. The over-done `Jim-gets-romantic-with-the-babe-of-the-week' plot element is given yet another showing here. In fact, there's more than kissing going on in this instance- there's a moment where Kirk & Deela are in his quarters, and he's putting one of his boots on! Does that mean...? Hmmm.
B00003CXE6|5.0|The three best movie depictions of hand-to-hand combat with edged weapons are &quot;Ran,&quot; &quot;Braveheart,&quot; and &quot;Gladiator.&quot;  &quot;Ran&quot; is most lyrical, &quot;Braveheart&quot; most personal, and &quot;Gladiator&quot; most panoramic. Each captures a different feel for masses of men madly hacking at each other.<br />I'm certainly no expert on the subject, but &quot;Gladiator's&quot; weaponry and armor seem to be as accurate as possible.  Roman field pieces included both onagers (rock throwers) and catapults (arrow shooters).  The gladius (short sword) was right on.  The pilum (javelin)looked authentic enough.  The helmets and body armor match up pretty well with illustrations from the history books.  The array of the Germanic troops seemed accurate enough, but I believe some liberties were taken with Roman battle array and maneuver.  I'm not so sure that Greek Fire was used as early as Marcus Aurelius.<br />As for the story itself, Maximus proved the perfect hero: competent, courageous, and committed.  He had physical strength, skill with weaponry, and was a sagacious commander.  He had the martial courage to face an enemy in mortal combat, the material courage to fight through physical adversity, and the moral courage to say &quot;No&quot; to a capricious, all powerful Emperor.  He was committed to his family, his moral code, and his country.  The mix of courage and commitment lead him to murderous conflict with the mad Emperor Commodus, resulting in a dramatically satisfying but historically inaccurate denouement.<br />The story would have been greatly improved with a little more judicious use of the scissors.  It needed to be about 30 minutes shorter.
B000002IFP|5.0|I am a big big fan of Simply Red. I have got all their albums, from Picture book to Blue. However, this is the strongest one of all Mick's production. Just listen to 'You've got it', 'More', 'Love lays its tune' and the masterpiece: 'Enough'.<BR>You will not find something comparable in other cd,believe me!<BR>Jazz, soul, pop, all mixed together in such an elegant way...<BR>Perhaps,another 'must'for a real fan is 'Mountreaux ep'.
B000051VWW|4.0|This is a wonderful and mellow CD - very easy to listen to. All of the songs are very soulful.  If you like Sade, this CD does not disappoint.
B00005IC2H|3.0|Sure, it's &quot;haunting&quot; and outside the norm, but I've quickly grown tired of it. I'd recommend buying it used, but it's not a landmark release by any means.
B00005B36H|1.0|I got this CD a week after it came out expecting it to be as good, or better, than the previous Tool album. I had heard the song &quot;Schism&quot; on the radio a few days earlier and found it to be, well let's just say I didn't think it was as good as everyone made it out to be. When I got the CD I was expecting the other tracks to be a lot better(usually the ones that aren't on the radio are very good), but it was quite the opposite. The one song on here i did like was &quot;Parabola.&quot; This sounds less like tool and more like all the other mainstream bull$#?! out there. If you are going to spend your money on CDs then get the new Slipknot album or the newest Sepultura. Stay away from this.
0553579908|5.0|It is rare that I find a sequel as compelling as the first book. _A Clash Of Kings_ is a happy exception. The character development continued with astonishing skill, the plot build naturally from the first book and kept me guessing. I ripped through this book, and am waiting not-so-patiently for the paperback version of the next in the series.
B00004U8P9|5.0|This is one of the best movies i have seen in a long time. I saw this movie by the advice of my frind and i cant stop watching it. If you are looking for a twisted movie this is it.!
B00005NWRS|3.0|While there are some wonderful songs on this collection it seems to me that Ryan Adams<BR>is more concerned with being a rock star than he is with writing great music. To say this album<BR>is original would be very misleading. It is very derivative indeed emulating the likes of:<BR>Bob Dylan, The Rolling Stones, Van Morrison, The Band, Roy Orbison, Neil Young, Big Star and<BR>Paul Westerberg among others. Get the picture? While it seems like Adams is being hailed<BR>as the &quot;next big thing&quot; his best work may already be behind him. The signature twang of his former<BR>alt-country band Whiskeytown is gone and so is the melancholy-folk beauty of last years solo<BR>debut &quot;Heartbreaker&quot;. Not to say you should write this one off. Standout tracks include:<BR>&quot;Wild Flowers&quot;, &quot;When The Stars Go Blue&quot; and one of the bonus tracks &quot;The Bar Is A Beautiful Place&quot;. The majority of<BR>the tracks are accessible and radio-friendly rock songs. Not to say that this is a bad thing but<BR>its all been done and overdone before and Mr. Adams is capable of so much more. Perhaps he would do well<BR>to go back to Bloodshot Records and make another record on that fine label. Many people are calling<BR>&quot;Gold&quot; one of the best albums of the year and while that is quite a stretch it is still worth a listen.<BR>I would be much more inclined to praise Son Volt's Jay Farrar for his solo debut &quot;Sebastopol&quot;.<BR>Ryan Adams is one of a handful of truly gifted songwriters however with &quot;Gold&quot; it seems he may be<BR>distancing himself from his country roots and longtime fans while striving to become a mainstream<BR>phenomenon. Music is so much more important than that.
B00003CX95|3.0|Sophie Marceau is wonderful. Patrick MaGoohan as the English king steals this movie. It is a sad day when the only character in a movie who is remotely sympathetic or interesting is the homicidal monarch. But that is most definitely the case here. The rest is just an Australian's diatribe against the English. Well, they can never forget where they came from.<br />This definitely did not deserve the Oscar for Best Picture.<br />The battle scenes are uninspiring - See Kurosawa's &quot;Ran&quot; if you want battles. Or the start of &quot;Gladiator&quot;. And of course to further his anti-English stance, he has to denigrate the character on one of Scotland's true heroes - Robert the Bruce.<br />No this movie is very poor from which ever way you look at it.<br />And then to add insult to injury, it wimps out at the end by not showing him being quartered.
0792846303|5.0|&quot;It is told by the fisherman, and their fathers and grandfathers, that when the fog returns to Antonio Bay, the men at the bottom of the sea will rise up and search for the campfire that led to their dark and icy death.&quot;  So ends the campfire tale told by Mr. Machen (the wonderful John Houseman) that begins John Carpenter's The Fog.  But this is no ordinary ghost yarn to entertain children, it is part history and part prophecy...for as the chruch bell tolls the midnight hour, and the town of Antonio Bay turns one hundred years old, a thick, glowing fog bank forms on the horizon and drifts towards land.<br />The Fog is one of my personal favorite Carpenter films.  It's well written for its kind (low budget horror), well acted by its cast of seasoned character actors, beautifully photographed by Dean Cundy, and director John Carpenter creates more than a few effective set pieces while contributing what may be, in my opinion, one of his finest film scores.<br />One can certainly grumble that the movie is guilty of replicating the cheap scares and story arc of Halloween (anonymous figures lunging through doors, a town haunted by a traumatic event in its past that, on the anniversary of said event, is forced to relive it yet again), but it's a formula that works and The Fog (like Romero's zombie sequels) presents the material in a fresh and invigorating way.  The only flaw I can find in the video is that it is pan and scanned, which spoils some of Carpenter/Cundy's beautiful images (as well as hampering Carpenter's trademarked 'they are sneaking up behind you' shots) the biggest letdown is the great shot of the fog swooping in on and engulfing Stevie Wayne's house.  See this film letterboxed for its full effect.  I have the laserdisc release, but where is that DVD edition MGM/UA has been promising?  Required viewing for horror buffs.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Anyone remotely familiar with film knows & loves The Godfather, truly our American epic.  And having pored through the DVD I can truly say that I feel this is the definitive version of this masterpiece.  OK, as everyone's said here before, #3 stinks, whatever, we know, shaddup.  That isn't the point.  The point is a beautiful widescreen digital picture.  The point is 5.1 digital surround sound.  Those two greatest benefits of the DVD format have allowed me to watch this picture at home in a way I've only been able to approach previously when our local art house deigns to show them on the big screen.  As one would expect, the DVD menus & formatting is very professionally done.  The extras are also stunning, including the Coppola commentaries for all 3 films, a great timeline & geneology of the Corleone family, scenes from the 1977 re-edited version, etc.  I found the documentary & shorts less interesting, but your mileage may vary.  In the end though, if you've always loved these movies but never owned them, this is the way to watch them.  If you've got them on VHS widescreen version & don't have home theater I'd say keep what you have.  If you buy, you're sure not to be disappointed, though a movie with this sort of grandeur really does call for a home theater situation.<br />As far as people being [angry] about not getting that re-edited 1977 version on DVD, I have two things to say.  First, I'm sure it'll hit stores eventually so stop yer whining, and second, for what it's worth I think they're best apart.  The first introduces us to this warped vision of Americana and our primary character, Michael, while the second shows us both the genesis of Vito's legacy and the beautiful parallels between the decisions and actions of the young Vito & Michael as the new Godfather that're lost when they're melded into a linear tale.  So pbbt.
B00005NWRS|5.0|Sure, the album isn't perfect and it could use a bit more editing.   And it definitely isn't another Whiskeytown album (or even another Heartbreaker).  For those people looking for more of the same Ryan Adams, you will probably be disappointed.  <br />Initially I listened to the album with those same expectations and it didn't completely resonate with me.  The next night I saw him perform live in Boston and witnessed an amazing concert.  He shattered my expectations two seconds into &quot;Street Walkin' Blues,&quot; rocking as hard as anyone could.   He blew me away.<br />I came home and gave Gold another listen and heard it though new ears.  Songs like NY, NY, Firecracker, and Street Walkin' Blues are rockers while tunes like Answering Bell draw more upon Adam's country/folk influences.   There are some amazing songs on this album.   Listen with an open mind and you will be rewarded.
0440211727|5.0|John Grishams A Time to Kill is definitely a book of suspense.  It keeps the readers wanting to turn the pages.  The most inhumane crimes have been committed in a southern Mississippi town.  This town is full of racism.  Where the community is 85% blacks.  The Klu Klux Klan is rising from the south once more.  They terrorize home and other people's lives.  A young black girls father takes justice into his own hands by killing the two repulsing men whom brutally raped his ten-year-old daughter.  If you like graphic details and many crucial moments this is the book for you.  One woman determined to prove that \\"all men are created equal\\" drastically changed the outcome of the story.  With all of the determination that Grisham shows throughout his characters it creates a very rational and attention grabbing finale.  I would recommend this book to anyone.  It teaches a great lesson of justice and the cruelty of racism in our world today.
B00004Z459|5.0|I'm sorry to say.....THIS CD IS SWEET! I cannot find a song i do not like on this amazing cd. When i went to Cedar Point with my friends, everyone on the bus wanted to listen to this cd. i had to have them listen to Limp Bizqit to compensate(not a bad cd though).go buy now
0440211727|5.0|John Grishams A Time to Kill is definitely a book of suspense.  It keeps the readers wanting to turn the pages.  The most inhumane crimes have been committed in a southern Mississippi town.  This town is full of racism.  Where the community is 85% blacks.  The Klu Klux Klan is rising from the south once more.  They terrorize home and other peoples lives.  A young black girls father takes justice into his own hands by killing the two repulsing men whom brutally raped his ten-year-old daughter.  If you like graphic details and many crucial moments this is the book for you.  One woman determined to prove that all men are created equal drastically changed the outcome of the story.  With all of the determination that Grisham shows throughout his characters it creates a very rational and attention grabbing finale.  I would recommend this book to anyone.  It teaches a great lesson of justice and the cruelty of racism in our world today.
044022165X|5.0|John Grisham finds the perfect hungry young lawyer in Rudy Baylor. He's smart. He's quick. And he's enthical. Once you pick up this book you'll find it difficult to put down. I read it in two days. Every time I turned the page I would tell myself, &quot;ok, stop after this page,&quot; but it never happened.<br />You'll be right by Rudy's side as he searches for his place in the legal world. John Grisham puts you there with his rivoting words.<br />When you turn the last page and revel in Rudy's glory, you'll want to go right back to the beginning and start again, it's that good.
B0000025RI|4.0|One of the previous reviewers said 'MJ's talents know no bounds.'<BR>Hmmm...... I'd say his talent ends when you get to playing your own instruments, writing your own songs and penning lyrics that are better than Hallmark greeting cards. Don't get me wrong. I love this album, but let's not get too carried away w/ praise for MJ. He's a wonderful dancer and a pretty good singer and that's IT. I mean he's only released FIVE albums since 1979! I'd love to hear some of your comments.<br />Chris
B00005N9CV|2.0|&quot;The Look of Love&quot; is Diana Krall's seventh commercially available CD (eighth if you count her single), and even though she has professed in recent interviews to be exploring new directions, this CD offers no evidence of that. Building nearly every track on top of a gentle, almost somnambulistic bossa-nova beat doesn't make for anything close to a new direction. In fact, this album marks a continuation of the road she traveled with her last effort, &quot;When I Look in Your Eyes&quot; (and to a lesser extent the one before that, &quot;Love Scenes&quot;), toward lush, string-laden arrangements sung in a mostly soft, breathy voice.<br />From the reviews posted here, other fans are as disappointed by this as I am. If you listen very carefully, you can hear a small handful of piano breaks in some of the songs, but that's about it. If you enjoy piano trios, highlighted with jazz guitar, and sung with more body and feeling, trust me, you will find this album to be very unfulfilling. This is especially sad because she showed on &quot;It's All for You&quot;, her breakthrough Cole Trio tribute album, that she has all the piano and vocal chops needed to be an important figure in jazz. There was more than potential there, there was already accomplishment. And in the light of that album, her current efforts seem like nothing more than a squandering of talent.<br />I'm sure there will be plenty of people who will like this album; they may even love it. I'm sure it will sell tremendously. It even sounds beautiful, although her voice is a trifle too-closely miked for my taste (compare the sound of her voice on any of her Verve CDs to \\"Hit the Road to Dreamland\\" from Jane Monheit's &quot;Come Dream with Me&quot;, on a really good system, and you'll hear what I mean). There just isn't much substance here. Very disappointing.
B000056K04|2.0|I REALLY LIKE THE DAVE MATTHEWS BAND, BUT I WAS RATHER DISAPPOINTED WITH EVERYDAY.I ONLY LISTENED TO FIVE TRACKS OF THE CD,I FOUND WHEN THE WORLD ENDS AND DREAMS OF OUR FATHERS SO SO.<BR>IT SEEMS TO ME THAT THERE WAS GOOD INTENT WITH THIS RELEASE BUT IT JUST DOES NOT REALLY DO TO MUCH FOR ME.<BR>THE DAVE MATTHEWS BANDS GREATEST EFFORT SO FAR IN MY OPPINON WAS THE CD CRASH AND THE BEST TRACK ON THAT CD WAS THE PROUDEST MONKEY.
B00004T9UF|2.0|I hated this album the first time I heard it (and that was the EDITED version). But after the Grammy nomintions and my liking of &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;, I decided to give this another chance. Here's my conclusion: While I don't hate this album as much as before, I still wasn't all that impressed. While &quot;Slim Shady&quot; displayed Eminem's mean and vulnerable side, here, we only get his mean side. He tries way too hard to be shocking. (Don't even THINK of buying this for anyone under 16!) Although it has resulted in massive album sales, to me, it doesn't qualify as entertainment.         He starts out in-your-face immediately in &quot;Kill You&quot; and gets very hateful in several tracks in the second half. &quot; 'Oh, now he's raping his own mother! And we just gave him the Rolling Stone cover?' You're damn right!&quot;. Yes, I know he isn't serious, but that doesn't make &quot;Kill You&quot; any fun.                                         A couple of themes were initally funny, then got repetitive. First, his lashing out at the critics and parents. It was very funny in &quot;Who Knew&quot; (&quot;You want me to watch my mouth? How?, take my ... eyeballs out and turn them around?&quot;), but then got annoying in &quot;The Way I Am&quot; and a few other tracks. Also, his dissing of Teen Pop (Britney, 'NSYNC, etc.) was funny in &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;, but got tiresome in &quot;I'm Back&quot; and &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;. The current &quot;Teen Pop&quot; craze has become a joke at times, but the excessive bashing stopped becoming funny and started becoming annoying.                  The best tracks included &quot;Stan&quot;: A great cautionary tale and a storytelling masterpiece about an out-of-control Eminem groupie, and the best track on both albums.                  &quot;Who Knew&quot;: Sarcastic, funny, and a clever answer to disapproving parents.      &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot;: Also funny and cartoony, compared to the rest of thealbum.                                   But then we get more angry tracks, and some forgettable gangsta material with guest spots from Dre, Snoop, Xzibit, and his D12 posse, amongst others. Then we get the 6-minute murder-fest in &quot;Kim&quot;, which does have an excellent background score, but is morally bankrupt. Then it concludes with the sickening &quot;Under the Influence&quot; and the okay &quot;Criminal&quot; with a good bank robbery skit.                    I know he really doesn't endorse the behavior on this album, but this became repetitve and disgusting, not funny and clever like &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot;. I wanted more storytelling, like in &quot;Stan&quot; and less &quot;envelope pushing&quot;. This was not worthy of those Grammys. Hopefully, we'll get a more multi-dimensional Eminem in his next solo effort.
6302787300|5.0|Pros: Cinematography is stylish and very absorbing. Directing by Ridley Scott is very intelligent and polished. Good performances from all cast members. Film score by Vangelis is heavenly and gives the film a boost. Gerard Depardieu brings Christopher Columbus to life. Set designs and costumes are just purely vinatge. About what you'd expect from a film like this set in the 15th century.<br />Cons: Basically a movie almost free from flaws. Depardieu's french accent sounds fine here, but he has trouble pronouncing some of his English words. Though, it's annoying he still does a great job with the role. Vangelis score sometimes is overwhelming during the film, but it suits the film quite well. The film is slow in spots, but what do you expect from a movie based in the 15th century. Life was slow back than, no planes, no cars, just ships.<br />Overall: Besides Gladiator, and Blade Runner, 1492 remains one of Ridley Scott's best looking and most well made films to date. 1492 is a voyage into Christopher Columbus life and times and it really pulls everything off in a fantastic, visually stunning fashion. 1492 is a classic movie, a must own for any Ridley Scott fanatic, and for all historical movie fans.
B00003CXCQ|5.0|What a wonderful movie for grandparents and their grandchildren. We had a wonderful time with a bowl of popcorn and wrapped up in blankets to watch this classic! The color and music was awesome-we had such a terrific time watching and enjoying every moment.
B00005BJPO|5.0|hate to say this, but I miss the old dub.  I actually can't believe that I'm saying that.  I really do prefer the old &quot;Robotech&quot; cast dub of Akira.  Maybe it's because those voices I associate with the characters.  Maybe it's because I know the old script by heart.  I don't know.<br />That's o.k., I can still watch the Japanese language audio track with subtitles.<br />The restoration is great, and the film looks as beautiful as the first time I saw it.  It still holds up, in my book.  Most people in my generation grew up watching G-Force, Star Blazers, and Robotech; not really thinking anything other than they were really complex and different cartoons.  Very few of us were able to get our hands on The Macross Movie or Bubblegum Crisis.<br />Then, in the late '80s came Akira, and we were all introduced to the word &quot;anime&quot;.  To many of us, Akira is what made us start anime clubs and start importing and subtitling tapes to be passed from club to club.  Our underground movement that really got the anime ball rolling for several companies who we have supported (even though some *coughVIZ* *coughADVISION* charge way too much money for a 45 minute disc).  If you haven't seen anime, or Akira; it is like nothing you've seen before.  Akira is why we call it &quot;anime&quot; and not a &quot;cartoon&quot;.
0393314804|5.0|I just finished this yesterday.  This was a GREAT book.  I've finally found a contemporary author whose work I can sink my teeth into.  I've felt that most modern authors seem to get one gimmick and run with it.  This is why I thought Fight Club was disappointing, and everything I've tried to read by Bret Easton Ellis.  But this book, Trainspotting, has some meat - it doesn't try to just get by on the gimmicks of the Scottish accent and heroin addiction.  The accent is difficult at first, but I got used to it in a few pages, and besides, there's a glossary in the back.  The characters are all junkies or recovering junkies or drunks or just plain screwed up, but in the process of listening to them you get some startling and dead-on insights.  You even get a mini-synopsis of Kierkegaard.  I'm not kidding - if you're like me and have been so far disappointed by what passes for modern lit, give this book a go, and you won't go away unhappy. <br />One warning, though - this book is pure nihilism.  I love that sort of thing, but many do not.  There is no rainbow, no higher message, no deeper meaning, no Plan, just the story of people's lives.  It skewers everyone and everything, but I think it calls it like it is.  It doesn't glorify heroin use, but neither does it propagandize against it.  This is just an excellent story, with interesting people saying interesting things, and some great insights into the human condition along the way.  I thank the author for writing this.  I'll be looking for his other books now.
B00004Z459|2.0|Ughh.  They could have been good, but then they tried to be the &quot;Back Street Boys&quot; of nu-metal.  Another reviewer here suggested that this is a good thing.  I guess it would be if you were 13 years old.  They have some really good guitar and melodies that are completely sabotaged by Mike Sinoda singing like a girly-man.
0671812696|4.0|I've read this book again and again for the past 3 years and I've enjoyed it each time. It's dept of character, the smooth writing and captivating plot still engages me.  I was lucky to find a first edition, hardbound, copy after a long search around the world; if ur trying to get a copy and can't find one, don't give up.  This one is worth the wait.  U'll love every minute of it.
B00005B36H|5.0|Well anyone that gave this a bad rating does not know what the hell they are talking about. Aenema was an outstanding cd and i saw them do it in concert, it was good, it was my favorite. Then i bought Lateralus, i though it was excellent, but not quite as good as Aenema, then i saw them peform it in concert and it was one of the greatest experiences of my life. Lateralus is definatly the best cd i've ever bought, i would recomend it to anyone. Best tool cd, hands down
044022425X|5.0|Contines the excellent tale of Jamie and Claire started in the  superb Outlander.  If you are new to Gabaldon, start there but keep reading.  Unlike many series which falter as time goes on, Gabaldon's writing holds up over time.  Can't recommend this series highly enough.
0792156684|1.0|The only thing that could have made this movie watchable is if Leonardo DiCaprio's character had died before the ship left the harbor.  It's a good thing that women find him attractive, because he will not be able to support himself on his acting ability alone.<br />The movie was a melodramatic mess.  The characters were just cutouts, two dimentional and without depth.  I felt no sympathy for any of them when the boat went down, just a sense of relief that this long winded tear jerker was almost over.<br />Lowest common denominator story-telling at its finest.<br />I'm really saddened that Cameron would unleash this &quot;disaster&quot; on us.  He's done some really entertaining work, Aliens and True Lies come to mind.  Maybe now that he's gotten obscenely wealthy off of this flick, he'll go back to writing and directing deeper films.
B000002J1F|3.0|After being completely blown away by CLOSE TO THE EDGE, I decided to go out and buy another Yes album to see how their other LPs sound.  Unfortunately, while containing some fine moments, FRAGILE definitely lives up to its title.  It is the predecessor to CLOSE TO THE EDGE after all (it was released a few months before in 1972), but that's no excuse.  In reviewing this, I have divided it into three sections: the great songs, the &quot;solo&quot; pieces, and the throwaway tracks.<br />The Great Songs:<br />&quot;Roundabout&quot;--An 8-minute jam session featuring some stunning musicianship and lots of energy.  Proves that progressive rock doesn't need to be all artsy and serious all the time.  Became the band's biggest hit of the decade.<br />&quot;South Side of the Sky&quot;--A bit of a surprise, since it shows Yes really rocking out.  In fact, this is as close to a heavy metal tune as Yes would ever get.  Rick Wakeman's grand piano solo is very beautiful and haunting...it could've been used in a horror movie.<br />&quot;Heart of the Sunrise&quot;--The album's closing 10-minute opus which paves the way for Yes' longer epics on subsequent albums.  Great vocals from Jon Anderson on this one.<br />The &quot;Solo&quot; Pieces:<br />Out of the five short solo pieces, Steve Howe's reflective acoustic number &quot;Mood for a Day&quot; is the best, with Jon Anderson's catchy &quot;We Have Heaven&quot; coming in at a close second.  Chris Squire's &quot;The Fish&quot; is a bit of a disappointment, Wakeman's &quot;Cans and Brahms&quot; is pretty unnecessary, and do I really need to mention Bill Bruford's &quot;Five Per Cent for Nothing?&quot;<br />The Throwaway Tracks (only one):<br />&quot;Long Distance Runaround&quot;--Another big hit off this album, and it's by far the worst.  Not one of my favorites.<br />FRAGILE is basically a very mixed and uneven effort.  Hopefully the next Yes album I get is better, but for right now, skip this one and buy the far superior CLOSE TO THEEDGE.
6305311463|1.0|This is one of the worst movies I have ever seen.<br />Anybody who admits to enjoying it should be regarded with deep suspicion.<br />I'm used to having to &quot;Suspend my Disbelief&quot; when watching a movie, but this is ridiculous. It is totally implausible, has no plot to speak of, incredibly inept direction (what's with the zooming so close to someone's face that it cuts the top of their head off IN EVERY SCENE), wooden acting, forgettable throwaway lines, not to mention the fact that a comet or asteroid would be mostly eroded flat and not look like some piece of abstract Waterford crystal.<br />Please stop Michael Bay before he directs again.
067144901X|5.0|I read to my 3 month old even though she is a bit young for books, and she loves the rhythmic sounds of this book (and all the other Sandra Boynton books). She likes to touch and coo at the pictures too. I'm sure this will be a favorite for a long time!
B00005NI5Y|5.0|This time Bob Dylan has made an even better album than &quot;Time out of mind&quot;. The song are all (and I mean all!) easy to listen to and with lyrics that keeps your mind working. The band that support Bob Dylan is so well playing that you almost can hear the joy they had making the album. SUPER IN ALL ASPECTS!
B000002MFQ|5.0|A genius masterpiece ! I`ve heard it for more than 1000 times and every time, I get &quot; Duck-skin&quot;? Unbelievable music ! Listen to this &quot; Best-ever&quot; music, since the beggining of mankind !
B00000JCOV|1.0|Ok im not going to write a bad review on slip, though I cant stand them but thats not the point. Just to let you know one thing, dear people slipknot is not metal they will never be metal, why you ask? Because slip doesnt have lead solos and why they dont is because their guitarists arent very good and cant play them, all they can play are power chords, which means just noisy guitar.  However they have a good drummer but he belongs in a real metal band like danzig or something. Oh and when you rap that has nothing to do with metal, but hey enjoy the album its fine if you like slipknot but just dont consider them metal just because MTV and the radio says they are, because they arent,its just rap&rock mix, nothing more and nothing less.  It misses everything metal has to offer, know that just because something is heavy doesnt just make it metal. <br />...
B00005N9CV|5.0|This is it : the best jazz cd of the year! Great!
B000002B7M|5.0|OZZY IS GOD!! anyone who likes heavy metal, sabbath, metallica will love this cd
B00000J7J7|1.0|This is really poor CD, Mehldau actually has a very poor touch on the piano and quite a poor general technique. Also, he's a pretty boring improvisor with very few ideas, side from playing up and down the scales with little invention.<br /> The review below  ,claiming him to be the 'best jazz pianoist ever' is talking nonsense. He's not even a good pianoist.<br /> I would like to say more ,unfortunately theres nothing to say about this CD except not to get it. <BR>I really don't advise you to buy this or any other mehldau CD's <BR>I took my copy back to the shop.
B0000029LG|5.0|I say HIStory is my favorite album from Michael Jackson, simply because it is a survival of his personal trials of the last few years. The album has a feel of 'you didn't break me, I am still here'. ::Dangerous is my favorite album musically::<br />The first disc is his hits on one album. Not surprised to see Beat It, Thriller or Billie Jean on it; however I am surprised that Smooth Criminal was not on there. I just assumed that it would be there because of the short film for the song when it was released way back when. All in All, a good collection though.<br />Disc two was the new music. I must admit that I was a little worried about the album before it was released. Simply because of the personal trials Mr Jackson was going through. I didn't know how that would effect the music. I thought it would be all anger and hurt songs. Well it more or less is but not to the effect that I thought it would.<br />Scream...a duet with sister Janet. Fantastic way to start of the cd, with collaboration with Jam and Lewis. A song for all of those naysayers and bullies!! Which makes everyone want to scream!!<br />They Don't Care About Us...a song about injustice. I bought the cd before the revised version (due to anti Semitic). I think Michael and Sony should have just left the track alone. I'm sure Jackson put it in for publicity but in the long run, anyone who 'knows' what Michael Jackson is about...he wasn't saying it to dog people.<br />Stranger In Moscow...is one of my favorites off the HIStory cd. A track about being lonely. Nice song if you listen to the lyrics and if you have seen the video (video was beautifully done as well).<br />This Time Around...another favorite of mine. A song about moving on and not taking the naysaying anymore. A little bit of a 'hard' track musically.<br />Earth Song...a nice song, a beautiful video. A Heal the World-ly type song.<br />D.S. and Money....my least favorite on the album.<br />Come Together...Beatles track, of course if you're a MJ fan you'd know that this track was actually done around Bad. Video(?!?) is on the Moonwalker VHS tape. I enjoy his version of the song.<br />You Are Not Alone...nice track, R Kelly collaboration. A love ballad nonetheless. The video was beautifully done with the exception of the wings at the end...I believe we are all 'angels' but it was just a little too much Michael. ;-)<br />Childhood...is another favorite of mine from the cd. I can really relate to the track. A song about a lost childhood. The video was nice as well. The song can also be found on Free Willy 2 soundtrack.<br />Tabloids Junkie...I can live with or without the track. About the tabloids and the info the dish out (true or not...none of their or our business). I find it funny though, how some fans are so against tabloids and yet in their own little way create rumors and tabloids garbage. Evidently they aren't listening so why should anyone else?<br />2Bad...about naysayers failing to bring Michael down. Enjoy the track very much.<br />HIStory...this track had to grow on me. Simply because the two extremes he goes to. Rock to ballad and back to rock, etc. Moreorless the song is about every day we are creating history.<br />Little Susie...an eerie and sad song about a little girl who is neglected. I 'like' the track. Whenever I listen to the song, for some reason I picture Schindler's List and the little girl Mr. Schindler see on the streets...the little girl that is highlighted in pink/red. It's odd because they are both of a different story line.<br />Smile...I love the original version of the song but Michael does a pretty good job on it as well!! &quot;Smile though your heart is aching...&quot;<br />All and all a great piece of work. Well done Michael. I cannot wait for the new one to drop on the 30th of October 2001. I will be the first in line!! :-)
B00003CXWV|5.0|Make no mistake about it.  I am a Johnny Depp fan.  He tends to portray complex, entertaining characaters and in Blow, he does not disappoint.  The supporting cast members were excellent and more importantly, they were totally believable.  Depp does an incredible job of portraying an individual that gets caught up in making money the easy &quot;illegal&quot; way.  I am glad that the movie did not have a glamorous ending so people will not think there is an actual pot of gold at the end of the rainbow.  This film is rather long so I advise against watching it while you are exhausted.  All in all, this is an excellent flick.
B00003CXSP|2.0|its a shame with all the talent making this movie , that it fell apart so fast , there were to many scenes that didnt really seem to connect well , to many subplots going on that didnt seem to come to satisfying conclusions . the ending was all wrong . to bad it could have been great
B00004T37H|5.0|With an adaptation by Neil Gaimon how could this miss?..Well done dialogue with a minimum of that odd girl giggling usual to japanese anime.  The artwork was also excellent with some refreshingly new ideas in the psychopomp themes. A moral theme but not amiss in this day of techno vs the ecologic.
B00003Q43A|3.0|This is a movie that is fun and funny the first time you see it.  But after that, it is just plain stupid.  I thought dvd would help the film, but sorry to say it does not.  If you have already seen this film, then forget about it.  It is not worth buying.
0060934913|4.0|If only for the tips on what essential kitchen equipment the novice chef should outfit her kitchen with, this is a good book to read. There are many good pointers for those of us who love to cook and for those of us who love to dine out. Unfortunately, there is also alot of arrogance, self agrandization and an ego that can hardly be contained on the pages to contend with. This was a quick and entertaining read that showed alot of the behind the scenes action in the restaurant business, however, having been involved somewhat in this industry, there are many things written in this book that I take issue with. Add that with a blatant bad mouthing of other celebrity chefs,(particularly one who is dear to me and my city) this book left a faint bad taste in my mouth. However, even with all the ego, misrepresentations and over the top lanuguage this is one heck of a good read. If you love good food, this is a book for you.
0140177396|5.0|I hadn't read any Steinbeck in years, none as an adult, and had never read &quot;Of Mice and Men&quot;.  Read it in one sitting and really enjoyed it.  Beautiful, descriptive writing, wonderful characters you really care about and a sad, poignant story.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Amazingly Dylan.<br />Everytime I listen to a Dylan, I am amazed by his capacity to write, and to interpret other's music.<br />Though he is long from his days of fame and notoriety as one of America's spokesmen, he still remains a powerful messenger.<br />Here he has a verve to his songs. While &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot; had a masterful mournful thing going on, Dylan demonstrates he has the energy and fire of a 20 year-old. And, like his various (and very underrated) Christian albums, he has an almost-blues thing going on.<br />It is a tough album to swallow, though. Takes some getting used to. Most of the songs won't garner pop-music's 'play-it-a-hundred-times-an-hour' radio play. Nor will any of the songs have that syrupy perfect product sound. These will grow on you, just as &quot;Time Out of Mind&quot; did. You'll like it.<br />I fully recommend &quot;Love and Theft.&quot;<br />Anthony Trendl
B000034D2H|5.0|Although I have never heard of the reader on this cd, he's great!  The true mellow English accent creates the true &quot;Dickens&quot; feel to the reading.  The reader is very, very good at changing voices (i.e.: from Scrooge's voice to that of Mrs. Cratchit).  Patrick Stewart's version is very good--but this is far better.  You won't be disappointed.
0694515302|5.0|Read this book before any other.  It will give the information you need to build your business and how not to become a slave to it.<br /> If you are already stuck in a business, this book will help you see the light at the end of the tunnel.<br /> If you follow this book you will be on your way to less headaches and financial freedom.
1587990717|5.0|This book is a must read for all investors however sophisticated they think they might be. In Fooled by Randomness, Nassim Taleb sheds light on an aspect of investing that very few players are ready to acknowledge for fear it would deal a massive blow to their egos: Lady Fortuna, the role that pure luck plays in any investment performance. It is an essential reality check for those who are so obsessed with return that they forget about its inescapable companion, risk. Taleb is a master at illustrating complex mathematical concepts with very simple images that anybody can understand. Take the powerful image of the Russian Roulette: You don't need a PhD to immediately grasp the concept of alternative histories and realise that you have to judge a performance by the cost of the alternative rather than just the most favorable outcome. In addition to being very informative, this book makes for very entertaining reading. I recommend it wholeheartedly.
B00003CXAA|5.0|Hey everyone, let me just say that The Godfather DVD Collection is a most own! It's unbelievable, I absolutely love it! I've never seen The Godfather 2 &amp; 3 but I've seen the first one. The first time I saw The first Godfather was in my uncles car while my cousins, uncle and myself were driving up to Laughlin, Nevada. My uncle has a VCR in his Expedition so we decided to take The Godfather, because it was just about a 3-hour movie, which was perfect (the road trip was 3 hours long). So I've seen the first Godfather during spring break of 2001 and it was great. I plan to watch the whole DVD Collection with my cousin David this weekend (he hasn't bought it yet so he wants me to go over his house this weekend because he wants to see it). Sorry people I sort of got off topic there. What I'm really trying to say is BUY IT! BUY IT! BUY IT!
0375703861|4.0|I read Zadie Smith's WHITE TEETH because my 17-yr old English granddaughter had found it &quot;inspiring&quot; and I was curious as to why she found it so.  I have not discussed this with her, nor can I guess, offhandedly, just what struck her about this first novel by a young, black, Oxbridge woman.  But I would venture to say that Smith's voice was clearest and most poignant in her handling of the young generation.  Characters such as Irie, Millat, Majid and Joshua would have been brilliantly familiar to her.  Familiar, perhaps, not in detail, but familiar, certainly, in all their anxieties and frustrations, whether at school or at home, and in their language and relationship to one another.<br />How does Smith handle this complex problem of becoming oneself?  She becomes their &quot;Lenny Bruce.&quot;  With her insistent foul language, and insistence that everything should be brought out into the open, she has done in her novel, what Lenny Bruce tried to do in his comedy shows - rid them of their fears of offending society.  Of being in the wrong.  Of allowing words to become charged with prejudice and &quot;dark&quot; associations.  Of being overwhelmed by these associations.  In short, of being overwhelmed by society.<br />Hers is a powerful voice for the young.  It is a bringing together.  And one hopes that her insights remain clear.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I always liked the song &quot;Criminal,&quot; but I foolishly ignored Fiona--thinking she was a Maya Angelou-quoting teenybopper trying too hard to be deep.  I COULD NOT have been more wrong!  I bought this album at the advice of a friend who knows my taste in music and knew I'd love it.  I was floored by the skill and poetry of Fiona's writing.  How emotional it was without being excessive or flowery. Not to mention the musical arrangement.  She is as brilliant as her piercing eyes.  Since buying &quot;When the Pawn...&quot; I went back and bought Tidal, which is also great.  <br />A MUST buy
630438551X|5.0|This is one of my absoulute favourite movies! Leonardo DiCaprio is also one of my favourite actors!!! This movie rocks, It has everything I like, love, drama, comedy, action, Leonardo DiCaprio! Everything! The soundtrack to this movie is also absoulutly astonishing! Romeo + Juliet is a must see in my opinion.
B000005Z0E|4.0|I bought this album off the strength of the first single,&quot;Brenda's Got A Baby&quot;. Tupac assumes the position of the observant storyteller, crafting and weaving an intimate tale of neglect, sexual abuse of a young girl who takes to the streets to fend for herself.  The background singers, emphasis lead by Roniece and a then unheard of vocalist Dave Hollister {of Blackstreet fame and then as a solo artist}, as they wail and moan on the track make the song all the more haunting.  Another favorite, &quot;Part Time Mutha,&quot; again, Tupac resumes his storytelling about a negligent, crack-addicted mother.  His ability to show you his pain, his vulnerability, his truth made himone of the greatest poest of all time.  It also made him legendary.  Other cuts on the album are so-so, but those two shine!
B00005A46T|3.0|Slipknot should have stayed with the awsome style of music they had in thier first album..I dont know what happened when they made this.  I know Cory was thinking of leaving slipknot, I think he should, he has a cool voice.
B00000K0DT|5.0|I rented this movie as a recommendation from a friend, as well as from the reviews.  At first, I couldn't follow the movie, it seemed a little too confusing.  It wasn't until an hour until the movie that it began to make sense in my mind, and then the ending hit me in the face-AND that's where my mind began to backtrack and all the other parts of the movie came together.  How it seemed a bumbling, crippled fool pulled the wool over four other unsuspecting crooks' eyes as well as the police force.  And walks away clean.  Not to mention a $91M fortune.  Not bad for an idiot!  Kevin Spacey is convincing, and brilliant!
B000003BEV|4.0|this is the strangest rolling stones record by a long shot. sometimes people ridicule the stones psychedelic music, but songs like child of the moon, have you seen your mother baby?, dandelion, etc. were actually quite special. this is not one of their best albums, but it is still very good. gomper is a rather annoying eastern styled, sitar driven cut, and the long version of sing this all together is quite boring. the rest of this works however. on with the show is the sort of thing you might hear in a casino at some resort, it has some calypso sounds and jagger puts on a humorous  club announcer voice. the lantern is a pretty good ballad. she's a rainbow and 2,000 light years from home, the two best known numbers are both psychedelic classics. the eerie and surreal in another land is a bill wyman sung tune, it's nice to hear his voice instead of mick's for a change of pace. and the song is another fine psychedelic track. as is 2000 man, a witty futuristic cut (in terms of subject matter, not so much in terms of the actual music) with strong lyrics from jagger, who i feel is sometimes overlooked and compared unfavorably to some of his contemporaries when it comes to songwriting. this album is flawed in places, but it still should be in every stones fan's  or 60's rock fan's collection. it can't compare with their awesome 1968-1972 lp's , but it is still fine.
B0000256VK|5.0|Roxy Music has always had the world's greatest publicist. Roxy Music has been credited with starting almost every type of music style from the seventies and eighties. But they didn't create progressive rock. Genesis, King Crinsom and Deep Purple (yes, early Deep Purple was progressive) all came earlier. They didn't create Art Rock (Yes and Emerson, Lake and Palmer came first). They didn't create glam rock or glitter rock (David Bowie, Iggy Pop and Alice Cooper all predated them). And they didn't create punk or new wave (that all came out of New York). And Brian Eno didn't even create electonica. He coined the term Ambient music, but he was following the lead of many before him (especially the style coming out of Germany).<br />Roxy Music has mostly been a follower. Their early albums were hit and miss and sometimes sounded dated. But, they did put out some great songs, did innovate to some extent and were constantly maturing and evolving.<br />In this album they take in many of the influences of the time (1982). The structure and feel is a lot like the Police's Ghost In the Machine, which came out a year earlier. They incorporate the disco/dance sound of the times. They borrow from Pink Floyd and others.<br />They end up with a stunning album. Except for a needless instrumental (which isn't that bad) every track is excellent. It all has a dark, brooding sound, while being lively and enegetic at the same time. It is the only Roxy Music album that is consistently strong throughout. And best of all, it rarely relies on Ferry's formulatic song style (repeated one linechoruses).<br />About half of this album sounds like it could be a Brian Ferry solo album. There are many tracks that could have easily fit on Ferry's album Boys and Girls, which he put out shortly after Roxy Music disbanded.
B000058983|3.0|i'm sorry, but this doesn't belong in the same company as sgt. pepper or pet sounds the way the superlative reviews here suggest. it's not even close. was it ground-breaking? if so, it's because of the personnel, not the music. it does not contain the social commentary of zappa or the doors, nor is it as musically ingenious, complex and satisfying as pepper or pet sounds or are you experienced. lyrically it's vapid, full of the hippie-dippie nonesense of the era. there's not one tune that really stands out. i give it three stars because it makes for pleasant background music. but there's a reason that this cd, and this band, is relatively unknown, and it's not because the masses couldn't appreciate it. it's because they recognized it for what it was worth.
B00003CXP1|5.0|I first saw this movie as part of Drug Awareness week here at the university.  I entered the theater expecting a good movie...as the credits rolled, I found myself staring at the screen, my chest aching and my hands shaking.  I am not exaggerating.  This is the most intense, emotional film I have ever seen.  Aronofsky is brilliant.  Ellen Burstyn gives the most powerful monologue on film.  The DVD is a must as it contains commentary from both he and directory of photography Matthew Labatique.
B000002UAX|5.0|Although I was born about 9 months after this was released, I've done lots of reading about the events of the late 1960s.  To me, the year 1968 (the year of this album's release), is the most intriguing and perhaps the watershed year of that era.  RFK, Martin Luther King, the Soviets putting down the Czechoslavakian experiment with greater freedom, the war in Vietnam, the drug/psychedelic counterculture...lots was going on all at once and society was undergoing tremendous change.  Evocative of this global atmosphere, there's a sense of imminence with this album - a sense that something important is about to happen, maybe is already happening.  To this day, I get chills listening to the songs from this album - and I listen to this album a lot!<br />George Martin, the Beatles' producer, once said that this album would have been one of the best records of all time if they'd cut off certain songs, kept only the best and made a single album with what was left.  I've thought about this and I can think of maybe 4 songs (out of 30) - these being &quot;Revolution 9&quot;, &quot;Why Don't We Do It In The Road&quot;, &quot;Piggies&quot;, and &quot;Don't Pass Me By&quot; - that could have been left off the album.  But there are many others who would not be able to live without these songs...Even I would be loath to cut these as they are part of the experience of this album...(Actually, I used to cut out Revolution 9 and replace it with another song from 1968, the gem single &quot;Hey Jude&quot;...but have since reverted to the original track listing...).<br />Highlights on this album?  Almost all of the songs on this album are highlights...Some favorites include &quot;Back In The USSR&quot; - a real &quot;potboiler&quot; as George Martin once called it with a neat Beach Boys influenced chorus; &quot;Dear Prudence&quot; exquisite lyrics and multilayered instrumentation, building to climax; &quot;Obladi-Oblada&quot; - loathed by John Lennon and George Harrison - to me is great fun and has some nice backup harmonies; &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps&quot; is one of the most beautifully written George Harrison songs and features guitar solos from Eric Clapton;  &quot;Blackbird&quot; and &quot;Mother Nature's Son&quot; are two beautifully crafted Paul McCartney acoustic guitar numbers;  &quot;Revolution&quot;, in its slow version is an extremely provocative song - more great words from John Lennon;  &quot;Savoy Truffle&quot; has a rocking feel to it - it's George Harrison's playful swipe at Eric Clapton's penchant for eating sweets; &quot;Cry Baby Cry&quot; is another John Lennon classic and with wonderful, descriptive lyrics and beautifully played by the Beatles as a whole.<br />In all, this entire album is extremely well played by the Fab Four.  Some have said that this was basically a collection of solo Beatles songs with the other members playing backup...But to me it sounds extremely unified - they never sounded better.  ESSENTIAL TO ANY POPULAR MUSIC COLLECTION!!!
B00005NI5Y|3.0|The music, lyrics, and arrangements are wonderful, but Dylan's voice is like fingernails on a blackboard.  His voice has become a tortured croak that could not be less appropriate for the witty, airy songs that dominate the album.  <br />I still play Bob Dylan's first album bought 40 years ago and I hope he keeps writing forever, but someone else should do the singing.
B0000542DJ|5.0|By in large most of the criticism of JFK is based on Oliver Stones' use of poetic lisence to rewrite the events of October 22, 1963. Personally, I find for better or worse the most plausible explainations surrounding the JFK assassination to be found in Gerald Posner's brilliant book, &quot;Case Closed&quot;. Whether you want to believe it or not, 90% or more of the findings in the Warren Commission's report are irrefutable. Yes, there are many unanswered questions, and JFK the movie sheds little or almost no light on these. But, that does not take away from the stunning artistic value of this great motion picture.<br />Stone treats the entire story, start to finish almost as a Hitchcock thriller. Sure we know where the story is heading and of course there is no surprise ending. So how does he keep us intrigued for two solid hours? How do we remain transfixed on the characters; Osewald, Ruby, Clay Shaw, Jim Garrison and others? Simplely put this project was flawlessly cast, expertly edited, well written and masterfully directed. <br />Oliver Stone has made some great movies, The Doors, Wall Street, Platoon and Natural Born Killers to name a few. But, JFK will remain his masterpiece. Forget the historical incorrectness. Don't get hung up on the conflicting information from the Warren Commission and other sources. It's easy to dismiss this flim as inaccurate or half-truth. It is however, much harder to dispute the artisic value found here. This is simply one hell of a movie.
B00004YZFR|4.0|I saw this when it first came out in 1970(?), but barely remembered it. With all the rave reviews, when I found a DVD copy for $9 at the local used bookstore, I grabbed it. I can't add anything to the other reviewers who have praised this film. The restoration is exceptional (and the DVD extra that shows/explains the restoration process is very good). Watching the fear and apprehension envelop Mick Jagger on the Altamont stage is chilling. If Woodstock was the dream come true, this is the nightmare. Mick says (when things get rowdy while singing &quot;Sympathy For The Devil&quot;) something to the effect that &quot;Something always happens when we do this song.&quot; Quite an ominous or even prophetic word.
B000000OQF|5.0|When I first turned on Appetite For Destruction by the time I got to 31 seconds into Welcome To The Jungle I knew the world would never be the same again.<BR>     Appetite has everything to offer, hard edge metal at it's best, sleazy stories of sex, and tons of rauchyness (the songs talk about drugs and sex hints the Parental Advisory!).  Slash is one of the if not the greatest guitarist ever!!  Axl Rose is one of the best singer/frontman ever ranking with the likes of James Hetfeild of Metallica, and Mic Jagger of The Rolling Stones.  Duff, Izzy, and Steven make up their part too as the album progresses.  <BR>     Guns N' Roses could never top the greatness of Appetite but they made some of the best d*** albums ever.  Guns N' Roses and Metallica (in my point of view) are tied for the best metal bands ever!<BR>     My picks for the album are:  Welcome To The Jungle, It's So Easy, Nightrain, Mr. Brownstone, Paradise City, My Michelle, Think About You, Sweet Child O' Mine (the best),  You're Crazy, and Rocket Queen.  Definitly Buy this album!! Nothing will ever top it ever no matter how great!
0792153294|5.0|ARMAGEDDON may have gotten most of the glory at the box office, but for me DEEP IMPACT was the better &quot;space-rock&quot; disaster film of 1998.  It had more humanity, a sense of awe and fear, a far more realistic plot, and better acting.<br />The space rock in this case is a seven mile-wide comet on a collision course with our planet.  A joint US/Russian team, led by Robert Duvall, is given the unenviable task of drilling nuclear bombs into the comet to either destroy it or send it off course.  Their attempt is only partly successful, and creates a new problem--two different pieces on the same course, one a mile and a half, the other five miles.  Either one would strike with enough power to create an Extinction Level Event.<br />Director Mimi Leder, who made her feature film debut with THE PEACEMAKER in 1997 and directed numerous episodes for the TV series &quot;E.R.&quot;, keeps the focus on human issues, which makes the final destruction scenes truly awesome.  Morgan Freeman makes for one of the better film presidents of recent times, and James Horner's score is extremely well done.  Duvall, of course, is as fine in his role as any he has ever done; he is one of those actors that can often be relied upon in virtually anything.<br />One of the best pure science fiction movies of the last ten years, DEEP IMPACT is more than a standard-issue disaster flick, and it is leaps and bounds ahead of ARMAGEDDON as a movie in general.
B00005OAIE|5.0|After being reccomended to John Mayer by a friend, I've fallen in love with the music.  Obviously the reviewer was mistaken in his account of this CD.  While Dave Matthews and John Mayer reamin somewhat comparable, I believe them to be very different, especially from DMB's newer work.  This guy has pure genius poring from him and I reccommend you get a piece of it.  Highly reccommended.
B00005AXEL|5.0|Always one of my fav rock songstresses, Stevie shows incredible maturity and depth on this long awaited album. I'll admit I had to listen twice to really love it, but I never hear everything the first time anyway. This album proves that you don't have to be a kid to make a great album. Rock on, Stevie.
B00004VW0V|5.0|I have to admit, I liked the song Foreigner Suite when I first heard it, but I didn't love it. With this, you HAVE to listen to it a few times, especially if you were expecting his &quot;tillerman&quot; sound to come out of it. Now, I LOVE IT!!! Again, I didn't like How Many Times and 100 I Dream at first either, and now I love them too. This might be the kind of album some have to get used to, but it's certainly worth it to give it a few listens.
B000002A73|5.0|Amused to Death is a very well written album both musicaly and lyricaly.Roger Water's harsh and true feelings about us as a human race politaly, are heard throuh this album. Roger explains to the listener how we have become so amused by our televisions, through war and politics, that if anythig were to happen to us we would all be around our TV's. In today's crises with the reasent horrifiying events in New york, and in the past with the Gulf War, Roger's thoughts are true! Perfect Sence part 1 &amp; 2, I think personaly is Roger's best work yet. Those songs are very moving and are fantastic to listen to!The album makes you feel good, sad, and it makes you think! And Roger Waters may be the best lyric writer of all time! This album is a classic, and if you like Roger's music with Pink Floyd this album will top it!
B000005J56|5.0|If you've never heard Cuban musicians, like I hadn't before hearing BVSC, you need to buy this CD. Eventhough you probably won't know what the talented old men are singing (unless you speak Spanish) you'll know it sounds good. It has a vintage and pure sound that can only come from masters of their craft. Buy this CD and be happy.
B00005A46T|5.0|This album has to be one of the best albums this year!<BR>I saw these guys live at the POA tour with System of a Down.<BR>These guys play good live and the album is going to be a classic.<BR>This album kicks a$$.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|Mulan is a wonderful story of a young woman who sacrifices her life to save her Father and her family. Along the way she learns that she can do anything she sets her mind to do.  Both my daughter (age 5) and son (age 2) love this movie and I always remind them they can do anything and be anything if they just try their best.<br />This is not a typical Disney movie with a Princess being saved by a Prince.  Disney missed their mark on this movie.  Disney had a chance to market a heroine and strong female role model to young girls of all ages and instead they still back their princesses.  Tell me, does anyone know a real Cinderella or Snow White?  Wouldn't you rather know Mulan?
B00005N9CV|4.0|Over the past few years I have become a big fan of Diana Krall.She is both a tremendously talented jazz vocalist and pianist.In the past I have seen her numerous times in concert and have seen her perform much of her latest material.Yet, I was really surprised by the style and sound of her new CD, &quot;The Look of Love&quot;.If you were looking to hear a sound alike sequel to her grammy winning, best selling album, &quot;When I Look Into Your Eyes&quot;, you are in for a very big shock.Gone is the small band sound with Diana's jazz piano playing out front in the mix.Instead Diana treats us to a very subdued, vocals album which is heavily orchestrated, with many of the songs given a bossa nova touch. It greatly sounds like Diana is emmulating the Sinatra concept albums of the late fifties and early sixties.In fact when I first heard this album, the first thing that came to mind was the classic album, &quot;Francis Albert Sinatra &amp; Antonio Carlos Jobim&quot;. When I later looked at the credits of these two albums, I found out that they were both arranged and conducted by the same person, Claus Ogerman.I have to admit, that this CD threw me for a curve, when I first heard it. This album sounds like nothing she's done before.It took repeated listenings for this new sound to grow on me... but it did! It is like a fine wine that you need to acquire a taste for. Highlights include a wonderful, &quot;S'Wonderful&quot; and a fantastically, sexy version of &quot;Cry Me A River&quot;.My only real complaints with this album is that the orchestration is a little heavy handed and I wish I could have heard more of Diana's piano. Still, it's a good CD, which I would recommend you give a chance!
0783225970|4.0|was it as good as paul munis i dont know i never saw that one but this one is quite good watch for that infamous chainsaw scene that some people just cant get enough of
B00005B4GU|5.0|Radiohead, from what I can tell, doesn't focus on any specific style for too long. I have all but their first album and I get the feeling that each time they walk into the studio, they have a real reason t come back, to do something that they didn't do on thier last album. Amnesiac is actually from the same sessions as Kid A. Alright. You can tell, but by removing these tracks from Kid A, they made one heck of a concept album and this extremely different collection of well... different types of music. Some rock, some jazz, some things that sound like they came out of some experimental DJ machine. It comes out being your promised guitar pop album but you get a little extra. Be thankful for it. If these songs had all the extra &quot;spice&quot; removed, it would be... well... boring if not stupid.<BR>Take it. Like it. &quot;Shove it in your mouth&quot;<BR>Wait. I hope nobody takes that the wrong way... &lt;:\
B00003CXA2|3.0|two words overrated or is that 1 well anyway i guess this movie isnt so terrible it just doesnt appeal to me
0783229526|3.0|As I said, Johnny Depp is hilarious in here. I had a good laugh, with the way he talks and the cigarette in his mouth and the stupidities he says. But anyways, I guess the best way to enjoy this movie is by being stoned, which I was not when I saw it.
6305922756|4.0|this movie is laugh out loud funny done by rob riener or legendary meat head if it was on a scale of 1 to 10 i would have to give this movie 11 \\"does that make it better\\" \\"well yes its one better isnt it\\" smell the glove is a great album \\"you ask how much blacker could this be and the answer is none\\" just see it its funny...
B00005B74X|5.0|Great-sounding restoration of the classic LP with 6 alternate takes of the album's best tracks that, if anything, are better than the released versions. Booklet includes original LP artwork but no notes.
0790729725|5.0|if martin scorses made any more movies about gangsters we would have well more movies about gangsters done by martin scorses but seriously folks if this movie isnt great its well um well its great lets put it like that but dont forget mean streets or raging bull of course taxi driver and casino were a bit over rated but what the hell they were good
0553106635|3.0|I enjoyed the complexity, depth, and unpredictability, but Martin did a poor job tying up plot threads.  The thought provoking epilogue didn't compensate enough for the dissatifying ending.  I am looking forward to the 4th book.
B00000IQC8|4.0|this movie is the funniest thing i have ever seen i cant get enough of it this movie puts a new perspective on filmmaking there have been other funnier but i havent seen em
0792833201|5.0|Many movies please your sense of horror with characters getting graphically sliced to ribbons with knives and chainsaws, but Poltergeist was different.  While it had action, adventure, and special affects far ahead of it's time including a stange giant spider like creature with a long neck guarding the bedroom door made out of mist, it dove into psycological terror.  What happens when you die?  What if you are not ready to move on?  Although the strange events start out as harmless and almost comical, including a pyramid of chairs while the camera was only turned for seconds, they soon escalte to deadly preportion like a giant tree outside waiting to eat small children.  The visuals are incredible (although, due to flashing lights, it is not recomened to watch this movie in the dark)and the costumes, make-up, and props were all fantastic.  Humor (although sometimes very dark) is present throughout the entire move, which, to me, is the perfect mix.  Humor and Horror.  One of the scariest movies you have ever seen, and take it from me.  It was the first movie that actually made me terrified of my bedroom.  (indeed, I have a clown that closly resembles the terrifying clown on the chair...)  A great movie, none the less, you will be so pleased at yourself to have bought it.
B00003CY0V|4.0|This movie should be considered an action powerhouse.<BR>From the beginning to the end I was at the edge of my seat wondering what the next move would be. It follows in the tradition of some of the new fast paced action thrillers of the 90(ie.Speed and The Matrix). Its worth the money, just remember to take your bathroom break and get your popcorn before the start because you don't want to miss a second of this action thriller
B000001EL3|5.0|a great KISS album , the album <BR>who invented the ballads - the song beth<BR>and continued the rock &amp; roll anthems - d.r.c , g.o.t<BR>(you'll know someday.....)<BR>great stuff - buy
B00004XONN|5.0|OK...let me first say that Kid A was the first Radiohead album I've bought and apart from the big hits (&quot;Creep&quot;, &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;, &quot;Karma Police&quot;) I hadn't heard much Radiohead. So unlike many reviewers, the Radiohead I have fallen in love with is the &quot;new&quot; sound of Kid A and Amnesiac.<br />From a lot of reviews this really sounds like one of those albums that you respect for its artiness, but don't truly enjoy listening to. That couldn't really be further from the truth, for me at least. It's very immersing, but also is light and easy to listen to. The soundscape is vast and barren, featuring very few guitars- the songs mostly consist of a looped drumbeat, some chimey keyboards, and Thom Yorke's haunting, desperate vocals, which are the best part of the album. The result of all this is a sound that is very bare and intimate, despite all of the attempts to make the album cold and impersonal. Which is very bold in and of itself- not many bands have the confidence to leave themselves so open. Even though many disappointed fans will tell you Radiohead is becoming more distanced and are alienating fans, in fact the opposite is true. They're pulling closer and revealing themselves.<br />The album's highlights, in my opinion, are &quot;Kid A&quot;, &quot;The National Anthem&quot;, &quot;Optimistic&quot;, &quot;Idioteque&quot;, and &quot;Morning Bell&quot;. &quot;Kid A&quot; is an enchanting little tune with very little in the way of decipherable vocals (another of Yorke's charms), but a whole lot of atmosphere. &quot;The National Anthem&quot; is a tune with a strong beat that eventually turns into the playground for freestyle jazz in one of the more interesting and exciting moments on the album. &quot;Optimistic&quot; is much more traditional than the rest of the album, with a clearly defined chorus and a prominent guitar part, and is a beautiful, uplifting, melodic tune. &quot;Idioteque&quot; is probably my favorite track- the moment from about 1:50 into the song to about 2:30 is the most exhilarating and impressive moment on the album, as everything is suddenly stripped from the music except the drumbeat and Yorke's driving, intense vocals. &quot;Morning Bell&quot; is a pretty, melodic song and contains some of the albums most euphoric moments. My singling out of these songs is not to implicate that the rest of the album is filler, just that these tracks are truly outstanding.<br />To conclude, I would really suggest giving this record a shot, but you have to keep an open mind. Just get into a comfortable place alone or with someone close to you, turn off the lights, and listen.
B000001DYJ|5.0|an album you MUST have if your'e a true<br />KISSfan , the songs are well preformed and<br />well selected , great kulick work on<br />the american anthem<br />KISS ALIVE III , back again to rock & roll
0345409671|5.0|This book brought up many of the God as bad guy(?) thoughts I've had. Worth reading if you are open- minded and not fundamentalist Christian.
B000001EL3|5.0|a great KISS album , the album <BR>who invented the ballads - the song beth<BR>and continued the rock &amp; roll anthems - d.r.c , g.o.t<BR>(you'll know someday.....)<BR>great stuff - buy
B00000099Y|5.0|In my opinion, this is the best CD I have in my vast collection. It the the pinnical of modern progessive rock. TOOL challenges themselves musically and spiritually to create this powerful album and they extend this challenge the listener. You could spend years studying the philosphies that are behind the lyrics. It opens your ears and your mind, but only if you are willing to take the journey with them. This is not easy/relaxed listening. However, in the end you wil be rewarded....
B00004RJ74|3.0|Some of the reviews here are written a little too seriously. While this is by far a good film, it nevertheless achieves its original intention. Quentin Tarantino owed a script to these special effects guys, therefore this movie was the result. With his good buddy Robert Rodriguez as director, famous for his kinetic and often ludicrous action sequences, this movie is an over the top romp. You can't take this movie too seriously because its just not that kind of movie. It's fun eye candy. Selma Hayek in a bikini doing a snake dance? If that isn't gratuitous, I don't know what is. And then there's the extra gory violence. If this movie was made by a special effects company, then you have should expected no less. I had a really good time watching this movie, especially the scene that invovles a ... monologue (Very, very funny). So grab your favorite date, turn off the lights and enjoy these two hours of fun.
B00005MP58|1.0|This so-called Special Edition DVD was a great disappointment.  The contrast is way off and the colors completely washed out.  There was also a disturbing tendency for the image to wobble when the camera angle changed.  A much-rented tape copy that I had seen was better in quality than this.  Anyone seeking a good copy in full screen is now out of luck, since all the VHS and the previous DVD are full-screen presentations.  The direction and performances are as wonderful as any you might expect to see.  This is a great screen version of the story (High praise if you love the Greer Garson/Laurence Olivier version as much as I do), but not worth seeing in this re-production.  One can only hope that the cinematographer never has to see what they have done to his beautiful work.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Un autre voyage qui nous fais planner dans notre monde et dans le merveilleux monde  Radiohead, qui  chaque fois remet le tout en nous ensorsollant et en nous envoutant pour nous faire dormir avec la voix de se chanteur tout simplement extraordinaire.  Elle est incroyable sa voix, un melange de sensation et de fredonnation qui passe entre ses levre traquillement.  On peut vraiment se laisser aller et se transporter au rythme de sa voix.  De plus, les intruments utiliser rende le tout encore plus triste plus tranquille.  C'est super les arrangement qu'ils sont capable de faire, c'est sensationelle, pour pleurer c'est un album best pour cela.  En bref, c,est un album essentiel, un album sensationnelle et inimaginable.  Un autre gros hits sign Radiohead
B00005R23S|5.0|His first live album since the \\"1975-1985\\" box set, this does not dissapoint.  Bruce and the band sound better than ever. Time has given them new skills, and it shows. Their passion matches what we heard on the box set, and Bruce's vocal abilities have amazingly improved!<br />Plus it has \\"American Skin,\\" which bleeds.
B000002H97|5.0|Quand un album clipse tout les recors de vente pour leur album, on n'a pas vraiment a se demander si le disque est bon ou alors si il est mauvais.  Pour se qui est du Black Album de Metallica, 2e meilleur vendeur de tout les temps, cette album est un indispensable a un collection, un style de musique nouveau que Metallica a essayer de lancer, moin acces sur le mtal, mais encore juste assez pour leur nombreux fans.  Mme si il a pris plus de un an avant de sortir, cette album en a value l'attente puisqu'il est totallement un chef d'oeuvre.  Voil pourquoi, que pour grand nombre de fans de Metallica, que cette album en est leur meilleur, mais bon pour moi il en est quelque peu autrement puisque j'aime meixu le vieux Metallica, mais bon, on enleve pas la crdibilit. a un album aussi excellent.
B00005MAM2|3.0|About 2 years ago is when I rented &quot;Akira&quot;.  I am very fond of actor, Cam Clarke, who plays Kaneda in the original, so 2 years later, when this so called &quot;Special Edition&quot; came out on DVD, I rented it to see it.  I was very Disipointed, because neither Cam or the other original cast, such as Drew Thomas (Tetsuo), was involved.  Instead, it's replaced by no-named actors with no talent.  Second of all, the dialouge has changed too...remember the scene in which the gang is &quot;Deciplined&quot; by their P.E. teacher?  Instead of him yelling &quot;Shut Up!!&quot;, it's instead &quot;Decipline&quot;.  Third, the color format has changed, making everything look brighter.  But enough blabber...let's talk.<br />In 1988, WWIII has just ended, but a nuclear holocast hs destroyed everything...including Tokyo.  21 years later, Tokyo has been rebuilt and is now called &quot;Neo-Tokyo&quot;.  The locals believe that a strange god-like force caused the holocast, called &quot;Akira&quot;, which was named after a boy whom was experimented on with the powers.  Neo-Tokyo is a ticking time-bomb in the world of politics, which the entire city is spilt up in three groups...The Politcians, the Government Military and the residents.  The city's citizens are constantly breaking out into riots and cults, leaving the Military and Police a hand full.  Meanwhile, two gangs, The Clowns and the E.X.P.L.O.D.E.s battle out on the dying highways.  The EXPLODE leader, Kaneda (which in this version is pernounced &quot;Canada&quot;, others it is prnounced &quot;Canaeda&quot;) with his awesome BMW Red-Fire Motorcycle, leads his men in a bloody battle.  The youngest of them is Tetuso (&quot;Tent-Sue-oh&quot;), a anal retentive 16-year old, who wants to kill his first Clown (no pun intended).  Meanwhile, a man and a blue, pale skinned boy run through downtown, being chased by cops.  The man is shot to death and the boy escapes, within a few minutes later, is run down by Tetsuo.  Tetsuo is paralyzed from the crash.  Before Kaneda can assist his best friend, the government takes him and the gang is arrested.  A few days later, Tetsuo returns, exausted and banged up, but amazingly, isn't paralyzed like the night before.  His girlfriend, Karori (Carrie, really)  and him decide to run away, but are run down by the Clowns.  He is beaten up and his girlfriend is raped.  But he then loses it, and kills one of them with his bare hands.  He starts to hear a kid saying &quot;AKIRA!!!&quot; and his falls into a state of shock.  Once again, he is taken by the government.  Kaneda wants to find out what is going on here, so he goes to a secret alliance, run by a girl he admires named Kay.  Her Boyfriend, Roy, works for a sleazy rich manor (which for some reason, if made a live movie, would perfectly be played by Marlon Brando) who is trying to get Neo-Tokyo's governmet to it's knees.  Tetsuo is starting to get strange powers too.  He then escapes to find the one known as &quot;Akira&quot;...<br />I could g on, but you hve to rent it for yourself.  The story goes on and on, too, so it would be impossible to tell it all for you.  Rent it.  Or better off, rent the original.  The stor is more in depth than the Director's Cut and the acting is better.  Peace.
B00000099Y|5.0|Du mtal alternatif assez lourd, un style musical recherch et assez rare sur la scne mondiale.  Je suis agrablement surpris de cette rentre en scne d'un groupe qui tait toujours inconnue pour moi jusqu' la sortit de l'album de A perfect circle ou Maynard James Keenan, l'excellent chanteur de Tool, a t le chanteur et qu'il a ffectuer un travail sensationnelle.  C'est des musicien excellent qui ont fabriquer Aenima de toute pice, des musiciens exprimenter qui s'unissent pour former un son unique en son genre.  Les effets spciaux au dbuts des pices rend cet album assez noir, mais combien il en est mieux ainsi.  En bref, un excellent album qui mrite un attention particulier et qui mrite le dtour, ne serais-ce que pour la voix du chanteur et des puissants musiciens de Tool.
B0000025BL|4.0|The first time I heard this CD was about 6 or 7 years ago.  My best friend at the time showed it to me and I really liked the music.  I like the type of music that varies.  I will listen to Rock n roll one minute then country the next, depending on my moods.  This CD really fits my 'moods'.  I for one reason or another stopped listening to it.  But I've always thought of it and wanted to hear these songs again.  When I sat down at my comp. and downloaded these songs and listened to them for the first time in 7 years, I was surprised at the memories that came back to me in floods!  At 14 years old I loved it, and at 20 I love it even more.  I never really listened to the actual words back then but now I sit here and listen to them, expecially Paradise by dashboard lights, and I absolutly crack up.  The lyrics are hillarious and the melodies are genious!  I just want people to know that if they are looking for something with different types of music all in one CD, this is the CD for you.
B000002JPA|5.0|Groupe trs technique, trs progressif. Un CD bond de pice instrumental exitante qui rende les paroles, qui sont dj mordantes encore mieux. Un trs bon disque qui s'coute merveilleusement bien de A  Z. Un chanteur possdant une voies  tout casser qui la fais vari  la merveille. Un groupe qui en ferra tripper plusieurs dans le futur, les grands tout comme les tout petits. Une note qui surclasse presque les 81% et qui est grandement attribuer  la qualit de ce disque...  conseiller...
B00003CXAA|5.0|All I had to say was it's about time that The Godfather collection came out on DVD. The one thing that I am puzzled by it is that Part one and Part 3 are on one DVD disk; but Part 2 is on two disks. I didn't get a chance to watch them in full when I got them. I was more interested in the bonus DVD disk<BR>Now the bonus disks seems to be somewhat well put together, I do have one problem, the part where they have the scenes that never made it to the final cut, it's a bit fustrating to have to select next and then select play to view these scenes; I think that it would have been better if they had it set up where each scene plays continuously right after each one, as opposed to selecting it. Aside from that I'm happy with it.  I hope that Mr. Coppola comes out with a different DVD set, similar to the epic series prior to part three, from the time Vito comes to the U.S as a little boy leading to Michael being in power without the flashbacks but WITH THE DELETED scenes added in. Well I guess we'll have to wait and see.  Enjoy
B00000IJPU|4.0|Un album a tout casser, un chef d'ouevre incroyable, un succs monstre, un album indispensable  tout les collectionneurs de vieux mtal.  Un groupe guider par le magnifique Bruce Dickinson qui est completement grandiose, un dieu de la voix, un Osiris de la musique.  En bref, ceci est une album de 16 des meilleurs pice de Maiden et lasissez-moi vous dire que c'est du bon Iron Maiden.  Des sole, des note dans le aigu  la planche, ce disque est un bijou pour les oreilles, voil pourquoi je leur donne cette note qui leur prvoit facillement une place parmis les 5 meilleurs de mes albums.
B00005QIPH|1.0|Ever since the break up of the &quot;great&quot; rock bands of the seventies and early eighties, the coming of a savior has been proclaimed. Someone or somepeople would bring us back to the &quot;good old days&quot; and electronica would be banished to the depths of hell.<br />While I am a fan of 70's rock (Led Zep, Eagles, Pink floyd are among my favourite), these so called saviors are little more than five young men who've heard too much velvet underground, too much punk and smoked too much weed.<br />It's a shame that while bands like The Strokes are praised for their very simple, basic and utterly uncreative approach to music, radiohead are hauled down by many for trying to be different.<br />One wonders if this has anything to do with the known american insecurity that has developed since the british dominance on the market. Ever since the british invasion, the american rock scene has in large part been dominated by british rock bands. Most recently Radiohead went straight to No.1 and No.2 respectively with their two last albums despite the fact that their albums weren't given especially much acclaim. <br />Now it seems that The strokes are reaping the rewards of this reaction. This of cours is not their fault. <br />But then again the beatles first album wasn't particularly good either so lets give them a chance. I wonder if, when they become bored with this tried and trusted branch of rock if they will decide to go the more alternative route and if they do how will the critics like them then??
B000021YQV|5.0|UN album qui dmnage....  sa dcoiffe.. sa nous rend strille quelque 45 minutes de temps....<br />bravo cest du bon stock musical...
B00005A46T|4.0|If Slipknot's objective on this CD was to create an overbearingly dark record, they succeeded. The musicis punctuated by guitars that are turned down in the mix, whereas the drums are turned way up. Corey's trademark screams are also present. This album suffers, like the last, from not spreading out there songs. All the good songs are in the beginning of the CD, while the rest of the CD is just....blah. Although hard, it fails to hold your attention like the beginning of it.
B00004T40X|5.0|Un album assez spcial merci qui merite quand meme une excellent mention d'honneur  un groupe qui est encore une fois dans l'ignorance quasiment totale des qubecois.  Quelle bande de con, on connais crissement rien, et au passe a ct d'album comme cela qui est sensationnelle.  Une chanteur avec une fois magnifique, dans les 5 plus belle que je connaisse, un son assez europen, avec toujours un petit son de harpe ou de flute traversire qui zigzague en arrire plan.  En gros, c'est du mtal, progressif, qui est tourdissant, on ne se tannera jamais d'couter un album pareil.  Un 30$ encore mis sur un album de 10 tounes, seulement 10 tounes, mais bon, c'est 10 hits...
B00004YKUY|5.0|Wow!  Being a Journey fan since junior high (I'm mid-30's now) I was quite skeptical about a new singer for Journey.  However, I attended a concert on the Arrival tour, and loved some of the new songs they played.  So, I bought the CD, and what do you know - it's fabulous!  It's my second-favorite Journey album next to Infinity.  And actually, it reminds me of Infinity in a number of ways.  Mainly, it's progressive, with new sounds not typically heard on pop/rock albums.  Jonathan Cain is spotlighted quite a bit, and Steve Augeri sounds great.  I don't think he sounds as much like Perry as others do, but I just love the emotional quality of his voice.  My favorite tracks are All the Things, Higher Place, Kiss Me Softly, and Livin' to Do.  The only thing I'm stumped about is, why are these songs not on the radio?  If you miss this CD, you've really missed out.
B00005NI5Y|5.0|Forget all those people that say Dylan can't sing anymore, they've been saying that since he first landed in New York City.  There is hardly a singer around that can put as much expression in his voice as Dylan can.  His new album proves it.  You can hear the laughter, tears, weariness, sarcasm, and intelligence ring through every song.  &quot;Love And Theft&quot; provides plenty of excitement for everyone, although some may have to lean forward a little to grasp the meaning of it.  Dylan's got eight carberators and he's using 'em all.  <br />I don't know if comparisons hold up when you're comparing one Dylan album to another.  All of his records appear to be merely snapshots from different periods of his life.  Sure, there are weak songs from certain albums, but then there are also strong ones indeed.  &quot;Love And Theft&quot; tells us where Dylan is at now.<BR>He may be 60 years old but age isn't slowing him down.  He's tearing up the tracks with a &quot;devil-may-care&quot; attitude. Yeah, it's rough out there but Dylan ain't giving up.  He's gonna teach peace to the conquered.
6305907145|4.0|Yes, I did like &quot;Mansfield Park&quot;, but not as much as &quot;Persuasion&quot;, which remains my favorite of all the Jane Austen releases within the last six years or so. But &quot;Mansfield Park&quot; is not without its own persuasions, and so I found it enjoyable.<br />Now, I must admit it has been far too many years since I read the novel to be able to determine how far it may stray from the original. To be sure, I do remember that there is an episode of adulterous behavior in the book, which is usually NOT what goes on in Austen! Austen typically is concerned with whether young ladies are being &quot;cut&quot; or not; that is, whether they are being snubbed by their social superiors. The slave trade aspect seems a little unlikely, though I'd have to re-read to state so more emphatically.<br />I will tell you that the single biggest surprise, and the part I personally enjoyed most, was the portrayal of Sir Thomas Bertram by the playwright Harold Pinter. What a masterful performance! He sweeps aside the other male characters and has incredible animal magnetism. I was quite disappointed that Pinter was not even nominated for an Oscar for this role; as far as I was concerned, he walked away with the picture.<br />That's not to say, though, that the other actors were not good. i thought that the double role of Aunt Lady Bertram/Mrs. Price was done very well, and that serpentine portrayal of Mary Campbell was ingeniously served--she reminded me very much of Kiri te Kanawa. I could have fallen in love myself with the fellow playing Henry Campbell, and I think I would have chosen him without having to go off to a sea-side pigsty to think it over, like our heroine. <br />Perhaps a bit heavy on the suggestion of lesbianism, however, which is also not very Austen-like either and not needed to create interest.<br />On the whole, an enjoyable film outside the usual Austen treatment.
B000005AYM|5.0|THIS WAS ONE OF THE HOTTEST ALBUMS OUT THAT YEAR.  IT HELPED ME OUT ALOT GOING THROUGH MY UNBORN AND MENTALLY BEING BORN.  IT FELT REALLY GOOD TO HERE THE THOUGHTS OF ANOTHER EARTHBODY BUILD ON THOUGHTS AND ASPIRATIONS THAT I WAS FORTHCOMING.  THIS IS DEFINITELY ONE YOU WOULD BUY FOR A GIRLFRIEND, WIFE, OR DAUGHTER.
B00004U8JU|5.0|'Jurassic Park' is a masterpiece, even today. I never get sick of watching this movie. In fact, I was watching it last night! Though they could've added more features to this DVD (there are way more features to the 'Jurassic Park III' DVD), just for the movie is well-worth the price! This movie is about two scientists who specialize in peleontology, are taken to this island amusement park designed by a wealthy business man to test it and see if it will work out for the public. This amusement park is unlike any other, for it is an amusement park of real-life dinosaurs which were re-created by top scientists who discovered a way to bring dinosaurs back to life. The theme park is called Jurassic Park, and once on the island, they meet a top mathemetician and the wealthy business man's two young grandchildren who come along for the trip, too. When someone suddenly shuts down the security on the island, things start heating up and the T-Rex gets loose! Now the humans are on a wild chase to get off the island alive before they are all eaten by the dinosaurs. This movie rocks and the special effects are just stunning and simply spectacular. The plot is really good and there's even some humor. The whole cast from Sam Neill to Samuel L. Jackson is absolutely superb. This is one of my favorite Speilberg films ever. The directing and filmmaking are top-notch. Some of the best special effects of the early '90s are featured in this movie. If you have not yet seen 'Jurassic Park', then I strongly recommend it - the movie never loses your interest! And if you liked 'Jurassic Park', then I also strongly recommend 'The Lost World' and 'Jurassic Park III', which are just as amazing and awesome as the first!
B00005A1PR|4.0|THIS ALBUM WAS HOT.  I CAN RELATE TO ALL OF HER SONGS AND I TRULY APPRECIATE THE VERSITALITY IN HER VOICE.  IT'S HEAVY YET VERY ELOQUENT.  KINDA LIKE DR. MYA ANGELO.  IT'S HOT AND I REALLY LIKE THE WAY SHE GAVE A SPECIAL SHOUT OUT TO MR. WONDERFUL.  IT'S PEACE.
B00005614N|5.0|First of all, this is Bach on Harpsichord accopaigning Haydn on Violin, at least it is qualified to say that two musicians of that magnitude meet on this disc. To one who wants to learn compose, learn the music functionings, I would advice to study first Bach (for the counterpoint) and Haydn (for the harmony), and with these two as base, one can go anywhere. The same goes for the one who wants to learn the functionings of Jazz-Music, just substituting Bach with Louis Armstrong and Haydn with Ellington-Strayhorn; and there it is! One good reason to get this disc, and similar, is that you get the two antidotes of Jazz black on white to compare. If you are in the studies even of classics, this will be a very fine way of contrasting Bach and Haudn to each other. This CD contains small rips, just look for getting adding the longer more symphonical works of Ellington as well. These works form the bridge between some roads in the classical music, as Ellington adopted the unresolved nonaccords which were to large extent first used by Claude Debussy. Harmonics based on these accords substance what we use to refer to as &quot;The Jazzy sound&quot; (in harmonics), but was so actually not an invention by jazzmusicians. Later on from the mid 1920ies and at least 30 years onwards, jazz rythms and the jazz sound should inspire many classical composers, among them: Malcolm Arnold, Bla Bartk, Dimitrij Schostakowitsch, Kurt Weill, Ernst Krenek...and the two genres has thereby given very important contributions to each other. Ellington represent in the longer works a greyzone herebetween. Ellington in his larger works still awaits recognition, although he with his nearly 2200 shorter &quot;melodies&quot; already stands as an important and one of the very finest musicmakers of the 20th century. Nobody can play Ellingtons music like the Ellington Band, and a good reason to that is that Ellington was such an outstanding virtuoso writer for brass. He knew exactly what his players couldplay and how. Other reason to get this disc is hence of course the performance itself, which in Lou Armstrongs case at least belongs to the cream of what he ever did as performer, and Armstrong knew how to blow the trumpet, and here is much cream I promise you. Especially in toodles like &quot;I don't mean a Thing&quot; and &quot;I got it bad (And that ain't good)&quot; he stands out with a virtuosity whose make may the world never see. Also Ellington himself is great on the piano here, and also &quot;I don't mean a Thing&quot; is his best number. As you can guess I love Ellingtons music, and this coupling had my eyes to brim.
B00005O3VC|5.0|Certain individuals have erroniously indicated in these reviews that the Special Edition will not have commentaries or other special features.  They are wrong.<br />The special edition will contain the following:<br />A &quot;21st anniversary&quot; cut of the film that is 24 seconds longer, Dolby digital 5.1, a subtitle track for people who don't like the film (with text from Shakespeare's Henry IV), an onscreen screenplay option, audio commentary with Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones, John Cleese, Eric Idle and Michael Palin, and Follow the Killer Rabbit option.  Disc 2 contains &quot;Three Mindless Sing-Alongs&quot; and &quot;The Quest for the Holy Grail Locations&quot; featurette, &quot;How to Use Your Coconuts&quot; educational film, &quot;Monty Python and the Holy Grail in Japanese&quot; (with English subtitles), the BBC Film Night special &quot;On Location with the Pythonos&quot;, an interactive cast directory, still galleries with Terry Gilliam's original sketches and behind-the-scenes photos, &quot;A Load Of Rubbish&quot; with mystery items, unused ideas and other material, and finally two trailers and weblinks. <br />There will be no special features with the special edition?  RUBBISH!  This is not simply a reissue of the older DVD with new sound and audio as some have implied.
B000009O8A|4.0|After it has sat in my dvd horror section for a couple of months I finally got round to watching this movie all of the way through.I have to say I was excited to get hold of this movie as it is banned in Britain,and I am a sucker for any films with a bit of contreversy around them.The picture has been niceley cleaned up for a old movie like this,and the colours come through very well and I beleive it has DD51 sound as well but this will not make much impact on your speakers as most of the time the film is fairly quiet.The film is acted well,by all of the small cast,and Camille Keaton is hot.I would like to see more of her and will be looking out for anymore of her work from now on.The story is fairly simple,but somehow works.The scenes of rape are fairly graphic,but nowhere near as bad as I thought they would be.The strange thing is there is no score at all,but perhaps that is supposed to add to the realism,also after the rape there are no flashbacks or anything,she just has a bath a bit of a weep and goes to church,says a prayer and becomes a serial revenge killer.I felt that it would have been more realistic if there was more of a build up of her emotions,perhaps considering going to the police but then not,some flashbacks that sort of show the state of her mind as she decides to take the course of action that she does etc,but no.This does not mean I did not enjoy this film still,as i did.You must of heard of the infamous bath attack by now,and allthough you do not see that much I guarentee it will still have you squirming if you are a male,and you will never let a woman you may have upset near your bath again!The downside of the package is the total lack of extra material on the disc,all that is on offer is a paltry trailer.Sureley there must be some articles available on a movie as contreversial as this one.Still a good buy especially if you are from a country that has banned it.<BR>Dave B (again!)
0780624890|2.0|The first ten minutes of this film are so visually striking that you know the climax won't outdo it so why go on watching? And thus it proves. The film starts off by risking your goodwill when a young buck is invited to a rave that uncomfortably borrows from a scene in 'Schindler's List'. Very distasteful, guys. This is an unusual rave, in any case. Ravers with a tab stuck in two fangs?  Either way, the young buck has a lucky escape as the less than friendly ravers suffer a dehydration problem rarely seen at an all-nighter.<br />Love the names in this flick. Krieger. Abraham Whistler. Dragonetti. Blade, also known as Eric *giggle*. Better than Fred, I suppose.  Is this a Phillip Ridley film?  Oh, I nearly forgot Deacon Frost. Mostly because he's hard to see without cricking your neck. He should be called Deacon Blue, he's a 'real gone kid'. In fact, he's positively dead.  Deacon Frost, who fancies himself as 'the man', has trouble stamping authority on the proceedings due to his aforementioned lack of stature. I'm sorry to hark on about it, but it's the dominating distraction in the film.  As I recall, Christopher Lee was a lot more impossing playing Dracula due to his height but Dorff reminds me of an anorexic Freddie Starr, although he won't be eating any hamsters.  They're taller than he is. His dress sense doesn't do him any favours in the world domination stakes either, his natty seventies puce velvet suit and flares invokes pity rather than terror.  Dorff's face betrays the fact that the material is beneath him and it's hard to imagine anything getting beneath this diminutive Nosferatu (I know the lingo!) Anyway, truculent and obviously suffering from an inferiority complex, he noticeably stays on his feet around a conference table of distinctly wishy-washy vampire mafiosi. Unfortunately,  when he eventually sits down in a leather chair he practically disappears altogether. He needs to get out more, which being a vampire is hard. Or is it? in a very funny scene he gets to go out in broad daylight by wearing make up.  What about his eyes and hair?  Don't their clothes usually set fire anyway? perhaps he greased them up too. Hey, slimy guy, slimly suit. But to get back to Deacon's height problem which I'm trying not to do, but can't help it. I mean,  forget Blade, they should have got Buffy the vampire slayer to tackle him, at least they'd be eyeball to eyeball. With Blade, Deacon Frost is eyeball to, well, modesty prevents me. Anyway, this means war, albeit from Lilliput.  The world's too small for both of them, and Mr Frost is too small to even audition for a remake of 'The Incredible Shrinking Man' (why can't they make em like they use to?) But as I said before, I'll try not to mention it. You know, THE GLARING HEIGHT THING. There are more important considerations. Such as Wesley Snipes who plays Blade with the usual nonchalance we wearily expect from him. He is aided by a doctor played by N'Buste Wright in a performance so flat you could fax her to the set.  Her indifference to the sudden knowledge of the existense of vampires could make her an early target for recruitment by the 'Utraviolet' vampire squad (based in the UK) who memorably acted as if they were working in a mundane capacity for the local council.  Ms Wright has an archetyple James Bond moment when she is tossed into a cell to face something nasty but is blessed with possibly the biggest air vent in film history to crawl out of. Kris Kristofferson fairs better as a grizzled old vampire hunter and is rather fun.<br />Since the advent of video games, Hollywood has felt an unnecessary need to compete with the former's kineticism with predictably silly and tedious results and the trend sadly shows little signs of abating.  Vampiric.
B00003CXAA|1.0|Prestine DVD it is not! I was greatly disappointed on the transfer and picture quality of this long anticipated DVD collection. Scratches and dirt apparent on the original film elements and high digital compression rates make the &quot;creeping crawlies&quot; on faces simply unacceptable especially when viewing on a big screen. Just as Stanley Kubrick's highly anticipated first DVD collection was simply a joke, so is this Godfather collection. Paramount DVD's in general are poorly mastered and this collection is no exception.  Just as Warner ended up having to remaster Kubrick's DVD collection with better elements, Paramount should also consider doing the same with The Godfather.
B0000029DD|4.0|At first, i was not a huge fan of buckley but bought the cd after all the great reviews i heard about him...after listening to the CD a couple times over it really grew on me..his voice is hauntingly beautiful..hell give you goosebumps
6305364613|4.0|Baz Luhrmann's production of Shakespeare's classic work, &quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet&quot; is set in modern-day gang warfare as opposed to interfamilial squabbles.  There were some things about this that worked well for me, e.g., Jon Leguizamo's absolutely vicious Tybalt in cowboy boots. However, I found Leonardo diCaprio entirely insipid as Romeo.  Claire Danes acquitted herself well as Juliet despite the poor pairing with diCaprio.  I particularly enjoyed the masqued ball scene, taking place at a prom instead of a familial ball.  For the most part, there is more to like in the Zeffirelli production with Len Whiting and Olivia Hussey ... but this version of the &quot;star-crossed lovers&quot; may bring the tale to younger audiences in a more effective fashion.
6304498969|5.0|I have been a big EC fan for 25 years but this is the first time<BR>I have seen him live, and it was on a DVD player through a Bose<BR>Lifestyle 25. I was astounded by the 5.1 surround sound. It <BR>really was like being in the audience. This is the only Clapton<BR>dvd I own, so comparisons to his others are difficult, but I can assure you, if you are a Clapton fan this will delight.
B00005B36H|5.0|take the cover apart so you get it.<BR>listen to the words so you get it.<BR>notice the math of the beats so you get it.<BR>open up your third eye.<BR>spiral out.
B00005NVDF|5.0|This is perhaps the funniest film of all time, bar none.  I had recently become disenchanted with the comedies of today.  I found myself watching whole movies, and never even smiling, let alone laughing.  Than I happened upon this little known oddity at the video store.  I took it home, and laughed in a way that I had never laughed before.  It is wonderful to see Woody Allen and Diane Keaton looking so vibrant and full of life!  The jokes come fast and furious, but they do not beg the viewer for a response, they just happen.  That, in itself, makes it funnier than most comedies of today.  Also, there is very little, if any, profanity in this movie.  I've noticed that movies of today seem to rely too much on juvenile toilet humor and profanity to provide laughs.  There is none of that here.  To watch this is to have the senses rejuvinated, and to laugh so hard that your jaws ache.  Basically, this is the movie that you can innocently recommend to anyone, and they will love you for it later.  Make it a point to see this film!
B0000508U6|5.0|Coldplay created an amazing and unique album here..thats until i heard Travis...whom i also loved...they both are a melencholy band with amazing voices...i found also similar to radiohead. Buy both for your CD collection.  I love the songs on this album more and more everytime i listen to it...Shiver has to be my favorite track..a sweet love song that will stick in your head
B00005QIPH|5.0|Track by Track:<br />1. IS THIS IT: Sounds like The Buggles -- video apparently only wounded the radio star.<br />2. THE MODERN AGE: A lot of songs these days sound like The Velvet Underground, but this song sounds EXACTLY like The Velvet Underground.<br />3. SOMA: Sounds like Television, if they would have allowed themselves to have fun.<br />4. BARELY LEGAL: Sounds like Frank Black fronting early Blondie (admit it -- you're starting to get intrigued now).<br />5. SOMEDAY: I'm not sure who this sounds like, but IT'S ONE OF THE GREATEST SONGS I'VE EVER HEARD IN MY LIFE.<br />6. sorry, I can't continue this track-by-track nonsense -- I need to play &quot;Someday&quot; again....
B00003CY3W|5.0|&quot;Ghost World&quot; is the best film of the year.  It's intelligent, sarcastic, hilarious filmaking.  Thora Birch (American Beauty) plays overly-cynical and helplessly sarcastic Enid.  Scarlett Johansson plays her best friend Rebecca.  Steve Buscemi plays the dorky Seymour.  A quick outline of the plot is as follows: Enid reads a personal ad written by Seymour which he hopes will reunite him with a woman he met.  So, Enid decides to play a cruel joke on him by leaving a message on his answering machine pretending to be the woman, just so she, Rebecca and Josh (Brad Renfro) ,the boy they like to torure, can go and watch Seymour at the restaurant waiting for a woman who never shows up.  Enid and Rebecca then decide to follow him home, making quips about what they envision his personal life to be like.  Enid eventually meets Seymour at a garage sale he is hosting and actually begins to like him.<BR>You might think the film would trail off into an &quot;opposites attract&quot; love story, but it keeps it edge and this simply allows for more sarcasm.  Enid likes him because, ever-guarding herslf, &quot;He's the exact opposite of everything I hate.&quot;  Birch's performance as Enid is sometimes a slight continuation of that of American Beauty, but it showcases her talent<BR>far better and the character here is more interesting.  Buscemi is his usual quirky self, but here his performance is perfectly matched with the subject matter.  Illeana Douglas (The Sixth Sense) plays Enid's summer-school art teacher who is so politically corect she praises art for what it represents rather than what it looks like, and she has her share of funny moments. The funniest continuing joke is the appearance of Josh's convenience store boss and a mullet wearing wife-beater sunburnt guy.  There is some more plot progression, like how Enid and Rebecca's relationship starts to dwindle, Enid's relationship with her father and Seymour.  The ending has an open endedness to it that is the onlyplausable way to end it rather than giving it a cop-out ending.  &quot;Ghost World&quot; is directed by Terry Zwigoff, the mastermind behind the fantastic documentary &quot;Crumb&quot;, and based upon a comic by Daniel Clowes, who co-wrote the script with Zwigoff.  The best film of the year.  May Birch be nominated for an Oscar.
B000006ZL4|5.0|this is probably symphony x's best after V or twilight in olympus. michael pinnella is one of the best keyboardists for the 90's into the 2000's. get this album, it will be one of the best choices you'll ever make!
0393317552|5.0|I can't add much here that reviewers before me haven't touched upon. Truely unique interwoven account of history and science. I'm not really a \\"science guy\\" but more of a history buff and I found this to be a great pre-text for history.  If you like American or European history, this book is a great way to fill in some of the mystery between the start of civilization and the modern establishment of nation states.  Some people have found fault with pedantic aspects of the book but I found these easy to brush aside.  It drags a bit toward the end but it's a surprisingly quick read.
078062565X|5.0|On October 9th, my dad and I went to go see King Kong at a theater in Anaheim Hills. It made me only appreciate more just how great of a movie this is, and that's considering I must have seen it at least half a million times before. <br />Of the dinosaur movies that came before and after King Kong, Kong is still the best one. The Lost World (1925) even today has impressive visual effects and is highly entertaining. It's only problems are a poorly written love story and the fact not everyone enjoys silent movies silent movies. The Godzilla films, while entertaining, had cheaper special effects and often times [the plots were not as good]. Jurassic Park (1993), which some consider the best dinosaur movie, has spectacular Special Effects and is very entertaining. But it is slow at times. King Kong, however, is both highly entertaining and, more importantly, is able to tell the film without a wasted scene or dialogue. I felt as if I was in the theater for only half an hour! If only all movies could do that. <br />But no film is made perfect by accident. This film had a top-notch technical cast made up of the best in the world at that time: Production designer Mario Larrnagia, Film Composer Max Steiner, Marcel Delgado, who built the dinosaur models and Willis O'Brien, who animated them. <br />Some have questioned as to why plant-eating herbivores like the Stegosaurus or the Brontosaurus would attack humans. Perhaps, the humans were trespassing into their territory and would you defend your property if someone tried to invade it? Also, how many humans living today have seen a live dinosaur in the wild? Then again, some might say this was done by the producers to provide entertainment and suspense. I can agree with that. But do not criticize King Kong for this. It's an adventure movie, not a documentary. <br />While the film is largely about Kong and the dinosaurs on Skull Island, the rest of the film is able to avoid being overshadowed. While I have seen movies that havebetter acting, this film's cast isn't too bad. At least they are able to conceive realistic characters. Even Jack Driscoll, the film's hero, gets afraid when he talks to Fay Wray. Some also find it annoying that Fay Wray only screams in the scenes where she is in Kong's presence. Well what would you do instead? Tell Kong in a polite, calm english voice to let you down? <br />I am surprised that this film is not yet on DVD. I am sure thought that one must be in the works. <BR>I hope that when it does come out that it will be worth the wait and include a lot of extras, like the Citizen Kane DVD. <br />Overall, King Kong is a masterpiece that will be enjoyed for countless generations to come.
B000001FKY|5.0|I bought this album back when it came out in 1987.  Practically loved every song on the album.  My favorite though has to be the song &quot;Hysteria&quot;.  I loved the song when I was 16 and it still is my favorite to this day.  I would highly recommend this CD to anyone who is a fan.
B00005O3VC|5.0|Please hold off on criticizing this re-issue by saying it has no extras...because it just isn't so.  Amazon.com is just behind on updating their info on this soon to be excellent DVD.  It has so many extras it will blow your mind.  <br />Announced to be a 2 disc set, it is supposed to include all things appreciated by true Monty Python Fans including:  Commentaries by the Monty Python Troupe themselves, &quot;Follow the Killer Rabbit&quot; feature (reminds one of the Matrix feature in a way), Three mindless sing-a-longs, &quot;How to use your coconuts&quot; educational feature, and another feature which I can not exactly remember but it is something like instead of hearing the film when it is playing you are instead treated to a dramatic reading of some famous novel or something.  Is this last one a bit peculiar, not to a true Python fan it isn't.<br />So buy your copy now.
1575666286|5.0|A Highly Recommended First Book On The Use And Application Of Alternative Medicine/Natural Healing for Chronic Conditions.<br />This is the book that I would first recommend for anyone wanting to understand the use of alternative medicine for the healing of any chronic condition including cancer  I would also highly recommend this book to anyone contemplating the use of conventional medicine as well because of the excellent material on the disease process and the potential for using this or some other alternative therapy in a complimentary or combination process of natural and conventional healing.  The issue in addressing healing of chronic diseases is for the person with the disease and their family to be sufficiently unformed of the causes and all possible treatment possibilities so that they can make informed and responsible decisions about their total treatment.  Other therapies and approaches could be evaluated as to how well they addressed all of the healing concepts detailed in this book.<br />&quot;The Gerson Therapy&quot; is a welcome and highly recommended addition to the multitude of books that address healing of chronic conditions including cancer by using natural or alternative means.   The specific approach is healing by a combination of high quality nutrition and total body detoxification.  The Therapy is a total program and does require significant life style changes at least for the detailed therapy.  Actually, lifetime lifestyle changes will be required to remain healthy, but these are easily done once one has gone through the detailed therapy.<br />This book accomplishes several needed functions.  The Gerson Therapy is brought up to date, (the therapy is over 60 years old), with the latest information including program modifications for people who have had chemotherapy, for people who are in an extremely weakened state,  and a modified program for non cancer chronic conditions.  The information is provided in a highly readable and understandableformat.  The book details the background, theory, and enough specific cases  to establish credibility without being overbearing.  In fact most of the case studies are used to detail understanding of the therapy. The book does not sugar coat the difficulty of healing using natural therapy and states that the Gerson Therapy may be the most difficult to follow of the many that are available.  All of the information required to do the therapy either on one's own or in conjunction with a qualified clinic or practitioner is provided in easily accessible section.  (There is some redundancy in some of the specific sections but this redundancy eliminates the need to search for needed information for people who are following the therapy).  The number of recipes is expanded from previous books, and this is a welcome addition for anyone who has followed the therapy.  The mental aspects of natural healing are now addressed and are given a separate section in the book.  Finally, many tricks and techniques needed to make the therapy more workable are included. The bottom line is that the book is both informative and is useable as a day to day guide for anyone deciding to do the therapy. <br />I feel qualified to make these statements about this book because three years ago I was diagnosed with cancer and after much research and discussions with conventional and alternative practitioners, I chose to first start with the Gerson Therapy.  The results have been wonderful with the cancer having gone in remission after about 18 months and numerous other problems have responded to the therapy as well.  I have not had to revert to my back up plan of conventional medicine.  Yes the therapy can be difficult to follow particularly because it is highly restrictive on food, requires time to make fresh vegetable juices several times every day, and requires time to do the detoxification procedures.  And yes, the diet has different taste due to the salt and fat restrictions,  but one quickly getuse to the different tasee However, to be healed without permanent side effects is well worth the effort and the required life style changes.  While I had excellent support materials available, this book is still a significant improvement to the available literature.  I found nothing in this book that I had a problem with and with the improvements that have been made, the book deserves the five star rating <br />The process of natural healing is not easy, requires attention to detail, and continued study to avoid setbacks through the process.  This new book on the Gerson Therapy will provide information that can assist the decision process and will provide up to date information on the therapy's application.
B00005N9CV|5.0|I ran out an bought this new cd the day it was released. My friend and I drove to Utah from California to see her in concert on Valentine's Day last year. I am hooked on her music, and have become a devoted fan! This cd is awesome, and I urge everyone to go out and buy it. The Look of Love track and Bessame Mucho are my favorites. I thought it wouldn't get any better than Peel Me a Grape!
B000002699|5.0|I've been reading the reviews of this excellent album on Amazon (along with some of the other great albums of all time, by Miles as well as other musicians) and something just struck me.  <br />It seems these great albums are listened to most often alone.  At least one reviewer here mentions it, and I've heard this comment echoed many times before.  &quot;Great&quot; music like this - and trust me, if you have an appreciation for music, you will love this album - is only being enjoyed alone right now.  Why is that?<br />In groups, at parties, we're all putting on whatever the trendy music is, or some dumb, big-beat-thumping song... not that there's anything wrong with that.  But, if groups of people could start listening and enjoying great albums like these in large groups... well, our intelligence and sensitivity would have to be increasing somehow.  <br />I hope music like this starts crawling out from just a few jazz and eclectic music fans' listening rooms and starts finding its way into the rest of the world... heck, I think music like this could change the world for the better...  (apologies for now expounding on the album itself!)
0553284347|5.0|Hi people.<BR>I want to write a review for this book &quot;Toxic Parents&quot; because I recommend this book truly. Especially for people having from even little problems with their parents or closed ones to even those volcanic relationships. I have a very tormented mother from her own childhood and maybe my grandmother too suffered the same way. The words that Dr. Susan uses are good and very appropriate for readers of all type. I felt very consoling as I read the book. I realized that the imperfections of families is not a myth or dream. It exists, and is common. In all forms and degrees. After being beaten by my mother for 8 years and still being harassed and verbally abused by the woman I never want to beat up of, I naturally focus the blame on myself, being a little tough type. But beneath my strong outer surface is the &quot;hurt little growing child&quot; or so that is still awaiting recognition. Susan Forward's book is helpful to me for me to identify my situation. I even laughed at some points when she quoted some real cases, their situations were replica of mine, and I finally know that toxic parents used the same things to scold us, like saying we are ugly or what when outside people are keep saying we are goodlooking, hmmm....I will look out for Susan's other books soon. :)<BR>This book is a MUST for tormented people, okay? Because it helps Us to start the wheel of healing. Remember. :) It is very good to have emphatic people around, who are like her.<BR>I might want to contact her soon.<BR>I take this opportunity to comment on her great writing, her expertise and understanding and emphatical qualities.<BR>Amazing woman! :)
6305127689|3.0|I never liked this film that much back when it first came out, but my acting class teacher had a role in the film, so I watched the movie again to see him.  \\"I want some butts!\\"  Yep, that's him, alright.  :D<br />Watching this movie again still didn't make me like it, but I have to say that the aerial dogfight scenes are done amazingly well.  I can't recall any other movie that captured aerial dogfights so well on the screen as this movie has.  It does not look dated much at all, a quite remarkable feat.<br />If there's anything that makes the movie look dated, then it's the leading lady's look and Kenny Loggins's rock music in the background.  I can listen to \\"Danger Zone\\" only so many times, you know.  ;)<br />One cool thing about the movie was that I got to see some of the actors before they became hot commodities.  I mean, I had totally forgotten that Meg Ryan was in this movie (as Goose's wife), and I had no idea Tim Robbins was in it either (try to spot him before the credits roll up).  I think this movie is worth a watch just for that purpose alone.<br />And if you're a fan of Tom Cruise and want to see the movie that pushed him up to his stardom, then hey, by all means check it out.<br />Otherwise, I think this movie (and the DVD, which is quite bare-bones) is worth only a rental, which is what I did.
B000002G8L|5.0|If you have any doubts about Eric Clapton's greatness on the guitar, then you probably haven't heard this double live album.  I think that a lot of younger guitar players don't appreciate Clapton much, simply because they're only familiar with the Clapton who played Sunshine of Your Love or Change the World or whatever.  They've never heard THIS Clapton.  It's a wonder why he chooses to record songs like In my Father's Eyes when he's capable of playing something like Double Trouble (Probably the highlight of the album).  Anyway, the album is pretty consistent, although it has some weaker moments in the 1st CD.  (I don't care much for Wonderful Tonight or All Our Past Times)  However, Clapton really picks up momentum in the 2nd CD.  The 2nd CD is fantastic all the way through... especially Cocaine, Ramblin On my Mind, and the aforementioned Double Trouble.  Long story short, if you're a fan of Clapton, or if you just like good guitar music, Just One Night is a no brainer.  Buy it.
B00005QIPH|4.0|Every now and then, a band comes around during a dark period in music to slap it in the face and give it a new revival.  The Beatles did it in '64 as America dealt with Hollywood fabricated teen idols with perfect hair.  In '01, The Strokes present a similar situation.  Boy bands and industrialized music is abundant and unfortunately popular.  The Strokes are anything but.<br />Musically, they provide a familiar sound but something very new.  This combination will appeal to many out there, because it's not experimental as Radiohead, but not as pop rock as Oasis.  It's a good medium between the two without sounding like either of them.  Yes, as everyone has said, they are very reminiscent of the Velvet Underground.  The vocals are similar and the lyrics are skillfully crafted.  In this day, when lyrics seem to be recycled to no end, it's refreshing to hear an original thought and vision in one's music.<br />Will you tap your feet to these songs?  Most likely not.  It's not music to dance to.  But it is music you can listen to over and over again.  This rating is 4 stars right now, but I have a feeling that the more and more I listen to this album, it'll eventually be realized as a 5 star classic.  For anyone looking for a new sound and a glimpse into the future of rock, pick up Is This It by The Strokes.<br />NOTE:  The American version of the album replaced the track New York City Cops due to the events of Sept. 11.  If you can, try to get the import version which is their original vision of the album.  The import of course is more expensive, but it's either that or getting the [amt] single.
B00004Y6TQ|4.0|Yeah, like I said, I think this album is pretty cool.  A lot of it features Bjork accompanied by an orchestra... but Homogenic had a lot of strings and stuff, so it really doesn't sound too different.  I'm not too into musicals or anything, but that didn't stop me from enjoying the album.  Infact, I love Cvalda and In the Musicals(Easily the 2 most \\"musical-like\\" songs in the album).  I suppose the highlight of the CD is the duet with Thom Yorke, which is quite nice.  (Even though I thought the movie's version with the actor singing was more charming)  <br />Unfortunately, I have a few complaints with Selmasongs.  I guess the biggest complaint I have is that the CD is waaay too short, clocking in at just over 32 minutes.  Not only that, but the first track is kind of a throwaway since it's more like an intro than an actual song (It doesn't even have Bjork in it!).  Also, I don't particularly care for the 2 minutes, 107 steps song.  So minus those two songs, you're left with about 26 mintues of great music.  Anyway, whether or not you want to shell out $... for those 26 minutes is up to you.  If you're rich, you should.
B00000JQFL|5.0|I wonder if Peter Frampton heard this Album&amp;the folks that bought His Album in Droves??Because this is the most Have Live Album to Have.nothing like catching a Act in Peak Position&amp;the Elements are in top Form Here.Maurice White Had things down pat.Phllip Bailey is Slamming.The Horns are Hitting it on the One.Verdine is tight.Larry Dunn&amp;Crew are Bringing it on.&quot;Sun Goddess&quot; is Crystal Clear Live.&quot;Reasons&quot; Hall of Fame Jam&amp;still a Twisted Song that is still Powerful.TOur De Force from start to finish.this is also the Last EWF Album that had that Raw Vibe.when you hear there Music you can't put it into a Category it's without Limits as this Set Showcases.this Album should have Been Called &quot;Gratitude&quot; The Elements Come Alive.Peter Frampton had a Good Album but this My Friend is a Classic.to really appreciate the Talent&amp;Depth of this Band you gotta Hear it Live.the Instrumentation is Unstoppable as is the Groove&amp;Vibe.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Outstanding! Steve Augeri very capably handles lead vocalist duties (taking over from the other guy, what's-his-name).<BR>Augeri sounds very much like Steve Perry, and not very much like Lindsey Buckingham (Funny-I always thought Steve Perry sounded like Christine McVie), and the classic Journey big harmonies are in place like they never left. Check out Higher Place and the awesome Signs of Life and you'll hear what I mean. <BR>Highly recommended!
B000002JQ6|5.0|This was the first live album I ever owned, and it has made it nearly impossible for me to listen to studio tracks of anything. Because of ACDC live, I judge a band on live performance above all. Just about anyone can sound good in the studio, but it's a lot harder to sound this good live.<BR>I really recommend this to anyone, even just casual ADCD listener. You'll know all the songs, and you'll get caught up in the excitement of the crowd and the band.
B00005AFVR|4.0|...because you are going to want to listen to the opening trio of rockers on your way to work, &quot;Badlands&quot; into &quot;Out in the Street&quot; on your way home, and &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; just about anytime.  This 2-CD set includes the songs that formed the core of Bruce's 1999-2000 reunion tour with the E Street Band, in addition to the moving and controversial &quot;American Skin&quot; premiered toward the end of the tour, and stunning performances of &quot;Born in the USA&quot; and &quot;Lost in the Flood&quot; among others.  The re-worked &quot;River&quot; sounds better on CD than it did in concert (though I'm still not much of a fan of the new versions of &quot;Atlantic City&quot; or &quot;Mansion on the Hill&quot;).  The more I play this set, the more I like it.  I didn't give it 5 stars because of that nagging &quot;it could have been greater&quot; feeling you get with a live release that doesn't include the whole show.  That said, even the mixed-up song order doesn't bother me much (unless I'm swapping discs back and forth while driving), and each disc works on its own for when you don't want to listen to 2 CD's all at once.
0792839730|4.0|What I would have liked to see in the DVD is more extra features, like behind-the-scenes footage and interviews with the cast.  The amount of materiel needed to make this movie was pretty staggering.  A lot of the stuff was authentic, and it is a miracle that so much of it could be scraped together 33 years after the actual event.<br />Anyway, the movie is presented in letterbox format, which does it justice.  It tries to be faithful to the real event, and does a pretty good job of it.
B00005B36H|1.0|I don't see how so many people love this band.  I've tried so hard to get into this band because people praise them but I just can't make it through the whole c.d.  I'll admit they are very original, nobody I've heard really sounds like them , but I just can't get into them. The songs are very slow and boring and really drag on.  Maybe you have to get high before you listen in to it to really understand.
B00003CX5P|3.0|I, myself am also a Star Wars fan, but I can't fool myself.  This movie was only mediocre.  O.k., I would have given it 3.5 stars if I could, the .5 for the 20 minute conclusion of action and excitement.  That was sweet.<br />But really.  Jar Jar was ridiculous.  I'd take Chewie over that thing anyday.  Jake Lloyd was almost as bad.  My nephew could have been more believable.<br />It looks like the DVD has lots of features, and might be worth the money.  I bought the VHS format, and wasn't really going to buy the DVD until I saw how much more was offered on the DVD edition.<br />I'll buy the DVD, because, alas, I am a Star Wars fan.  No thanks to Jar Jar.
B00005B36H|3.0|If you are into mellow music this cd is for you.  I wish they had included the lyrics though.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Well, let me start by saying that I, like many other people out there, am very puzzled as to why these movies have not been released on dvd yet. These movies are without a doubt my favorite of all time. I have been a long time fan of star wars since i was about 4 or 5 years old. I grew up with it and it is such a wonderful timeless story. I just wish that George Lucas would please put these out on dvd within the next couple of years. Especially, since episode I is now coming out on dvd. That looks to be one heck of a good dvd from what i've seen and heard so far. I will definitely buy it. From what i understand though, George's plans on bringing the original trilogy to dvd will not be until the first 3 episodes have been out in theaters and then on dvd. I got this information from dvdfile.com. He says that the original movies are vintage material and will take more work on dvd releases. What i wish he would do is go ahead and release the original trilogy in its original form(not special edition). They would not have to have any extra special features. If they were just the movie with a chapter selection that would be fine with me. Then, in 2005 or 2006, whenever all the movies have been out, re-release the original trilogy in the special edition along with the other 3 films in one big deluxe box set. Believe me, I would probably buy that also. I don't think that sounds like too much to ask. But, I know that Lucas is a perfectionist and doesn't like to do anything half-way. So, maybe it would be worth the wait until he releases them all together in one big jam packed set full of endless features. To wait for that though, is easier said than done. In any case, I anticipate the release of them to dvd, whenever that is, very much. I will continue to love these movies as years go by and will enjoy the next episodes in the series as well.
