B005HI4LLY|5.0|Director and co-writer Eli Craig's unexpected foray into what at first seems like a done-to-death (pun intended) genre of the stoned-college-kids-in-the-woods-who-meet-a-depraved-and bloody-demise.<br /><br />But this time, the conceit is turned upside down and inside out when a group of college kids misunderstand the intent of two gentle hillbillies they encounter on their way to a remote woods getaway and beer fest.<br /><br />What actually happens is, instead of being chased by an inbred psycho, the dumb kids -- in their desperate attempt to escape the assumed horror -- do themselves in.  This massive comedy of errors is sustained almost to the end when it shifts to a more traditional climax.  It all begins when Tucker and Dale (Tyler Labine and Alan Tudyk), two benignly sweet backwoods rednecks rescue a pretty college girl from drowning and it is assumed by her friends that she's been kidnapped and tortured.  The relationship of the girl (Katrina Bowden) and the sweeter of the hillbillies is surprising and sometimes touching.  Although there are grotesquely funny bloody moments in the multiple, inventive deaths, this is not a slasher film but a mockery of the genre.<br /><br />I was not ready for the kid who accidentally dives into the woodchopper in an attempt to tackle his assumed nemesis, but it's hard not to laugh even as the blood sprays.  Tucker & Dale are not Laurel & Hardy, but they evoke a similar kind of affection because we understand and root for them.  This is a borderline brilliant film that is well on its way to genuine cult status.  Tucker & Dale!  May their tribe increase.
B0012GMUIG|5.0|Was recently thinking after ordering the Legacy Edition of Piano Man, wouldn't it be nice to get a More Songs in the Attic? Live versions of Billy's less popular tunes like Vienna, James, All for Lenya, Until the Night, a few more tunes from Cold Spring Harbor, maybe a few from The Bridge and Glass Houses. Even some River of Dreams would be great. Just a thought.
B0009P5YXO|4.0|I dressed up as the Tenth Doctor for Halloween last year, so I obviously had to buy the Sonic Screwdriver.  I love this prop.  It lights up, it make noise, and it's fairly durable.<br />However, it has a small problem- the piece of plastic that holds the emitter in the extended position wears down quickly, and allows the head to drop back.<br />I thought that it might have just been a problem with the Sonic that I had received, so this year I ordered another.  Alas, the piece of plastic wore out faster on the newer one than it had on the older one (I mostly used them in the unextended position, and I always raise and lower them with the bump on the side, as the instructions state).<br /><br />Overall, I love the Sonic.  Just don't expect it to always be able to stay in the raised position.<br /><br />Edit: I've gone through several of these in the past couple of years, and they always seem to have the same problem-- after a while, they refuse to stay extended on their own.  I'm marking down a star for durability, but I still think that they're awesome props.
B000002V07|4.0|Loved the title track \\"Fade Into You\\" and the acoustic \\"Into Dust\\" otherwise lukewarm to the more rocking tunes, but still a nice effort by Mazzy Star.
0525423656|5.0|After reading some of the negative reviews of this book, it gives me encouragement for my own novels on here when they get poor reviews. I honestly don't know what they are talking about. I think they read a different book. I enjoyed Matched, quite a bit. I loved Crossed. It was darker, more intense, and fast paced. I literally couldn't put it down--finished it one day. The characters became much more complicated and three-dimensional. The love story became more realistic and multi-faceted. I loved everything about this book! Great job, Ally!
0307454541|1.0|I've read about a third of this book and for the life of me, I cannot understand why it got published. \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" -- at least to the point where I fell asleep -- is absolutely dull. The book ranks among the most tedious stories I've ever attempted to read. The characters are uninteresting and self absorbed. The narrative, a murder of child in the 1960s, is as compelling as watching grass grow. A $10 mistake on my part.
0385486804|5.0|Jon Krakauer's Into the Wild is a post-mortem biography of Christopher McCandless following his route across the U.S. a year after his accidental death in the Alaskan wilderness. The novel is an expansion of an article he previously authored that appeared in the 1993 edition of Outside magazine. In the author's note Krakauer warns the reader of his defensive stance toward the McCandless' story, explaining that the novel is somewhat of a response to responses.  Krakauer's ultimate goal appears to be that he wants to bestow the reader with the thoughtful perspective that he feels the story deserves.   The story of McCandless is both disturbing and fascinating. He was an ivy-league graduate that possessed a fixation with nature and an unusual dose of idealism. McCandless was influenced by Call of The Wild and other writings of Jack London, as well as works by Tolstoy, Davies, and Thoreau. Upon graduation he cut ties with his family, donated his trust fund to charity, and began his two-year odyssey out West in the pursuit of off-the map places.  McCandless resisted emotional attachment to others and detested the excesses of materialism. He was thrill-seeking and traveled with the minimum amount of supplies. When he discovered there were no unmarked places on the map, he simply discarded it.    Krakauer investigates these factors leading to McCandless' death using an impressive variety of mediums. The chapters are non-chronological and titled after the cities or natural landmarks revisited. The novel honors McCandless in that Krakauer writes lively poetic descriptions of the natural world as he charts McCandless' path. Krakauer includes news articles, interviews, letters, journal excerpts from McCandless' personal diary, and highlighted passages from McCandless' most prized books. Although Krakauer frequently inserts his own analysis into the piece, he also seems to know when to omit his presence. Because of this, he does an excellent job presenting the complexity and raw humanity of his interviewees and McCandless. At times I felt humbled and deeply touched, as though looking in on something very private.   In the second half of the book, Krakauer provides analysis by drawing comparisons between McCandless and other eccentric travelers as well as including his own personal story as a young man challenging the natural world. Krakaur identifies with the McCandless story, which is a risky admission that could have served to weaken his argument. However, Krakauer points to the primary difference between himself and McCandless: Krakauer survived his outdoor excursion and grew past the early adulthood stage in which energy, idealism, and trial (and error) are associated. Although the two chapters Krakauer dedicates to his own story at first seem slightly drawn out and self-indulgent, he earns the authority to comment, and when he does his view is balanced and enlightened.   The book begins and ends in Alaska. Krakauer does not try to conceal the fate of McCandless but rather is up front with it, briefly telling of the last known sighting of McCandless and describing the sight where McCandless remains were found in the first two chapters. Krakauer plays off of the readers' natural curiosity to make sense of the bizarre event. Having read the author's note, I felt a sense of suspense trying to glean the author's promised opinion, which was offered late in the novel. To delay a point is best suited for arguments that the audience may not agree with. Indeed, Krakauer investigates the strong opinions of others and opts for the middle road, cautioning against both glorification and condemnation. In his opinion (and mine as well) McCandless was simply an intense kid, he was not merely foolhardy as some may have characterized him as, but if he was it was because of his persistent adherence to his ideals. McCandless was a freethinking individual that actually walked his talk, and Krakauer is convincing; there is something simply commendably unusual about the trait, it is certainly worth a second look toward understanding the broader, universal coming of age theme.
B004SBQAN8|2.0|---------------------------------------------------  \\"I Am Number Four\\"  ---------------------------------------------------  This was a pretty snoozy teen-oriented sci-fi/soap opera flick, with a tone that was distinctly reminiscent of TV shows such as \\"Roswell,\\" \\"Veronica Mars\\" \\"Dawson's Creek\\" and particularly the lethargic Twilight series. Similarities include a platoon of well-groomed, overly pretty twentysomething actors pretending to be highschool kids, which is made particularly difficult because they were cast for their looks rather than their acting ability. The script is pretty leaden, and pretty predictable -- you have seen this all before: \\"Heroes,\\" \\"Roswell,\\" \\"Superboy\\"... Teen-alien-on-the-run poses as human kid, goes to high school and finds loyal friends and love even as bad aliens track him down and cause many explosions and much artless exposition. The film ends on a hopeful note: additional leaden exposition is tacked on telling us that the quest will continue: A sequel?? Wow... let's hope not!! (Axton)
B004SBS8LA|5.0|This is the the ONLY game that I look forward to for updates.. I can't get enough of them..I'm craving more levels!..Please add more soon!
B000294SFW|5.0|I own all of Motorhead's albums and have seen them live every other year or so since the early 80's.  Taking nothing away from any of their other albums, this is #1.  The riffs are fast and furious, the bass and drums are driving and heavy.  Consistent, pounding, head banging metal.  I'm not much of detailed review writer, I just really dig the album.  Rock on.
B006470HZ6|1.0|There was one zombie scene which was rather short & lacking intensity, which was surrounded by the most mundane & disinteresting relationship nonsense.  The sex scene wasn't even played up hot.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|Wow, I purchased over 5 different bumpers and cases via eBay and Amazon and this case is a keeper.  The round circles in the back accentuate the Apple logo perfect.  Pair this with a white iPhone and it keeps the white iPhone's beauty intact.  I've received so many compliments from this case and I highly recommend this especially for white iPhone owners.
0786891416|3.0|if you love Beckett and Castle. Reading about Nikki Heat and Mr. Rook instead, while picturing the actors who play the leads on television playing THEM, is too much work. This is not bad as police thrillers go, but it's no masterpiece. And hiding the facts about whoever writes pretending to be Mr. Castle is a tired gimmick. Watch the series, but read better crafted crime novels. There are hundreds of them on your public library shelves alone.
0446547654|5.0|I opened the box with excitement as I love Sparks' books.  This one had me mesmerized from the beginning and had a surprise ending.  Very insightful!
B005J0VPNC|4.0|as a pro I usually find these sorts of apps 'kitschy' . not this one! very high quality effects. i love playing with this app!
B0052TDGQO|5.0|Service was just expedient, and it's too bad our governmental services don't run as efficient! I would definitely campaign for them to the populace.
B005COO1X6|2.0|Spoilers ahead... no recap though.  If you've come this far, you know exactly what this story is all about.  I haven't read a short story in ages.  Never have been a big fan of them.  When I'm in the mood to read, I want something to sink my teeth into...  Something the alien car and I share apparently...  Of the good... the character development was very good.  We knew just enough about everyone to feel like we knew them.  The flashbacks and the tie-ins with the horse lady were nice.  It was a quick read and it was paced really, really well.  No red herrings.  Everything tied together nicely.  Of the bad... alien car?  Okay, I can stretch and say its possible, but the magnifying glass sending it back outer space?  Ooh, it's cloudy.  Maybe the monster car doesn't like the sun.  Let me try my magnifying glass.  Bye-bye monster car.  Don't get me wrong, I liked this short story up until the end.  It was very anticlimactic in my opinion.  How did I want it to end?  I'm not a writer.  I have no idea, but something besides how it did would've been nice.  I know I'm in trouble when I finish reading something and end up staring at the last page, not blinking, and wondering what happened.    Okay, maybe not so much wondering what happened, but wishing it would've happened differently.
0446585025|4.0|The estimated arrival date is Oct 28, vs the actual Nov 7. Nevertheless, I'm still very happy to receive the book :)
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I love this app. I was always interested in knowing the barometric pressure and finally have a way to do it!
B001FE4I6C|5.0|This book is about much more than rugby. It is how a country can use sport to positively unite its people and avoid conflict. Rugby is a tough game and when you read about the toughest of all singing in a choir (I won't reveal the sub-text) it is amazing.  Nelson Mandela is the standout and this books lifts him to a level of Statesman not seen today.  Please read and enjoy. It is hard to put down.
B00003CXBH|5.0|\\"The Mission\\" is perfect in every way:  the casting, the music, the script, the acting, the cinematography, the directing, everything. If you're a DeNiro fan, and if you enjoy movies that move you and make you think, you will enjoy this one.
B002UAJ0BS|5.0|For those interested in purchasing the 180 gram vinyl, I just picked one up from here hoping it was the 2009 Original Recordings Group (ORG) pressing that Bernie Grundman did and IT IS, on black vinyl. This is widely regarded as the definitive vinyl pressing, sounds INCREDIBLE, and has absolutely nothing to do with the horrid 2011 Deluxe remaster annihilation of the record.
B002TLSSXO|5.0|this is a great set!  i got these as a gift for my bridal shower and i use them every day!  they look great in my kitchen and they are easy to use and wash.  a wonderful shower gift!
B003R0MF1W|5.0|This is the first time I have bought a DVD on line and and did'nt know what to expect but was very happy with my[[ASIN:B003R0MF1W The Mentalist: The Complete Third Season]] purchase. I was recently at the shops and they now have this DVD available, I was pleased to see that 1)I paid less and 2)I have already completed watching it with no problems at all. Very Happy.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I love doing these workouts when I can't run because it's pouring outside.  Also a great way to get back into working out if you have stopped for a while.  It's short and effective.  I'm on level 2 now and it's definitely much harder than level 1.  They may look easy, but it's not.  These workouts mostly use your own body and some dumbbells as resistance.  If it's not hard enough, then get heavier weights and sink down deeper in the squats and pushups.  It is as effective as you make it.    The only issue I have with the DVD is the same as everyone else's, you can't fast-forward through the introductions.  Adds an extra 5 minutes to the work-out because of that every time.
B005I64U5C|3.0|POST-PRODUCTION 3D (converted from 2D to 3D)<br /><br />My ratings are based mainly on the QUALITY OF THE 3D, not the video content.<br /><br />There are 2 out of screen effects that extend about 10% of the way, from the screen to the viewer and another 2 around 25%. The premier OOS effect is at 17:00 minutes, a plasma ball floats for a few seconds making it out to 20%. After the closing credits there is another 5 OOS at 10% and 1 at 20%.<br /><br />Good in screen 3D for a post-production (FAKE) 3D film. There are a few minor flaws and only 3 scenes had easily noticeable 3D defects.<br /><br />*** Not a good film to show off your 3D system ***<br />*** However, the in screen 3D adds to the story line ***<br /><br />MY 3D RATING = GOOD (poor, fair, good, very good, excellent)<br /><br />Note: As far as the percentages go, everyone's eyes are different. What I see at 25% you may see at 15% or 35%. To fully realize how far something is out of the screen for you, pause on an effect and direct a partner with an extended finger to the tip of what you are seeing. You may be surprised.<br /><br />Click on `See all my reviews' for the lowdown on other 3Ds
1451629184|5.0|This is a good book it shows you how bad our system let this girl down. She was held captive all them years when there was plenty of oppurtunity for her to be found but nobody checked into things.
B0014NDXGA|4.0|It was easy to use and very accurate. I recommend thus.product to whoever needs a reliable product for the price.
B005VC4FLW|5.0|My husband and I went to see this movie in a theater in Manhattan, on a whim.  My husband generally tolerates so called romcom's for my sake, however even he loved this movie.  This is one of the most enjoyable romantic comedies we have ever seen.  It has a great cast with great chemistry. It is well written with funny dialogue.  It makes you feel \\"warm and fuzzy\\" when you are done watching it. It is not boring and not a complete cliche, and I think that people of many ages can relate to it.  We will be getting this on DVD!
B00127RAJY|5.0|You will love the results you see from this dvd! Great total body workout! I've recommended it to all my friends ! One of my favorite Jillian Michaels DVD's. So worth the time and money!
B0052GACNM|5.0|Only Tony Bennett could do a duet with the likes of Amy Winehouse and then do a duet with Andrea Bocelli, then switch it around again and sing with Maiah Carey and Queen Latifah !    Each song a new classic !  Wow... Tony does it again !!   His first Duet albulm is awesome also.. if you haven't picked that one up yet, get them both together... !
0756404738|5.0|The second installment was not as stellar - was it because it was not as fresh (obviously)? - I don't know. The aspects of the first that seemed natural got a little rambling here. IMHO maybe 30% too much fairy-time. It seemed very odd that Villain would show up where he did (probably RAFO). Worried about how in the hell this will reach a conclusion in Day Three. Not quite the same problem with the quiet-swordmaster-sex-ninja-time.   But guess what? FIVE STARS because this book is AWESOME. All the above complaints (and I could have gone on picking nits) are very minor. Rothfuss is a really skillful author. He's got a very good story, very good characters, good writing, pretty good world (not the focus)... Just absolutely enjoyable. I cannot wait for the next one, and the next one, and the next one. Nothing more to say. Just give me more.
1582701709|3.0|I read about half of the book which is very repetitive.  I just don't know if I believe in The Secret... I have tried to think of the things I want not like a million dollars, but of a better job etc.  and haven't found it worked.  I guess I will try to stay positive and focus on what I really want, but I'm just not convinced.
1878424939|5.0|don Miguel is truly a master of Love. Coupled with the masterful editing of Janet Mills this book's wisdom is deeply penetrating.  Those of us on a spiritual path often forget that the simplest teachings are often the most profound, serving us from the beginning to the end of the path. Fully living just one of these agreements can transform your life, opening your perception and deepening your experience of Love, Light, and Spirit. A must read!
B003OFHMKO|1.0|I selected this item for an early Christmas present for friends. They were unable to play it and they said it looked worn. Seriously defective. It was very embarrassing that my friends had difficulty with my gift.
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|Our son LOVES the original movie Cars. We have watched it multiple times and were thrilled to see that second movie would be coming out. Within 5 minutes of the movie starting, my jaw dropped and I asked my husband if we should leave. Luckily our 3 year old didn't ask any questions about the excessive violence. I was completely appalled. We weren't warned, and I NEVER would have taken him to see this.  I was, and continue to be extremely disappointed in the plot and execution of this movie. Major thumbs down Pixar.
0756405890|5.0|You should buy this book and then read it, if you like books with stories in them. This is a book with a story, about a story, telling a story. It is a story book. It is a great story. Listen to me: buy this book and then read it; I bet that will make you happy. So dang good (you cannot cuss on Amazon reviews).
B005J0VPNC|5.0|EDITED AND REVISED REVIEW:  Back in November I did have an issue with this freezing up on startup.  I have since uninstalled and downloaded again and it works fine.<br /><br />This is a fun app with various types of scenes.<br /><br />To the developer:  Thanks again for your reply to my review, I'm just sorry I don't get notified with replies nor do we see them using the App Store.<br /><br />All is well now!
B0050SYS5A|1.0|I got this Zoom trying to help me out with the space I have to play in my room. Sadly this piece of junk  left scratches on  my Kinect. The more careful I tried to clip it on, it still managed to leave scratches on  my nicely preserved Kinect. It comes with a plastic film to \\"Protect the kinect from being scratched\\" but it said right there on the instructions, it is included in case you plan to click on and off the zoom( something I didn't wanted to do, since I got the zoom for obvious reasons). So my plan was to install it and leave it there forever? Anyways I tried to calibrate the kinect so many times that I ended up turning off my console, and taking off this garbage...and then....a lot of scratches on my Kinect. If it wasn't because I want my money back I would destroy it until all of my anger gets released....and if I had some extra money I would definitely SUE this company. The idea is great, but the device itself SUCKS Big Time. So DON'T EVEN GIVE IT A TRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0375851569|5.0|This set came quickly and was exactly what I wanted.  I was looking for the hard cover books and was extremely pleased.
B005FUTBWS|5.0|If Red State had been released as having been written and directed by, for example, Richard Stark, that director would be heralded as the new Quentin Tarantino, and assured of a stellar career of edgy, hardcore movies.  Michael Parks is astounding.  He's doing better work than ever, and maintains a spark and originality.  That he's been largely overlooked during the last several decades is a crime.  John Goodman's character is locked into a no-win situation.  You can see him collapsing into himself, and yet bulling his way through to carrying out the mission.  Both of these actors deserve Oscar nominations, as does the movie itself.    This a totally new direction for Kevin Smith.  It's shot documentary-style which doesn't feel at all affected.  The acting is naturalistic, unlike the intentional `stagy' acting in Smith's comedies.  Red State gives an understanding how cult preachers use their charisma to sway and maintain control over their parishioners.  It is genuinely horrific, impossible to predict, and keeps the audience off-balance all the way through to the end.
0061801313|4.0|I like them, they are awesome books .They are fantastic.<br />Personally, I think that are a good gift for a person who likes to read.<br />[...]
B0028MBKVG|5.0|This was the first book, i ordered on my kindle on 12th Oct 2010. I immediately fell in love this book and kindle. Before i continue on review, just want to give a brief background about me .I was smoking from 1995-2008 and I moved to Philadelphia in Jan 2009. I will go gym and try to to run in treadmill i could barely run 12 mins or 1 mile at Max 2 miles with walking stops...and i could barely run half a mile in open air. I changed songs on my mp3 player and put high pitch energy songs  but i could never cross 1-2 miles. Finally i blamed my lungs .  All This was untill I ordered Born to Run in Oct 2010. From first page i fell in love with this book . It questions the very basic existence of human being ?  How did we survive all these thousand years. The book talks about \\"very\\" \\"very\\" basics of running and the books walks thru Raramuri tribes of Copper Canyon , African runners , African Bushmen , MIT sociology labs and some world class Ultra marathon runners .  The central theme of the book is why running is important and why it is important to  run minimalistically .To prove the central theme of the book,  author goes around the world and brings out great examples. If you try to google almost all of his findings or examples author has quoted, You will find them trustworthy.   After i completed this book ,just before the snow hit Philadelphia i tried to run outdoor one day- without earphones and looking at trees and appreciating the natural beauty around me and talking loud....i really enjoyed that run so much..i ran almost 2 miles  just like that.  After that i did not stopped and I completed my first Half marathon and my life's first competitive run  in October 2011 in Nike Free Run shoes in 2hr31mins. Now i am transitioning from Nike Free to Vivo barefoot slowly. Now i always run outside it's being around 1 year i have not run a single day in Treadmill and i never wear earphones , but i do wear waist water bottles :)
0062011847|5.0|Once again, Sir Terry has presented us with another fine Discworld book!  I couldn't put it down. Anyone who likes Sam Vimes' adventures will love this book.
B004LROUNG|3.0|John Grisham used to grab me at 'Hello' and I read until my eyes would stay open no longer.  The Litigators put me to sleep.<br /><br />Yes, the characters are bumbling and sometimes funny.  The young lawyer, so worn out and disillusioned that he makes a break for it and steps away from the big law firm is a sympathetic character.  We want him to do well.<br /><br />Whether Oscar, Wally or Rochelle do well is not really the reader's concern.  Do they deserve to do well?  Are they people we would like?  Probably not.<br /><br />This is an 'okay' book.  Not fabulous like many vintage Grisham books are.  Is it worth the high Kindle price?  Absolutely 'NO'!!!  For this one, you can wait till you can buy it in soft back or get it at the library.  It's not worth the asking price just to be able to say you have read the latest Grisham.<br /><br />Give it a year or two and then, one day when you have nothing else to do, pick this up somewhere at a second hand bookstore.  Believe me, there will be plenty of copies available and you'll get to read it without breaking the bank.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|Whew, boy.<br /><br />I admit I have not listened to the full album, because the samples I heard on iTunes, let's just say, I don't get it.<br /><br />There seems to be some cool riffs by Metallica on here, and some of the songs sound like they could make for a pretty interesting album if it wasn't for the garbage bone-dry vocal rambling over the top that doesn't sit in the mix at all!<br /><br />Good prank guys, you got me.  Now let's get back to business shall we?
B005GVA2L0|5.0|Amy Lee has done it again. Great CD. Anyone who is a fan of evanescence needs to buy this. Cant wait for the next one.
B0031RS2HC|1.0|The worst rubbish I have ever set eyes on in my many years of reading; don't waste your money!!!  Oh well, we learn from our mistakes, hopefully!!
B00475AYJQ|5.0|If 5 stars is reserved for the best books I've read, I'd give this one 6 stars if I could.  The last time I remember being so completely and totally transported to a new world was when I was in my teens (I'm 60 now) and started reading some of the works of Heinlein, Herbert (Dune), and Tolkein.  And I figure I read close to 100 books a year.  I prefer sci-fi, but will try highly recommended fantasy from time to time.  I've enjoyed fantasy by Richard K Morgan, Ian Esslemont, Steven Erikson, and George R R Martin all because they came so highly recommended.  They were all great and I'd read just about anything they wrote based on my experience.  But Rothfuss is in a totally different class.  The story (and I'm including both books of the Kingkiller Chronicle here) is great, but Rothfuss' story telling is extraordinary. I can't even put my finger on what's different, it just is.  It's like the name of the wind.  I can feel it, but I can't call it.  The only downside to reading these two books was the sadness I felt when I'd finished.  I wanted more and I wanted it right away.  Now I know how an addict feels when there is no more drug.  If you want to read a book where both the story and the writting will keep you spell bound, read both of Rothfuss' books.
B0058VW36U|5.0|i actually played through this more religeously than angry birds. requires more skill than angry birds, you will need to have flawless timing skills too.
0517548232|2.0|When I read something I like the whole story with some facts to back them up, but what I got out of this book was a guy with one side of politics while giving his opinion. Although many of his policies I tend to agree with, I just have a really hard time reading something when the entire book (well, I only got around a third way through it) is swung in one way direction. If you like reading about someone's opinion then you'll love this book, but if you're like me and just like cold hard facts leaving it up to yourself at making your own opinion, then don't buy this book.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|this cable is the cable i ever had for HDMI, i buy this cable for my xbox 360 and it working great without any problem not my older cable i buy it about 26 doller and the main problem that the sound it take time about one or two minute to hear it.  this is the best cable ever  if i need HDMI i will go for this one , highly recommeded it
B001UV4XIS|1.0|Boy am I glad that I read the reviews before I bought this.  What a ripoff.    I am so sick of companies doing this to consumers
B005H1SDQU|5.0|I'm a big Genesis fan.  As most of you know, that entails dipping into all the solo stuff, too.    So, while I have most of Steve Hackett's albums, I haven't played most of 'em in years.  I enjoy \\"Voyage of the Acolyte\\" and \\"Spectral Mornings,\\" but even those I don't pull out but once every couple of years.  I saw this new one while at a favorite record store while on a visit back home in Texas and wanted to support the record store, so I bought it and the \\"Live Rails\\" cd set from Steve, too.  I was unprepared for how much I love this album!  It's just fantastic.  Lush music and harmonies and a varied spectrum of sound that harkens back to Genesis' \\"Wind and Wuthering.\\"  I really can't believe how great this is, and I fully recommend it to any fans of Genesis and classic, romantic feeling Prog.  Enjoy it!
0307888681|1.0|I must say this novel VERY BAD and also HORRIBLE. I start sample and try to read it, i cannot get far into it because the story does not exist! It is moving on and on from one character to the next, and I think they all end up dying or something horrible happen to them! This i thought was a zombie story, my mistake, this is like a ZOMBIE DOCUMENTARY it is so BAD and STUPID AND POINTLESS DOCUMENTARY that i could laugh at it! Even if this was movie it would suck, move from scene to scene, all the guys in that movie get bitten or eaten or something. this is just BEYOND HORRIBLE! I rate this 0 star if I could but Amazon won't let me. Now what now? Well if you hated this STYLE rather than the CONTENT then i recommend I AM LEGEND, a classic read. This is the worst book written ever, nothing should be this bad!
B003L77G8I|3.0|I find her boring and irritating not to mention that Booth is becoming more distant now that the relationship between Booth and Bones has soured the interest of this show has pretty much soured for me. The series is still okay but its not nearly as enjoyable as it once was which is a real shame.
B0017SWPXY|5.0|I am a dog lover/owner, but I think anyone would enjoy this great story told from the eyes of a loyal pup. HIGHLY recommended.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|The same great game I played on my 360 I can now enjoy on the go (Not to mention the $3 asking price is far cheaper than the $15 I paid on Xbox Live!)
0307593312|5.0|During the several days it took to read this, I dreamed about 1Q84, I dreamed about Air Chrysalis, and, especially I dreamed about Town of Cats.  No book has so overtaken my psyche since Margaret Atwood's Year of the Flood.  I'll be recommending this one for the rest of my life.
B002SJKWZ4|5.0|We bought this for a friend for her birthday and she said it was the best gift she's ever gotten!  We all had fun programming it and learning how to use it. It was so fun to show other people who didn't know about it!
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Love the CD! My first one from Adele and now I'm a fan for sure! What a fresh raw haunting voice, especially on Rolling in the Deep. This woman sings like she has suffered in love/life and experienced a little taste of sweet revenge along the way and her song's emotions reflect this journey ... you will not be disappointed!
B0058VW36U|5.0|One of the best games ever!! A great time waster no matter what I am doing. Never freezes or makes my phone run slow. Htc thunderbolt
0307593312|5.0|As a huge fan of Murakami this was the book I was looking forward to this year, and it didn't disappoint.   I really didn't want it to end, didn't want to leave Aomame and Tengo  I love Murakami's imagination and the characters he creates and the fun and crazy ride he takes us on.  Not a negative but I enjoyed books 1 and 2 a bit more than book 3.
B003L77G8I|5.0|Every season just gets better and better.  Can't wait for the rest of season 7 -- it's looking good already.  The chemistry between all the characters is amazing.  Even though some things change, the characters and writers seem to always give the viewers what they crave --- more B & B -- Booth and Bones!!!
0060920084|3.0|Detailing two long, looping drives around the United States during the 1980s, Bryson provides a glimpse of what America looked like during this period.  While his tone is often a bit dismissive or snarky, his impressions are necessarily colored by his expectations based on his childhood travel experiences and his adulthood life abroad.  Having visited many of the same places, many within the last couple of years of so, it is interesting to note how little some of these places have changed during the intervening decades since his visit.  My own experiences out west have been similar, in that we traveled a long distance in a short time, and of necessity, didn't have time to explore any place to any great depth, so that my impressions, like those recorded here by Bryson are superficial.  For those looking for an in depth guide to the various destinations Bryson visited during his travels are going to be disappointed.  Bryson didn't spend more than a day in any one place, and often his visits were much shorter than that.  Because of this, the portraits of his stops are little more than first impressions, which is, perhaps, a bit unfair to the people and places he writes about.  But when compiled as a whole, these glimpses into individual locations combine to show how incredibly vast and diverse America is.  This is probably the saving grace of this otherwise pedestrian book...that it highlights the diversity of landscapes and cultures that make up the patchwork of our vast nation.
B002MW50KO|1.0|Unlistenable for even one go around. Co-workers thought it was a parody album. Even before his voice was ruined this would have been a bad idea.
0307946711|2.0|This book was a strange one.  While I liked the storylines between the characters, they themselves weren't developed all that well.  And how could they be, based on this books format?  This book jumps to the same time each year (or years) in the two main characters lives.  I found this frustrating as a reader.  What happened in-between?  How did they get to where they are now?  Some of this couple's major life events are told in a couple of sentences in a 'flashback' of sorts, rather than in real time.  I also couldn't relate to the main characters AT ALL.  It just seemed ridiculous that someone like Emma would put up with Dex's BS for all those years and not just move on.  Dex himself was probably more relatable, but at times I found his actions inconsistent when based on what little we learn about him in the writers annual snippets.  I found myself skimming a lot of this book and not caring how it ended.  That's how you can tell you just read a bad book... :(
B0009W5JS2|4.0|Fun action movie to watch for the guy's.  Ice Cube plays a good action hero along with the rest of the supporting cast.    Gotta love the cars in the movies and a good soundtrack to go with.
B005JU5JTI|1.0|Sadly, I like watching Cameron Diaz...but this was not one of those times.  I would have to agree with most of the rest of the reviews placed for this movie.  Its fairly awful.  If you must see it...rent it...dont bother with buying the DVD as you are wasting a good chunk of change.  I am glad I only rented this online.  Would have been horrified to have paid 19.95+ for this sad trash.
0307454541|5.0|For me this book is the best in the trilogy. I was instantly hooked by the unfolding mystery, literally from page 1. My wife complained I was anti-social that week, and she was right too.<br /><br />You will love this dark story, the dialogue, sense of history, and interesting characters. As a native Swede living in Stockholm, where much of the story takes place, I was delighted to read about my home town, and the other settings as well, despite the many grim things that happen there.<br /><br />Larsson clearly knew how to entertain his readers, and managed to put together a brilliant story. For me, he towers above the other Swedish crime writers with his gutsy, emotional power-writing, which manages to combine so many dark themes, and expose the ugly backsides of our picture-perfect society. I especially love Larsson's ability to uncover hypocrisy in people with power who should know better (a bit like the warden in The Shawshank Redemption). You may find the prose a little cramped at times, but Larsson more than makes up for it with this monster tale of woe and courage.
B004PHE9F6|5.0|This film was shot in 70mm and is as close to hidef you will get in a movie this old. Awesome special effects. The director puts you in the race car in Formula One. A must see for any racing buff. The best racing movie I have ever seen!
B000FC12Z0|5.0|\\"The Murder on the Orient Express\\" is a perfect mystery novel by Agatha Christie where Hercule Poirot is the detective. It takes place on the Orient Express, a train which travels from Stamboul (Istanbul) to Paris. When the train is approaching Yugoslavia a murder occurs and near that time the train has to stop because snow blocks the way. The train staff leader Monsieur Bouc wants Poirot to solve the crime before the train reaches Yugoslavia.<br /><br />This novel is one I would definitely recommend as a detective novel. It is very European in feel. Agatha Christie writes comfortably with both male and female characters and I wouldn't have known her gender by her writing because her portrayal of men is dead-on correct in the manner in which men act. This is a good novel to read on a rainy day with a cup of tea to drink.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|Been over 2 years since I've read a book I couldn't put down.   Don't even own a Mac, or own a pair of Birkenstocks, and love it
B000002KB8|5.0|This is universally considered to be the very first heavy metal album of all time. Black Sabbath played blues inspired rock like their English counterparts in Led Zeppelin, Cream, and Deep Purple but unlike those bands they took it to another level while retaining the truly dark sound and aspect of early African American blues musicians  who created it and changed music as we know it forever. The guitar sound is what makes it Heavy Metal along with a truly doom laden rhythm section and sinister vocals and lyrics. This is overall, my favorite Sabbath record of all time because it just has a special vibe that makes you smile. Black Sabbath started it all, as most know. All younger music fans just getting into metal and rock music should hear this to know where the bands that you like got it from.
B005J2UM9S|5.0|When my friend showed me the trailer for this movie, I immediately had to purchase it. I'm really into the paranormal investigation shows/movies. A couple of my friends and myself watched this movie in the dark and had the volume blasted with a surround sound system. I highly recommend watching this in the dark with a powerful surround sound system, or even with great headphones in. That is, if you're brave enough! This movie starts off a bit corny in the beginning like someone stated in another review, but it picks up towards the middle/ending. Scariest movie I have ever seen in my life. I couldn't sleep that night. LOL!
B0036DD4CY|5.0|for my hardware this video card works great. i am using xp with 4 gigs of ram. i always have preferred ati video products over the others.
1594481717|3.0|Not terrible. Not great. While I agree that right-brainers will become more useful because of automation, I feel that Pink essentially equating Asians with automation was a little short-sided. The reason that large numbers of Asians have become skilled at left-brain type jobs is because that is what the market calls for. When the market shifts to require more right-brainers, Asia will start producing more right-brain workers. As long as they can do it cheaper, they will continue to take American jobs. The implication that Americans are somehow better suited to right-brain tasks is a tad on the racist side.
0307588343|5.0|Everyone in the general public has their own opinion about what happened with Lehman Brothers. For an accurate account you need to read this book. It is informative without being overwhelming to someone who is not really well versed on the inner workings of Wall Street and does offer very basic information on how the markets work. I found it an engrossing read about the situation at Lehman. The book is well written, educational, eye-opening and valuable. It is  truly a tragedy to know that the power a few individuals had at Lehman and some very bad decisions that were made by those people can cause such chaos and the downfall of one of America's most revered financial institutions. We can only hope that those still on Wall Street and others in the financial sector have learned some valuable lessons. Kudos to Mr. McDonald for a great book!
0375851569|5.0|I have really enjoyed my purchase.  I brought them as an educational tool for my 2 and 3 year old grandchildren. Their skills have improved as a result of reading these books and they are also their favorite books. They were reasonably priced. A great investment in a child's education.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|I've been planning on buy this movie since it hit the theaters, but the fact that Ultraviolet is being forced down my throat is very disappointing.  The service is at best mediocre and the idea that movie studios have the right to dictate how I use a product that I've purchase is absurd.  It is exactly this kind of ant-consumer policies and initiatives that encourage people to rip movies in the first place.  Once again, Hollywood is being short-sighted and will likely regret their won foolish decision.  It would be interesting to see how the web traffic increases to torrent sites as this \\"service\\" is rolled out and forced onto an unsuspecting public.
0316044695|5.0|Orwell said it best: \\"People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.\\"  This is an incredible story of some of the roughest, most incredible men in the world. Read this book immediately.
B000065KH4|5.0|The gypsy life has been a part of romantic folklore throughout history. Their strong characters, colorful clothing, and nomadic lifestyle, paint a fascinating picture for the staid communities of our society. This movie supports that frame of mind in a most unexpected and refreshing way.   The movie revolves around a mysterious woman who moves from town to town in the rurals of France, with her young daughter and cremated mother. Like a gypsy, she owns only a few things which she can pack up and carry with her wherever she goes. At the beginning of the movie, she and her daughter relocate to a quaint little village near a river. She sets up shop in the town square and goes about making the most amazing chocolate confections, using her mother's secret recipe, and selling them to the locals.    Then along comes a handsome young man sailing down the river, with a guitar slung over his shoulder. A gypsy in his own right, he moves from town to town along the riverbank, staying long enough to make a little money and stock up for his journey forward.   When Music meets Chocolate, it is love at first sight! The chemistry between Depp and Binoche grows ever stronger with scenes of necking on a houseboat in the moonlight, and images of floating candle lanterns, stormy weather, and arson. Nostalgia overcomes you as the innocence and sensuality of an older era comes to life on screen.
B003R0MEZ4|1.0|No matter what the description or packaging says, IT IS NOT - if that is important to you - don't buy!!
B004SKIPXW|5.0|This movie couldn't have been more corny. But be because I have a 3d TV now I am willing to take risks to enjoy some 3d action. I don't regret purchasing Drive Angry. It's now part of my 3d collection.
1594744769|4.0|When I first started reading this book it felt a little gimmicky, like the author was being forced to write in stories to include the pictures and I was about to give up around chapter 3. I decided to stick it through because it's a relatively short novel and a fairly easy read. I'm quite glad I did because as the author introduces the peripheral characters is when this book picks up. I'm really looking forward to the next book in the series.
B004EPZ070|5.0|Ahh, this movie had that wonderful blend of anticipation and angst while throwing in some humor.  The longing between Rachel & Dex was palpable, which makes it all the more alluring!  While I had not read this book, I have read other Emily Giffin books and was expecting that uncomfortable angst where there is no right answer...where the ending would not be truly happy but I was pleasantly surprised with a pretty happy ending.  Goodwin and Egglesfield provide some delicious chemistry...
0545405777|5.0|As anyone would expect, perfect. The packaging was well, the product was more than satisfactory. I adore having this in my collection. It's werth it.
B004UBB3KQ|5.0|Been waiting for this one for a while! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! All the tracks are on point, such an incredible album!
B0053TMP24|5.0|this book is BEAST. the only bad part is that it is talking in third person instead of first person. i like first person better. this book is still a good book with percy jackson in it. jason grace was the main character in the first book. still, rick riordan, i love your book!!!!!!!!!!!
1451648537|5.0|First, I want to say this is one of the BEST biographies that I have read among the few hundred (Rockefeller, Einstein, Disney, Lindbergh, Vanderbilt, Gates, Ford, Edison etc).  Walter Issacosn did a GREAT JOB in telling Steve Jobs story without getting sucked into Steve's Reality Distortion Field. Moreover, Walter's extensive interviews with Steve and other people (who shared their insights and views) makes this book VERY VERY INTERESTING & WORTH READING.   The book covers all the important aspects of Steve's life (birth, adaption, college days, traveling to India, meeting Steve Wozniak, launching Apple I & II, Next, Pixar, return to Apple and changing the world) at a very high level with some interesting facts, views & opinions from Steve and others (family, colleagues, friends, partners & foes).  Some of the highlights of the book:  1. Listening from the MASTER & GENIUS himself (Steve Jobs).  2. Steve not imposing editorial limitations and or controlling the message (Probably the first and last time).  3. Walter Issacson not getting sucked into Steve's Reality Distortion Field and or sugarcoating Steve's life with only praises.  4. Insights from Steve's family, colleagues (Wozniak, John Ive, Bill Campbell etc), Bill Gates (Friend and Foe) etc....  5. A life that's filled with ups and downs, success and failures, sweetness & bitterness, elegant products and complex personality.  That said, this book is just the beginning and it will be great for future writers to cover  1. Psychoanalysis of Steve Jobs (This will be a GREAT GREAT SUBJECT given how complex Steve Jobs was as a person)   2. Steve Jobs and Pixar story (John Lasseter, Ed Catmull and team)  3. Role of Steve's team in creating great products (Johnny Ive, Tim Cook, Avadis Tevanian, Steve Forstall etc)  4. Steve and his complex relations with women. He was very good to Reed (his son) but I am not sure he was great with his daughters Lisa, Eve, Erin.  All in all this is a fantastic book about an........INSANELY GREAT man called STEVE JOBS.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I was sceptical of all they hype surrounding this book's release, so no one is more surprised that I am giving it 5 stars than I am.  This book is a delightful, enveloping fantasy that makes the reader an actual participant in the plot.  By the end, I truly was a reveur in my own right.  Among the many noteworthy features (lyrical prose, engaging story, full-bodied and emotionally complex character development), I am most appreciative of the way the author, after sweeping the readerinto the plot and action, concluded the book in a way that left the memory of the experience sweet in my mind, as opposed to so many novelists who unceremoniously dump you at the end of the novel and leave you feeling like the work was only three quarters finished, closing abruptly to meet a pulication deadline.  I love this book.
1423140591|5.0|Love this!!!!Can't wait till the next one!!!!!!This book was everything that I hoped for and more!I would defiantly recommend this book to everyone!
B005LJK3AC|1.0|Where to begin?  NOT funny in the slightest:  I didn't even yawn amusingly at one lame joke or gimmick.  Literally.  The script looks like it was written by some junior high boys drinking their first beers, complete with gay and straight sexual experimentation.  Kevin Spacey was the only actor worth watching, and the only boss that seemed even slightly realistic.  Until his jealousy gets the better of him and his gun, anyway, then it's as ludicrous as all the rest.  The story starts and stops with Bateman's musings on bosses, and his is the only character of the three that almost displays some common sense.  Almost, and that's only at times.<br /><br />NO such bosses could get away with 1/10th of what these losers do, especially the reverse sex discrimination (how original---NOT), or rape as it really is, by the very hot Jennifer Anniston character (a dentist?  Riiight).  What would she even see in the little Jewish guy?  A babe like that would NOT be a dentist or hitting on wimpy guys like him.  No way.  Farrell's character was just hideously ugly and disgusting, and not even Martin Sheen could be as blind and stupid about his son's drug use as this characters father (Donald Sutherland) was.<br /><br />Perhaps worst of all, Sudeikis is clearly gay (why anyone would think to stick someone else's toothbrush and every other lavatory item up their butt for a slow deep rub is beyond me, unless they like it, which the character clearly does, since he smiles and sighs with every exertion.  Plus, he uses every item in the bathroom this way.  Nice).  The bathroom scene is bad enough, but then he starts obsessing over getting raped in prison because he's so hot, and how much more raped he'd be than Bateman's character.  Odd that that would be his only real concern, but again, this is juvenile behavior at it's lowest.<br /><br />A terrible movie, one of the worst ever.  I spent $1 to watch it, and I feel ripped off.  If you want to see juvenile frat boys that are funny, credible, and still raunchy and sex-starved, then go see Animal House again.  I'm sure the writers and actors on this trash have far more than just once, since they seem stuck in that mode so badly.ex-starved, then go see Animal House again.  I'm sure the writers and actors on this trash have far more than just once, since they seem stuck in that mode so badly.
B003UYUP6M|4.0|This is a very interesting look into the nature and operations of Google.  It presents some of the character and business model of Google.  It also is a look at the nature and uses of data collected on the internet.  The story about the uses of data mining to help translation services clearly demonstrates some of the surprising aspects of artificial intelligence.      Unfortunately, the later sections of the book do not keep up with the expectations set by the first half.  This may be a reflection of the changing environment that Google and we find ourselves in.  I find this book complements \\"[[ASIN:1591841410 The Search: How Google and Its Rivals Rewrote the Rules of Business andTransformed Our Culture]]
B004W2UBYW|4.0|This book shows the real side of Steve Job. Although ordinary people cannot apply the similar reality distortion as he did, readers may be at least learning something from his stories......
B005HWUBZ0|5.0|Mayer Hawthorne has done it again. His songs are new but sound familiar. Love the \\"Motown\\" sound. His voice is smooth and appealing. The upbeat songs make me dance and sing. This album will appeal to all ages.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|This was very good on time and was right about what they say on the comments if it's perfect then its perfect always comes on time and very helpful!! I love it!!!
B005CMSDKA|4.0|Hanna is an interesting movie, the first thing you notice is that the movie is beautiful, every scene and location is shot with perfection and brilliance making this film a feat for the eyes. The stunning visuals draw the viewer into what is really a pretty weak story. Now the concept of Hanna is not bad, the movie is about a teenage girl who have lived her whole life in the woods with her father, learning to fight, to hunt and to survive. Hanna's only entertainment is a old lexicon and a picture book with fairytales. One day Hanna see a plane going by overhead and she decided that she want more than her life of isolation, her father agree but warn his daughter that there are people who will stop at nothing to see her dead, Hanna can rejoin society only if she manages to defeat and kill those that are after her.<br /><br />Now the above sounds like a pretty good concept for a movie, a young girl raised apart from modern civilization but trained as a soldier since she was a toddler have to fight a desperate struggle to take down the bad guys and rejoin her father. Well yes it is a decent premise, unfortunately this is all the movie is. While watching the film I was completely drawn in by the beauty of it, and by the character Hanna herself which really are fascinating, however at one point when there where only one sixth left of the movie I started wondering when the plot would start. Yes there is some science fiction elements here, it is clear from the start that Hanna is stronger, faster and smarter than your average human but the whole thing is never well though out, there are no plot twist just evil government agency want girl, girl run around and experiences a world she have never seen before and kill someone now and again while looking for her father, that is it.<br /><br />I still think Hanna is a good movie but it stands on it's visuals alone. I really do not get why some call it thought provoking, there is nothing here it is just your basic government experiments with making a super soldier, it go sour and now they are trying to cover it up kind of story, no twists no layers no nothing, and what I have just written is not even a spoiler, it is right there from the start, five minutes into the film you know what the entire movie is about. The action is good, the characters is pretty good, especially Hanna, some of the interactions between characters is good. Hanna is a very interesting watch, but there is hardly any story. I do recommend Hanna, I did enjoy watching it and so did my hubby. I think particularly if you like artsy action movies then you will like this, also if you are looking for something different then Hanna is definitely different, that being said I think it is a shame that the creators of this movie did not do more with it, the concept is brilliant if the story had been better this could have been one of the best movie of the year, as it is Hanna is a artsy science fiction action flick with allot going for it and beautiful, haunting scenery, but that is also all it is.super soldier, it go sour and now they are trying to cover it up kind of story, no twists no layers no nothing, and what I have just written is not even a spoiler, it is right there from the start, five minutes into the film you know what the entire movie is about. The action is good, the characters is pretty good, especially Hanna, some of the interactions between characters is good. Hanna is a very interesting watch, but there is hardly any story. I do recommend Hanna, I did enjoy watching it and so did my hubby. I think particularly if you like artsy action movies then you will like this, also if you are looking for something different then Hanna is definitely different, that being said I think it is a shame that the creators of this movie did not do more with it, the concept is brilliant if the story had been better this could have been one of the best movie of the year, as it is Hanna is a artsy science fiction action flick with allot going for it and beautiful, haunting scenery, but that is also all it is.
0812550706|5.0|I rate this book, Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card, five out of five stars. It follows the story of Ender, a 'chosen one' of sorts, an extraordinary brilliant six year old child who must leave his family and sacrifice what would have been for him a normal life on Earth-- all in order to fulfill the hope of mankind's survival.<br /><br /> Ender is recruited to begin training for the military at his young age in hopes to one day command a starship fleet to end what is allegedly the impending threat of an alien invasion. The transition from civilian to military genius is no easy task for any recruit, especially for the six year-old, despite his natural intelligence and immense capacity to learn. Immediately, Ender with his unusual talent finds himself in an area of social isolation, constantly being picked on by his superiors and singled out from his peers. Ender's isolation only fuels his innovation and creativity during his training; where he fails socially he makes up for in strategic excellence to prove his worth in a merciless system.  Yet, he understands that excelling in following the military training school's orders can ultimately arrive at a cost. Ender is plagued by fears of being molded into a dehumanized, mechanical natural born-killer. The novel represents a struggle between the individual and the system's brutal transformation of the individual to a powerful, efficient, deadly tool.<br /><br />In stead with the true function of any decent literary piece, Ender's Game has helped me develop a furthur awareness of my own individual existential crisis. The novel is set in a fantastic futuristic universe, yet the book becomes highly relatable and personal to the reader, dealing with the key issues of humanity such as love and war and coming to terms with identity in a mechanized society-- experiences  that any human being on this earth has felt torn apart by. I thought it was an amazing novel with a well-developed anti-hero, as well as a fair share of interesting, highly extraordinary yet human characters. I was totally engrossed in the setting and universe, identifying with the feelings and situation of the main character Ender, as well as relating the events in the novel to modern day political scenarios. It was a very interesting exploration of war and military and peace. The ending I liked. It was unconventional. It seemed very hippy and transcendant, forming a bridge between the periods of darkness and light within the character of Ender.  I think Ender is a character we can easily see in ourselves, as well as within the people we love the most.aordinary yet human characters. I was totally engrossed in the setting and universe, identifying with the feelings and situation of the main character Ender, as well as relating the events in the novel to modern day political scenarios. It was a very interesting exploration of war and military and peace. The ending I liked. It was unconventional. It seemed very hippy and transcendant, forming a bridge between the periods of darkness and light within the character of Ender.  I think Ender is a character we can easily see in ourselves, as well as within the people we love the most.
B005IZLPKQ|5.0|My wife and sons saw this when it was in theaters and said I would enjoy it. &quot;I'll see it when it comes out on video&quot;, was my reply. I realize now that I missed out not only on a tremendously fun theater experience, but also on an object lesson on the value of character. C.A. successfully transforms the comic book hero into a man. The defining moment for our superhero occurs just before he undergoes the treatment. Dr. Erskine asks, &quot;You must promise me one thing. That you will stay who you are. Not a perfect soldier, but a good man.&quot;<br /><br />Other pluses: An array of well-developed characters in spite of its genre, a nascent love story effectively carried off by the actress Hayley Atwell, and the defeat of evil personified convincingly by Hugo Weaving.<br /><br />C.A. is an enjoyable reminder in our jaded age that honor and sacrificial love are &quot;super-hero&quot; values that do make a difference. May we all be so transformed.
140130916X|4.0|i had already seen the movie, but there is so much more detail in the book.  it is an interesting form of a love story, a story of moving forward, sad yet happy  too.
0446547654|5.0|I have loved every one of Nicholas Sparks books and this one is no different.  The man knows how to tell a great story.  Thank you again for your amazing talent that you share with all of us.
0756404738|4.0|Whoa... well it's Patrick Rothfuss... It's beatufully written, and well, no complains about the content. But my book came a little bit bruised at the edges, i guess you should be more careful in te pakage and handling
0060507772|5.0|Great read and fantastic illustrations.  I loved sharing the illustrations with my family.  Anyone seeing just the illustrations are going to find it hard not to want to read the book and other Discworld stories.
B0062W2BCK|4.0|I was one of those who mostly gave up on the show last season, but once they brought JJ and Emily back, I decided to give it another shot, which has been an A++ TV watching decision.   The basics of this episode: several bodies are discovered in a lake, and when the team goes to investigate, they find an unsub who is spiraling rapidly downwards. This episode delves into faith vs. myth, and the resolution has repercussions that tie back into the main characters lives (particularly Rossi's).  Overall, another strong episode in a string of them this season.
B005VMVUAQ|2.0|I cannot imagine a movie where N. Kidman and N. Cage blend seamlessly to create a believable world for our entertainment. That being said, this was not only poorly conceived; the acting was lazy and boring. I attempted to look to the set or costume design, or maybe the special effects or story subtext that might give the movie hope, sadly there was nothing.   I would like to see this movie executed properly. Clean up the plot slop and give the ending a face lift and of course, some 'better' actors that appear committed to the film.  THEN, maybe this could make it worth a Wednesday night rental.    Nicole Kidman has the talent to pull off any role she sets her mind to. Ive seen some dynamic and genuinely moving work from her! What happened?  Nicolas Cage is PERFECT if the action and story line can carry his 10 lines throughout the film. He just cant carry a film in any context.   Watch some PBS and safe yourself a wasted night!
0385535139|5.0|Selling seven million copies, The Firm is the best legal thriller John Grisham ever wrote. Until now.<br />Some said his star was fading as the Mississippi-based author of 23 novels left behind the glory days of The Rainmaker, A Painted House and the Pelican Brief and dished up ordinary fare like The Broker and The Brethren, which broke the hearts of even his rusted on fans.<br />Grisham is at the top of his game introducing us to the law firm of Finley & Figg whose bread and butter is chasing ambulances, quickie divorces and DUIs.<br />Sandwiched between a Vietnamese massage parlour and a lawn mower repair shop, the self-styled `boutique' firm of bottom-feeders is cheek by jowl with mega successful suits in a Chicago neighbourhood teeming with sleek litigators.<br />One of these is David Zinc. Whereas 62-year-old Oscar Finley, once a beat cop who cracked too many skulls, and his junior partner Wally Figg, aged 45, who is all bluster and frayed ethics, David Zinc is a Harvard Law School graduate slaving away for 100 hours a week for a ritzy firm with 600 other lawyers.  One morning he snaps watching well dressed zombies ride the elevator to another day of useless labour, gets drunk and gets fired.<br />I wondered about Grisham's sly humour as Finley is an ex Copper, which together with Zinc form the alloy of Brass, a fair description of their mettle when the three rag tag litigators stumble into a class action lawsuit against a big Pharma company who's latest cholesterol drug is killing people. Zinc's old firm are the big guns set to blow the ambulance chasers out of the water before lunchtime. God bless corporate America.<br />With nuanced characters, pacy plot and masterful storytelling, The Litigators is a return to form of the like Ian Thorpe can only dream about.<br />Highly recommended.
0756404738|5.0|I loved Name of the Wind but I am in love with A Wise Man's Fear. I love this book so much I can't describe it. I want it to go on forever. It's a book I will recommend and keep on my shelf until I have to take it down again to read. Lush and wonderful, a brilliant story.
B004LUHQ1G|4.0|There's a reason that most Foo Fighter concerts are generally set-lists of their greatest hits. The Foo Fighters have been one of those bands that seemed perfect for the digital age , after all there records have always included a few mind blowing tracks that hinted at the band being Nirvana's natural continuation. But there's no Pearl Jam like changes from each and every night when the band hits the road, this is a singles group as the Foo Fighters actual albums have been consistent at being inconsistent.<br /><br />On Wasting Light however, the Foo Fighters for the first time in their career, have put out a record that can only be described as a great record. Even the first single, Rope, while well-received, doesn't leap out as the clear best track on the album. Perhaps that's because on this album, the Foo Fighters sound like the Foo Fighters. When considering the bands previous line-up changes and dabbles into acoustic ballad territory it seemed for years the band was unable to craft a Vs. or Dirt like collection of memorable hard charging rock n roll.<br /><br />Wasting Light is a pure blast of alternative rock n roll energy that ranks up there with some of the best early 90s hard rock/grunge records. The guitar playing is aggressive and hooky, with each song able to sustain the momentum from the previous one. Also, bringing in Bob Moulds on Dear Rosemary allows the third track on the album to leap off the speaker as an almost historic coming together of two rock legends. Where before the Foos seemed scared of their place in history, with Pat Smears back in the fold, Kris N. contributing bass on I Should Have Known, the Foos on Wasting Light take their place as a historic rock n roll band.
B004U52VPS|5.0|My son just received this toy for his 6th birthday and he loves it.  It is very age appropriate. I would recommend not buying it for a child under 5.  It does takes cordination to set-up the different missions.  We play this game on a tile floor and get the biggest kick catapulting the birds to knock over the pigs.
0486446859|3.0|I bought this book because many reviewers said the illustration quality is excellent.  I beg to differ.  When the book arrived, I was disappointed.  Many were just shades of brown, almost to the point of looking muddy.  I compared several illustrations to some recent photos on eBay in advertisements for Rackham illustrated books, and found that the color was actually much better in these eBay photos for a particular illustration than in this \\"treasury.\\"  For the price, it is a great collection of Rackham illustrations.  Just be aware that the color reproduction may not meet your expectations.
6304711891|5.0|I bought this movie for my husband. We use to own it on vhs, but then we upgraded and didn't own it any more. This is one of his favorite movies, he was so happy to get it!
B003R4ZJQG|5.0|Stephanie Plum is my driving companion, and I always enjoy listening to her latest antics on books on cd.  This was a great find, and delivered quickly.  Very reasonably priced too!
B002ZG97EC|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies!! I got it for supper cheap, and it was a great buy! It came on time, and I watch it at least once a week.
B004LROUW2|2.0|Per early reviews I pre-ordered 1Q84and really looked forward to reading it.  I was very disappointed in the writing and found the stories tedious.  Quit at 13% on my Kindle.
B000JQUMPI|5.0|I remember opening up this book one day when I was in a particularly melancholy mood. After reading a few chapters of this book, however, I found my heart warmed to its very core.  I cannot even count the amount of times I shed tears while reading this book. Mr. Laurence and Beth's relationship is beautiful. The unbreakable bond of the four sisters is heartwarming. Laurie's friendship with the girls is moving. The connection between the girls and their mother is tender.  <Little Women> is...  A captivating little novel that makes one remember that there are things more dear on this earth than money, fame, and other worldly things.   A story of four magnificent young girls who go through sorrow, joy, suffering, and happiness to grow to be great women, all wonderful in their own way.  Louisa May Alcott's way with words makes one adore the American language, as Alcott uses her words to paint the best picture of the welcoming home of the March family.
B005LRWRZ8|4.0|I pre-ordered this album as a bundle through Megadeth in three versions (Limited Edition Double Vinyl Picture Disc, US release, and digital download), and also have since purchasced the Japanese version that has the bonus track Public Enemy Number 1 (live) as the 14th track.  After listening through it several times, this is more polished/mainstream than the last few albums, a bit of a through back to the countdown/cryptic writing albums, but most like The World Needs A Hero album. Hero is one of my favorite albums.  The Idea to re-record some of the older demo songs (N.W.O. and Millenium of the Blind), video game songs (neverdead and sudden death) and bonus track songs (like black swan from United Aboninations) appears to flow together fairly well on this album for me. It is nice to finally get these put together on a disc with plenty of new material also.  My favorite track overall is Black Swan, I like this newly finished version compared to the demo from United Abominations, and for the new songs for this album, I like the self reflective track 13 that finishes the album, and the lead single Public Enemy Number 1 is very good also. Check the video out for Public Enemy, a new step for megadeth.  Plenty of riffs and melody again mixed into this.  Definately a must for fans. Likley one of my top 10 albums for the year.
B0053YGYO4|3.0|I've been following Coldplay since 'Parachutes', and each successive album has been just a bit more of a joy than the last.  Unfortunately, Mylo Xyloto has been the kind of album that I loved the first time through, kinda liked the second time through...and slowly the more I listened the more it just seemed to dwindle and disappear into forgettable territory.  After a 42-second throwaway opening, the album's first real track 'Hurts Like Heaven' is simply fantastic...though I was surprised at how much I had to adjust the sound.  This is a Coldplay album:  I shouldn't feel my subwoofer punch me in the gut or find myself turning the volume up (and Loudness on) just to try to bring the vocals out.  I've heard other reviewers say that Mylo Xyloto has been overproduced and I tend to agree:  I've listened to it in my car, on computer speakers, and on headphones and it really doesn't sound like the studio did it any favors.  Chris Martin has a beautiful voice, and as usual he sings quite well.  Unfortunately, it all seems to fizzle out after the opening, into a series of tracks that simply don't hold up to repeat listens.  By the time we reach \\"Princess of China\\", their duet with Rihanna, the shoe seems to be on the other foot, and it's like listening to a Rihanna song in which she hired herself a really good back-up band.  Throw in a few less-than-a-minute interludes and you've padded yourself out to fourteen tracks.<br /><br />\\"Charlie Brown\\" gives us a sound reminiscent of The Cure, right down to the bass line.  Unfortuately, the jangling beats that would be carefully balanced in a Cure song seem instead to be pushed to the front:  they're downright harsh on the ears.  \\"Us Against the World\\" is about as minimalist as it gets...and, sadly, more boring than ballad.  \\"U.F.O\\" is much the same, though it gets lifted a bit by the string accompaniment.  A very clever reviewer here (M.C. Tolen - link in the Comments) pointed out the similarities of this album to U2's 'Achtung Baby' in that it was an attempt to stylistically play the field--the song \\"Major Minus\\" sounds like it could just as easily have been on a U2 album and felt right at home.  I think the weirdest thing about Mylo Xyloto is the track \\"Up in Flames\\":  it seems to have the exact beat of Massive Attack's \\"Teardrop\\" (which many know as the theme song to the TV show \\"House\\").  The thump-click-pause-repeat sound is overproduced, making an already-extreme rhythm sound even more overblown.<br /><br />If you're new to Coldplay, you might find the catchy pop hooks enjoyable here;  just keep in mind that while Mylo Xyloto wants to offer you plenty of style, you'll get more substance out of their earlier offerings, such as 'Viva La Vida' or 'A Sudden Rush of Blood to the Head'.  For me, those are more likely to be pulled off the shelf 6 months from now and played again.hat it was an attempt to stylistically play the field--the song \\"Major Minus\\" sounds like it could just as easily have been on a U2 album and felt right at home.  I think the weirdest thing about Mylo Xyloto is the track \\"Up in Flames\\":  it seems to have the exact beat of Massive Attack's \\"Teardrop\\" (which many know as the theme song to the TV show \\"House\\").  The thump-click-pause-repeat sound is overproduced, making an already-extreme rhythm sound even more overblown.  If you're new to Coldplay, you might find the catchy pop hooks enjoyable here;  just keep in mind that while Mylo Xyloto wants to offer you plenty of style, you'll get more substance out of their earlier offerings, such as 'Viva La Vida' or 'A Sudden Rush of Blood to the Head'.  For me, those are more likely to be pulled off the shelf 6 months from now and played again.
6305633177|5.0|This dvd is great cause  it gives ya cool footage of the classic years with Cliff Burton,  James Hetfeild, Kirk Hammet, Lars Ulrich & Dave Mustaine & like I said above it's this dvd along with ride the lightning & the single, one, that made me a permanent supporter of the music, a must have for hardcore fans>:)
B003AKEINC|5.0|This was my third pair of Keen sandals and the 4th Keen product that I have owned.  Unlike many products that the build quality deteriorates over the years, Keen has managed to maintain their quality in the process and their customer service has been excellent.  The purchase from the vendor through Amazon was spot on!
0307477479|2.0|I don't take joy in bad mouthing an author.  I can only imagine the amount of time and research it takes to write a novel and to put your entire heart and soul into it.  With that being said, I can not put into words the disappointment I felt when I finished this book.  I had looked forward to reading it for weeks and when I finally did I found the character completely unlikable, self centered, and in my opinion too numerous.  The plot, well I'm not sure what the plot of this book is.  I read a review that said something along the lines of each chapter read like a short story and I would agree with that.  If this book was published as a collection of short stories I probably would have appreciated it more.  But when the author jumps from past to present to future, from character to character, narrative to narrative, all depending on the chapter the book becomes tiring.  It took all I had to finish this book but I was determined to finish it, even the ridiculous chapter toward the end when it was 50+ pages of \\"slides.\\"
B004UXUUDA|5.0|I am a sucker for period pieces, especially about periods I know little about. \\"Sarah's Key,\\" about the notorious (and too-little known) Vel D'Hiv roundup of French Jews in 1946, fit the bill perfectly. The story centers around Sarah Starzynski, whose family is removed from their Paris apartment during the roundup. Sarah hides her young brother from the French police, and for the rest of the film, she attempts to reunite with him. But the film has a modern aspects as well. Journalist Julia Jarmond (Kristin Scott Thomas) has married into the family that owns the apartment vacated by the Starzynskis. Following a series of clues and her own research, she attempts to find what happened to Sarah and her family.<br /><br />The film has several facets that raise it up from a standard Holocaust film. One, the film focuses on the willingness of the occupied French government to go along with Nazi aims. Second, I appreciated the bilingual script - French characters did not have to speak English, helping to retain historical accuracy. And finally the complexities of connecting families -- after 60 years of intervening history - was believably fragmented and uncertain. But the biggest factor in the film's favor was the casting of M&eacute;lusine Mayance as Sarah. M&eacute;lusine's emotive eyes, her childish courage and desperate love for her family make her the most heartbreaking young heroine since Fantine in \\"Les Miserables.\\"<br /><br />\\"Sarah's Key\\" is so touchingly real that I wanted to know more about real-life fates of the film's characters. For those who want to learn more about the role of France during the war, the film provides ample and unsettling mental images. But for a story of love, betrayal and sadness that reverberates over the generations, the film has few equals.
B001B1R1EU|5.0|I have searched for trumpet plays and found this. I like bronze instruments. Also have some plays in french horn.  Trumpet has a special emotive sound for me. I knew only one play of this disc and heard others by Winton Marsalis on baroque music. Maybe one of those will be the next.
B0006J28L4|5.0|I read Alex Haley's \\"The Autobiography of Malcolm X\\" as a youth, long before I could really understand its flow of street life, drugs prison, and black nationalism. Yet I recall how X's passion, eloquence and honesty permeated every page. Spike Lee's \\"X\\" is a superb rendering of the bio. Denzel Washington is the ideal man to carry off X's simmering rage, sense of justice and golden tongue.<br /><br />The film gives us X's life - from his family life in racist Nebraska, through his hustling years in Boston and New York, through prison, conversion to Islam and eventual assassination at the Audubon Ballroom in 1965. Whether you agree with his views or not, there are few heroes like the man X became - courageous, single-minded and dedicated to the betterment of his people. Denzel gets him just right. Whether as a shy youth getting his hair conked for the first time, or a small time hood bluffing his way into leadership, or as a charismatic preacher wrestling with betrayal and uncertainty, Washington's portrayal is pitch perfect and believable. The film does not shy away from X's controversial and inflammatory rhetoric. His \\"Chickens coming home to roost\\" comment after JFK's death statement is well known; Spike Lee gives more context to the remark, but it still stings. And calling Martin Luther King, Jr. an \\"Uncle Tom\\" horribly misrepresents King's approach and his courage. But the film does not fail to leaven the fiery rhetoric with the cool of X's love for his family and his race, and his capacity to learn. His hajj to Mecca shortly before his death opened his eyes to the possibility that all men are brothers under heaven.<br /><br />While, at one time,  X would have dismissed this white boy as unhelpful to his cause, I was impressed by the power of his words and the depth of his commitment. And I am impressed by how Spike Lee negotiated the twin shoals of hagiography and criticism to show this man of complexity. \\"Malcolm X\\" is a work of love for a man who continually sought justice and the truth. It subverts the simple tale that X was a bogeyman of violence and hate. It's a story that needs to be told more widely, along those of those of safer. More familiar faces in the struggle for civil and human rights.the truth. It subverts the simple tale that X was a bogeyman of violence and hate. It's a story that needs to be told more widely, along those of those of safer. More familiar faces in the struggle for civil and human rights.
1856697525|5.0|The one and only monograph on the prolific image maker. From revolutionary title sequences to groundbreaking print design to experimental short films, this is the comprehensive source. Beautifully paced and balanced across 1400+ images in 424 pages. Some pages are stark, allowing the work to breathe and the viewer to focus. Some pages show a calculated edit of images, that tell a longer story. From start to finish, this is a beautifully told story.
B005PMNBNG|2.0|I must be weird because I really dislike this album as whole.   Way too long, way too much filler of endless droning noise, way too many throwaway tracks. There are all these annoying sub-2-minute long tracks of almonst new-agey noise that could (maybe) be fun in concert but are a total snooze at home. I'll probably just delete them so I don't have to deal with skipping them every time.   It's super disappointing to me because I adore their singles, but this album just seems pretentious and self-important. There are some truly great tracks mixed in there, but if I had to do it over, I would just stick to individual tracks and save some money.
0440244412|5.0|This is the first book I read from Karen Moning and was immediately hooked.  I have since read the other books in the series.  This is fantasy lit at its best.
B004UC4HCG|5.0|I needed a media centre PC, and looked at plenty of boxes.  However, I am a Shuttle fan, and opted for this model, with the i7 CPU and 8 GB ram.  Easy to assemble, nice to look at, and, IT WORKS. I had doubts about the power of the on board graphics, but 1080p movies play back without fault  It is also quiet.  I found that it worked well with 8 GB ram, but now positively flies with 16 GB.  I'd not hesitate to buy again.
B005N0C0JQ|5.0|Noel Gallagher was always the master mind behind Oasis and for almost a decade we were aware of that with their two most remembered albums that defined a whole generation (which I was part of): \\"Definitely maybe\\" (1994) and \\"(What's the story) morning glory?\\" (1995). Then, after a couple of years later and with changes in the band, Noel started to let the others (Liam Gallagher included) to come up with ideas or whole songs of their own to give Oasis an \\"expansive\\" sound. I always thought that when this started happening Oasis started to lose something... something that only Noel always gave the band and that was the identity in sound and style during the period of those couple of albums mentioned above (maybe \\"Be here now\\" (1997) could be mentioned too but, this was nowhere near their predecesors). Then, after years of fights between the Gallagher brothers, they split up in 2009, and that is exactly where the band members had to prove their own skills on music.<br /><br />Early this year, Liam and company released their debut album with their band \\"Beady eye\\"... an album that was far from being a classic and instead, shows a band that has no direction nor identity in any of their tunes. Honestly, that album was pretty boring to me and the million dollar question was: Would Noel step up with his solo record over the uninspired \\"Different gear, still speeding\\" (Beady eye)? The answer couldn't be more obvious. \\"High flying birds\\" is a whole musical experience seen from Noel's eyes. And each and every song has something to offer one way or another. \\"Everybody's on the run\\" is an instant classic, \\"If I had a gun\\" is an awesome tune written with Noel's pen without any doubt ad \\"Stop the clocks\\" is Noel's intentions to approach the magnificence that The Beatles always did with these kind of songs. On the other hand, \\"Dream on\\" and \\"(Stranded on) the wrong beach\\" sound more to Oasis tracks (I would love to listen Liam's voice on \\"...wrong beach\\"). As far as songs like \\"A.K.A What a life!\\" is concerned for some strange reason it seems to me that the guitar parts Noel plays here are inspired by The Smiths's beloved Jonnhy Marr.<br /><br />Noel is starting now to get used to the fact that now he is on his own on this and that his music must sound as original as ever in order to keep on going. And if his 2nd record is as good as this one, we might be talking about great records written by him just as John Lennon did his after The Beatles broke up.life!\\" is concerned for some strange reason it seems to me that the guitar parts Noel plays here are inspired by The Smiths's beloved Jonnhy Marr.  Noel is starting now to get used to the fact that now he is on his own on this and that his music must sound as original as ever in order to keep on going. And if his 2nd record is as good as this one, we might be talking about great records written by him just as John Lennon did his after The Beatles broke up.
1932735410|4.0|Very good study guide, but better off purchasing from Ritas website where it is cheaper.  Also, took 2 weeks to arrive by mail, where orders from Ritas site arrive in three days.
0374275637|5.0|The excellent style of writing in this book makes it a very interesting and easy read.  It's brilliant insight into human thinking.<br /><br />sb
0061122416|2.0|I ahve not yet received the book, i purchased the book on 8th October 2011. Its been already a month. I dont understand why the book is taking so long to reach here. I just hope i will still receive it.  Thank you.
B004XDYJRU|5.0|use it for listening to my espn and games anytime. love this app couldn't do without it. it has not failed once.
0451219597|5.0|One of my favorites from Ken Follett. Book is exciting from beginning to end and keeps you turning the pages!
B005GSY23M|5.0|I originally just wanted the first five songs on this album, you know, the ones that are available album only. But well, when the price dropped to five bucks, I figured I was just getting those anyway. Now I'm kind of glad that I got everything, because Cliff Martinez outdid himself here. I guess the music fit in the movie so well I didn't consciously acknowledge its brilliance, but listening to it by itself is a real treat. Everything from eerie ambiance to pulse-pounding action is represented. I already had Cliff's Solaris soundtrack, which I love. Happy to add this one. So if you're iffy about paying for the whole album - go ahead! You won't regret it.
B0014VQGX4|5.0|This is a fantastic backhoe for anyone who loves trucks and building materials.  You can either use this inside or outside in a sandbox.  It's very detailed and of sturdy design so it will hold up to even rough play.
B00009Z574|5.0|TORMATO was one of my favorite \\"albums\\" on the 1970's, with what I thought was the greatest diversity of songs that YES ever put into one release.  This is one of my \\"albums\\" that proved how resiliant vinyl could be.  But the cd version with the extended play of additional tunes is the improvement I had waited for, for years.  It reminds me of the fact that the classic lineup of YES musicians remained dynamic and insightful, right until this \\"final\\" disc of that YES era.
B000NH7SZ0|4.0|I was a bit shocked to find the range of price on this item and was glad to find a much lower price and a well rated seller on Amazon.  The memory arrived in perfect condition as promised, the only problem I had was getting it into the printer.  Very happy buyer (and a very happy wife) wish I had upgraded the memory years ago...  Should the need arise, I'm a repeat buyer.
B003YL4LYI|5.0|I enjoyed this book, yes it was slower than I would have wanted, and yes it was long awaited and long in the reading, but it was a overall a good read. The 4th and 5th book are obviously setting up the 6th and 7th book. this may make some people mad that they are not stories in their own right, and could not stand without the aid of past and future books, but I can see how they are necessary for the series to continue. The characters in these books are what makes the story. These are books are him developing characters for future books.<br /><br />If you want to read the whole series, read these books. If you like the first three than you need these for the last two. If you do not want to read the series, than do not read these books because you will be lost.
1451629184|5.0|Book is well written, very sad story for Jaycee to go through but she does a phenomenal job of expressing her situation and how she dealt with it.  Peace for you and your family Jaycee!
B002MFV2IK|3.0|... but it's a bit dark and twisted in a negative way. Two aging women, played by gorgeous but aging actresses, make fun of plastic surgery and black magic to the extreme to keep from aging and dying. The problem is, the body still takes all the damage, but it just won't die. Luis and Priscilla (other Amazon reviewers) have given you a great synopsis of the show itself, so I won't get into the plot line.<br /><br />What I will say is that if you think about this from the Hollywood perspective of aging actresses who aren't aging gracefully vs. those who are, there is even MORE humor to be found in this movie with a bit of political commentary about the aging of gorgeous women in the public eye. I loved that aspect of it.<br /><br />Meryl Streep does great straight-man comedy in this and Goldie Hawn is no stranger to comedy, and this role fits her well, especially if you keep up with anything in her real life outside of the movies.<br /><br />Now, before you go and buy or rent this movie to watch, you should know that it's a 'stoopid' movie. That is, it's meant to be silly, outrageous and over the top, so don't be disappointed when that is exactly what happens. It is completely, totally over the top. You'll fail on suspension of disbelief over and over again, but that is exactly how it is supposed to be.<br /><br />If you want something that is just silly, fun and easy to watch, this is a great show to spend watching on a rainy afternoon when you have nothing better to do. Enjoy it and laugh!
B004W2UBYW|1.0|Seriously the book could be written better, which surprised me since the author is highly respected.  I really did not know alot about Steve Jobs or Apple so the book filled in alot of information.  When I completed the book I just felt that it was incomplete, I wanted more information on Jobs, I found alot of the same information on the web that was in the book.  I am glad I read the book but there seems to be alot lacking.  R. Hamilton also writes a more thorough review here on Amazon.
1595826971|5.0|the style of the art work in this book is to simply put it incredible. i have never played this game but this book cand easily make a person want to check it out. this is what alice in wonderland could look like in a dark animated film could be. truly remarkable its a must have.
B0047VEE0U|5.0|Was actually anticipating this, being a Harry Potter fan, and an avid collector of limited edition CDs and DVDs.   First impression after opening the box?  I was kinda awed to be truthful. The glossy and shiny cover was impressive, although not very well designed, but it does captures attention.   Upon lifting the cover, I saw the Certificate of Authenticity, cant remember which number as I'm reviewing a few weeks after getting the set. All very nicely done up.  After that, the disappointment starts. First I noticed that all three disc were out of their holders and kinda sliding around. Sadly, the DVD was quite badly scratched. Video quality wasn't affected thankfully. Other 2 CDs were also out of their holders, but luckily not sliding around. I initially wanted to get an exchange for the DVD, but considering all the hassle needed as I'm ordering from Singapore, and also that it really wasnt anyone's fault other than maybe the manufacturer or the shipping company, I decided to just accept it.   Other than the flaw about the DVD, the rest was good. Quality of the film cells were immaculate, as was the poster and the score. I was actually hoping that they would send the entire score of any one song, autographed by Alexandre Desplat, but the single sheet that they gave instead would do as well.   Vinyl disc was nice and of good quality, soundtrack was good, especially with the bonus tracks. Really helps me get into the mood of the story even deeper.   All in all, wonderful collector box set, a sure must if you're a fan of Harry Potter or of limited edition sets. Despite the scratches on the DVD and the single sheet of score, I'll still give this 5 out of 5 stars. Hopefully Amazon would offer to replace the DVD for me though.
1933492929|5.0|i recieved this item recently and i got to say this produt is a must have for artist who are looking for a inspirational source. those who are still pondering whether or not to get this item just go ahead and grab it the price is resonable for such a great book.
B003XF1XOQ|4.0|I liked how this book started out, but I didn't like how it ended. I felt like there was such a build up to the climax of the story and then all of the sudden it was over and I kinda felt cheated.
0307595579|5.0|This is a great series.  Couldn't put it down!  The way the series was compiled was great as well.  I love the \\"throwback\\" cloth covers.  Very unique.
B000ZNRBK4|5.0|I must say that the 18-55mm kit lens doesn't look that great with the small front lens element, but this hood adds the sense of professionalism into it. I don't really know if it really work to keep unwanted light away (I've been using it for 1 1/2 years), but I put it on anyway in all shooting situation. Get it if you have the kit lens like me and want to boost the appearance of it!
B004SH40BQ|5.0|I love that it's small and compact. The range of the transmitter is significant and allows me to have complete control of my headphones.
B005RAO0GS|5.0|For years I have always been wary of buying the 2nd album of an artist that I have fallen in love with because usually the 2nd album is a let down in more ways than one so now I rarely purchase the 2nd album after sampling the songs. With Florence + the Machine, I listened to the B-sides and didn't find any song that I liked which was sad since I absolutely LOVED every song on the first album.   So naturally I was expecting not to enjoy Ceremonials and it wasn't until I saw the video for \\"Shake It Out\\" and listened to the song that I became excited about the album. I sampled all the songs and noticed that although they were good, they were a bit different but I took the chance and downloaded the album anyway.  I must say that at first, there were only about 2 or 3 songs I liked immediately and they were Bedroom Hymns, No Light No Light, and Shake It Out. The rest of the songs didn't actually hit me until later because while I was listening to the album, I was craving Florence's voice that she belted out in Lungs but in this album, though she sounds magnificent, you don't get to hear her as well. In other words, with Lungs, it was as if Florence led the music but with Ceremonials, it's as if the music is leading Florence.  I've had the album for a week and I must say that I love it just as much as I did Lungs and there are songs that I listen to over and over again. But the only thing that is a let down (and a very small one) is the fact that due to all the instruments and choirs and back-up singers, you don't get to hear that AMAZING SULTRY voice that was the staple in Lungs.   If I had never heard Lungs and had only heard Ceremonials, I would think that Florence Welch was a pretty good singer. But having experienced Lungs over and over, I know that she is an extraordinary singer!!!! I just wish this album showed that as much as the first but I still love it and can dance to it like the first.   It's still quirky, soothing, true to heart, and I love the spiritual feel to it.
0385732554|5.0|Outstanding book! What a concept, this world of Sameness. No hills, no sunshine, no rain, no snow.. No love, or other emotions we experience on a daily basis. A woman and man are paired together, they get each one boy and one girl.. job assignments.. Another big one is NO color..<br /><br />What happens if you should get \\"released\\"? Lots of questions will be answered in this book.<br /><br />When you are a \\"twelve\\" you get your job assignments. Jonas is so excited, but at the ceremony he is passed over. At first he is embarrassed but then he gets the greatest honor of all. To be a \\"receiver\\". Jonas has no clue what that is about, but what it is is, the \\"receiver\\" gets all the memories, good and bad and keeps them so that if the community has a question, they can go to the receiver and see if their idea is a good or bad one, because they know everything about why they made the rules the way they are, because of pain, hurt etc.<br /><br />I hope I can explain it half as good as the book does. LOVED this story. I won't say any more, but if you haven't read this book YET, order it RIGHT now! You won't want to put it down! I recommend this book to everyone!
B004I8WD6E|3.0|I love the case. The only thing I wish could have been made better are the grips. its flat on the back of the phone but the design is in it so you dont really feel the bumps.
B005LY4B0A|4.0|crashes too often [for 5 stars], but the incredible puzzles will have you entertained for weeks! The best part? NO ADS!!!
B0035KGWR2|5.0|Its really a great disc.  Amy Macdonald has a beautiful strong voice.  Her music is different and fun.  Great disc.
0307593312|1.0|I like Murakami and I read most of his stuff. I am just sorry that I cannot say anything positive about this novel. This book was released in Korea quite while ago and many people have read it and I haven't seen anybody who liked it.
B001HN6922|1.0|Very disapointing!! Not at all like first Cars movie.  Lots of weapons and shooting, spies ang killing. Once again Disney has made a movie aimed at young children with adult themes and humor that is not appropriate for the developing young, hearts and minds of the next generation! Preview before deciding to allow your children to see this!
B004UG7RQ0|1.0|The cable jive did not work for my mercedes benz c300. It did not detect any ipod therefore it could not receive signal on the stereo plug end.
B005LZW9CG|5.0|Genesis singer and drummer Phil Collins released his second solo album Hello, I Must Be Going! in November of 1982.<br />Phil Collins made Hello, I Must Be Going! during a busy 1982 which saw him play on ex-Led Zeppelin singer Robert Plant's first solo album Pictures at Eleven, tour with Genesis that summer, oversaw the production of Genesis' Three Sides Live album (US and European issues respectively), produce an album for ex-ABBA singer Frida and drum at the very first Prince's Trust Concert for Jethro Tull, Pete Townshend, Kate Bush and Robert Plant that busy year.<br />Like his previous solo album, 1981's Face Value, Phil plays drums and percussion, does all vocals and keyboards (save \\"You Can't Hurry Love\\" where Peter Robinson plays them) and is joined by co-producer/engineer Hugh Padgham, Genesis touring guitarist Daryl Stuermer, bass player John Giblin (and Mo Foster on tracks 6 and 7) and the Earth Wind and Fire horn section a/k/a The Phoenix Horns for another superb solo album.<br />We start with the great rocker about the disgust and apathy of being ridiculed and having one's name dragged in the dirt called \\"I Don't Care Anymore\\" which was a huge rock radio hit and still gets airplay on classic rock stations aside \\"In the Air Tonight\\". Next is the upbeat \\"I Cannot Believe It's True\\" which is a great number despite the fact it flopped as a US single. Next is the great rocker \\"Like China\\" which has Phil superbly singing in a Cockney English accent and superb solos from Stuermer (this was another US rock radio favorite at the time of its release). Next is the atmospheric rocker \\"Do You Know Do You Care\\" which has droning keyboards, exploding drums and guitars and Collins' vocals overlaid on that airy soundscape. He also made his trumpet playing debut on this track. The first side ended with his faithful note-for-note (but a step and half lower than original) cover of The Supremes' 1966 hit \\"You Can't Hurry Love\\" which was Phil's first US Top 10 single reaching #10 in early 1983.<br />The second side of the album starts with another US FM rock radio favorite at the time of the album's release called \\"It Don't Matter To Me\\" which has a nice horn riff from The Phoenix Horns and great guitars and drums. Next was the album's first single in the UK (which flopped in the UK), the haunting \\"Thru These Walls\\" which tells of a weird man's need to either listen with a glass to the wall or stare out at the window at goings on, where he wants to touch someone and cannot in the cold world. Next is the piano ballad \\"Don't Let Him Steal Your Heart Away\\" which was released as a single in the UK but flopped and was overlooked in the US for years, great number. Next is the instrumental \\"The West Side\\" which is one of Phil's best instrumentals and has great sax work from the late Don Myrick. We close with the sad but tender and beautiful ballad \\"Why Can't It Wait 'til Morning\\" which is Phil on piano and vocal and the strings, and nothing else.<br />Hello, I Must Be Going! reached #9 on the US album charts and would go Platinum upon its release and Multi-Platinum a short time later and rightfully so as Phil proved he was not a one hit solo album wonder and would go on to bigger things with both Genesis and on his own as the decade wore on.<br />Now in 2011, a limited edition remastered CD version is released superbly done by Steve Hoffman. Plus, the booklet contains all of the original vinyl artwork (including the gatefold picture collage and images of the custom labels that were on the original LP issue of this great album).<br />HUGELY RECOMMENDED!early 1983.   The second side of the album starts with another US FM rock radio favorite at the time of the album's release called \\"It Don't Matter To Me\\" which has a nice horn riff from The Phoenix Horns and great guitars and drums. Next was the album's first single in the UK (which flopped in the UK), the haunting \\"Thru These Walls\\" which tells of a weird man's need to either listen with a glass to the wall or stare out at the window at goings on, where he wants to touch someone and cannot in the cold world. Next is the piano ballad \\"Don't Let Him Steal Your Heart Away\\" which was released as a single in the UK but flopped and was overlooked in the US for years, great number. Next is the instrumental \\"The West Side\\" which is one of Phil's best instrumentals and has great sax work from the late Don Myrick. We close with the sad but tender and beautiful ballad \\"Why Can't It Wait 'til Morning\\" which is Phil on piano and vocal and the strings, and nothing else.   Hello, I Must Be Going! reached #9 on the US album charts and would go Platinum upon its release and Multi-Platinum a short time later and rightfully so as Phil proved he was not a one hit solo album wonder and would go on to bigger things with both Genesis and on his own as the decade wore on.   Now in 2011, a limited edition remastered CD version is released superbly done by Steve Hoffman. Plus, the booklet contains all of the original vinyl artwork (including the gatefold picture collage and images of the custom labels that were on the original LP issue of this great album).  HUGELY RECOMMENDED!
0316098329|4.0|I was very skeptical that I would like this book when I started it, but it was recommended highly to me, so I thought I would give it a go.  I'm not someone who enjoys reading depressing things for entertainment, so you can see I had some doubts going into this.  I'm very glad that I read it.  What a hopeful book, despite the sober material.  In an effort not to spoil people who haven't read it, this is all that I'll say, except that I'm going to give this book as a Christmas gift to a few selected people.
B0055V6EZE|5.0|I love the show \\"House\\"  and I thought this music is great too.  I have played it many times now.  It has nice separation between the speakers too.  It's my kind of music and a change from what we hear all the time.  Just the kind of thing you would hear in a \\"Blues\\" restaurant in New Orleans.  In fact we were in a restaurant in Ohio 2 nights ago and I thought they were playing Laurie.  I enjoyed the music and asked if they could tell me what they were playing.  But it was a station of some kind and they couldn't.  But the music was very enjoyable, just like this CD and we enjoyed the music while we ate our food.  Now I must find out if it was Hugh Laurie.  I may need another, pure enjoyment, CD.  This CD starts with a wonderful piece on the piano playing \\"St. James Infirmary\\".  Then goes into more guitar and his voice is a little rough but it is the type of song you just want to sing right along with while you are tapping your foot and doing reviews :) great!!!
B00006GEB4|4.0|Yoshimi Battles the Pink Robots is probably tied with Kid A for my favorite album ever. I picked it up on vinyl recently for about $30. I was hoping for that kind of money it would be heavier, something like 180 grams, but, alas, it's not. The vinyl is a translucent orange color, with some basic artwork inside, but nothing special or fancy. There was no mp3 download ticket inside.<br /><br />It might sound like I'm whining, but it's only because this is the third time I've bought this album (after CD and that 5.1 DVD). The music is absolutely incredible. (Side 2 begins with Ego Tripping, btw.)<br /><br />If you have to get Yoshimi on vinyl, here it is. But don't expect any type of special treatment.
B000TDGGRY|5.0|I read this sometime after reading an earlier novel in the series 'Map of Bones.'  This seems to pick up right where that left off even though there is a book between them.  That being said, this story can easily be picked up without reading any of the prior books.  Like the last one, this story reminds me of an Indiana Jones adventure.  I actually liked this more than the last because it had better flow.  My only problem with 'Map of Bones' was that although the story was great, it was very drawn out.  If you enjoy indiana Jones or the da Vinci code this will be right up your alley!  I will be purchasing the next in book in this series now!
B005O30Y5Y|2.0|First off let me say that I loved this movie! I have the digital versions of Half Blood Prince and Deathly Hallows pt1 that I love to watch on my computer and iPod, and was looking forward to getting the digital copy of DH pt2 as well. Unfortunately for some reason, someone at WB decided to go with Ultraviolet/flixster for the digital release this time around. Too bad.  I tried Ultraviolet/Flixster with my digital version of The Green Lantern and after going through the whole sign up install was unimpressed to say the least!  I want to watch a movie (That I paid for) on my computer, NOT have some sort of social experience! Sorry WB, but I'll hold on to my money for another time.  :(
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|hard times to get thru this arrogant trash,<br />this would be a good weapon to make Guantanamo prisioners talk, play it loud !
B005J29HCQ|5.0|It's such a pleasure to have this. Big fans of the elusive SMiLE have collected and exchanged various speculative reconstructions over the years, cobbled together from session tapes that emerged. When the new recording was released in 2004, we had to accept the sanctioned sequence--we're not likely to ever know what Brian originally planned.  It's not clear that Brian knows, or ever knew.<br /><br />But, the 2004 recording with all its merits and notwithstanding the heroic contributions of the Wondermints and Brian himself, still wasn't quite what we need. There's no shame in Brian not being able to sing the way he did when he was a young man.  From that version, \\"Surf's Up,\\" was a disappointment. Brian just couldn't get close to the glory of the version of Surf's up that's been out since 1971. (This matters because, to my ears and to a good number of others', \\"Surf's Up\\" is the most beautiful pop song every created.  For that song, and for much of SMiLE, we have needed those astounding 1960s vocals.<br /><br />So, along comes this package, following the 2004 sequencing, the official assemblage of the original tapes, with those beautiful vocals.  What's shocking to me is how close this comes to feeling complete and finished. There are some rough spots here and there but, listening to it, it doesn't sound like a substitute for the real thing.  It sounds like the real thing.<br /><br />I add my voice to those who'd like to get a stereo version at some point.  Apart from that, this version of SMiLE is so very satisfying.
B000059590|1.0|while trying to purchase this item, I noticed that some versions had area location restriction, I double and triple checked this items discription before making my purchase so you can imagine my suprise when I found that the copy of Billy Elliot I received was not viewable in the US.  they have my money, however I do not have a usable movie.  very misleading, I would never purchase from this supplier again and strongly recommend you go elsewhere to make your purchases.
1594203059|1.0|First off, I have to note that Ferguson is an economics professor and not a history professor. Second I must contest with his view of the world, although the West has had a relative cultural Hegemony for the last few centuries. But that ignores contributions to culture and technology that came from the Ottoman Empire, Qing China, Safavid and Qajar Iran and other Early-Modern empires.<br /><br />His use of the \\"Killer Apps\\" is for the most part inaccurate (and with the Work ethic part, blatantly racist) ignoring the fact that outside of the Western World many of the advancements in science and technology had been found centuries before; the term feels like it's simply there to attempt of get young people to believe his archaic glorified white mans burden shtick.<br /><br />At best this book is inaccurate, at worst it's racist. His ideas died with Churchill, and that's where they should have stayed.
B0015DWJX2|5.0|I listened to the audio version of this book and really enjoyed it. The style of writing reminded me of D.E. Stevenson, whose books I loved as a teenager. The tone of the book is happy and amusing, yet there were a few parts, talking about the war, that brought me to tears. As the story progressed, I could hardly stop listening. Even after a 4 hour drive, I sat in the driveway with the radio on to hear the next letter. I am recommending this book to all my friends!
B004CFERLC|4.0|I have always had pretty good luck in purchasing a Sony product and this is no different.  READ the installation instructions and you should have no trouble at all. The only issue, if any, however is the music editing program that comes with the turntable.  Make sure you have everything required to use the editing software. Sound card, proper input jacks, etc....  If you do the proper research beforehand then this should work flawlessly for you..
B004J4RQIM|5.0|The content of this album is absolutely incomparable, great selection of songs and beautiful arrangement made by David Foster. It is a great buy.
B000JIJPZY|4.0|I got this used from a local shop, and I have to say, it was totally worth it.  I suggest to other buyers out there, check your local craigslist postings and thrift shops for your baby items.  Alot of the stuff was used for a month or two, and is basically in new condition.    My daughter loves this playmat and is fascinated with all the toys.  The pillow seems a bit silly, but otherwise a wonderful purchase.  I love that you can re-arrange the way the toys are places since it doesn't hook together any specific way.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|The Movie is expectacular, amazingly directed and the visuals are well crafted, the visuals are very realistic, and a well budgeted film in 2011. Absolutely a collectors item.
0316098329|5.0|This is an OMG-I-am-riveted-to-my-seat-and-can't-put-this-down-OMG novel. Wow. The perspective is incredible and chilling. It's actually hard to describe it further without spoiler alerts, and since I purposely knew nothing about the book before reading it, I won't ruin it for anyone else like me. All I will say is that the \\"second half\\" of the novel is not quite as smooth as is the first. Nonetheless, the topic is a very challenging one, and Donohue does a remarkable job sticking the reader in the \\"ROOM\\" she's created. Wow.
0671042858|3.0|I had a hard time deciding whether to vote this as a 2 or a 3. I ultimately chose a 3, because it is an average read when comparing it to most books; but it is not what you would probably expect from Stephen King. To me this seemed a short book, that had a way of drawing on and on. Still good writing though, and the story is interesting in it's own respect.<br /><br />A must read for those \\"true\\" Stephen King fans, because, well, what book he's written isn't? NOT one I would suggest for first time ventures into the masters works.
B005FVFWOI|5.0|This is from the 2-cd version. Not being a scientist, engineer, nor musician, I don't know about all the technologies involved. I will state this is one of the finest sounding cd's I've ever heard. The upfront presence is especially evident on the drums. No hiss. Extra details I've never heard prior on the instruments. Also, I especially like the fact \\"Wind Up\\" plays at the same level as the other tracks instead of being significantly quieter at the beginning than the rest of the album. The bonus tracks aren't super-important IMO. Nor are the vinyl and surround treatments included in the upscale set. I'm grateful the original album delivers on every level. The booklet is amazing, also. I'd like to see Living In The Past get the same treatment.
B0057O6IDW|5.0|Lucio Fulci. If you're a diehard gore/horror/grindhouse/exploitation/cult movie fan, this man's name and legacy is instantly recognizable. From such classics as Zombie, The Beyond, City of the Living Dead, The New York Ripper and this,  The House By the Cemetery, you know what you are getting:all-out gore,violently creative and graphic deaths,zombies,laughably bad dialogue, some of the worst editing ever and to-be-expected awful English dubbing(considering these are Italian films).  This one is no exception,delivering all the goods as expected. A NY moves into a New England house,with a sordid past. Not surprisingly,that past has never left.Macabre and frightening things soon happen. WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS  We get not only some really good gore,such as a bloody killing with a poker,a struggle with a bat,very bloody throat slashing/decapitation,and ultimately severed limbs and guts all about during a flashback, but this has a genuine creepy and frightening atmosphere, which you will not get most of the time in this genre. Classic horror film and haunted house flick musical score. The editing is as problematic as ever, like the rest of Fulci's catalog;pointless cuts and uneven structure. To the point of irritating. Dialogue and acting are(again like all of other Fulci's films)so bad it's hilarious, but who watches these movies for that anyway??? Only the editing is the flaw that bothers me.  Once again, Blue Underground has a done a terrific job on this BD release. Presented in it's original aspect ratio of 2.35:1,anamorphic, with an English DTS-HD 2.0 track as well as the original Italian mono, with English subtitles. Audio is clear and sharp, no problems. Picture is as vivid as you can hope for an aged,obscure title like this. Just the right amount of film grain, I did not notice any problems with DNR or compression. Colors are sharped then they've ever been. In fact, I doubt this movie has ever looked better.  Boasts a whole truckload of extras,with all but two(TV spot and poster/still gallery)being in HD. There is a deleted scene without sound, pretty much an extension of the bat-attack aftermath. The first interview with the lovely and still beautiful to-this-day Catriona MacColl and Paolo Malco is fun watch as they give their recollections and commentary. The other interviews I have yet to watch, but I'm sure they are all worth the time.  A solid release of another solid Fulci classic, this one is not to be missed for Fulci fans, gorehounds, and horror fans in general.
0307454541|4.0|I chose this book because I read some great reviews and was not disappointed. My analogy of the book is as follows:<br />I felt the book dragged on for the first half of the book, literally. I read it on my kindle and it really didn't bring the action and pace together until 50%  of the book was read. I continued on because of the reviews though it was hard at times because of the language barrier. Names, places and money were all terms I found a challenge at times to stop and think who, what, where, when. Thankfully there is a family tree which is very helpful to keep up with the names. None of that is of course the writers fault but the issue remains, the story took too long before things actually started happening.<br />The plot was terrific and I was not disappointed. The reason I gave this story four stars instead of five is because I was disappointed with the way he wrote the ending. Too much time was spent writing the first half of the story and I felt rushed in the end.<br />There are two plots. The first one involves the main character and an industrialist. This part was raced through in the end of the story and I felt like he really didnt spend enough time on it. The disappearance of the girl was a great story however.<br />Just remember when reading this book, don't give up. It takes some time for the story to develop but it's well worth it
B0045DO8LA|4.0|RIOT ACT is Pearl Jam's most Buddhist album, and that's a very good thing.  I actually have no evidence that Eddie or any of the other band members are Buddhists, but some of the lyrics convey Buddhist insights, it seems to me.<br /><br />For instance the great opening track by Eddie Vedder, \\"Can't Keep,\\" which features Adam Kasper's piano, includes the lines \\"I don't live forever, you can't keep me here,\\" and \\"I will live forever, you can't keep me here.\\"  Paradox, but either way we are leaving our bodies and our lives when we die.  We certainly don't live forever in any literal sense -- impermanence is the nature of reality.  On the other hand, \\"I've lived all these lives... I will live forever.\\"  Reincarnation is hinted at, but it could simply mean that we live on through those we touch and the stories they tell.  The singer also says \\"Forgive every being the bad feelings,\\" an attitude of compassion and forgiveness.  The song makes you think.  It suggests a mystery, and an open-ness to change, and complete  liberation.<br /><br />\\"Cropduster,\\" with lyrics by Vedder and music by Matt Cameron, is another great song.  \\"Everyone is practicing... but this world is an accident.  I was the fool because I thought I thought the world -- turns out the world thought me.  It's all the other way round, we're upside down.\\"  This might sound grim to some, but the song ends on a very uplifting note, with the refrain \\"the moon is rolling round the world\\" and a sense of spiritual harmony and peace.  For Buddhists there is no separate self or separate things at all -- all is interconnected, we are One.  We are parts of a larger whole, the separate Ego is an illusion.  In any event, it's another great song.<br /><br />Of course the best-known song from RIOT ACT is \\"I Am Mine,\\" one of Eddie's best ballads.  The assertion of self here is classical Western individualism, not selfless Buddhism.  But it is certainly compatible with a journey of self-discovery that might lead to selflessness down the road, a necessary step in jettisoning dogma and social conformity.  A beautiful and powerful song.<br /><br />The first six songs, culminating in \\"I Am Mine\\" are magnificent.  They would make a 5-star EP.  Unfortunately the same high quality is not maintained throughout the rest of the album.  At first I was not impressed by \\"Love Boat Captain.\\"  Eddie's lyrics are trite.  But the song is emotionally powerful, and it works as part of the six-song opening.  \\"Save You\\" is angry, an attempt to help a friend.  \\"Ghost\\" is about moving on, about change.  Impermanence.  A great song by Jeff Ament and Vedder.<br /><br />Eddie's \\"Thumbing My Way (Back to Heaven)\\" is lovely, but not among my favorites.  Matt Cameron's \\"You Are,\\" with Vedder co-writing the lyrics, is a great, funky,  revolving riff.  Like \\"Love Boat Captain\\" the music is more powerful than the lyrics, and \\"You Are\\" is a classic example of a song that could be about a lover, or it could be about God, or it could be about the Universe -- who is it who is \\"a tower of strength to me\\"?  \\"You Are\\" implies something deep and spiritual, but does not dictate the interpretation to the listener.  Cameron's \\"Get Right\\" is one of the weak tracks.  It's loud, noisy, but doesn't do it for me.<br /><br />Now we come to the political portion of RIOT ACT.  I wish these songs were more effective, I certainly agree with their sentiments.  The best is \\"Green Disease,\\" a great rocker by Eddie that condemns greed and asks those who believe \\"there can't be better ways\\" to \\"feel this world with your heart and not your brain.\\"  \\"Help Help\\" by Jeff Ament does not impress me musically.  The falsetto chorus of \\"tell me lies\\" doesn't work like the falsetto \\"hallelujah\\" in \\"Do the Evolution\\" on YIELD.  But the lyric is good -- following the election of Bush, and 9/11, and the subsequent wars, Ament says \\"the man they call my enemy, I've seen his eyes -- he looks just like me, a mirror.\\"  \\"Not my enemy, no, not my enemy -- don'tspeak for me.\\"  Stone Goddard's music for \\"Bushleaguer\\" is good, but I'm not that impressed by Eddie's spoken-word poetry.  The chorus \\"blackout weaves its way through the cities\\" seems to indict Enron, but that public-spirited corporation is not mentioned by name.  \\"1/2 Full\\" by Vedder and Ament is OK, but the best part is the line \\"far from lights of a city, the elements they speak to me -- whispering that life existed long before greed, balancing the world on its knee...\\"<br /><br />\\"Arc\\" is a stunning wordless vocal by Eddie.  \\"All or None\\" rounds out RIOT ACT on a note of despair.  A close examination of the lyric indicates that rather than a critique of the government or war, it is a self-critique, a realization that perfectionism can be paralyzing.<br /><br />Though the overall album doesn't maintain the same high level, the first part of RIOT ACT makes it one of my favorites among Pearl Jam records.is good, but I'm not that impressed by Eddie's spoken-word poetry.  The chorus \\"blackout weaves its way through the cities\\" seems to indict Enron, but that public-spirited corporation is not mentioned by name.  \\"1/2 Full\\" by Vedder and Ament is OK, but the best part is the line \\"far from lights of a city, the elements they speak to me -- whispering that life existed long before greed, balancing the world on its knee...\\"  \\"Arc\\" is a stunning wordless vocal by Eddie.  \\"All or None\\" rounds out RIOT ACT on a note of despair.  A close examination of the lyric indicates that rather than a critique of the government or war, it is a self-critique, a realization that perfectionism can be paralyzing.    Though the overall album doesn't maintain the same high level, the first part of RIOT ACT makes it one of my favorites among Pearl Jam records.
0525423656|2.0|* Some mild spoilers below*  This was a disappointing follow-up to Matched.  There is nothing that actually happens here.  There was no tension, no build up and no grand insight into anything the first book had tried to set up.  Although it's told through alternating points of view (Ky's and Cassia's), it's remarkable (in a bad way) how similar their voices sound and how both characters know the same exact things.  For example, Ky realizes that it was Indie and not her mother who had tried to take off in a boat, and a few chapters later Cassia, who had been told Indie's story maybe 100 pages earlier, has the same insight for no reason.  Another example: Cassia is a known sorter, and, gee, it winds up that Ky is also talented at sorting, and as they plod along throughout the book, they evaluate the people around them the same way.    What's the *point* of having two points of view when they're the exact same person?    Plot-wise, I wished for some tension as Cassia takes off to find Ky, but even with bombs raining down and side characters quietly dying in the background there was no doubt that the two would find each other only to make up some other reason why they couldn't be together.  In all honesty, this book reads like they're not supposed to wind up together anyway and I came away not caring.  It didn't feel like the author even cared about this one.
0316010669|5.0|Fortifies, with proof, the belief that trusting your own instincts may be one of the most important of all life's lessons.  There's so much more to your \\"gut feeling\\" then you can ever know.
B005CMSDLE|5.0|I found the pace of the movie to be fantastic ! Her abilities were impressive and very accurate. However the plot gets a little spacey when she does get caught. No matter that only lasts long enough for a quick bathroom stop. lol  Then it is in full force chasing all the way. more please..
B004WYYI7Q|5.0|A very interesting and well researched book about ordinary folks who have achieved financial well-being.  Proof positive that it's your bottom line(net worth) that makes the difference in your true financial independence.
0439023513|2.0|I flew through the first two books and was ready for more.  Unfortunately, things came to a dead stop after a few chapters.  While the action in the other books was gripping and seemed non-stop, Mockingjay dragged on and on.  I can hear the editing staff, \\"Suzanne, we need more filler.  There isn't enough here for a whole book.\\"  Or, maybe there were ghost writers involved that bumped things up and filled in the blank pages with side stories and tedium.  The action in the Capitol, near the end, is interesting but then breaks down into a never-ending, bloody, gory mess.  And then, in a matter of a few pages everything gets wrapped up.  I liked how the closing wasn't a sappy, happily-ever-after ending.  But by that point, I really didn't care where the characters ended up.    Read the first few chapters, skip the middle, and read the last chapter and the epilogue.
0066620996|5.0|One of the absolute best business books of all time.  A must read for college students on up to successful executives.
0066620996|1.0|the problems with these types of books is that it purports that some businesses are just above and beyond others.  Well, that is untrue.  I can recall in my position as CFO when our chairman got hold of this book.  It was rammed down through the company as the only way to run a business, that what these guys are doing is so wonderful and \\"great\\".  Actually a year after this was published it was outdated and if you checked on everyone of the companies mentioned they were all in dire straits and ready to fail.  i guess that;s why the author jumped on the \\"fail\\" aspect and said...hey I can get another million bucks by selling another cheesy business book full of \\"hot topic of the day\\" remedies for success.  Funny how nobody ever mentions common sense in these books.  Actually, this book and it's \\"concepts\\" nearly brought my company to its' knees.  Luckily most of us saw the light and diverted before it could destroy the company.  So, buyer beware.....this book is full of nonsensical methods of becoming \\"great\\" for a day.
0070511136|5.0|Everyone involved in Selling must read this book.  Key takeaway is understanding the power of the questions you ask.  Asking great questions is a key to success no matter what area of work you are involved with.
0670022411|2.0|I did not feel like this book was written for adults plus the story felt more like a romance novel with vampires as the main characters. If you would like to read a \\"good\\" historical novel written for adults which also includes vampires then read The Historian by Elizabeth Kostova.
1416955070|4.0|I saw my first Cassandra Clare novel at the Auckland Readers and Writers Festival where I attended the Fantasy talk. Having never heard of her I was amazed to see a whole group of teen girls who queued up to have their books signed. They were obviously big fans. They were also unusual at the festival - young teenage girls don't attend Reader's & Writers Festivals unless the writer is very very special.<br /><br />As you may have gathered if you follow my blog, I read a lot of intermediate age fiction 'teen fiction' - and I enjoy it. I've always loved these books and no matter how old I get, I still do. So I bought the book City of Bones.<br /><br />It's a refreshing setting, New York City, with an interesting premise about angels and of course demons. The characters are well drawn, engaging and the action fast paced. It's all you want in a fantasy novel and I really enjoyed it. She comes highly recommended and I have gone on to read the whole of this series. I will be reading her prequel series as well.<br /><br />Like a good novel I found myself wanting to be a Shadowhunter or to be Clary, the heroine who discovers Shadowhunters stabbing a boy to death in a nightclub, a boy who just disappears. I recommend you grab City of Bones and escape to New York to hang with Shadownhunters and see what unfolds ...<br /><br />Author of In the Realm of the Golden Queen
0553801473|5.0|Like a lot of others, I was fed up waiting for this book. When it finally arrived, my concern was would it be worthwhile? Yes and yes and yes yet again. The pace may not be to everyones liking but for me it was akin to the tangled webs of John Le Carre's spy novels. The various plots are carefully and slowly developed, sometimes colliding oft times proceeding in unpredictable directions. Like the preceeding volumes, it is the development of the characters that makes this book so good. There are no 'black' or 'white' personalities here - the sadistic, the fanatical, the insane, the devout, the bloodthirsty all get their say.<br />And then.............he leaves us teetering on the edge.<br />Alright George.....enjoy the plaudits, take a well earned break and, then please get started again!
1439156816|5.0|This product came in great shape and in good time.  The price was reasonable and the handwritten note was a nice touch.<br /><br />Great book!
B000WD66BM|5.0|If you love Heavy Metal melodies, along with operatically soaring vocals with a little growling from the bassist, then you're in luck, because this cd has all that and a whole lot more. I bought this with very little introduction into the band or the music, but I'd highly recommend this to anybody without hesitation. I've never heard anything quite as lovely as the musicianship and the hypnotically soaring vocals taking me to places I've never been to before. If you're a explorer or risk-taker, then give this cd all of your mind, I believe you will not be disappointed.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|Excellent Series with superb acting!! A must have for any history buff. This drama is based on actual events with some added fictional accents that make it a master piece. Everything from the dialogue to the armor worn by the soldiers is impressive. Rome the series is great and you will love it.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I've just bought this new bluray release of Star Wars, and the final product is amazing, the best quality ever and a very good amount of extra content.
B005J7CRNC|5.0|I would like to review the songs on the album altho I know I would love all the songs.  I've seen them twice, In San Franciso and Las Vegas, they're awesome
B000068TPN|5.0|I have always liked Mel Gibson, but now i am not shamed to say that I love him. Hell, I'd marry him if he asked me right and got me drunk enough. This film is the best Vietnam  war film I have ever seen and up there with the best war film.   The action is unrelenting in its intensity and violence and added to this, almost entirely true to life. I was rivetted.   Sam Elliot, minus his famous mustache, was as good as Mel, if not better. He had all the best lines.  5/5 stars. highly recommended
1416589473|5.0|I usually don't read much, but since I have been playing Guild wars for the past six years or so, I decided I might as well indulge in some of it's reading outside of the game. I enjoyed the book a great deal and found it enthralling to once again be inside of Tyria, other than in front of my computer screen. The characters all come together nicely while they bicker amongst one another throughout the read, and you can feel the presence of each of them quite nicely, even from the get-go. The battle scenes feel a little rushed, but do the job nicely, and you can feel the characters each casting their own skills on the skill bar -- its sweet. By far, though, the Lore of Guild Wars is the best part, and kept me really interested and delighted to flip through the book to find out more. Although, I feel the authors could have made the book a bit longer and elaborated more on some of the lore of Guild Wars.  My only real complaint about the book, that took me out of Tyria, and back into my room was the plot inconsistencies. For some reason, on a couple of occasions, the authors could not keep the storyline straight and confused happenings in Lions arch with occuring in Divinity's reach. It was enough of a distraction for me to yell at book and tell it that the incidents actually happened elsewhere as it previously described, but not enough of one that I felt it ruined the book.   If you played Guild Wars, particularly through Prophecies and Eye of the North, Pick this book up and read it. Well-- what are you waiting for?
B0064742MU|3.0|I happened on Once Upon a Time by accident and the first two episodes had already aired. Once I watched the show I was certain of two things: This is a different take on fairy tales and someone needs to ramp up the acting.<br /><br />The biggest problem with putting across a show based on fairy tales is that the actors must be fully invested in the story and believe they are the characters they portray. Most of the acting is flat and uninspired and the actors' tongues are too prominent in their cheeks. Snow Falls came closer to what this show could be and I think that was because the actors have had a little more time in their parts.<br /><br />Snow Falls is a very different take on the Disney version of what happened to Snow White after the huntsman let her go and took a hart's heart back to the Evil Queen, and I don't remember reading in any version of the fairy tale that Snow White turned thief and terrorized the rich to keep for herself. That was unexpected and quite delightful. For the first time, I believed Snow White AKA Mary Margaret and that bodes well for the rest of the show.<br /><br />Emma is not nearly as surprising and tends to be flat and ho-hum about her part, even when cutting down the Mayor's apple tree. I wanted to see glee and a healthy shot of \\"I can hurt you, too,\\" coming from her and it just wasn't there. The most exciting part (a previous episode) was the long shot of the tree being cut.<br /><br />On the whole, the show is new and the actors not all that well known, which could play in their favor. Except for Rumpelstiltskin, who is devlishly demonic and gleeful, if not a little mad, the rest of the cast has a lot of work to do. Snow Falls was a step in the right direction and Snow White/Mary Margaret took the lead. Here's hoping the rest of the cast can muster their tongues out of their cheeks and get down to business with zest and zeal. I have my fingers crossed.
0525423281|5.0|Title: Lola and the Boy Next Door<br />Author: Stephanie Perkins<br />Publisher:  Dutton Books/Penguin<br />Publication Date: 2011<br />Source: Library (sigh, mine's amazin)<br /><br />Genre: YA Contemporary Romance. Swoooon worthy. So well done it borders on ridiculous. So if you're looking for a no magic lovey dovey romance with some edge (just a slight one), then this is the book for you.<br /><br />Cover: I like it. You know I normally detest covers with real people on them with this unbridled fiery passion. Well this one is okay. The people look how they're supposed to look, give or take, and it definitely captures the feel of the book and Perkin's style.<br /><br />Plot: The book sounded good to me right off the best. Wacky want to be costume designer in a love story? Sign me up. But then I read a little more about it and was slightly worried about it maybe not being my style. But it was. The pages practically turned themselves, after the first few chapters, and I willingly went along for the ride. Put it this way, I started it last the night before last and had it done by 3PM the next day, and that's with work in between.<br /><br />Romantic Element: Yes, there is a love triangle, but this one seems authentic, even though I know that love triangles may be a little overdone for some of you. I still like them IF they're done well, not just thrown in for some oomph. This one was authentic. Very, very well done. And yes, if you have a hankerin for some Anna and St.Claire, they're in there, but I felt like they weren't necessary but nice to have, you know? As far as the guys themselves go, there's a bad-arse rocker boy, my normal type, and a dorky lovable, dorky, did I say dorky?, adorable guy who is just...adorable. So, I was happy. Perkins went light on the rocker boy, but I still say he was there almost the perfect amount.<br /><br />Overall: if you even remotely like contemporary romance, Stephanie Perkins is your go-to. I've made her official mine. I didn't think I'd heart contemporary romance, but Perkins has made a believer of me, yet again, I might add.er of me, yet again, I might add.
160094048X|5.0|I've made about a dozen of these recipes and they've all been great. A few have edged their way into my Top 10 Cookie Recipes of All Time list, which is not an easy accomplishment! Hooray for this square cookbook!
B0062LU85S|3.0|I like the Twilight soundtracks, \\"New Moon\\" being my favorite, and this is another good addition. I bought the Deluxe because it's the same price as the original, but the three bonus tracks are lame. There's also a behind-the-scenes of a music video, but it's also lame. Why would I want an instrumental version of \\"Eclipse (All Yours)\\"? I could just listen to Howard Shore's score for that. If you can get it for the same price as the original, then go ahead (it's three dollars more on iTunes), but don't bother paying extra for it.
B004LWZW4W|4.0|A very smart, sensible way to reboot the franchise, enriching the legacy left by the originals while paving the way for fresher material. It does struggle through a few minor glitches - some terribly forced one-liners and a stereotypical redneck jailer spring to mind - but at heart it's a bright, challenging take that takes its time, delivers a few powerful moments of revelation, and doesn't look or act like your typical CGI-driven action dump. James Franco has shown more versatility in previous leading roles, but his character in Apes is intended to be about as straightforward and vanilla as it gets, so that's precisely what he delivers. The real focus is on the apes themselves, anyway, with whom the picture treads lightly amidst some very tricky material. It often toes the line between excess and believability, but never gives in fully to temptation and emerges as a far better film for exercising caution. An intriguing take on material that everyone already assumed they understood, it opens the door wide to further investigation.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|Every Twilight film has brought us a wonderful soundtrack to go along with it and Breaking Dawn Part 1 is no exception. The music is perfect and evokes emotions wonderfully! I have each soundtrack for each of the films so far and look forward to getting the soundtrack for Breaking Dawn Part 2 as well!
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|All right, Metallica, one of the best bands of all time  They struggled with a few albums, but came out swinging with Death Magnetic.  It was the album all the old school Metallica fans were waiting for.  The only disappointment on the album came with the production.  Sometimes it sounded as if my speakers would blow, but I got past it and love the album.  Now for Lu Lu...... This has got to be some of the worst music ever put into print.  It is basically an old guy talking, or better yet mumbling to himself after 2 pints of Jack Daniels mixed with a few riffs here and there.  I pray to God that Metallica does not go down the prog rock route again, or try rapping next.  This CD is just flat out ridiculous.  Metallica should be giving out refunds for this crap.  A lot of fans see Metallica in the name and they blow 18 bucks on a cd.  What a shame, I am all for musical experimentation, but this was a flat out orchestrated attempt to fool fan's into spending money.  You have to draw the line somewhere.  Whats next, Chimps, Baboons and Toucans yelping and chirping to some guitar riffs?  Chimpallica anyone? The mannequin on the front cover could make a better album than this and it is made of plastic, has no arms and nothing below the rib cage.  If you do end up buying this abomination, have fun using it for a coaster or a small frisbee.  I ran my copy through a wood chipper, collected the parts, soaked them in gas and lit the pile of crap into a smoldering pile of melting plastic.  At least I got some enjoyment out of it.
B005LLXB9K|5.0|What a cool movie.  It spans the whole 20 years of Pearl Jam with funny interviews and interesting commentary.  The old video clips are priceless, it's amazing to feel like you are let in to a secret inner circle.  The home videos are just fantastic, it makes you that much more connected to the group.  There are tons of stories that are never heard or rarely discussed.  It's a real trip, I highly recommend it for any fan!!!
B005NJ2K6U|5.0|This is my go to app whenever I'm bored. I play it even more than angry birds. Wrll worth the price and strongly recommended!  Please update soon!!
B00571F26Y|4.0|So I'm watching Forest Gump on TV and, in between, the Ads. And there's an Ad just come on for fiber and the importance of fiber from grain products. (Just exactly what this book, Wheat Belly is talking about in terms of wheat and other whole grain products and belly fat)....and Oh Yes, it's not just wheat we have to worry about!<br />But an eye opener of a detail I picked up on is the concept that today's wheat is not what it was during our grandparent's day due to several factors including gene modification. This central point of the way wheat has changed and how that change in turn affects our bodies is pretty compelling. What are the scientists and producers doing to us!!<br />Not to mention that we should be reading all the nutritional info on our bottles and cans and jars of food as wheat is an ingredient present in heaps if products.<br />If you're a celiac this is beyond grim.<br /><br />I must admit I have been toying prior to reading this book, about reducing or cutting out wheat, but the arguments in this book are clinchers.<br />On the other hand, can I really use zucchini strips instead of pasta when eating my Spag. Bol? According to this book not even rice noodles are safe.<br /><br />Wheat Belly contains interesting meal plans if you want to change your diet, shopping lists, and other handy tidbits. The use of more protein fits in with my flirtation with the South Beach diet, and prior to that Atkins and you name it--a million other ways of eating.<br /><br />Certainly this book makes a lot of sense. Particularly as one friend has avoided wheat for a number of years and swears that that has resulted in a flattened stomach and an absence of that bloated feeling. So if I may paraphrase, if you've `got that bloated feeling, Oh No, that bloated feeling,' then this may be the book for you.<br />I am tempted to pursue the regime more diligently, but then I break all my New Year's promises prior to the New Year. Here's hoping though. I feel that even if I do half what is suggested my body will feel better for it.<br /><br />a Netgalley ARCfor it.  a Netgalley ARC
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This camera backpack is really good for the price. I am able to fit my Canon 5D Mark II body with 24-70L lens attached (and the bag is still long enough for a longer lens attached to the body) plus a 50mm, 85mm, and flash and still have a space left over for another lens or 2 or other accessories. The side of the bag also has straps for a small tripod. There are plenty of side pockets to fit all your memory cards and other accessories as well. I also like that the front panel of the bag has a pocket that is entire length and width of the bag so you can put a magazine, book or ipad in it with ease.  The materials used look really rugged and strong. The only negative thing about this bag is that it is not lined with a waterproof material so if you need your camera bag to be water/weatherproof, this is not the bag for you. Otherwise, this is a great general use camera backpack at a great price.
B004J4WLPU|1.0|This was a real page turner,and my impression during the first quarter of the book was \\"wow, this woman is really a good writer!\\" Then the story became so full of pathos,false clues,and utter improbability that I was left feeling like I'd just watched a Lifetime movie for women.  Very disappointing after such a great beginning.
B0058WFO06|5.0|This album is all I could ever hope for and more. From absolutely gorgeous and achingly beautiful harmonies and melodies, to the dark and heavy(\\"metal-ish\\" sound), to jazz fusion, to just plain amazing- and on and on. This album really has it all. My current favorite (which could change tomorrow, as there are so many great songs to choose from) is \\"Remainder the Black Dog\\". I can almost here a Zappa like quality for a few brief moments in that piece. I love how Steven Wilson seamlessly blends the heavy with the jazz-like. The piano riff on that song is always stuck in my head for hours after listening. But I digress...    From the very first listen I was floored. I found myself saying \\"This is incredible\\" with each and every song. It is simply a masterpiece. Steven Wilson really puts so much care and effort into every aspect of an album and it really, really shows. There isn't any waste of music on this work, each song is a perfect fit. The longer songs may not be for everyone, and certainly require a certain type of music fan to give the songs the kind of attention they deserve. Those that do listen attentively through these epic songs, however, will not be disappointed.   I really can't say enough great things about Grace For Drowning. Somehow, Steven Wilson always finds a way to satisfy every kind of musical craving I have in a way that nobody else can. There is certainly something to be said about an album, and an artist, that can evoke all those feelings, emotions, and cravings the way Steven Wilson does- genius.
0307120007|5.0|This was my favorite book as a child and as soon as my daughter became old enough to enjoy it, I bought it for her.  She loves it too!  At 9 months, her favorite things are patting the bunny and sniffing the flowers and she still has plenty of room to grow into the book and understand some of the other activities.
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|I've been reading almost the entire night and I'm really enjoying the book!!  I've heard Stephen King is a master storyteller, but this is only the second one of his books that I've read.  I can't imagine why I haven't read all of them if they are all as good as this one!!!<br /><br />There's really no point in my going into all the details of the story and the whys and wherefores, others have already done that, and done a good job on it, let me just say that it is a good story.  Whether you are a fan of Stephen King or just someone who enjoys a good read.
B0042X9L6A|5.0|I like the turnable on off button (as opposed to push for 2 seconds kind) and the turnable lock (as opposed to the screw on to tighten) other than that I am not going to say much; people have already written a lot of good things about this flash. It just performs flawlessly on by D700 and is much cheaper than the next higher level flash from Nikon.
B005DZMODI|5.0|I am a big Clapton fan, from the early years on through. I am always awed by how he can still come up with something new to offer. This calaboration with Marsalis is phenomenal. The talents of both are unmatched. Be prepared. You will not be able to keep your feet still while listening.
0061990477|2.0|I read this book when it was first published, to see what all the hoopla was about. I found the story predictable. The characters never came to life for me. They repeated their words over and over throughout life. This behavior is true of people in real life, but it's boring in fiction. This book created no sparks for me.
0553385461|5.0|Great book. i started with the previous version and gone upto 9 chapters. reading this one from the beginning again. best to keep this one in our personal library.
B002ZG97LK|2.0|When I saw the MTV Films Logo flash across the screen in the Theatre, I settled back, knowing I was in for a good film, since similar films MTV has produced in the past with similar themes, such as [[ASIN:B001NW8D6M A Walk to Remember]] with Mandy Moore, have been fabulous - but I was wrong.<br /><br />While this remake has much in common with the original 1984 production, it just isn't as well done.  I did not find the dancing scenes to be as compelling, for the most part, and there were quite a few scenes and themes inserted into this film that had no reason for being there, or which were clumsily handled.  The bus-demolition derby scene, in particular, has a bit where the lead character, Ren asks himself \\"What have I gotten myself into?\\" - and we're left wondering the same thing.<br /><br />Even so, most of the acting was really well done.  The real scene stealer, as others have noted, is Miles Teller, who plays Ren's gawky, awkward pal, and we have wonderful performances from many of the other actors in this production, both young and old, particularly  Andie MacDowell (best known for appearing opposite Bill Murray in Groundhog Day), Dennis Quaid (as her husband, the preacher) and Ray McKinnon (as Ren's Uncle).<br /><br />Yet, the producers of this film throw lots of stuff at you without thought for how to make sure it makes sense to the audience.  Each scene needs to build on what has come before, there needs to be coherence and some sort of natural flow from one scene to the next.  You do not want to leave the audience wondering \\"why did he (or she) do that?\\"  So, despite the excellent acting, some good dance scenes, the production as a whole is poor due to poor directing and especially bad editing.  I'll give the film two stars - worth buying when you find it as \\"closeout\\", and OK to watch as a streaming rental on a night when you have nothing else to do, but not worth seeing in the Theatres, nor worth paying full price to own.
030746363X|5.0|My boyfriend bought me this book because I was having trouble losing weight and getting healthier - he thought that Tim Ferris' approach would work for me. And wow was he right! I started the diet, swings and I'm following the ab workouts, 6 weeks ago. While I'm only down 6 pounds at this point, I feel so much healthier, and have lost inches and 1% in body fat. The diet is easy to follow, and now doesn't feel like a diet but a way of life. My goal was to follow it for 2 months but I know I will follow it for much much longer than that! I love it. I hope you will too!
0316098329|3.0|Warning, this review contains some spoilers.  On the surface, Room is a book about a woman, referred to only as \\"Ma,\\" and her five year old son Jack held captive in an 11 foot square above ground 21st century dungeon by her abductor and frequent rapist, \\"Old Nick.\\" The novel is told entirely from Jack's perspective and in his voice. Needless to say, much of the book was excruciating to get through, particularly the first act, though not because of shocking premise. Rather, it's the tedium of wading through the hour by hour, minute by minute domestic minutiae of Jack and Ma through the lens of a five year old that makes getting through the first act of the book seem more like a chore than a pleasure.  The first section of the novel is replete with extended, repetitive domestic descriptions told through the grammar garbled perspective of a likable and highly intelligent five year old amongst which are hidden clues as to the truth about the situation. But it isn't much of a mystery and it becomes obvious within a few pages what is really happening. Since there is little to figure out, the reader is left slogging through minute by minute accounts of Ma and Jack's days. I often felt like I was watching someone's family vacation album, only this album is not a well curated selection of 20 of the best pictures from the trip but instead a dump of 600 shots directly from their digital camera that covers the most minor of day to day happenings in such agonizing detail that no one except the people in the photographs could possibly remain interested. Within are contained some genuinely interesting and important bits, but still, some editing is in order.  These overly thorough accounts are not without purpose, however. They subtly demonstrate how heroic Ma is in creating a normal childhood in an extraordinary and horrific situation. She makes toys out of discarded eggshells and empty pill bottles so wonderful that they necessitate being given a proper noun. She creates games and conducts physical education. She limits Jack's TV time to short periods per day. She reads to him and educates him. She protects Jack from her captor by playing at consensual domesticity with Old Nick, even though it is obvious to the reader that in her heart she hates every minute of it. She is so successful as a mother, in fact, that Jack has no idea that anything is amiss. Consequently, Jack loves her and his toys and their cell as any happy boy would love his family and his home. And yet, I could have done without so many pages being devoted to Jack's second by second interaction to watching Dora the Explorer and the like.  Jack's voice works to varying degrees of success throughout the book. He has a fairly impressive vocabulary for a five year old, though his verbs are frequently improvised with varying and sometimes annoying results (how many times can we hear about how his Ma went to the thermostat to \\"hot\\" the air). He often makes up intuitive words to fill in the gaps in his own vocabulary only to start using the proper word shortly afterwards. His insistence on bequeathing every inanimate object in (and including) Room with a proper noun can get tiresome. Later, Jack's musings become frequently philosophical, and while, taken on their own merit, these thoughts are interesting to consider, I can't help but see the author's lips moving as she plays ventriloquist to Jack's point of view.  The lens of Jack's perspective works best when it is trained on the unknown and the kinetic. The book really picks up the pace in the second act when the events are entirely outside of Jack's extremely limited field of experience. It becomes genuinely thrilling to follow along, wondering what will happen next while simultaneously trying to puzzle out what is actually happening through the warped contours of Jack's perspective. This works really well and all of Jack's limitations serve to increase the suspense and enjoyment of this section.  This is despite the fact that the mechanism that the second act is predicated on is incredibly implausible. It doesn't ring true. Old Nick, though a disgusting, sociopathic, empty shell of a human being, is not stupid. Rather, he is a detail oriented person who took what must have been months to carefully construct a 21st century dungeon in his back yard, with well thought out details and safeguards prior to abducting Ma. And yet we are supposed to believe that he wouldn't take even the most basic pragmatic precautions, allowing a window of opportunity for mischief.  Despite how developed Jack is, Ma always remains somewhat of a mystery. We learn some details of her past and some broad strokes of her character and tendencies. And yet, in many ways she remains a cipher. Jack is extremely selfish and doesn't ever really stop to consider Ma, often balking when she tries to relate her feelings to him and our insight in to her inner life is stunted as a result.  But, for all my complaints and annoyances, there is much to like about this book. It's an interesting premise and the manner in which life mercilessly grinds on in pleasant and brutal situations alike is considered seriously and its atmosphere can be haunting, even after the book is finished. Despite the sense of ventriloquism I alluded to earlier, and sometimes in spite of it, there are some powerful themes and observations woven thorough out the novel. The idea that even the most unpleasant situation can be managed if one has the right state of mind \\"It's called mind over matter. If we don't mind, it doesn't matter\\" and of course Jack's answer to the question of why someone would ever want to read a book based on such an overtly horrible premise: \\". . . I watch, it's awful but it's better than not watching.\\"
B004U52VPS|4.0|I found this game @ Toys-R-Us for less than half this price. It was on sale for $12, the SUGGESTED RETAIL price is ONLY $16.99<br /><br />I do have to admit it is a fun game, that is easy to play and set up, my nephew loves it, but I am not about to spend almost 2x's what the game is worth just because it is Angry Birds.
B0058VW36U|5.0|levels are varied to keep your interest. lots of fun with cute graphics. no cons other than brain hurting on figuring out a complex or timed star level, but you feel like a genius once you figure out what you need to do
0307279189|5.0|Haven't been able to put this book (well my tablet) down since I downloaded it.  Great stories and a great message.  Now more than ever I really believe we are all Born to Run!
B0058EBNAO|5.0|It works great and had tons of customization options. I use it every day to check what the temperature will be like throughout the day.
B004W2UBYW|1.0|Yes this man did contribute to the apple industry, but anyone in his position would do the same or even better, many would of love to be in his position, lets not forget most of apple productions are in China, so in a sense, how much of a hero was this guy?
B004LROUNG|2.0|After the his last book, I swore I would never buy another of his works.  Well, I did.  Never again.  He writes to a formula that is getting very predictable and he doesn't appear to put much thought into his story line.  I kept waiting for him to weave a couple of loose ends into the story, that would have made it much more interesting and held my attention. It is not the Grisham I once couldn't wait to read. Don't spend the money, get from the library or if a Kindle reader, join Premier and use it for books like this.
1844487172|5.0|This is an absolutely beautiful book and I am glad Amazon called it to my attention.  I am looking forward to trying some of the many techniques.  The illustrated instructions are very good.
B005N0C0JQ|5.0|Noel Gallagher, principal songwriter for Oasis, now estranged with his brother, Liam, as the two pursue their own musical ventures individually, shows talent and class with his first full solo album offering. 'Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds' is a modern marvel of music that showcases what ideas Noel has had brewing for the many years of Oasis' reign as well as after their dissolution. Of course we have been given tastes of Noel's solo work in certain one-off Oasis tunes such as 'The Importance of Being Idle,' 'Half The World Away,' and 'Falling Down.' But this album allows individual pieces to become cohesive in a 10-part epic of an album.<br /><br />The sound is very orchestral with lots of instruments and arrangements being played accompanying Noel's signature vocal flow. If I had to compare NGHFB with any Oasis track, it mirrors 'The Importance of Being Idle' the most as a whole. And while Beady Eye catered to the more 50s style rock & roll, Noel has put out a modern gem in the music industry. Don't expect Oasis out of this album, although hints can obviously be heard in many places such as 'AKA... What A Life!', the pseudo-dance track that sounds like 'Falling Down' reprise and which Liam would have absolutely refused to allow to be put on an Oasis record. The beauty of this album is that each and every song is not just another track on the album, they all come off as specially designed and passionate tunes that really sing to the heart. As the album progresses through each one of them, it really does become a musical journey through the songwriting mind of Noel Gallagher. The album has been very positively received and its #1 location on the UK charts gives me some hope that the music industry can still allow some actual musical talent to dominate the pop-scorned and rap-infested mainstream music scene.<br /><br />Overall, I absolutely love this album and it truly blew me away when I first popped it in. Since acquiring the album this past Tuesday I have gone through it in its entirety at least 30 times and each one just as enjoyable as the last, if not more. Do yourself a favor and buy this album without hesitation and soak it in. While Oasis remains missed and Liam's rocking vocals accompanying Noel's songs will forever be one of my favorite sounds, the Chief has put out a beautiful record that staves off the desire for a reunion.<br /><br />Favorite tracks:<br /><br />'Everybody's On The Run' (one of my new all-time favorite songs - hands down)<br />'If I Had A Gun...'<br />'AKA... What A Life!'<br />'AKA... Broken Arrow'<br /><br />Madferit.<br /><br />November 13, 2011 UPDATE: Well, after having seen Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds live last night, you should do yourself another favor and see their show - absolutely spectacular.entirety at least 30 times and each one just as enjoyable as the last, if not more. Do yourself a favor and buy this album without hesitation and soak it in. While Oasis remains missed and Liam's rocking vocals accompanying Noel's songs will forever be one of my favorite sounds, the Chief has put out a beautiful record that staves off the desire for a reunion.  Favorite tracks:  'Everybody's On The Run' (one of my new all-time favorite songs - hands down)  'If I Had A Gun...'  'AKA... What A Life!'  'AKA... Broken Arrow'  Madferit.  November 13, 2011 UPDATE: Well, after having seen Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds live last night, you should do yourself another favor and see their show - absolutely spectacular.
0439023513|5.0|What an amazing book! I was so SO sad after I finished- not because of the ending, but bc it ended. Read it.I highly recommend it. It's not a \\"teen\\" book..it's for everyone :)   GREAT GREAT READ.
B005KAJPY2|2.0|Special note to VNV Nation's faithful followers: Please see my other reviews for past VNV Albums before unloading your holier-than-thou responses. This is a band I have lived and loved for 12 years. Until now.<br /><br />There are very few genres of music where a musical collective can stay the same and be all the better for it. I'd say only punk rock has this advantage. There was never a Ramones album I didn't like because they were all catchy despite the same musical structures. Then again, they switched up lyrical content and told different stories. Due to its very nature, electronic dance has the difficult task of differentiating its self through experimentation in sound, texture, story-telling, and overall structure (tempo etc).<br /><br />As expected from what we got with Faith, Power, And Glory, Automatic find VNV Nation changing literally nothing about their sound and as a result have lost their relevance altogether this time. I don't believe I'm being unfair when I say that all the positive reviews here are from the VNV die-hards who somehow relate to the over-blown cheesy recycled lyrics that Ronan has now become known for. I guess they are catering to this specific crowd now.<br /><br />I really can't go into detail this time around because there is no reason to. This album is about as formulaic as it gets. In my opinion, the last good (great?) VNV album was Matter+Form. That album has some experimentation in the form of an actual natural snare drum sound. Hey, at least it was something!<br /><br />I'm no longer following this band as of writing this. If they hit my town I will surely attend the show because they are great live. However, Automatic (aka FP&G aka Judgement) is a corny electronic album with played-to-death modern EBM synth-lines and trite and tired futurepop lyrical gaga.<br /><br />I can, however, offer some musical alternatives from other great melodic electronic groups that had releases this year. Check out And One's Tanzomat album. A fantastically fun and poppy new wave electronic album with catchy lyrics that do not take themselves too seriously. Also, Covenant's newest album Modern Ruin (while not perfect), deviates from the average EBM path with great rhythmic changes and analogue synths that will bounce around your head.<br /><br />Skip this if you crave something different. You wont find it with VNV Nation anymore.with catchy lyrics that do not take themselves too seriously. Also, Covenant's newest album Modern Ruin (while not perfect), deviates from the average EBM path with great rhythmic changes and analogue synths that will bounce around your head.   Skip this if you crave something different. You wont find it with VNV Nation anymore.
B004DLPXAO|4.0|I love this stupid app. I own literary legends galore, packed nicely, in boxes.  In need of read? Not enough shelf space? I never forget my book! Its on my smart phone, Android Tab and my lappy... I'll keep my hard bound covers that mean something to me. As for the nickle and dime novels... Goodwill?
0345529057|5.0|As always Amazon delivered briskly, even with free shipping I had it in about 4 days.   The books are wonderful, I was concerned they'd be \\"ponderous\\" and not keep my attention, but not so. The only thing better than an enjoyable book is a long, enjoyable book.
0446573019|3.0|I just read this book about 30 days ago, except it was written by Lee Child. His latest just released Reacher novel, titled \\"The Affair\\". I thought the reviewers were mistaken about Balducci's \\"Zero Day\\" being a knockoff...but they weren't! Unfortunately, I pre-ordered Zero Day without looking into it.  Pretty much the same lead character, a military killing, a small southern town, understaffed investigation, and a local female sheriff to partner with. The only thing different were the bad guys, and their evil ways.   So it didn't do much for me, as I just read the Child book first. Had I not, it would have been just an OK read.  For the military-lawyer/investigator genre, my hands down favorite author is Brian Haig, and his six Sean Drummond novels.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Hours of entertainment! Very challenging! I would definitely recommend this to anyone who enjoys puzzle games.  Definitely worth the price!
1401310672|5.0|A great short fun read that anyone who is not easily offended. If you enjoy the site, you'll enjoy the book just as much.
B004LSJCJM|4.0|I'm a huge huge Joe Bannamassa fan and I have every cd he has out. While my review is slanted because I like his work so much, this cd hasn't grabbed me as others have. It's good music and sometimes I have to be more exposed to certain cd's to really love them and I hope this one is like that. Joe is one of the best guitarists in the world today in any genre.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|When a North American couple visits Paris, Gil will experience through a crack in time, just at midnight in a gloomy Parisian street a remarkable and rewarding experience.<br /><br />Woody Allen has built a memorable canvas around and about Paris, the most glamorous, romantic and dazzling city in this world.<br /><br />And somehow, this retrospective journey brought me back to the now forgotten filmic treasure of Rene Clair: \\"The beauties of night\\" . Woody shows us the charm, the spell and the fuzzy images that our memory preserves as if they were present.<br /><br />Nostalgia should be a verb. Not a word. Woody Allen makes this term spreads its wings and hovers the vain illusion that past time was better.<br /><br />I have a personal hunch. This movie must be selected among the top ten movies of this year. Its originality and poetry demonstrate us once more you don't need to be shielded with a huge budget, armed to the teeth of great special effects to make an unforgettable film like this one, which makes us think about the importance of the present moment respect the pleasant glare of the memory.<br /><br />Don't miss it. Marion Cotillard is lovable in her role.
B001F0WXY0|1.0|The book is a masterpiece, if you haven't read it yet do yourself a favor and buy it. The paperback edition, that is.  As for the people at Penguin Publishing charging 14.99 for the Kindle edition, you have to wonder what they're smoking.
1451648537|5.0|When one is younger and a student, much of what is read comes in the form of so-called required reading for school subjects. A student can very well be unmotivated in their required reading, for example the required reading of the works of Shakespeare is often found as a burden by a student.  Naturally one gets nothing out of such an assignment absent any interest. I was such a student, often unmotivated by a good share of the required reading that I had while in school.  Now as an adult, many years later it is a distinct pleasure to have the luxury of only reading the works that I choose to read, works that I am interested in reading.  Such was the case when I elected to read the Walter Isaacson bio of Steven Jobs.   In summary, I can safely say that this bio as much as any work that comes to mind should be required reading for young people in school.  This is particularly so in the case of any student interested in business, computing, electronics, engineering, design, and for that matter any number of fields.  Jobs, in seeking out Isaacson in 2003 to write a bio of his life about eight years before he ultimately passed away from cancer has with his soliciting of Isaacson done another masterful job in his unmatched ability at forward thinking.  Isaacson's open ended unrestricted access to Jobs, and all who played a role in his life was seamlessly coupled with Isaacson's great experience at simplifying the complex in his writings. Interestingly, the result is a writing that displays the same crisp inventiveness of Apple products brought to market by Jobs for decades.  I suspect that most anyone reading this work will find it as engrossing, educational, and informative, as I did.    My compliments to Mr. Isaacson for producing such a quality work on the life of Steven Jobs. It is a work that Mr. Jobs most certainly deserved, and
B0051UP5NQ|2.0|At first i thought this would be a great app. I was able to get the first row to freeze in the spreadsheet app which I had not been able to do with two similar apps.Then the text disappeared. The columns with numbers still contained numbers but ALL non numerical information disappeared in multiple spreadsheets. Unacceptable... I uninstalled the app.
1449408656|5.0|Really this is just a fantastic book if you love cats. If you hate cats, it might still be a fun read, because you probably hate them for all the things they do. I really loved all these comics, and cannot believe I had never heard of the Cat Versus Human website. This book had me laughing and nodding the whole time. I will definitely have to grab a hard copy with color illustrations, that I can flip through again and again!<br /><br />Disclaimer: I was sent this item to review. This does not influence my opinion.
B005NPLXJ4|4.0|To preface this review, I am a fan of both Lou Reed (especially his material in The Velvet Underground) and Metallica (particularly their 80s material). As far as I can tell, much of the negative backlash to this album has been based on the expectations of Metallica's over-eager fanbase to release their follow-up to Death Magnetic. But as a result of not living up to those expectations, their die-hard supporters are trashing this album as the \\"worst album ever\\" and going as far as sending death threats to Lou Reed. Are you people deaf? Because this album does not fit your strict standards of what a Metallica album should be, that hardly qualifies it for \\"worst album ever.\\" There are plenty, plenty of more awful albums that have been recorded. But I guess people who identify as \\"metalheads\\" haven't exactly been accused of being more rational, level-headed types to begin with.<br /><br />But the main part of the problem with all the negative feedback is just that - Metallica fans were expecting a Metallica album. But the truth is, this is a Lou Reed album first and foremost. The concept and lyrics were all his, and Metallica were happily willing to serve as the backing band for a man they admire. So what's wrong with that? In the process I think Metallica found inspiration. Musically speaking, this is some of the most intriguing and complex stuff they've done in a long time, especially after the more mediocre Death Magnetic failed to live up to expectations. I also think Metallica's involvement refreshed Lou Reed's career too, which has been on a stall for quite some time. I think one of the biggest reasons people don't like this album is because of Lou Reed's vocals and lyrics, but they miss the point. Lou Reed isn't trying to sing or create deep and eloquent lyrics. This album is more like a performance piece, and based on what I've read about the original Lulu opera, the vibe and atmosphere Lou was going for is appropriate. The odd lyrics even work when you understand them in context.<br /><br />This album may not be your cup of tea, but hardly is a terrible album. In fact, it may be one of the most refreshing albums released this year just because it doesn't follow a standard format. \\"Iced Honey\\" is great and seems to be the most accessible song on the album, so that might be a great starting place if you decide to give this album a chance. \\"The View\\" is a really intense piece of music, and \\"Junior Dad\\" is quite emotionally moving. Overall, I think Lou Reed and Metallica were both able to bring something to each other with this album that may rejuvenate the careers of both.<br /><br />Oh, and please be patient Metallica fans. They've announced that a new album is on the way.n context.  This album may not be your cup of tea, but hardly is a terrible album. In fact, it may be one of the most refreshing albums released this year just because it doesn't follow a standard format. \\"Iced Honey\\" is great and seems to be the most accessible song on the album, so that might be a great starting place if you decide to give this album a chance. \\"The View\\" is a really intense piece of music, and \\"Junior Dad\\" is quite emotionally moving. Overall, I think Lou Reed and Metallica were both able to bring something to each other with this album that may rejuvenate the careers of both.  Oh, and please be patient Metallica fans. They've announced that a new album is on the way.
B0052RE4MQ|5.0|I have to say that this wasn't as good as Matched, but this is still one of the best books I've read in the last several months. There are a total of maybe 4 settings, and only one is really mentioned very much. But that's kind of like The Hill in Matched. I still found myself wanting to read what happened next. Just consider this book to be the camping section in the last Harry Potter.
B004TJ1H3C|5.0|SGU is is very long journey on a run-away spaceship traveling universes away from Earth.<br /> The crew is trapped aboard by a trip through a star-gate.<br />Survive!, their only mission. Discovery their only hope. Destiny, their ride.
B005IGVYUG|1.0|Once upon a time, I too believed in the myth of Rock n Roll.  Its really funny to hear guys like Tom, Dylan, Clapton, Morrisson and Richards talk about how much old time music means to them and how \\"hearing the blues changed my life\\" then to see the pop garbage they put out.  There really isn't anything to nit-pick here, there is no musical content in this album so I'll just have to summarize it. Its complete garbage, a super smash pop hit for history.
0786958731|4.0|This game is the third installment in the D&D \\"Adventure System\\" of board games. If you're in search of more opinions, you should definitely check out the reviews for Castle Ravenloft and Wrath of Ashardalon, as the games are all very similar. I also own and enjoy Castle Ravenloft.<br /><br />They all use very loose adaptations of 4th Edition D&D rules. This particular game is (obviously) based on R.A. Salvatore's books about dark elf orc-stabber extraordinaire, Drizzt Do'Urden. As such, all the adventures are based on Drizzt's literary exploits (all the way up to Gauntlgrim, I was surprised to see), and the choice of heroes includes the Companions of the Hall, and there are rules for playing as (as well as against) the notable trio of ne'er-do-wells Entreri, Jarlaxle, and Athrogate.<br /><br />Playing the Game<br />----------------<br /><br />Each player chooses one of five pre-made heroes, and then chooses which of that hero's powers they'll use for the adventure (you take 4 or 5 out of around 10). Next, you follow the Adventure Book's rules to setting up whatever adventure you're playing (there are about 15 different adventures), and you make your way through the dungeon trying to complete the adventure's objective.<br /><br />The \\"board\\" is made up of jigsaw puzzle-style pieces which you shuffle before the adventure like cards. You start with one tile as the \\"start tile\\", and then each player has the chance to draw a tile on his or her turn and add it to the tiles already played, which I'll get into next. This is how the play area expands.<br /><br />Each player's turn follows the same order - move and/or attack with your hero, add a dungeon tile (unveiling a new monster), then activate the monsters you've unveiled. So, each player controls not only his hero, but the monsters he or she reveals. This is done by following the instructions on the monster's card, which tells you how the monster acts.<br /><br />When a player dies, he or she uses a Healing Surge, which acts like a \\"continue\\". If a player dies and there are no Healing Surges left (you start most adventures with 2), the players lose. So, it's a no-man-left-behind situation.<br /><br />You win, as I mentioned, by completing whatever objective the adventure sets out. Usually, this involves reaching a specific tile and killing whomever is hanging out there.<br /><br />Enjoying the Game<br />-----------------<br /><br />At the end of the day, this is a very streamlined game. The heroes have no stats other than AC, HP, Speed, and Surge Value (the amount you heal when you use a surge). You don't equip your guy, you can't level up past Level 2 (which entails adding 2 HP, 1 AC, and a new daily power), and there is no continuity between missions.<br /><br />Strategically, the game is pretty simple. You don't have a whole mess of options, and sometimes it can be pretty obvious what the best move is, meaning the game can feel like it's playing itself sometimes. Honestly, when I first started playing these Adventure System games, I was disappointed. Being a \\"gamer\\", I'm no stranger to complex rule systems and this was just too simple for me.<br /><br />But then I added friends. And not just any friends; non-gamer friends. Non-gamer friends, and booze. And jokes. And silly descriptions, and trash-talking (despite the co-operative nature of the game), and bouts of not paying attention. Basically, everything that absolutely ruins a regular D&D session.<br /><br />The simple nature means there's very little to keep track of (once everyone learns the flow of play), and you don't need to clear your entire calendar to schedule a session. I've had a blast every time since then, and the game has quite a following now among my gamer and non-gamer friends alike.<br /><br />If you go into it expecting it to be a very rich, very complex board game version of D&D, you're not going to be happy. But if you recognize it as the big box of toys that it is, man can you have some fun.
1401302378|5.0|Chris Anderson's The Long Tail illustrates how the rapidly changing digital world flips a finger at \\"business as usual\\", including the areas of music, television and book publishing.  Having had a hand in all three, and witnessing the arrival of one after another new entertainment delivery system, and liking the refreshing possibility of reaching beyond the \\"blockbuster\\" mentality, I decided to pay attention to the augury of The Long Tail, leap into the future, and self publish three books which are in a \\"niche\\" category (off-grid/DIY life, necessarily lived with humor).  I just read his latest book \\"Free\\" and it's also full of valuable marketing observations.  Lynne Farr, author of [[ASIN:1469981963 Off The Grid Without A Paddle]] and its sequels.
B0047Y0FGY|5.0|If you love 30 Rock, you will enjoy the audiobook tremendously. It's almost like having drinks with Tina, or maybe hot chocolate and a bedtime story read by her.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|I just recently purchased the Scotty McCreery cd.  Haven't listened to it yet, as it is a Christmas gift for my Mom, but I don't doubt everything will be just fine with it & we are fans from seeing him win American Idol.  He's 17, but he's got a deep, rich & mature country music voice.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Star Wars finally on Blu-Ray thank you to George Lucas. I really love all 6 movies now in HD. I was afraid they weren't going to do it with all the stuff on the internet stating Mr. Lucas was waiting for the next big thing.
B004HO6I4M|5.0|I bought this movie for my son for Christmas.  The seller said it was new.  I haven't opened it, because it's a gift....but there are no title lable sickers on the top and side of the DVD like usual.  It is in wrap, but I think it's fishy that there aren't those lables on the side and top.  You know what I mean, the annoying ones:)  I am hoping when we open it on Christmas that it's in tip top shape like a NEW DVD should be.  It came very fast in the mail though.
B004HW7JMO|5.0|This movie review is part of my obligation to Amazon for accepting to be a member of the Vine program, a club of selected customers that provide opinions about \\"new and pre-released items.\\" We enter this club by accepting free copies of products but we promise in return to submit an opinion.  We own the first part so we were delighted to receive the next installment. In this video we see the Gods of the Arena exploring its deadly history before Spartacus arrival. Very bloody action as we see lives changed, loyalties tested and the new version of one of favorite characters...
B004HUE57S|5.0|This mouse is awesome! Really helps the wrist and forearm. I won't go back to a regular mouse unless forced to.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This video is amazing.  I've only been doing it 3X per week and I've lost 8 pounds in a month.  My body is shrinking because I've built so much muscle with this video.  It's definitely not easy but you can do anything for 20 minutes.  I only had about 10 pounds to loose so this video definitely worked for me.
074322454X|5.0|Restrained, respectful, eminently powerful account of war. Ambrose is unobjective at times and downright jingoistic at others, but, inevitable inaccuracies aside, the book offers vivid truths about not just WWII and Easy Company, but the glories and tragedies of war in general. Hard to believe I've put off reading this for so long, because it's easily one of the best war books I've encountered.
B003Y5H542|5.0|This is a great movie; my son loves it.  The best price out there was found on Amazon.  I highly recommend to the fans.
0385340540|2.0|I normally devour Grisham's books, but this one was an effort. I've read and loved all his previous works, but The Broker was a disappointment. As other reviewers have pointed out, it reads more like a travel guide to Italy than a legal thriller.  I came to the conclusion that Mr. Grisham wanted to visit Italy, so he wrote this book in order to take a tax deduction on his travel expenses. Apparently he also wanted to learn to speak Italian, judging from his constant use of both Italian and English in the dialogue. For example: \\"Good morning ma'am / Buongiorno signora\\"  or  \\"Buonasera signore / Good evening sir.\\"  I found it extremely annoying to the point of skipping the longer segments in an effort to minimize the headache I got trying to read it. That and the endless tedious descriptions of scenery, food, wine, restaurants, etc. almost put me to sleep. Overall, not worthy of this author's sterling reputation.
B003YUC2FE|5.0|excellent collectors item.  Best price was on Amazon.  The toy box carrying the movies can be a little more sturdy but other than that no complaints.
B005D0RDIE|5.0|The blu ray quality is phenomenal and, having seen this tour live, I only have one minor complaint.   Where's the \\"I Love You Man\\" guys in the little skit that closed the show?? That was the cherry on the top of a perfectly made cake!!!!
B002GSXKN8|5.0|these are very good movies I bought this for my sons birthday he just loves watching them I really can't say much more then all the other reviews have not already said about this movie.
B0009VRHLK|5.0|In my humble opinion, Sicilian-American avantgarde filmmaker, actor, and artist Vincent Gallo is an underrated genius and deserves respect. The Buffalo, NY native's 'The Brown Bunny' is definitely not for everyone. It's notoriety surrounding an on-screen fellatio scene stunned (and disgusted some) audiences at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival that blacklisted it and the director. Gallo's war of words with Roger Ebert soon followed, giving 'The Brown Bunny' a tainted reputation. I'm never one to tell people who disagrees with an opinion on a film that they just don't get it. But with this art film, I can't help but come to that conclusion with many negative reviewers. Gallo superbly and powerfully captures the emotional state of sadness of a man on the run to no where with breathtaking scenes of the American highways. Yes, many are through a dirty windshield of a beatup van, however, the backround theme and Gallo's cold, quiet demeanor and glare are saying a million words throughout the film. The story is about a New Hampshire motorcycle racer named Bud Clay who drives cross-country to California to see his lover, Daisy (Chlo Sevigny).<br /><br />I recommend for anyone who appreciates a good indy, gutsy, artistic & original film.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|very good movie bought it for my son for his birthday he said it was great I think he has watched every day anyway I can't really say much more then other reviews have already said shipped and rec on time would buy again.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Ultraviolet is a fraud. FLIXTER is a Phising device. The FLIXTER application can DOCUMENT AND CONTROL your PC, EVERY TIME YOU CONNECT to the internet. Like the other reviewer said. If you read the terms, they state that you may lose access to ANY of your movie content at anytime EVEN if it was not obtained through UV by installing this software. DOES THIS INCLUDE ITUNES movies ? im not sure.
0307272702|5.0|This is a good follow up book to the original written by Taubes.  It condences things into an easier way to read and undertand more fully what the Paleo diet is all about and it's benefits.
B0055SWM08|5.0|A game that makes you think while it relaxes you. Classy, concise, clever and polished, this game will have me hooked for the next 10 hours of my gaming life. I thought a man couldn't buy that kind of fun for a dollar these days but apparently I have been proven wrong! Sometimes hype is well-deserved, and Quell certainly deserves its great rating, even among the megalomaniacal collection of misanthropes that constitute the Amazon app store reviewer culture.  Protip for this developer: NEVER RELEASE THIS FOR APP OF THE DAY. Your pristine ratings will plummet overnight, and that would be sad indeed.
B0045EJY90|1.0|Don't buy this CD player. It stopped working in 30 days (disk read failure and high frequency noise). I should say the sound quality was ok, but the product quality is horrible!!  DO NOT BUY IT
B00008977N|5.0|I was only a so so fan of Peter Gabriel's until I saw this concert on TV one night and it solidified me as a permanent fan.  Great mix of songs performed here along with good back up vocals from Paula Cole.  She is quite good in her own right especially during her performance for 'don't give up', very touching song.  I am not sure how to qualify Peter Gabriel, rock, pop maybe a little of both but many of his songs can really move you personally.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
076115678X|5.0|As a curly headed girl, I thought that I knew how to take care of my hair.  I've been doing it for years.  However, I found out that there are many things that I am doing incorrectly.  As soon as I made some changes in my hair care, my hair was not as dry.  I also got a better haircut because I found someone that would cut my hair dry.  I think this book is well worth every penny you spend on it.
B00005N6KG|5.0|I ordered these headphones with a bit of hesitation. I normally use the Sennheiser over ear headphones, but I couldn't justify spending another 50 bucks on them so I opted for these. I was very happily surprised!! I do a great deal of jumproping, and these work great! They are very light and they stay in my ear, which was a surprise. They are great for the price, BUY THEM!!!
1600241344|5.0|Any time that David Baldacci creates a series of books with the same character, it never fails to be a success.  Take Oliver Stone and his Camel Club. It was impossible to follow, you think?  Then Sean King and Michelle Maxwell appear in the horizon as 2 former Secret Service agents and a new series is created that is almost if not as good as the previous one, is as good.  Highly entertaining, fast paced and most of all, Logical. There is no rush through the end as some other books that take 250 pages to develop the story and the with 5 short, crazy pages the book is finished and leaves you hanging like an unfulfilled dream.  Take a read and enjoy these books.
078401020X|4.0|When this movie was originally released in theaters, there was a huge controversy from protests by various gay groups who were incensed that the villain swung both ways. You don't see straights protesting each time a straight villain is used in a film. It was utter nonsense. Anyone of any persuasion can be a villain in real life or on a film.<br /><br />Living in the SF area at the time Basic Instinct came out, which was the hot seat of protest groups; the groundless fuss and hysterics from the gay groups trying to impress their biased censorship into the film industry... infuriated the rest of us. So, to express our disdain for their protests and their efforts to censor the movies for the rest of the world... the public turned out in droves at the theaters to watch Basic Instinct. If it had not been for the protests, the movie turnout probably would have been 1/10th as big... or less. Most of us normally would not have watched such a sexually explicit movie at home... much less go to a theater to watch it... thus, the protesters only succeeded in bolstering the magnitude of the original turnout at the theaters by at least a factor of 10 if not more. We all felt this way at the time and it was a common topic of discussion among everyone that we would all go to see the movie to thwart the ridiculous protests and their unacceptable efforts to control this movie.<br /><br />If they had not made such an unreasonable fuss, the movie would have had a low turnout because the amount of explicit sex was offensive and shocking to the majority of us who went to watch it. We did not have graphic movies like this on a general basis for public consumption as you might see in this day and age... so it was shocking.  The raw sex scenes were even excessive for most of the males I knew who went to see the movie as an anti-protest to the protesters. As for the leg crossing scene, you can't see anything even if you freeze frame it... despite what some people may claim. That scene paled in comparison with the rawness of the other sex scenes in the movie... all due to the French Director who also decided that the actors were not allowed to wear protection. He endangered their health for no justifiable reason.<br /><br />However, the movie was well written and had an excellent storyline. The movie would have been a lot better without the explicit sex scenes... but to this day, they still don't realize that the huge audience turnout was a counter reaction toward the protests at that time. It was their excessive raving over the movie which incited such an overwhelming number of people to rush to the theaters in response. The protesters only managed to bring hundreds of thousands of additional people out of their homes to see this movie, who normally would not have cross the street to watch it for free. This was the main topic of conversation in California at that time because the protests infuriated the public with such intensity. For those who do not know, the protesters were using vile methods to prevent & interfere with the filming of this movie. Some of these details are included in the special features included on the DVD.<br /><br />We strongly felt if one special interest group managed to force their censorship upon the film industry, it would set a terrible precedent for every special interest group... and would eventually lead to gross intolerable censorship of every film by every type of special interest group until we would eventually end up with no films at all.<br /><br />Since there was no controversy like this regarding Basic Instinct 2, it did not enjoy the huge turnout as the first movie. Again, the film makers did not understand why the box office turnouts had low results for the sequel. The second movie also had an excellent storyline... but once again, too much raw sex scenes. They did not understand that the public was never interested in watching these raw scenes. The people who like those types of scenes usually do their shopping in the adult sections and are not looking for storyline quality. They are a small minority of theater audiences since they usually view their movies at home.<br /><br />Again, the storylines were quite excellent and well written. However, the male lead on Basic Instinct 2 did not have the charisma of Michael Douglas. In fact, the male lead on the sequel was completely unappealing. (not to mention the fact that they had also cast a Harry Potter Professor Lupin favorite as an incredibly foul mouthed, crooked police detective in the sequel... which was not a pleasant role to watch such a popular actor portray.)<br /><br />They could probably make a third sequel if they would get rid of the explicit scenes and find a better male lead. There might be a few people who would be gung ho for the explicit scenes... but the majority of the theater audience does not care to see that level of graphic sexual details... and this majority is the core audience which provides the money and turnout each new movie is based upon.<br /><br />It is coming to the point where people would rather watch movies at home and not in a theater, so the film makers need to start finding another way to release new movies for the public to watch from their homes. It is not lack of interest in the movies causing low turnouts... it is a lack of desire to go sit in some theater which is diminishing the turnouts. New movies should be released in DVD, online, pay channels and other home media formats instead of theaters. I think in less than 10 years, most theaters will be out of business except for a small handful of specialty formats which cannot be duplicated at home... such as IMAX. The film industry needs to look at this now instead of basing their ratings and revenues on theater distribution.<br /><br />If you are going to watch Basic Instinct for the first time... beware of the graphic, unprotected sex and violence. Do not allow children or minors under 21 to watch it.storyline quality. They are a small minority of theater audiences since they usually view their movies at home.  Again, the storylines were quite excellent and well written. However, the male lead on Basic Instinct 2 did not have the charisma of Michael Douglas. In fact, the male lead on the sequel was completely unappealing. (not to mention the fact that they had also cast a Harry Potter Professor Lupin favorite as an incredibly foul mouthed, crooked police detective in the sequel... which was not a pleasant role to watch such a popular actor portray.)  They could probably make a third sequel if they would get rid of the explicit scenes and find a better male lead. There might be a few people who would be gung ho for the explicit scenes... but the majority of the theater audience does not care to see that level of graphic sexual details... and this majority is the core audience which provides the money and turnout each new movie is based upon.  It is coming to the point where people would rather watch movies at home and not in a theater, so the film makers need to start finding another way to release new movies for the public to watch from their homes. It is not lack of interest in the movies causing low turnouts... it is a lack of desire to go sit in some theater which is diminishing the turnouts. New movies should be released in DVD, online, pay channels and other home media formats instead of theaters. I think in less than 10 years, most theaters will be out of business except for a small handful of specialty formats which cannot be duplicated at home... such as IMAX. The film industry needs to look at this now instead of basing their ratings and revenues on theater distribution.  If you are going to watch Basic Instinct for the first time... beware of the graphic, unprotected sex and violence. Do not allow children or minors under 21 to watch it.
B005HV6Y84|2.0|The final six minutes, track 15, that's Carter Burwell's snippet from the score is the best of the lot. There's just no soul (let alone Face Punch) in this one so aside from Bruno Mars minimally pleasing, if meandering, crooning, the rest is superficial at best and boring for the most part. Just banging keyboards, the Belle Brigade, or bands in search of a sound or an era, the Noisettes and there's no sex in that pseudo-violence. Also, I don't want to hear one more thing from Christina Perri - maybe it's just me. I do adore \\"Flightless Bird\\" but, cheating, it was already on Twilight, remember? Everything else, forgettable. I imagine that as part of the movie these songs will make for good background, blendable, pablum, wallpaper. I can't imagine that the movie itself will be that lacking because the previews are looking intriguing. Sorry I purchased this but optimistic about the score...
B005J29HCQ|4.0|I've collected SMiLE bootlegs for years, and this \\"official\\" release adds nothing that I haven't already heard.  It STILL sounds unfinished -- and now I'm more depressed than ever!  Pretty packaging, though.  Sigh....
0765357151|4.0|This book came across my email when Kindle was having a sale and I thought, \\"Why not?\\"<br /><br />Written in 1954, it hits the vampire genre far before \\"Twilight\\" romanticized it. The book's main character is Robert Neville, who very well may be the last man on earth -- other than the half-dead and full vampires who try to lure him out of his home every night.<br /><br />The book only lightly touches upon WHY there are vampires. Apparently, there was a plague or virus or \\"something\\" unknown that created a world of vampiric entities.  Robert thinks he's been immune because he was bit by a vampire bat while he was in the war.<br /><br />It's interesting to see how Robert handles being alone.  I personally would go stark raving mad, but Robert handles the madness and frustration by trying to figure out just what causes a person to become a vampire.  He discovers a potential reason, but the irony is it's just too late.<br /><br />The ending I'll leave to you to read.  It's faster paced than the rest of the book (which in and of itself is a short book and a quick read) and the ending leaves you wondering about \\"what if\\".<br /><br />People who are in love with the romance of vampires will hate this book.  People who loved Van Helsing will likely enjoy this book.  Either way, it's a classic and worth the time.
B004OR1X6A|5.0|After listening to this disc at least a dozen times, I'm still blown away by the sound quality and the quality of the playing.  The songs are all great.  We'll never know just why Rory wasn't satisfied with these recordings, but I'm glad that they've finally been released.  Definitely a treat for the ears.  If you are a longtime fan of Rory Gallagher or a newcomer, buy this CD.  You will not be sorry.  R.I.P. Rory.
0385535139|1.0|I can remember staying up all night reading The Firm and then gong the next day to find A Time to Kill.  I couldn't get enough of Grisham and his stories.  Who among the serious Grisham fans hasn't heard about him writing A Time to Kill on legal pads while he struggled as a practicing lawyer?  Just great real-world drama to go along with the stuff he was making up.  Now after dozens of books, it all seems just a bit too formula-driven for me.  I've read a number of the negative reviews here, and I pretty much agree with all of them.  Sure Grisham has tweaked the formula over the years.  He started out with his protagonist scoring a big pay-day at the expense of the Mob, then it was the evil insurance company, and then it was the evil corporation.  Then Grisham decided that his books didn't have to end with the \\"good guy\\" scoring big, so we got variations on the same themes.  This book is certainly no exception.  I won't spoil the book for you, but if you've read more than three of Grisham's books, you'll find lots of similar territory here.    I have two really big problems with this book: First, Grisham gives us his usual morality lecture in book form.  As we've seen in the past, its obvious that Grisham has some problems with greedy lawyers and how they feed into the tort reform debate.  I feel certain that Grisham has thought about the problem long and hard, but he doesn't give us any real solutions.  Instead, in this book he tells us two stories -- one of greedy plaintiffs (whose injuries are specious at best) and their ambulance-chasing lawyers and one of the seriously injured little boy whose legal cause is just and noble.  My guess is that Grisham was trying to contrast these two situations, but instead he really blurred the line between the two.  But the far bigger problem is character development.  Our hero is David Zinc who cracks up and bolts out the door from his $300,00 per year big-firm job, goes on a bender, and then ends up practicing law with two loser proprietors of Finley & Figg, both of whom should have been disbarred years before our main character stumbles into their firm.  These two guys contrast with the street-wise receptionist.  The problem is that each character's back-story is built over just a page or two.  They don't seem real, and as the reader, I don't really care about them.  Instead, I feel like I'm walking into the middle of a play, and I've got to make guesses about the characters' motivations.  Honestly, I had to keep flipping back to the front the remind myself the difference between Finley & Figg.    Honestly, I feel like Grisham pounded this one out working from the same standard outline and quit when he got to 400 pages.  It had tons of potential, but it was entirely plot-driven, and we all knew how it was going to end by the time we got to page 50.  Between advances, royalties, and the possibility of a movie-deal, I fully understand why he wrote this.  I'm not sure, however, why I read it.  I won't be pre-ordering any more of Grisham's legal thrillers.  Finally, I've gotta tell you that I'm sick and tried of Grisham tearing down the legal profession.  He gives us unethical behavior and greed to contrast with the one shining example of legal idealism that we see in his main character.  Sure there are evil or incompetent lawyers out there, but they're the exception -- not the rule which is exactly the opposite of what Grisham would have you believe.
0312323867|4.0|This book was very heartwarming to me. Granted, I was emotional when I read it, and my husband wondered if I was having a breakdown, because every now and then I had to stop, compose myself, and then continue reading. I loved that Darcy was able to come to amends with her life. Her journey was real and cathartic. She gradually out grew the shallowness that enveloped her life and formed real relationships with past and present friends.  A great read.
B0053VKP8S|4.0|The product is a bit better quality than I expected.  The case and connections seem well made.  It is not a flaw of the product that it doesn't work to connect my 50\\" LG plasma to my vintage 2-channel analog stereo.  This product will convert a 2-channel stereo digital signal to a 2-channel stereo analog signal.  My TV has no option to send a 2-channel signal out through the optical.  It only sends a multi-channel (left,right,center,surround) signal.  This product can't convert that to stereo (left,right only), so it only produces static.  If your audio source has the option to send stereo to the optical out, this is the product for you.  If your TV/bluray player/etc. can't do that, I recommend the GefenTV Digital Audio Decoder as the most reasonable alternative.  It's more expensive, but that is largely because it has the more expensive converter from Dolby.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|HP Deathly Hallows 2, great way to finish the series........however I will not be buying this combo package that offers no hard digital copy!  Will wait until the rush is over and pick up the blu-ray afterwards.  UltraViolet Digital Copy is a sham!!!
B0042J6VUS|4.0|I should have checked the width of my phone. I decide to keep it. I fixed it by unscrewing the bottom lid, release the spring. Then use tape to fix it to the width of my phone. It works that way :D
B001992NUQ|5.0|I saw this film as an art student when it first came out. It influenced my work heavily - from the music to the characters ... brilliant story line, never gets old. Can't afford to blink while watching it because there are so many subtle flashes of imagery.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|The Lucasfilm Limited/20th Century Fox Home Entertainment team has, over the past 10 years, released the six live-action Star Wars Episodes which make up\\"The Tragedy of Darth Vader\\" on DVD several times; the Prequels initially as individual 2-disc sets (2001-2005) and the Original Trilogy (or Classic Trilogy, if you prefer) originally presented in a four-disc box set (2004).<br /><br />These initial releases have been followed by two more re-releases, the first being the 2006 Special Limited Edition re-issues of the Classic Trilogy which include the \\"transfer from laserdisc\\" theatrical versions of Star Wars (1977), The Empire Strikes Back (1980) and Return of the Jedi (1980) because fans weren't thrilled that they had only the 2004 \\"for DVD\\" versions of the 1997 Special Edition re-edits.  Two years later, Lucasfilm re-issued both trilogies in separately-sold box sets with slimmer DVD cases.<br /><br />For the 2011 Blu-ray release of the movies set a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, George Lucas has authorized a first-time ever box set, Star Wars: The Complete Saga, which presents all six films in one collectible package, which also includes three bonus discs with making-of featurettes, interviews, documentaries and even a selection of Star Wars spoofs.<br /><br />What is in the box set?  Well, unfortunately for many fans, Star Wars: The Complete Saga doesn't include the original versions of A New Hope, The Empire Strikes Back or Return of the Jedi either. Instead, the set includes the \\"official\\" versions from the Classic Trilogy 2004-2008 DVDs, with several additional tweaks added for the 2011 Blu-ray editions.<br /><br />(Note: All six Episodes of the saga received digital fixes, not just the '77-'83 movies. Some are very noticeable, including an all-digital rendition of Yoda which replaces that garish-looking dark-green puppet in The Phantom Menace, while some, mostly involving sound edits or added off-screen dialogue, are fairly subtle. Additionally, some glaring visual goofs spotted in the DVD releases have been either partially or completely corrected.)<br /><br />To be honest, I am one of those rare Star Wars fans who aren't upset that Lucas did not offer the original 1977, 1980 and 1983 versions of the Original Trilogy with the Blu-ray set. I have those already on DVD and though I am fond of them, I prefer the updated versions.<br /><br />As is often the case with Blu-ray reissues of movies already available on DVD, Star Wars: The Complete Saga offers viewers a mix of the old and the new.<br /><br />For instance, the original 2001-2005 (from both Trilogies) DVDs' audio commentary tracks have been retained, but the menu design is different, more foreign language tracks and subtitle options have been added, and new audio commentary tracks - edited from archival interviews featured in \\"making of\\" specials and other sources - can be heard while watching each Episode.<br /><br />The Bonus Features:<br /><br />This, dear reader, is the only source of disappointment about the Star Wars: The Complete Saga Blu-ray set, albeit one that I will eventually will learn to live with.<br /><br />To be sure, the complete \\"carryover\\" of extra features from the DVD version to Blu-ray would have made the set a bit more unwieldy and even more expensive, and I have seen a few Blu-ray versions of movies I own on DVD that don't duplicate all the extra features from the older format. The Blu-ray edition of Superman: The Movie, for instance, eschews at least one featurette found in the DVD's extra features section, and Terminator 2: The Skynet Edition doesn't include a Windows Media Player-only version of the original 1991 theatrical version that comes with Artisan's 2003 T2: Extreme DVD.<br /><br />For me, Star Wars: The Complete Saga's only major weak point is the selection of documentaries on Bonus Disc 3, which has quite a few good bits (The Making of Star Wars, The Empire Strikes Back: SPFX and A Conversation with the Masters: The Empire Strikes Back 30 Years Later are my favorites), but also includes a few less-than-riveting ones.<br /><br />While I am not knocking 2007's Star Wars Tech, a documentary which delves into the sci-fi aspects of the saga and its comparisons to modern Earthbound technology and aired on cable's History Channel, I would have preferred to have seen that same year's Star Wars: The Legacy Revealed, which is an examination into how George Lucas borrowed from mythology and Earth history to create a story with themes that are relevant and universally appealing.<br /><br />My Recommendation: If you own a high-definition TV and a Blu-ray player, you probably think that the Star Wars movies will look and sound better on Blu-ray than in any other home viewing format. And guess what? You'd be right. The digitally-remastered audio and video elements give home viewers clearer sound and sharper images than previous formats can, although the \\"old\\" DVDs still look nice when played on a Blu-ray player with an HDMI cable.<br /><br />Sure, the fact that Lucas's team of digital artists has - again - tweaked both Trilogies and not included the older versions may still rankle some diehard fans, but to me, Star Wars: The Complete Saga is, despite its few shortcomings, really worth buying.ile I am not knocking 2007's Star Wars Tech, a documentary which delves into the sci-fi aspects of the saga and its comparisons to modern Earthbound technology and aired on cable's History Channel, I would have preferred to have seen that same year's Star Wars: The Legacy Revealed, which is an examination into how George Lucas borrowed from mythology and Earth history to create a story with themes that are relevant and universally appealing.  My Recommendation: If you own a high-definition TV and a Blu-ray player, you probably think that the Star Wars movies will look and sound better on Blu-ray than in any other home viewing format. And guess what? You'd be right. The digitally-remastered audio and video elements give home viewers clearer sound and sharper images than previous formats can, although the \\"old\\" DVDs still look nice when played on a Blu-ray player with an HDMI cable.  Sure, the fact that Lucas's team of digital artists has - again - tweaked both Trilogies and not included the older versions may still rankle some diehard fans, but to me, Star Wars: The Complete Saga is, despite its few shortcomings, really worth buying.
B001QKSWOE|5.0|I love the Janet Evanovich numbers series and this is one \\"between the numbers.\\"  It was a great story with a character I had not encountered before, Diesel, and still includes the ever present Ranger.  I thought it was a good, fast, intriguing read as usual but less sex scenes by Stephanie.  Great read, definiately recommend it!    Check out my other book reviews: [...]
1742677568|5.0|Absolutely wonderful storyline..narration is superb.  Caroline Lee is a genius at bringing the written word to life! I have listened to all of Kate Morton's books on tape and would be hard pressed to choose a favorite.  The House at Riverton ranks as one of her best, IMHO.
B003R0MF5I|5.0|I'm a long time watcher, from the beginning, of Chuck. I still enjoy it in season 4. The story lines continue to interest me as do the characters.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|Not too much that can be said that hasn't been said in relation to overclocking. I got this to go with my p8p67 evo motherboard and it works perfectly. It is fast even with not overclocking. had no problem installing it and the only thing I would say (which is obvious) is to not use the CPU cooler that came with the box. I would go grab a better $90 cooler so that you do not risk overheating the CPU. I would definitely recommend this product.
B000ICLRIE|5.0|Wow, director's cut is epic.  3 hours!  IT fills in a lot of the back-story that is missed in the theatrical release.  The Bluray quality is excellent.  If you like the movie, the director's cut is definitely worth checking out.
0920236251|2.0|The Paper Bag Princess was a cute story but I wasn't expecting it to be matchbox size. I was very disappointed in the product for the price.
B000VNMMPM|5.0|I wish we could make more movies like this in the USA. The French seem to have a lock on great movies these days. Maybe it's cause they aren't so profit driven. I can't say enough about this movie, another score for Luc!
014241493X|5.0|I can proudly say that this is my favourite book. Totally relatable situations and characters, and such a creative story line that is at the same time tense and fun. I read this book in three days, and I was quite sad wen I finished. Can't wait for TFiOS!!!
B00021R7CG|5.0|This was a great movie about the emotions and driving factors of the pilots as well as others involved in a nuclear nightmare. It was on a par with Fail Safe and every bit as good. With James Earl Jones in it you know the acting was great. It was a great movie to make you think of the roles everyone plays in situation like this.
B004K4AVAG|5.0|This is the best album in the history of the universe!!!! This new one is Lady Gaga's best yet, and its so empowering to everyone who's not like the average person. I think the best part is that you can listen to it so many times and you won't get bored. My favorite songs are Edge of Glory, Fashion of His Love, Amen Fashion, and You and I. This is such a feel-good album, and perfect for dancing when nobody's watching. If you want to do something good for yourself, you should go out and buy this album.
B005XI94HY|5.0|Comments before me have done a great job in defining this artist.  I will add that regardless of what type/style of music you prefer after listening to this glorious voice sing these great songs you can't help but feel uplifted and happy that you are alive.  So if your having a bad day, sit back, relax, and let Florence and the Machine take you for a very nice musical ride.  Ceremonials could very well win album of the year.  Yes, it is just that good.  Florence and the Machine are headed for greatness in the music business.
B004JRVQX0|1.0|My ILok died the week I got it.  Non-existent support.  2 week wait to get it replaced.  If you haven't already committed to  studio system that uses it, pick a different studio.  I sure wish I had.
B004PLWGVG|5.0|When listening to this album I seriously go into some kind of ethereal out of body experience.  The more you listen to this album the better it gets.  Florence says that she patterns herself after the great Stevie Nicks   She says she loved her music, stage mannerisms, presentation and wardrobe.  I can see and hear the similarities but Florence not unlike Stevie earn their own distinctive sound by every great song they belt out.  When I listen to Hurricane Drunk she sounds so much like Grace Slick.  Does anyone else hear the similarities?
B000002MFE|1.0|It's an understatement to say that this album is good, it's fantastic (even that is an understatement), but unfortunately I have to say that I had some problems with the recording. The recording sounded very bad and unresponsive, especially in some songs (Tears in Heaven for example).  During the listening we thought there was the problem with the speakers, electricity or some other component, we changed all components couple of times and at the end we finally changed CD (and everything started working fine). So there is on obvious problem with my CD (recording).  Did anyone else had the same problem?  Thanks.
B0063GORYU|3.0|Good game, major complaint are the adds on startup. I would consider paying for the game just to get rid of the streaming videos. Solved the problem by deleting the game.
B005HI4LMS|5.0|This movie was a perfect blend of comedy (dark humor) and bloody horror.  The entire cast was spot on in delivery and the direction gives you what you want in the form of no holding back.  This movie was super enjoyable, fun and well balanced to bring to you a film that can be watched on your own and enjoyed or with a group of friends.
B00004VWA7|5.0|what can you say about jaco,he was the greatest innovation to bass playing musicians & every listener to ever hear him play his bass guitar,a lot of musicians have all been able to learn from him & better there ability to play stuff,that can be unthinkable,& he was & will always be the greatest bassist to walk this planet,jaco was the first to step into cosmic bass playing,& he will always be to me & other musicians the greatest bassist ever,yes there are others,but he was the incredible one,to anyone who has never heard him play,you must without a doubt buy his cd's you will be astonished at his ability to play his bass,& I'm sure you will be amazed,& will search out other artist's that he recorded with,happy listening to all & one more thing to remember,jaco came first,before anyone else,the others that came later,all were inspired by jaco & he was the one they all looked up to.
0307588343|5.0|This book takes the reader into the belly of the beast as to what went wrong, why, and furthermore, why it just happened again with MF Global. A prudent man/woman will give a copy of this to a daughter or son as it will teach the children well.  I retired from Wall Street as a Senior Vice President and I have seen what goes on in the private boardrooms.  40 to 1 leverage.  If you don't understand, sit down and read.  I would have pulled out my hair if it wasn't already mostly gone.
B005WFUZTE|5.0|At last an album that ties up with Megadeth's first 5 albums. Also, the return of Dave on bass impacts this album dramatically. As a bassist myself, Im very happy for his return on this album, he;s one of my favorite metal bassists. Finally an album I can listen to back to back for hours, actually I havent turned it off since Tuesday's release, lol. Go get it!
B000X107GI|5.0|Exactly as described, fresh batteries.  My whole family uses LED lights on our bicycles.  Theses batteries have lasted longer than the originals that came with the light.  They arrived quickly and packaged as shown.  10 batteries for the cost of 2 bought in the camera store
B0045EJY90|1.0|I bought this CD player about 6 months ago. I figured that TEAC being a well-known brand (which I have bought before) that it would be a quality product. Apparently not so. About a month or so ago it started occasionally make a loud metallic hiss when I first started playing a CD.  It was so infrequent that I didn't get too bent out of shape at the time. It has now started doing it all of the time making it impossible to play a CD. Very disappointing. 6 months, really?
B0002VEPRQ|5.0|This was a great movie when it came out.  It was a great movie for years.  It is still an outstanding movie and as enjoyable decades later as it was originally.  A great family movie for any personal library.
B005UKK4Y2|5.0|Excellent comedy, I didn't stop laughing throughout the entire movie. All the laughs despite the fact I knew story line before I started watching it.
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|A great movie stirs emotions deep, and that usually doesn't involve too many animated movies. This movie makes tearless man sob like a child. Not only the first time, but EVERY time a person watches. Just search Internet for any discussions or video clips on saddest animated/Disney movie and most would put Mufasa's death as #1 and pretty much on everyone's top 3. It's simply timeless for every generation. I don't recall that any animated movie had released in theater 3 times and drew huge audience each time. And I'm sure there will be more theatrical releases within couple of decades.  The 2D blu-ray 1080p picture quality is a major upgrade compared to mine DVD version. The colors are as beautiful as ever! The audio has good directional sense and very clear with details. The animated bloopers are cute, but low resolution and therefore not clear...  The 3D blu-ray is pretty good and seems quite natural (ie developed for 3D). Most are in-screen depths with good delineation of near/far objects. There are few out-of-screen shots like the stampede, Mufasa's leap to save Simba.  All in all, despite I have every copy of Lion King from tapes to Laser Disc to DVD diamond editions, this is one that I gotta have and will never have regrets.
1451648537|1.0|I love to read biographies. For me it's better, then any fiction, it's about real people, real life in real time. And it is first time when the author actually does not like the person he writes about. Not only that, he wants us to think bad about SJ too. I find it very dishonest, because SJ asked him personally to write the biography and spent on it huge amount of time. Valuable time, considering how little time he had for himself for these 2 years. Nothing is wrong with WI disliking SJ. We are all different. But it would be better, if WI just had sold his information about SJ to someone, who would have done more honest job. I believe, SJ was hoping that there are young people in our world, who are like him and, maybe, they can read the book and learn from the mistakes SJ made. And, if it is so - isn't it a great idea? But from this book these young people can get suggestions - \\"if you want to be next SJ, then you should do LSD, have messy sex life and after all that go to India, they will cure you\\". I heard Mark Zuckerberg is already in India. I wonder...
B005DZMODI|4.0|If you like old style NO jazz this is for you, brassy and bold. Not a pure listening event for my tastes but a joy in the mix.
0385535139|4.0|This is the first book of John Grisham's that I've read.  I've seen all the movies and enjoyed them very much.  I don't know if this one will be made into a movie or not, but I thoroughly enjoyed it from beginning to end.  There were parts that seemed a little rushed, but there was a good story very well written, brought to a very satisfying end for all concerned.  I recommend it for anyone who just wants to enjoy reading.
B0000524E5|5.0|This is the best most uplifting movie and I love it ! Have seen it about five times !! If you haven't seen this movie by all means order one !
B004G600A4|1.0|I've seen the movie in 3D, I love it, it was well worth the money and effort to go see; the work is excellent, the comedy is excellent [with enough Adult Only in jokes to keep the parents amused]...  BUT I am just so taken aback that this item is for sale on here at $30.95. Why? It's not even a 'new release'. No disc warrants that amount of money... no matter how many times the little ones will watch it. And I see that the bluray version is cheaper. Is this the same ploy that the music industry used to get us to switch to the infinitely more profitable CD format from vinyl? Make the newer [and more profitable in the long run] format cheaper? I know it isn't Amazon that is racking this up to insane prices [at least I hope it isn't :)]. I think people should just boycott items that are overpriced, either online or in stores. The companies will soon get the message.  by the way, this item retails here in Ireland in store for Euro 9.99 which comes to about $14.00.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|im doing my upgrade from a Q6600 i cant tell.. this is a Great CPU,  extremelly fast, unlocked, and fully powered!<br />16GB of Ram, Win 7, and of course, a NZXT Havik 140 cooler for a 4.5 OC with no heating problems!<br />PLUS I got a free BattleField 3 Game download with it. woohraaah!<br />best buy i could get. 5 Stars!
B0053YGYO4|5.0|I was frankly surprised by all the negative reviews of Coldplay's new CD Mylo Xyloto. I loved the sound and it's even better than Viva La Vida! There wasn't a single track that I didn't like and it sounded like the Coldplay I remember from earlier days. This had a nice rich sound to it and it is on a par with Parachutes, my favorite Coldplay album. I like this just as much, if not more!
B004529NLG|3.0|Dancing has never been my thing. I'm just not cheery enough of a person to take a serious interest in an activity in which all committed participants are joyfully dancing and hopping around all - the - time. But hey, more power to them right? That's not me, but I kind of wish it was, you know?  Honestly the story serves as an excuse to show off some killer dance moves. You can tell these people work hard, and showing off that talent is the sole purpose of this movie. I don't take the drama seriously in the least--they all seem too cheery and bubbly to go to \\"war\\" with other dance troupes--but the moves are cool and the 3D probably takes the cake out of any other current live action BluRay 3D (barring Avatar maybe, and it's definitely better than RE Afterlife in terms of the 3D). A lot of the 3D is behind the screen and those shots all look real, like you're on set. The \\"out of screen\\" effects never seem forced either; they never seem like a pointless gag. Rather the few \\"pop out\\" effects that the director employs are more along the lines of \\"holy crap that's awesome!\\" when they are used. You never get sick of it, like you're being fed a gimmick. Usually it's a close up of a dancer, and it feels like you're right there in the crowd, like the guy/girl is trying to involve you in the show.  Bottom line: the script isn't amazing but it's not awful. Acting isn't the best but it's not horrid. The story is pleasant enough so that you're not hoping for the movie to end, and the dancing/3D filming are engaging enough to make you wish there was just a little bit more. Hopefully Step Up 4 will be in 3D as well, that's all I'm saying.
B005AUWXZ0|4.0|First of all, while I like the first one better, this movie was enjoyable too. My boys, 8 and 3, loved it. They enjoy cars and races and had fun with this movie. Now for my confusion. I really don't understand why so many people are upset with the \\"violence\\" and \\"dying\\" in this movie. It's not as if slight violence in Disney movies is a new thing. How about the older (and even not so old) Disney movies, such as Bambi, Lion King, Beauty and the Beast, Finding Nemo, Pocahontas, and Tarzan? Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't there violence and death in those? Parents dying (B and LK and FN), children dying (FN), wolf attacks and guns and intolerance toward those who are different(B&B), guns and shooting (T), people dying and racism (P). It seems simple enough to me. If you're that concerned with what your child(ren) might see in a movie, always screen it first.
B003Y5H53S|1.0|I was eager to watch this movie with my kids given the hype it received when it came up. Unfortunately, the movie was not what me or my kids expected and was a let-down all around. I thought it was not appropriate for my children at all... there were some inappropriate words (when you consider the young audience for which this movie is marketed) and the humor and storyline, (ex, the snack with a tail that's a gun) was not kosher for our family's expectation of a family film. Sadly disappointed. If you're looking for a family film, don't look here.
0767817729|5.0|this movie was a very good movie. i really liked it, but i like kevin costner . he is a great actor. price was great also
B0053KWDES|2.0|It's a great amp but does not enhance the music.  I purchased new Audio Technica cans and hoped to get more clarity of the high-hat, vocal tones, etc. with the E11 using my iPod.  It boosts the bass and volume and that's it.  As someone else noted, you cannot use the amp and charge at the same time.  If it was cheaper, the review would have been more positive.
B004LROUNG|5.0|Excellent- I Enjoyed this book very much.  I was already a fan of John Grisham's work and he did not disappoint with the Litigators
B0058YPG1G|5.0|I was beginning to believe that I had to watch tv shows from other countries to see anything worthwhile, especially criminal law shows which we tend to detach in our tv from the reality of the field.  Then a show like BREAKING BAD comes on and I feel guilty for ever having such traitorous thoughts.  Could anything be better than this American crime show?  In a word: No.  For those of you watching the CSI franchise and the Law & Order franchise, this show makes those look like some tinker toy version of criminal law. I have had to stop watching some of those shows because of the glaring believability problem I now have after watching BB for four seasons.<br /><br />If anything, season four was even better than 1-3, which is hard to imagine.  The writing is absolutely superb episode after episode, surpassed only by the acting of every single actor doing every single character. There is no one who does not do a magnificent acting job in this series.  Even so, one must single out Bryan Cranston and Aaron Paul as inhabiting a different universe in the acting world from their contemporaries.  Heck, these guys make the actors doing criminal law FILMS seem inferior.<br /><br />I could write a book about this season but instead I am just going to give a few highlights as I don't want to wreck the wonderful watching experience in store for you. The biggest problem at the core of season four is that Walt and Jesse are in terrible danger of being killed by Gus. Gus and Walt especially view one another as intractable enemies and each realizes that one must kill the other in order to survive.  Esposito does a fantastic job as Gus, a criminal who makes more effort than most to lead a seemingly normal life but also is infinitely more evil and corrupt than most.  He comes across initially to those who meet him about as threatening as your average CPA.  That he runs a drive through chicken franchise empire as his front is downright hilarious.  The DEA, except for Hank, buys this masquerade too, hook, line and sinker.<br /><br />Hank comes into his own this season initially as a pathetic cripple who won't do anything but buy rocks on ebay to restore his life to some semblance of what he once had.  As he notices Gus more and more though, he begins to come back to life.  The two sisters, one his wife and the other Walt's are their own sources of vexation to Walt and Hank and most others.  Hank's Marie starts stealing again but at real estate open houses (this sequence is brilliant) and Skyler's former boss's problems with the IRS are now her problems too since she cooked the books for him.<br /><br />Jesse is the weak link keeping all of these lives hanging by a string.  First he comes apart as we open the season and he has killed to keep Walt alive.  Then he is restored by Gus and his henchman Mike to be Gus's tool towards destroying Walt. Jesse doesn't know this.  He thinks they have come to find his talents valuable instead.  Jesse resists Gus but he is fragile.  His personality is at odds on almost every level whereas Walt is a heat seeking missile in comparison to Jesse. He just wants to consume with fire everyone who has ever made his life a misery.  He rarely even thinks about his cancer any more as these other events have so overtaken him.<br /><br />I better shut up now and hope that you get the show ASAP and have the time of your life.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday., line and sinker.    Hank comes into his own this season initially as a pathetic cripple who won't do anything but buy rocks on ebay to restore his life to some semblance of what he once had.  As he notices Gus more and more though, he begins to come back to life.  The two sisters, one his wife and the other Walt's are their own sources of vexation to Walt and Hank and most others.  Hank's Marie starts stealing again but at real estate open houses (this sequence is brilliant) and Skyler's former boss's problems with the IRS are now her problems too since she cooked the books for him.    Jesse is the weak link keeping all of these lives hanging by a string.  First he comes apart as we open the season and he has killed to keep Walt alive.  Then he is restored by Gus and his henchman Mike to be Gus's tool towards destroying Walt. Jesse doesn't know this.  He thinks they have come to find his talents valuable instead.  Jesse resists Gus but he is fragile.  His personality is at odds on almost every level whereas Walt is a heat seeking missile in comparison to Jesse. He just wants to consume with fire everyone who has ever made his life a misery.  He rarely even thinks about his cancer any more as these other events have so overtaken him.    I better shut up now and hope that you get the show ASAP and have the time of your life.    Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B001TOD92C|4.0|Though he plays the wrestler, this film is a metaphor for the acting career of the once pretty Mickey Rourke. Like the main character here, Rourke was on his last acting legs when he made this hit, and it brought him back from the dead. All the blood is disturbing for those who are squeamish, like me, but the artistry here somewhat justifies the gore. Marisa Tomei is great as the stripper he falls for. The daughter role is also well done. But Rourke carries this thing, and his face and body are riveting to see. Rourke keeps it gentle throughout, which is surprising because we half expect a violent outburst at some point.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|I received my dvd quicker then expected & just in time for my son's birthday, he was very excited. No scratches, plays perfect. Id use this seller again.
B005NN4PPU|5.0|This album is absolutely amazing, I cannot stop listening to it! James Morrison is such a talented artist and such a soulful vocal. This album is by far his best I feel (I have all three). It's just so passionate, there are some fun songs, uplifting songs, and just down right sad/romantic songs. There is honestly not one song on this album that I dislike. This guy is going to have a VERY long career.
0062073486|5.0|This was the first Agatha Christie novel that I have read. I was very impressed and wished I'd actually taken the time to read her in the past.<br /><br />And Then There Were None was a really good whodunit mystery. The ending kind of amazed me. The murder wasn't who I expected it to be, and the explanation of how they pulled off all the murders was pretty clever. I liked the premise, that all the people on the island were made to be suspect. Through their guilt of things they had done in their past they all had the ability to pull off the murders.<br /><br />The writing was really good. It was very fast-paced but it didn't move so fast that I was lost in what was going on. The murders happened in a way that as soon as I \\"recovered\\" from one another one had happened. That was the greatest part of this book, that it kept the suspense going and didn't really have any down time.<br /><br />I am very glad that I decided to pick up this one. I really enjoyed it and will be getting my hands on more Agatha Christie soon!
B000FC1192|4.0|It is about a little girl that walks through a core door a second time and uncovers a new flat.The first time she was with her mother and it was just bricks behind the door.Since she was alone she didn't know what was behind the door.The other flat looked just like her other one did except she had an other mother and an other father as the book calls it. The other parents have big button eyes and make good chichen. SCARY!!!!!!!    I think if you like scary and freaky mysteries you might like this book.  P.S. This involves just a little amout of blood
8862937148|5.0|The Moleskine weekly notebook is just about perfect.  The week layed out by day facing a ruled sheet for notes format suites me well, this is the fifth year running that I've purchased one.  Of course, the quality is typical Moleskine, you won't find better.  I got the softbound version, easier on the pocket.
0062011847|5.0|Ok, there are worse things. But look, I tried to read a little at a time (good luck). I tried to read it slowly (that worked a little). But sooner or later, the book ends, and then you will have to wait for the next one. It's not so bad rereading most of the Discworld books, but really, Mr. Pratchett, would you please try to write/release two books at a time??? :-)  Seriously, this may not have been his funniest book, but it was pretty damn funny. Infact, Snuff may rank as one of my all time favorites. As I mentioned above, I really couldn't put it down. This book stars most of the Watch characters and is all about Vimes and a lot about his butler. Vimes goes on \\"vacation,\\" and falls into a big pile of everything from racism, to mob mentality, etc.....and he even saves a wonderful fanny! Ha!!! I never saw that comming. Snuff is more than a novel, it tells a story, but also gives you some lessons, and perhaps, for some, a different outlook. I can't see how someone cannot enjoy this book. It's really just awesome. Note the writing is a little different than some of the others in the series and the comedy is really different, but still, I laughed outloud in the doctors many times....but alas, as I mentioned, I was hoping this book would last through all of my radiation and chemo, but it looks like I will be rereading it and then going back to other DW books to keep me going......and I suspect, after I reread Snuff, I might come back and rank it my all-time favorite DW novel.  For anyone who might be listening, this would be great on DVD!!! Ehem. Hint, hint.  I should also add that if you are new to the series, I think that it is still an easy read. There is enough information that you will get to know the characters, and that is one of things I like best about TP's writing. He really does develop the characters well, and you really do get to know them. So much so, that sometimes you might feel something is a little out of character, but I did not feel that here. Everyone was spot on. Another great job by Mr. Pratchett.....and for personally, it could not have come at a better time!
B0000714BP|4.0|I bought this for my girlfriend because she asked for it for her birthday.  I would recommend renting it before buying.  It's one of my girlfriends favorite movies.  But to know if you really want to own it, I'd make sure you like it first.  Hope this review is helpful.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|For those who think I'm nuts for getting an unlocked overclockable Sandy Bridge CPU, but haven't chosen to overclock it, I assure there is a method to my madness.<br /><br />These unlocked CPUs are certified by Intel as operating well at higher clock speeds. To me this says there's a good chance they'll last even longer and be more stable when left at default speeds than the locked version -- and for only about twenty bucks more (at current pricing). Plus I love having the option to overclock, should I choose to do so.<br /><br />Anyway, installation was a breeze, and I'm cooling it with a [[ASIN:B0051U7HMI Corsair Hydro Series H80 High Performance Liquid CPU Cooler (CWCH80)]] (with a pair of [[ASIN:B003XWCIR0 DeepCool 120mm Ultra Silent DC Fan with De-Vibration TPE Cover (UF120)]] replacing the stock Corsair fans). Idle CPU temps are around 108-115F, and not all that much higher at load, and as for performance it's like owning a sports car. Fantastic CPU for the price.<br /><br />I'd definitely get this CPU again, and might end up doing so within the next six months as there's a second computer I think my spouse might like me to build...
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is intelligent, intriguing, and vastly different from many other young adult books on the market. Many books on the young adult reading list consist of vampires and other supernatural powers and events. The Hunger Games offers readers both a refreshing and thrilling journey into the world of The Capital. A place where contestants are chosen at random to compete in a Survivor game unlike any other. Competitors face a much more devastating fate than going home with a burnt-out torch. To win, everyone else in the arena must die.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|This is probably the closest equivalent you'll find to Microscope Office on a mobile device. This app is very helpful and easy to use. I'm extremely glad I got it; totally worth it. Works very well!
B003H9M1QM|5.0|As usual, Disney's movie magic quality at it's best. As a Disney classic, I still love it, and my 3 year old daughter couldn't take her eyes off the movie. I recommend this for anyone who loves Disney, or who have kids that love cartoons.
1402789599|5.0|This book is awesome! I was so excited when I got it, I took it with me everywhere for a week as school/work show and tell! There is so much more content than I expected and I didn't realize that Darwin's original sketches were also included! Not only is this a great purchase for the bio geek, it's an excellent resource for a first time reader to fully grasp the mindset of Darwin.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|I picked this book due to a twit.  Growing up in the 80's I never thought it that interesting.  This book brought back memories.  I Loved it and have suggested it to several friends and even more strangers.  I work in a restaraunt and see lots of people with their kindles.  I do not hesitate to suggest this book.
B005A1ER0I|5.0|I've been waiting for a while to find another good album by the makers from Two Steps from Hell and here comes Thomas Bergersen nailing it. I'm very impressed with the intense and the quality of this music. I'm simply in love with it. It's not less then fantastic. I cannot wait till he puts out another single because count me in for downloading it - I'll be waiting as patiently as possible for the next release.   Lately, the music from *cough cough* epip score and a few others (not mentioning) have been dull, almost if you've heard the music before a million times. Illusions on the other hand, blew my mind. I chose Illusions over the new Archangel (two steps from hell) soundtrack because this album blew my mind.   In a brief summary from the above: you can't go wrong with buying this album.
B005MVIF7M|5.0|Five-star reviews don't come easy from me. If I like something a lot, I'll give it 4 stars. That way, I can save 5-star reviews for something really spectacular. This, my friends, is a 5-star album. Wilco demonstrates again masterful musicianship, song writing deftness and range. I liked the album immediately, but after repeated listens, it has completely grown on (or \\"into\\" maybe a better word) me. (Disclaimer: A number of my Amazon reviews are 5-stars. I guess that's only because I choose to write reviews for albums that I highly enjoy. The lessers don't get rated at all.)  I remain convinced that Wilco is today's only significant and important band. Others qualify as merely good.
0739375970|1.0|It was a long time coming, which may have added to the expectation that this would be another fantastic book. The reality was a very different story. I could forgive the addition of new characters coming out of nowhere and thrown into the mix if the story was advanced in the process. However, most of the events in the story just stopped dead. It's the same type of writing that turned me away from Robert Jordan's 'Wheel of Time' series. Characters start a book in a certain predicament and finish the book in the same place. Stagnant is one way to describe it.<br /><br />There is an even bigger problem to this book, however. It is BORING. I felt like I had to force my self to open this thing up and push my way through. I kept hoping that the story would turn around and be more like the first three books but it just didn't happen.
B004LWZW7E|2.0|**Warning: This review contains spoilers.**<br /><br />In Time is an action film for pretty boys - particularly pretty-boy television stars. Justin Timberlake stars as Will Salas, one of many who live in a futuristic world where physical aging stops at the age of 25. However, this is also the point where the LED clock on your arm starts to tick down to zero, at which point the rest of your life is spent chasing after minutes to keep yourself alive to, essentially, chase after more minutes like a junkie.  These minutes can be gained through metal devices designed for the purpose, or in small amounts from those generous enough to share. Time is either treated as currency or a drug, with the next fix or payout always being slightly out of reach.<br /><br />There are many moments in this film in which I became consciously aware that I wasn't buying what they were trying to sell me. Straight out of the gate, we are supposed to believe that Olivia Wilde is Timberlake's mom. I was squirming in my seat during their first scene together, imagining that some sordid episode between the two would eventually result.<br /><br />Cut to Salas hanging out in a bar that introduces us to both of the television stars of the film. Johnny Galecki (The Big Bang Theory) is Salas' best friend, a drunken loser whose wife is raising the kids while he indulges in nightly binges. Serendipitously, Timberlake and Galecki are in the bar the same night as Henry Hamilton (Matt Bomer - White Collar) who &#34;has a lot of time on his hands.&#34; That is to say, he's rich. The &#34;minutemen&#34; (thugs) have tracked Hamilton down to this very bar to fight him for his wealth.<br /><br />To clarify, &#34;fighting&#34; consists of limp-wristed arm-wrestling where those involved press their clocks together blood-brothers style in an effort to make time run down. The victor walks away, still in possession of his own time, with the added bonus of the other party's time. To &#34;time out&#34; is to die.<br /><br />Salas ends up saving Hamilton's &#34;life.&#34; He then takes Hamilton to a warehouse to hide out and finds out that Hamilton is over 100 years old.  In the morning, Hamilton gifts Salas with all of his time while Salas sleeps, save for enough time to get Hamilton to the nearest bridge so that he can sit atop it and plummet from it dramatically when his clock times out.<br /><br />Since this is not a suicide per se, the only explanation for his chosen location that I could come up with is to get the police involved. Enter &#34;timekeeper&#34; Raymond Leon (Cillian Murphy), the &#34;timecop&#34; (oh yes, I went there) tasked with investigating where all of that &#34;time&#34; went.<br /><br />Of course, immediately following Salas' &#34;gift of time,&#34; his mom ends up &#34;timing out&#34; during what is to become the first of many long-distance, stiletto-heeled runs that were prerequisites for actresses who wanted a part in this film. I laughed at how quickly her clock ran down. No other passage of time in films that I have seen to date was treated with as quick a cut as this. I grimaced as Timberlake proved my trope anticipation correct, as he held his mother's lifeless body in his arms and screamed &#34;Nooooooo!&#34; at the top of his lungs.<br /><br />Now that Mommy's dead, Salas vows to take revenge on the rich folks who live in a different &#34;time zone,&#34; despite the fact that they have zero to do with his mother's death. But they're still bad guys because they're driving up the prices on time (it's difficult to make that concept sound serious), a practice that will eventually kill everyone.<br /><br />On his travels, Salas meets Phillippe Weis (Vincent Kartheiser - Mad Men) and his daughter, Sylvia (Amanda Seyfried), the obvious love interest.  (Where do they come up with these names?) Another awful clich&eacute; rears its head when Salas halfheartedly attempts to teach Sylvia how to live life on the edge by taking her for a swim in the ocean that is her backyard. (That's not a joke.  These people are that rich.)<br /><br />Of course, Leon tracks Salas down to this location and, to no one's surprise, Salas breaks free. He grabs Sylvia by the arm, effectively dragging her into the police cat/criminal mice game, which is replete with a dash of &#34;minutemen&#34; and a spot of weak car chase.<br /><br />What is the purpose of these &#34;minutemen&#34; anyway? Is their existence proof that time isn't the only threat to man? The film's climax involving the showdown between Salas and said minutemen is boring, and the film ends on a Robin Hood-meets-Bonnie and Clyde note. By the end, I was surprised to realize just how many times I had zoned out during the course of the film.<br /><br />I enjoyed seeing that Murphy was awarded more screen time, but for a film like this, it doesn't even matter. Bomer, Seyfried and Kartheiser are believable, though Kartheiser seems typecast as his Pete Campbell character. Timberlake is outshone here when pitted against these veterans, despite being the star of the show.  It doesn't help that his acting is pretty paltry.  Stick to Saturday Night Live, JT.<br /><br />I truly believe that there was a bet going on where they wanted to see just how many time-related puns they could fit into 109 minutes.  And the CGI, when employed, is pretty laughable. The concept of tangible time is interesting enough, but the idea is stretched so thin that it becomes transparent, and the script, with its trite and lackluster dialogue, appears to be a first-year film student's attempt. The trailer is very misleading by purporting that In Time is an action film. In Time is more of a heist film, and it's not a very good one.<br /><br />I Give This Film: 2 stars<br /><br />[polldaddy poll=8717833]las down to this location and, to no one's surprise, Salas breaks free. He grabs Sylvia by the arm, effectively dragging her into the police cat/criminal mice game, which is replete with a dash of &#34;minutemen&#34; and a spot of weak car chase.  What is the purpose of these &#34;minutemen&#34; anyway? Is their existence proof that time isn't the only threat to man? The film's climax involving the showdown between Salas and said minutemen is boring, and the film ends on a Robin Hood-meets-Bonnie and Clyde note. By the end, I was surprised to realize just how many times I had zoned out during the course of the film.  I enjoyed seeing that Murphy was awarded more screen time, but for a film like this, it doesn't even matter. Bomer, Seyfried and Kartheiser are believable, though Kartheiser seems typecast as his Pete Campbell character. Timberlake is outshone here when pitted against these veterans, despite being the star of the show.  It doesn't help that his acting is pretty paltry.  Stick to Saturday Night Live, JT.  I truly believe that there was a bet going on where they wanted to see just how many time-related puns they could fit into 109 minutes.  And the CGI, when employed, is pretty laughable. The concept of tangible time is interesting enough, but the idea is stretched so thin that it becomes transparent, and the script, with its trite and lackluster dialogue, appears to be a first-year film student's attempt. The trailer is very misleading by purporting that In Time is an action film. In Time is more of a heist film, and it's not a very good one.  I Give This Film: 2 stars  [polldaddy poll=8717833]
0525423656|4.0|The book: great! It is a nice sequel, interestingly written and I enjoy the continued poetic allusions.  There is an error in the Thomas poem in the frontispiece, however. In the second line the word Thomas used was \\"rave\\" not \\"rage.\\"
1439153663|4.0|I was really debating whether to give this four- or five-stars.  Had I written the review immediately after finishing, it would have received higher praise, but after reflecting on it overnight, I determined it had some flaws that outweighed an exemplary ranking.  Perhaps now that I'm blogging and thus writing more frequently, I have become more critical, but I couldn't ignore some of the more frustrating aspects of the book.  First and foremost, it really irritated me that it was hyped as The Help meets Gone with the Wind, which unfairly raised my expectations.<br /><br />I realize this review is already sounding harsh, but I really did enjoy this book.  The historical aspects are well depicted and I absolutely adored many of the characters.  Typically, when I read a book with such a large cast, I have a hard time differentiating between similar characters, but here, I felt each one's individuality.  I loved the first half especially, as Irish indentured servant Lavinia is adopted by an extended family of slaves on a Virginia plantation.  When she gets older, her whiteness gives her a distinction among the servants and she is afforded opportunities that her black counterparts are not.  This is where the book took a bit of a turn for me.  Lavinia makes assumptions, jumps to the wrong conclusions, and therefore makes some really poor decisions that lead to one tragedy after another.  I wanted to grab her by the shoulders and shake her senseless for her stupid choices.  Her own complacency led to her unhappiness and had she just gone with her instinct, everything would have turned out ideally.  Then again, this dramatic conflict is what makes a captivating novel.  The villains are of the most despicable sort, the atmosphere is excellent, and the history feels authentic.  I was not terribly impressed with the language, but that didn't deter me from devouring the novel in less than two days.  As a piece of historical fiction, this was very successful, especially for a debut novel.<br /><br />I received a complimentary copy of this book via the Goodreads First Reads program..    I received a complimentary copy of this book via the Goodreads First Reads program.
B003L77G8I|5.0|I own all six seasons of Bones and still enjoy them all. Great watch all of the cast interact. DVD are fun with extras and good quality recording. I expect to enjoyment for years to come.
0307279189|5.0|This is a really compelling read.  Highly recommended for anyone that is into running and fitness!  Here's to running a 100 miler!
B0011UBDTK|1.0|I was disappointed when I got to season 3...All it kept on doing was skipping and wouldnt let me play some of the episodes. I dont want to keep the set even if the rest of the discs worked..what is the point if one season doesnt work? That is like watching a movie from the middle and missing the important stuff that happened in the beginning...very upset that I have to return it :(
0525423656|4.0|Ever since I read Matched by Ally Condie last spring, I have been anxiously awaiting the next volume in the trilogy. Crossed released last week and since I had preordered it, I was happy to find a copy on my porch (via UPS) last Tuesday morning. I set aside the other book I am currently reading to devour every word of the highly anticipated young adult novel.<br /><br />It is difficult for me to write reviews for the middle novel in a trilogy. The endings so rarely leave the reader satisfied (which is the point) that after a breathless reading there is that moment of realization that the story won't be complete for another year. This is the reason that I usually don't read series until all books have already been published.<br /><br />Crossed takes the characters of Cassia and Ky from Matched and puts them in the next portion of their personal and societal conflicts. This novel has alternating chapters from Cassia and Ky's perspective and I must admit that it took me a few chapters of confusion to realize this, even though on closer inspection I saw that their names are clearly indicated with each chapter heading.<br /><br />Crossed continues the action from the end of Matched. Cassia is searching for Ky who is now fighting to stay alive in the Outer Provinces. Their values and their hearts will be tested in the unforgiving landscape of the Carving.<br /><br />I did enjoy Crossed, though perhaps not as much as I liked Matched. I especially enjoyed Matched because of the uniqueness of the very well organized socialistic society that didn't have such obvious breaches yet still restricts the freedom of the individual. It is often harder for people to rebel against this type of society and I feel more impressed by those who can \\"rise\\" up. I also appreciated the lack of violence in Matched. However, violence is to be expected in a war so I was not surprised to have it in Crossed, though it was minimal. The setting in Crossed is very different. While I love the \\"Southern Utah\\" setting that is described in those novel, I look forward to a return to civilization in the final novel of the trilogy.<br /><br />As in the second act in a play, the conflict builds and the audience is left frustrated and anxious. Overall, I enjoyed the continuing action and direction of this story and I look forward to the conclusion of a well written, imaginative and intelligent dystopian series.se novel, I look forward to a return to civilization in the final novel of the trilogy.  As in the second act in a play, the conflict builds and the audience is left frustrated and anxious. Overall, I enjoyed the continuing action and direction of this story and I look forward to the conclusion of a well written, imaginative and intelligent dystopian series.
0525476881|5.0|It's a good fast read with a witty storyline.  I would not recommend it to your tween though as it has a few pages that are pretty explicit. Let's just say, it's no Nancy Drew book.
B003Y5H5AG|5.0|This is the BESt Smurf movie ever. So great and the animation is just amazing. I highly recommend this movie. It's great for people of all ages.  A+++
B005GP7F8Y|2.0|OEJ is my favorite western.I think it is one of the best ever made...so when I heard it was coming in Blu Ray,I preordered a copy from Amazon,and could hardly wait to get it.I got it,and played Blue Ray OEJ that night.The transfer is a little better than TV,which makes for a transfer from hell.It looks to have some kind of 1080 seive over a previously bad transfer,the only digital remastering I saw was no remastering at all,the closer you get to the screen the blurrier the images get.This transfer is almost without color.The sound is OK.I don't really know how to describe the horrid opening titles(german i think).OEJ should be a Criterion project if ever there was a Criterion project or what about Coppola,Speilberg,and Scorsese,who loved and were affected by OEJ.I'm surprised one of them has not took on OEJ as a restoration project.Last but not least what happened to the director's cut which IS out there,I watched it while I was stationed in Vietnam at our outdoor theater(circa 1969).
B0042JIL2E|5.0|I had just recently become aware of this lady, and had to order a CD to really check her out. The music, primarily written by her, is upbeat, kind of rockabilly, jazzy, bluesy. Her vocal range is absolutely amazing, and it is an absolute pleasure to listen to her.
1439116881|5.0|The book is beyond words.  It's very hard to put down once you've started reading it.  I am very pleased that I have this for my book collection.
B002ZG99N6|5.0|There are some films that tip the scales one way or the other when it comes to a crime drama.  With The Town, We get a nice balance.  It isn't very heavy in the urban drama department.  It also isn't overly sappy with the crime family element either.  Throw in the fact it could easily rival heist movies like The Dead Presidents and Point Break when it comes to high profile robbery setup and action scenes, and you have a winner.  Affleck is able to introduce a large variety of characters that all have a poignant purpose to the story.  MacRay's father, the lead FBI agent on the case, his former girlfriend, and the bank manager all could have slipped through the cracks like cardboard cutouts, but instead all shine along with the rest of the cast in this film.  Piven is, as always, a great addition to an already stellar story line.  Unlike some films of this genre, The Town is a compelling story that is able to put weight and importance on every scene it doles out.  Highly recommended.  DW
B005KJZDW6|5.0|I grew up on the Dean Martin/Al Martino \\"Best Loved Songs of Christmas,\\" and it seems like every 4-5 years a Christmas album of equal or greater standing is released and enters history as an instant classic. I haven't seen a truly good album release for several years now, and was beginning to think the classic holiday albums were all behind us. Then this happened. This is, beginning to end, one of the most amazing holiday tributes I've ever had the pleasure of listening to. It's an instant classic, and will bring enjoyment to my family for years and years. Such musical talent and whimsy, these songs are fun and traditional, yet simple and clean. Absolutely wonderful album, and I'm glad I bought it on vinyl.
B005W8SNNG|1.0|All movies must reflect some aspect of our culture in order to be successful, and the fact that this movie was even made I think reflects quite poorly on that culture.  The lead character is a conniving, foul mouthed and shamelessly opportunistic gold digger that's been forced back into the classroom after being dumped by her rich boyfriend. She hates her job, her students and her co-workers and doesn't care who knows it, yet we're somehow supposed to root for her when she embezzles from a student car wash, smokes pot on school property and sleeps off hangovers in class. She wants a boob job in order to land a dorky but wealthy substitute teacher and resorts to theft, extortion, vandalism and outright felonies in order to raise the money to pay for it. Seriously dedicated teachers and parents are portrayed as clueless simpletons that she is able to dupe with a smile and witty remark.  In the end she secures everything she sought by framing another teacher and destroying a budding romance, then decides she doesn't want it after all and walks away unscathed. I'm not someone who demands a moral message in the movies I see, but come on!
B004SBX112|5.0|Seasons has grown to a gem in the series, with its seasonal themes, new birds, and clever levels. Kudos to Rovio. What's next this year? Angry turkeys vs pilgrim pigs?
B004VMVTNU|5.0|The absolute best alarm clock app you could ever ask for. Should be built in as a standard feature. I am beyond pleased with this and its customization features. Essential.
1439102732|1.0|I've read all of Jodi's books previously and was so excited to see this one on the shelf at WalMart. Unfortunately, no spoilers in my review, this novel paints all evangelical Christians as homophobic scumbags and all lesbians as kind-hearted, loving saints. I kept hoping it would change, that Jodi would not keep lumping me in with Westboro Baptist Church idiots, but, sadly, no change.   I saw one woman's obsession over having a biological child of her own destroy her marriage, but the dissolution of the marriage was her husband's fault?!? I saw a woman wallowing in the emotional upheaval of divorce diving into a new relationship. Vanessa took advantage of Zoe's anger and sorrow and, magically, though she'd never had any homosexual tendencies prior, she was a lesbian and claiming she was born that way. Wow. That's a bit of a stretch.   I don't mind the exploration of such controversial topics. I don't even mind when the author comes to a different conclusion from my own. However, I do mind seeing such ridiculous stereotypes cast onto anyone bearing the name Christian. According to this book, I'm a simpering, uneducated doormat who'll only do those things my husband allows and who has no opinion of my own, outside the one he gives me. smh. Yeah, that kind of pisses me off.    I guess I thought the book was going to be about the controversy surrounding IVF primarily and homosexual adoption secondarily. In reality, the book is about bashing Christians and telling the world that the only \\"fit\\" parents are homosexual or extremely liberal heterosexuals. I'm extremely disappointed in this book.
B00000F14B|5.0|My Mom requested us to be on the look out for this video, I found it and purchased, arrived very quickly and she is happy, and if mama's happpy we are happy!
1439102813|5.0|Lisa Genova's STILL ALICE is a book I'd recommend to anyone who is caring for a victim of early onset Alzheimer's and anyone else for that matter.<br />My copy was a book club selection and a book I would not normally read. It was the first that I've read that used the point-of-view of the victim, though I've read several from the pov of the caregiver.<br />An excellent read.<br />Nash Black, author of SANDPRINTS OF DEATH
B005KMX866|5.0|While it's true Isaak (this is my first purchase of one of his albums) \\"covers\\" many of the great songs by artists from SUN Records, this is far more than that type of album. It's a paean to a unique time in music history and to unbelievable rock and blues artists discovered by Sam Phillips. It also is obvious from Isaak's liner notes that these artists and songs shaped his music future, and that comes through in his presentations. It is an enjoyable and entertaining trip down memory lane for those of us who were teethed on 50s rock and roll, and Isaak and his band do an excellent job.
B0052E6EY0|1.0|This is over 7 hours and comes on 3 discs. I'll admit something up front: I only got through the first disc. I really did want to like this. On paper, it looks like it should be fabulous: colourful historical character, great actors, great music, shot on location, etc. But I cannot bring myself to watch the rest of it. If you feel that disqualifies me from providing a review, I guess you should read no further. I wish you luck with your own viewing. For the rest of you, I am faced with a dilemma. Just how much detail should I provide, so that you don't think I'm simply an uneducated moron who is unable to appreciate \\"art\\". By the same token I don't want to waste too much more of my life on this film. So I've decided to just list out some of the problems with this film, rather than put them altogether into a cogent, well-structured argument. You can take from it what you will:<br /><br />- The portrayal of Wagner as a spendthrift, vain, self important, emotionally cold, nasty bully is so relentless, that it quickly gets tiring. There is no contrast, no light and darkness. He treats everyone with scorn and contempt. So much so it's hard to imagine anyone loving him, or any woman wanting to have an affair with him. Whatever his faults, I find the portrayal hard to believe. And the allusions to Hitler in some of the Dresden scenes are altogether embarrassing and over the top.<br />- A lot of the scenes drag, much longer than is necessary, long after they've made the point they were trying to make, like the endless scenes of Wagner and Minna talking in their sitting room. And then we are presented with another scene that is essentially making the same point, but in another context. I realise some repetition is necessary to get across particular character flaws, but there's no need to beat your audience over the head with a sledgehammer. How many scenes do we need to establish his spendthrift manner? His German nationalism? His cruel treatment of his wife? Some judicious editing would have been nice. Making an \\"epic\\" doesn't mean that you just stuff everything you want into a movie, and exercise no critical judgment.<br />- There are a lot of long-winded speeches (Wagner talking at length, railing against anyone and everyone, with people patiently listening), or outright weird scenes and dialogue in the style of European art house, that just annoyed the hell out of me, e.g. where people suddenly cry out, or say something absurd. Like Wager standing in a crowded room at a function, screaming out, unnaturally, something like, \\"Listen to me, damn you! Damn You! Listen to me! I'm Wagner!\\" Okay, I get it, it shows he was desperate to be heard, that he felt like people weren't listening to him etc. But it comes across as clumsy and gauche. In another set of scenes, Wagner kept waking up from a nightmare and screaming: \\"Nothing to do with her! Nothing at all to do with Mathilde Wesendonck!\\" (his muse and potential lover). Okay, once I can forgive, but the scene repeated over and over? In another scene, also repeated ad nauseam, we see a dwarf blacksmith forging the famed \\"ring\\" in front of a fire. Speaking off which, there is one very odd scene where Wagner is talking to one his dalliances on a French beach and says, full of gravity, \\"Where is there a blacksmith? Where? I need to hear the sound of metal being struck. I must learn to forge metal.\\" To which the lover responds, \\"I must learn to walk.\\" They then walk along the beach, and she says, \\"Richard, your words, your ideas, they fill me with confusion...love!\\" He says with gravitas, \\"Yes, love.\\" And she shrieks, \\"I give it to you freely!\\" all to the swelling strains of Lohengrin. I laughed out loud.<br />- The script is full of such purple prose, with people talking in a manner, and stringing words together, that is hard to take seriously. There's also a problem with Burton's delivery. It's like a theatre piece, as if he's on stage in some kind of Shakespearean drama. I just didn't buyit. It felt like I was watching an actor delivering a particularly bad script. It's as if he thought that every word uttered by Wagner was important, and that Wagner likewise must have thought that every word he uttered was important, even if he was just asking for toast and marmalade.<br />- Even when Wagner is quoting something that Wagner actually wrote, like his poem Siegfried, the extract is way too long. Okay, I guess the filmmaker wanted to establish just why it is that everyone in the scene is falling asleep or snoring, but do we really need that much to get it?<br />- Some of the scene progressions are unbelievably stupid and clich&eacute;d. Like Minna telling Wagner \\"I hate noise...bangs\\" just before an explosion signalling the start of revolution in Dresden. To which she responds by dramatically turning her head and saying \\"My God. It has begun.\\" Really?<br />- Some scenes and relationships with individuals are poorly set up and explained, like the love affair with Jessie Laussot. We're left with no explanation as to how this relationship came about (save for the ridiculous scene on the beach mentioned above), or what motivated Wagner other than a desire to get his rocks off.<br />- There's an awful sex scene, that includes a close-up, full-frontal (and totally unnecessary) shot of a woman's vagina, in the same art house style, replete with bushy, matted, curly orange pubic hair. Honestly.<br />- The film has a narrator. That's fine - the narrator is used to disclose elements of Wagner's story, and to explain some of the inter-relationships, but the tone is often the kind of tone that is used to tell bedtime stories to children. I found it cloying and annoying.<br />- Burton is way too old for the earlier scenes. I know, he was a great actor - yaddah yaddah - but it just doesn't work. It'd be like watching my grandfather trying to play me at 40. The problem is that we have an actor of advanced years trying to play a middle-aged Wagner.<br />- Some of the longer scenes start with music in the background, then the music suddenly cuts out when there is a shot change within the same scene. It's jarring and completely unexplained. I can only assume that when it was edited for television, the scene was broken up with an ad?<br />- Solti's conducting is a disappointment. Or maybe the sound just doesn't cut it these days? I was underwhelmed in any event.<br /><br />Okay, I'll stop there. I think you get the picture. I rarely cannot watch something through to the end, but this qualifies for that distinction. Maybe in another era, as a television mini series, this might have worked. But not today.s watching an actor delivering a particularly bad script. It's as if he thought that every word uttered by Wagner was important, and that Wagner likewise must have thought that every word he uttered was important, even if he was just asking for toast and marmalade.  - Even when Wagner is quoting something that Wagner actually wrote, like his poem Siegfried, the extract is way too long. Okay, I guess the filmmaker wanted to establish just why it is that everyone in the scene is falling asleep or snoring, but do we really need that much to get it?  - Some of the scene progressions are unbelievably stupid and clichd. Like Minna telling Wagner \\"I hate noise...bangs\\" just before an explosion signalling the start of revolution in Dresden. To which she responds by dramatically turning her head and saying \\"My God. It has begun.\\" Really?  - Some scenes and relationships with individuals are poorly set up and explained, like the love affair with Jessie Laussot. We're left with no explanation as to how this relationship came about (save for the ridiculous scene on the beach mentioned above), or what motivated Wagner other than a desire to get his rocks off.   - There's an awful sex scene, that includes a close-up, full-frontal (and totally unnecessary) shot of a woman's vagina, in the same art house style, replete with bushy, matted, curly orange pubic hair. Honestly.  - The film has a narrator. That's fine - the narrator is used to disclose elements of Wagner's story, and to explain some of the inter-relationships, but the tone is often the kind of tone that is used to tell bedtime stories to children. I found it cloying and annoying.  - Burton is way too old for the earlier scenes. I know, he was a great actor - yaddah yaddah - but it just doesn't work. It'd be like watching my grandfather trying to play me at 40. The problem is that we have an actor of advanced years trying to play a middle-aged Wagner.  - Some of the longer scenes start with music in the background, thenthe music suddenly cuts out when there is a shot change within the same scene. It's jarring and completely unexplained. I can only assume that when it was edited for television, the scene was broken up with an ad?  - Solti's conducting is a disappointment. Or maybe the sound just doesn't cut it these days? I was underwhelmed in any event.  Okay, I'll stop there. I think you get the picture. I rarely cannot watch something through to the end, but this qualifies for that distinction. Maybe in another era, as a television mini series, this might have worked. But not today.
B004SUWR2C|2.0|I like the screen presentation, but the gameplay and options need some work. I don't like for the sound to be on, and I have to turn it off each and every time I use the app. It doesn't remember to leave the sound off? The app plays it's little intro song EVERY time I select the app. How am I supposed to play at work when my boss hears this little jingle I ask? It allows me to save a profile for myself, but doesn't save my preferred options?<br /><br />Another issue I have is the gameplay rules. Maybe I've been playing Uno wrong for the past 20 years ... but I've never even heard of a concept where you have to randomly swap hands with another player ... at random points in the game. It's very frustrating that I can't turn this off either. So allowing adjustment for the rules would be a nice addition.
B003L77GGA|5.0|Smallville recently concluded it's 10 year run in May and while the final season itself wasn't the best of the series it did have many super moments, particularly the amazing Finale that would have been more amazing had we seen Tom Welling in the suit.  However, Smallville has never looked or sounded better, for example, the Finale episode looks way better than any HDTV rip it is clearer and the main reason to own this besides the great 1080p video is the DTS-HD audio which is a first for the series on Blu Ray. The DTS track sounds unbelievable, it's loud, completely fills the room and is the best way to enjoy the final season of this awesome show.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
1612680003|5.0|Rich Dad Poor Dad is a book that I have Wanted to read for a long time and just never ordered it. It is a quick read (183 pages). It has a lot of information that is relevant to acquiring financial stability. It explains why your house is a liability and not an asset as most people would assume. (Not that you should not own a house that in the long run would appreciate in value) This book in a nutshell explains why you should be buying assets and not liabilities to promote financial independence, and why the current tax system favors business owners and not individuals. Also that you should not work for money, but that you should make money work for you.
B0042RUMH8|5.0|I just luv the CD that I ordered. It is called \\"LOVE.\\" I may wear it out b4 long. It came the time it said it was going to be here. Thanx.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|The soundtrack to \\"The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 1\\" is great! This is another great soundtrack to one of the most anticipated movies of the holiday season. This is also an another great addition to the Twilight soundtrack collection. All the tracks on here are great.  Track Listing  1. Endtapes - The Joy Formidable  2. Love Will Take You - Angus & Julia Stone  3. It Will Rain - Bruno Mars  4. Turning Page - Sleeping At Last  5. From Now On - The Features  6. A Thousand Years - Christina Perri  7. Neighbors - Theophilus London  8. I Didn't Mean It - The Belle Brigade  9. Sister Rosetta (2011 Version) - Noisettes  10. Northern Lights - Cider Sky  11. Flightless Bird, American Mouth (Wedding Version) - Iron & Wine  12. Requiem On Water - Imperial Mammoth  13. Cold - Aqualung & Lucy Schwartz  14. Llovera - Mia Maestro  15. Love Death Birth - Carter Burwell
B0053YGYO4|4.0|Myself, I had to listen to this record for 2 weeks and every time I did I would find something new that I loved about it. Like most Coldplay albums in the past they take some time to grow on you.
0393338398|5.0|Would recommend to anyone who has an interest in baseball's developing quantitative analysis. This book describes undervalued skills in players is being found by Beane and co. to develop their team with such a low salary to create a winning ball club.
B006470HZ6|3.0|Not gonna lie....This was the was the sleepiest episode yet.  Yes the writing, the acting, and continuity are all excellent as you would expect from this series...but this episode just did not have the right balance of story telling, to suspense, to action, to thrill that all the other episodes have had.  I think the strength of this series is how well each episode maintains that balance.  Each episode thrills, and story tells, and makes you empathize with each character.  When an episode loses that balance, it loses its impact and falls to the wayside of what is more typically expected in a not so stellar TV series.  Perhaps this is filler to extend the content for a longer second season?  Lets hope there are not any more episodes like this one.
B005ZV8Q2S|4.0|THE CHANGE-UP is another film by the writers of HANGOVER AND HANGOVER II (Jon Lucas and Scott Moore) and the director of wedding crashers (David Dobkin): that should give a pretty solid clue as the what is in store in this film - potty mouth and gross humor that is so very very popular today!  The concept of the story (two disparate characters changing lives in a manner as magical as the fairy tale 'The Three Wishes') is not new and at times it becomes wearing, but the big difference here is that the characters are assigned to two really brilliant comic actors - and so it works in the long run.<br /><br />Two longtime friends are feeling distance in their relationship: Mitch (Ryan Reynolds) is a womanizing free-spirited life as an actor for commercials and 'lorn movies' (soft porn) who lives in a pigsty of an apartment, grabbing fast food where he can find it, while Dave (Jason Bateman) is a conscientious successful lawyer with a major la firm in Atlanta, and is married to a beautiful woman, and lives in a picture book house with three small children.  The old concept of the grass being greener on the other side of the fence brings the men together for a drunken evening where while voiding in a  public fountain voice that they wish they could change places. Thunder, darkness and boo, they wake up as the other guy.  Mitch must carry on the functions of a learned lawyer while maintaining his own style and faces the duties of a parent of infants and a dissatisfied wife (Leslie Mann) while Dave attempts to adjust to the grungy Lothario existence as the lorn star, being pursued by the beautiful Sabrina (Olivia Wilde).  Gradually each man in his new role discovers ore about life by walking in the others shoes and it is at this point that the film becomes an intelligent vantage of appreciating what we have by seeing it through the eyes of polar opposite friends.<br /><br />Both Reynolds and Bateman have great comic timing and make us understand the conflicts of views and appreciation found in the change of lives.  The women in the cast do well and there is a touching cameo by Alan Arkin as Mitch's father.  This is a bawdy comedy with the emergence of a heart full of lessons in the end.  Make it through the fist 30 minutes and you'll find a good movie.  Grady Harp, November 11the change of lives.  The women in the cast do well and there is a touching cameo by Alan Arkin as Mitch's father.  This is a bawdy comedy with the emergence of a heart full of lessons in the end.  Make it through the fist 30 minutes and you'll find a good movie.  Grady Harp, November 11
0689835604|3.0|Definitely not the best lift-a-flap book, it is easily ripped, even accidentally. My daughter got this for Christmas, last year, and has read through it a few times, but it's not a favorite, but I'm not going to give it few stars because of that; all kids are different. I just feel lift-the-flap books should be more durable.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|LG Esteem, works well for transferring files between my computer and phone.  Pretty straight forward interface. Gingerbread 2.3.4 on Metro PCS with no problems.
B000CC3SDW|5.0|Although not familiar with most of Yo-Yo Ma's catalog, I have always been a fan of Sergio Leone and subsequently, Ennio Morricone.  The soundscapes he is able to create in The Man with No Name trilogy, Once Upon a Time in America, and other films make these films utterly captivating.  Though you may not be familiar with every film Ma and Morricone reimagine on this disc, it simply doesn't matter.  The music the two work together to create music that sounds as if it were written for cello with an orchestral accompaniment on half the tracks, or vice versa on the other half.  Although the entire album is outstanding, the shining track, for me, is where Yo-Yo Ma showcases his amazing prowess and emotion on the single track from The Good, The Bad & The Ugly (Ecstacy of Gold).    This particular SACD also shines in its wonderful dynamics and tasteful, but not overbearing, use of the rear surround channels.  Nearly every track could serve as demo quality material.    Sonically, I'd give it a 4.5/5.  Musically, it deserves a 5/5.
B003L77G6A|5.0|The guys and gals in Big Bang provide another season filled with fall on the floor laughter. Like 2 or the previous 3 seasons, every episode is hilarious and well done. Sheldon is at his best and Howard plus mom help make this the funniest comedy on prime time. each season one can watch over and over [[ASIN:B001FB4VXU The Big Bang Theory: The Complete Second Season]]- every year  run them again and you will still laugh just as hard!
B004UQPM4E|5.0|Like all the other reviewers I think this is a great set and the films look much better in Blue Ray format than they did in the earlier ultimate editions.   I just want to point out that two of the \\"Fleischer\\" Superman cartoons: \\"Mechanical Monsters\\" & \\"Billion Dollar Limited\\" are partially edited. \\"Mechanical Monsters\\" retells Superman's origin which was originally only presented in the first Superman cartoon and leaves out the part about Superman having X Ray vision. \\"Billion Dollar Limited\\" also has a slighty changed opening. If you own the Bosko Video version of the Fleischer cartoons you can spot the differences. Warners included the same edited editions of those to cartoons on the earlier DVD ultimate editions.
B003R0MF1W|5.0|\\"Mentalist, noun. Someone who uses mental acuity, hypnosis and/or suggestion. A master manipulator of thoughts and behavior.\\"<br /><br />The Mentalist tells the fascinating story of observational genius of Patrick Jane, who works as an independent consultant working with the California Bureau of Investigation (CBI- like a state FBI).<br />episodes are not always hard to figure out, but they always keep you guessing and entertained.<br />this season is the best of all and all the rest were excellent.<br />get the other seasons: [[ASIN:B003R0MF1W The Mentalist: The Complete Third Season]][[ASIN:B002N5N4NA The Mentalist: The Complete Second Season]]<br />[[ASIN:B001CTDH76 The Mentalist: The Complete First Season]]
B000068CNX|5.0|I bought season's 1,2 and 3. I have absolutely no regrets with these purchases. Great quality and loads of laughter. Would recommend this for anyone, young and old and particulary those that need to destress.
1400069181|5.0|The \\"One-to-One\\" business model is cleaver, simple, practical, and caring. Mycoskie's story is inspirational and his message can be applied to the smallest start-up idea to today's largest existing corporations. Tom's Shoes is living proof that love and generosity increase the chance of business success and living a life that matters.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This bag is everything I hoped it would be. I expected a little bit of disappointment somewhere because the price is so low, but the bag completely exceeded my expectations.
B000SZLSB2|5.0|James Blunt you have done it again, FANTASTIC!!!!!!!  I am 62 years old and still rocking out to your music, I Love Love Love you, also want to say that I have all three of your CD's and also saw you in concert a few years ago In Phoenix, Arizona and if you ever come to the twin cities in Minneapolis, I will be there too.  I am just a huge fan, listen to your cd's daily,  Well thanks for loving me back.  Debbie
B000305ZS4|5.0|Emperor's \\"In the Nightside Eclipse\\" is one of their best albums they had released bac in the mid 90's.  It still keeps that raw feel that Black Metal should have, but also maintains a complexity within each of their songs to keep the listener engaged within, not only the music, but the dark atmosphere it presents.  Some originals mixed with some cover songs, this album is a true must for any Black Metal fan.  It should be a staple within a Black Metal fan's music collection.
B004KKYX9K|2.0|Ever since I read My Sister's Keeper a few years ago, I have been a massive fan of Jodi Picoult. Although she is not the greatest writer, her storylines and characters are enough to make every single one of her books a thought provoking page turner. Sing You Home is the one exception. After reading House Rules on our annual family holiday last year, I counted down the days until Sing You Home came out so that I could do the same. However, once I progressed past the fortieth page, I found myself becoming more and more disappointed. To me, Zoe and Vanessa's relationship was not entirely believable. I couldn't understand how Zoe could go from being so in love with Max to so in love with Vanessa in a very short amount of time. I felt as though Picoult's personal opinions were far to dominant in this book, and her characters, which usually glow, were somewhat one-dimensional. Every time a new Picoult novel comes out, one of my friends buys it and we all take turns reading. Being the one to buy Sing You Home, my friends waited eagerly for me to finish the book. Whilst usually we recommend Picoult's books to one another straight away, I could not recommend this one at all.
1907563202|5.0|I have made several of the items in this book and have loved both the process of making them and the finished product.  My favorite was the tea cozy on the cover - one of the main reasons for buy the book.  I finished it the day of the royal wedding.  So much fun.  The pictures are bright and inviting.
B004V9MU86|5.0|The Book Thief is without a doubt one of the most powerful and beautiful books I have ever read. I first picked up this book last year as I finished the school year and was at a loss for what to do. The blurb intrigued me, and yet it could not even begin to describe the beautiful depth of the characters, the vividity of the setting and Zusak's marvellous use of words and his magical prose. When I reached the ending, I cried for a long time, and just the thought of the book and its beautiful characters haunted and touched me. When I received my Kindle for my birthday this year, this was the first book I bought. I would and do, recommend it to anyone.
125000568X|5.0|If you're a Queen fan, you must get this book! I had read about it on their web site & couldn't wait until it was released. The first thing I did upon recieving this book was to immediately thumb through it. I was very surprised to see all of the extras that were inside. The author & the surviving band members have put together a scrapbook rather than a novel. It was interesting to see hand written notes from the band members from the \\"A Night At The Opera\\" era. There is a pull out poster of the band from \\"The Miracle\\" era. There is also a nice section devoted to \\"The Mercury Phoenix Trust\\". The one thing that every Queen fan will love will be all of the band pictures that are in the book. A lot of the pics never before released to the public until now. For the price you pay for this book, you will get tons of enjoyment out of it that is priceless!!!!!
B005ZCXFD2|3.0|ATTACK THE BLOCK is certainly different than many alien invasion films.  Director Joe Cornish displays a keen sense of gritty realism and elicits good performances from his young cast.  The accents are pretty thick so careful attention needs to be paid to the fast-paced dialogue.<br />The creatures are pretty unique, with their glowing teeth and quick movements.<br />The film obviously has a message and social commentary on how \\"bad\\" kids given the right break can become heroes.  These kids are certainly bad as evidenced in the opening scene where they rob our heroine at knifepoint.  I found it difficult to cheer them on since you can bet after they conquer the aliens they'll go right back to their gangsta lives.<br />At any rate, the movie is slick and energetic, probably finding a teen audience more in tune with its rebellious heroes.  But hey, I was young once too!
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This backpack is really perfect for someone who has a camera and needs space for lenses and other accessories. The pack is well made and durable. It has several extra zip up pockets inside and one on the outside for various accessories  or cables. i would definiteley recommend this item and the price is great. Probably less than half of what you would pay in Best Buy.
B000VX4X3G|5.0|these are premium mens shoes.there well built,very HIGH QUALITY MATERIALS.there made to LAST FOR YEARS.they have a very good sole on them.i,ve purchased shoes similar to these,with rubber? type of soles and the cold will penetrate and cause your feet to get cold.NOT THESE !!GREAT SHOE FOR WEARING YEAR ROUND !!
B0000AM6IY|5.0|There aren't enough stars in the sky to rate West Side Story.  It is that good.  The choreography is beautiful, the music is beautiful, the lyrics are fantastic, the acting and singing are magnificent and it is timeless! A perfectly crafted Romeo & Juliet story that will out live most other tragic love stories well into the future.<br /><br />I first saw this movie when I was a kid and many times since then.  Everytime I see it I fall in love with it all over again.  I actually think it's a better version of Shakespeare's Romeo & Juliet!!
B0057A6GA6|5.0|this has proven to be my favorite tower defense style game.  good graphics, well designed game play, and a challenge as you advance in levels (and there are a lot of levels).  the story writing.g is poor (english/grammar could use some editing), but who cares - I don't play this game for pulitzer quality writing... lol.  if you enjoy tower defense, I definitely recommend this game.  I got it as the free app of the day, but I think I would even pay for it.
0452277752|4.0|This collection is, as you've probably read, the only way one can read King's controversial Rage.  I bought this collection for that one, even though I had read the other three books included (The Long Walk, Roadwork, and The Running Man).  I thought he could have created an incredible story with Rage, but found it to actually be pretty dull.  I wasn't impressed.  The Long Walk is a really interesting idea, but the story is pretty severly overrated.  It's an enteratining read for sure, but it's definetely not one of his better books.  The Running Man was quite good, and I absolutely loved the ending.  Roadwork, the story of an angry man who self destructs, is the best of the bunch, and one of King's top ten best novels.  I don't understand why it is so often cited as one of his worst books.  I loved it and have read it a few times now.  Sadly underrated.
B005JU5JTI|4.0|It's a stupid movie, but come on, did you expect it to be anything else? High quality mind-challenging cinema?  It's funny, and that's what matters. A lot of the jokes are about things you really wouldn't want happening in your kid's school, but so what, this isn't about model teachers in real life, it's a movie about a really bad teacher, and her being bad is what's funny about it.   I'd say 3.5 stars. It's funnier than the average movie in that same category, so I don't regret the money I spent watching it. It was enjoyable and amusing enough.
B0055S348W|5.0|I've used this to print email attachments maybe two times at home to my network printer when I didn't want to take the time to turn on my laptop. It worked great every time (though it did seem a bit slower than using a computer).<br /><br />Plus the developers are very quick to reply.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|I did not see this movie in the theater so I have been waiting for the blu-ray to come out. In addition, I travel between the east and west coast quite often and use those flights to catch up on movies on my iPad ... until now. Ultraviolet is a moronic concept where you stream what is supposedly yours over wi-fi for three years. Well, I canceled my pre-order as soon as they indicated it was ultraviolet (stupid name too). I will not support such nonsense. I instead will order the movie only blu-ray and I will rip the blu-ray to the HD 264 codec for the iPad and watch it whenever and wherever I want. So, to the ultraviolet developers and promoters -- sit and spin, I'm going home.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|Before any intentions of Brian Wilson's forthcoming masterpiece Smile could ever see the light of day, the project was leaked out by fellow musical counterparts as well as the musicians that performed on the tracks better know as the Wrecking Crew.  But despite that major factor, Wilson and Beach Boys fans have had to wait for over 40 years to see and hear the actual official release with the re-mastered and re-constructed version in 2011.  Indeed, Wilson released a version of what Smile would have sounded like if it ever was completed several years ago, diehard fans had the opportunity and taste of musical genius.  There appears to be much irony of the release and the controversy and the mystique that surrounded Smile.<br /><br />However, the delay was well worth it.  For music and especially, rock and roll music aficionados, this is indeed a treasure rather than a relic of American popular music and historic narrative.  Each and every track on the record has a distinct sound like no other.  Imagine if the album had actually come out after its monumental predecessor, Pet Sounds?  If one agrees with my overall evaluation of the album, Smile and Pet Sounds could have easily been a four- album set or at least Smile could have been a double album.  There is no doubt of Wilson's exceptional and diverse musical interests and influences that breathe throughout the entire record.  Every track is memorable and notable, \\"Heroes and Villians\\" all versions that has a Tin Pan Alley meets vaudevillian, cabaret-esque quality, the opening track \\"Our Prayer\\" shows the beauty of Wilson and the Beach Boys' impeccable characteristic trait, singing acappella and those unforgettable harmonies, and the extreme visual imagery that one can identify with the composers of the American Songbook.  Listeners will hear a glimpse of that distinct quality of Gershwin, Rodgers and Hammerstein, Copland, and also his contemporaries Goffin and King and Lennon and McCartney; and surprisingly, McCartney has a cameo on the track \\"Vega-Tables.\\"  Again, the thought of what ifs, Smile before Sgt. Pepper, the White Album, Abbey Road, or even anything by bands and artists that attempted to emulate that unique sound that possessed a bit of tongue-in-cheek and shuffle to its lyrics and melodies.<br /><br />The never-ending comparisons to Sgt. Pepper may arise while listening to Smile.  First and foremost, the musical mosaic assembled together and the musical progression from a play-like quality of innocence to rhythmic pattern to maturity.  And second, the rite of passage that concludes the record of \\"Good Vibrations\\" that shows Brian Wilson's manifest destiny and musical creativity like no other that had not been experimented before 1966.eo on the track \\"Vega-Tables.\\"  Again, the thought of what ifs, Smile before Sgt. Pepper, the White Album, Abbey Road, or even anything by bands and artists that attempted to emulate that unique sound that possessed a bit of tongue-in-cheek and shuffle to its lyrics and melodies.    The never-ending comparisons to Sgt. Pepper may arise while listening to Smile.  First and foremost, the musical mosaic assembled together and the musical progression from a play-like quality of innocence to rhythmic pattern to maturity.  And second, the rite of passage that concludes the record of \\"Good Vibrations\\" that shows Brian Wilson's manifest destiny and musical creativity like no other that had not been experimented before 1966.
B005IS565S|5.0|I am going to keep this short and sweet.  Normally bands start to slip the more albums they put out.  But this is clearly not the case with Five Finger Death Punch.  This album starts off very strong and continues to the end.  It is a must have.
B0052RE4MQ|4.0|Crossed was a great teen novel. It was a quick read, even for me, an eleven-year old. This book was quite good, as it includes both Cassia's and Ky's thoughts. As great as that is, it can also be very confusing. It was also annoying how they don't include an exerpt, as well as what happens to Eli is very unclear. Still, the rest of this book (and that is alot) is very good.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Love it. Addicted already and the best time killer I have on my phone. Sometimes lags but a task kill to free up ram does the trick. Lg Revo
B0051MKMNC|5.0|Well, after seeing the movie for myself, I had to comment. I'm sure you've been reading through some reviews and seen some pretty high marks, and some shockingly low marks as well. Well, having read those very same reviews myself, I'm here to comment on them and the amazing quality of the movie and not the PREVIEWS, NOT Fox's cntrol of the screen menue!  For those of you that find your user interface very important while watching the movie (such as being able to skip previews before the movie even begins) then you should avoid all of Fox's new DVD's and Blu-Rays for the rest of your life and stop whining about it.   For those of you who really want to see a great movie, see this movie. Don't let the bad reviews of a few people ruin it for the rest of you. Someone on Amazon and Netflix gave this movie a 1 star rating just because they couldn't handle being without a couple buttons on their remote long enough to watch the movie itself.   So, from someone who actually WATCHED the movie and SAW it all the way to the end (some of them didn't even give this movie a chance) WATCH IT for yourself, and give it a shot. I found it to be very engaging and of a higher caliber than most of the other movies that have come out within the last few years. I've literally just finished watching it, and I'm about to add this kid to the cart for my home movie library. No, it's not for everyone, but if you like fast paced plot, WELL DONE plot, based on a book sort of plot, then yes, you need to see this movie.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|I love the Harry Potter movie franchise and recently bought all the other films on Blu-Ray/DVD/digital download.  I like watching the high definition version of the film at home on my big TV with surround sound, my son likes to watch the movie in the car on the DVD player, and while travelling on the train I quite often load the digital copy onto my iPhone.  Why has Warner decided to release the digital version as Ultra-Violet/Flixster?<br />I first got scammed when I bought the Green Lantern combo and had to register with Ultra-Violet and then register with Flixster - Why??? - I paid my money so why can't I have a digital copy that I can play with my choice of software!  I am also wondering if as with Green Lantern the digital copy will not be made available in high def. on iTunes.  Although I don't download movies from the internet I have no sympathy for companies complaining about illegal downloads when they treat honest film fans so badly.<br />I suggest people buy the film as it is awesome but do nothing with the digital copy.  If enough people complain and rate the film 1 star somebody at Warner must soon start to pay attention.
B005L3HK36|5.0|I really understand the trouble here.  Most of the reviewers were anchored in the past and expected another heavy metal classic record by metallica.  Well... wake up John!  It's about music and new sounds!  Anyone calling Lou Reed in such a despective way is nothing else but a moron.  Reed changed music more than once.  Most of those \\"reviewer\\" are a bunch of arrogants that have no further point of view than: \\"I want more of the same\\".  This record is something else.  Hat off to Metallica for daring.  You as their fans do not deserve this if you can't understand what is going on here.  Some day this record will be appreciated in justice.
B005M2A4D4|3.0|I've been a fan of the Doctor going back to the days of Jon Pertwee and although he was fun and interesting in his first (half dozen) incarnations, it was pretty much a standard sci-fi tv show... monstor of the week, lots of action, lots of techno-babble conveniently cropping up to solve whatever problem the Doctor was facing.  Then Russell T. Davies revived it in 2005 and it was a whole new ball game. It became apparent very quickly that \\"making it all make some kind of unified sense\\" was one of the main focuses of the new series. If something got mentioned in one story/episode, you could bet it would be supported by subsequent episodes, making the Whoniverse seem more real, solid and believable.  Then Stephen Moffett took over and, while his first season at the helm (Season 5) was pretty delightful and had some lovely twists and turns in it, Season 6 is the first stumble that is really noticable. It has to do with the \\"season arc\\" (the main, continuing plot that drives every episode of the season.) For the first few seasons since the \\"reboot\\" in '05, those season arcs were kept simple... Bad Wolf, for example, in season's 1 and 2, or the missing planets scattered throughout season 4 paying out in the season finale.  But in Season 6.... huh?   It looks like Moffett wanted to start the season with a shocker (the Doctor dies!) but then couldn't figure out a way to resolve that without doing a bit of cheating. And although it might be a perfectly valid \\"resolution\\" in terms of a TV story, it wound up damaging the Whoniverse as a whole.  The premise was, the Doctor is going to die (for real, to the point of destroying his body so no more regenerations), making it look like the entire show would have to come to an end when we finally looped around to the other point of view on his death that we witness in the opening episode. We are told repeatedly his death at that time in that place is a 'fixed point in time'. Fair enough.  In fiction the audience can only know what is true and real based on what they are told in the course of the story. And since season 1 we have been told, over and over, that a \\"fixed point in time\\" can not be changed, no matter what anyone does, because it is rooted in the pure mechanics of the universe itself, not on anyone's perception of the event. It was the reason the Doctor couldn't save Rose's father, or change a number of other events he might have wanted to, because his attempts to change them would ultimately fail. The universe would not allow them to be changed.  So how does the Doctor's death get resolved? The Doctor \\"fools\\" the mechanics of the universe itself by faking his death? So, either \\"fixed points in time\\" really can be changed (in which case there are no limits to what the Doctor can do and good luck trying to build drama about fixed points in time going forward), or it wasn't a fixed point in time and everyone was just too stupid not to realize that. But then it had to be a fixed point in time because the premise of the entire final episode was that time itself was broken by the Doctor not dying. It had genuine, palpable universally mechanical effects. We saw that. So... the actual mechanics of the universe are stupid aqnd can be fooled?  The other thing that is a cheat is the introduction of the whole \\"the Doctor lies\\" concept. So now, after five seasons of having nothing else to depend on to determine what is true and what is not about any situation being only what the Doctor tells us, suddenly we can't depend on that either? Well, then now everything is up for grabs. We won't know if anything is true or not, because we get that truth from the Doctor and he's lying about it now?  It's a minor point, admittedly, but important in that such details have been one of the things that helped make the Whoniverse believable, stable and gave it much of its epic scope. It's why it's Doctor Who, because it had a higher standard and needs to be held to it or it becomes just another tv show, waiting its turn to jump that proverbial shark.  Now it seems that everything is up for grabs and that nothing is beyond the Doctor's abilities. It's rather tough to build tension and drama when your lead character is, in essense, God, and can lilterally do anything he wants.  Hopefully Moffett will stop throwing away such details in the future or making up some convenient techno-babble throw away dialogue to explain them away. That's the old Star Trek trick and it cheapens the universe in which \\"Blink\\" and \\"Turn Left\\" happened. It just weakens the whole concept and robs the show of the thing that made it so superior and special. And that would lose viewers. And that would get it cancelled. Again. And that would be sad.
0525423656|4.0|I fell in love with the book Matched as soon as I started to read it and I couldn't wait for the new book to come out to read. After reading Crossed I am not sure exactly which one I like more. Crossed in a very different, new, environment than Matched was. It is also narrated by not only Cassia but also, Ky. There is a lot answers in Crossed, but it also brings up a bunch of new questions. And at the end of the book it leaves me asking Who?!?<br /><br />In my opinion the 1st half of the book, is very exciting and an easy read. But as soon as the book reached the halfway point it kinda went into a stand still. Parts were confusing to me as to who was narrating and it just felt so much more slow. The last half has a lot of Ky focusing on parts of his past and it help with the storyline it's just not as exciting.<br /><br />The book ends with a little bit of a cliff hanger instantly making you want to know what happens next. So, there is definitely going to be another book, the only sad part is, probably have to wait a year before it comes out.<br /><br />If you liked the series Hunger Games, Forest of Hands and Teeth, Uglies or even Inside Out you will probably like this book. I think it is more closely related to Forest of Hands and Teeth and Uglies then Hunger Games but it does have some aspects of all those series in this book.
B004BLJQOK|4.0|This was a movie that I immediately purchased because I think it's a really good horror film, interesting characters and pretty gross too!
1423140591|5.0|It is a must have my son Joshua did not put it down until bedtime can not wait for the next book:)
B004SRWW0C|5.0|One of the top Android apps period. A MUST have for any rooted user.   Would've been better from the Android Market, but when on sale for $1.99 I couldn't resist.
B001TH7GT6|5.0|I didn't believe it will make such a difference. It gives much better quality picture and sound. It worth it.
B001N1DPDE|5.0|This knife is a BEAST! I frequently travel into the bush, and this knife has become my trusty camp-anion. Here's why: This knife is equal parts hammer, wedge, kitchen knife, skinner, and light use hatchet. Need to split a log? Use it as a 1/4' wedge and split away! Need to drive in a tent stake? The striking surface on the back(the part you are supposed to strike with a hammer when splitting wood) makes a decent hammer in it's own right. The finish leaves much to be desired. I removed the finish after my first trip out, noting the epoxy had chipped off in many places anyway, and seemed to me to increase friction when cutting. Other than that little modification, this knife has exceeded every expectation. The lack of a hand guard makes chopping food a snap. The blade is a bit thick for julienne, but chopping potatoes, peppers and onions is no problem whatsoever. All told, this knife is to blades what a german shepherd is to dogs. There are specialized tools that can do any one task better, but this knife can do it all very well.
B001HN6922|5.0|This is really great CD, it's better than the last Cars. It's worth the money to get this one. It's really great.
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|This movie made me laugh out loud a few times. Steve Carrell did a wonderful job with this picture, he's pitch perfect with deadpan comedy. Actually, I enjoyed all the actors in this film and I thought the plot was unpredictable and I love the twist at the end. I did not care for the ending so much..an eight grade graduation speech? Since when do they have those? When I advanced from 8th grade to 9th grade I got a certificate in the mail and a warning from my father that high school was going to be hell. Boy, was he right. Anyways, really good movie, Im glad I rented it and will probably buy it to add to my dvd collection.
B0041KKYBA|3.0|This movie is fairly comprehensive except when they interviewed Barney Frank. The film leaves out his and Christopher Dodd as well as Jimmy Carters part in the housing crisis. President Jimmy Carter sponsored the well-meaning Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) in 1977. It required banks and savings and loans to offer credit to \\"underserved populations\\" so they could obtain credit, including home ownership.In 1991, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act required lenders to report rejection rates by race. Lenders were informed that their loans would be examined for evidence of bias. Violators would face fines -- get this -- as high as $500,000. The Democratic Congress in 1992 passed the Federal Housing Enterprise Act, providing HUD the hammer to carry out Congressional intent to \\"meet the mortgage credit needs of all potential home buyers, including those with low and moderate incomes.\\"<br /><br />The 1992 act was the fuse that lit the largest housing blow-up the U.S. has ever seen, because one provision required that mortgage giants Fannie and Freddie \\"should accept down payments of 5 percent or less, ignore impaired credit if the blot was over one year old, and otherwise loosen (their) lending guidelines.\\"<br /><br />The Federal Reserve had a hand in creating the problem: \\"An influential 1992 report from the Boston Fed recommended: `Policies regarding applicants with no credit history or problem credit history should not be seen as a negative factor'\\". Food stamps and welfare checks were allowed to be counted as \\"income\\" on loan applications. Racial quotas and penalties were imposed on lenders with unfavorable \\"CRA ratings\\". \\"Banks that failed to make enough of these loans were often held hostage by activists when they sought some regulatory approval.\\" Next, President Bill Clinton re-wrote the CRA Act in 1994, using his HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros to \\"put it on steroids\\", and juice it into overdrive. It \\"required the banks to lend to people who were poor credit risks, in the name of `housing rights.'\\" This precipitated a huge surge in mortgage lending to unqualified buyers because Fannie Mae was under unrelenting pressure from Clinton's Administration \\"to expand mortgage loans among low and moderate income people.\\" The CRA was a club \\"used to force banks to subsidize poor communities with close to $1 trillion in high-risk loans...\\"<br /><br />If she didn't like the reports on who was getting loans and who wasn't, then Attorney General Janet Reno bullied the banks with quotas and faulty statistics to literally extort millions of dollars from banks by alleging racial discrimination if they didn't play along. This intimidated many banks to agree to pay cash settlements so they could avoid trials and negative publicity.<br /><br />It turned into a free-for-all of banks approving loans for people who clearly couldn't afford to repay them. By 1996, 42 percent of Fannie and Freddie's mortgage financing went to borrowers with below-median income. This target increased in 2000 to 50 percent, and was 52 percent by 2005.<br /><br />This series of political events, this flood of risky loans that were distributed around the globe by Congressional creatures Fannie and Freddie, was the root cause that inflated the credit bubble to the bursting point and brought our financial system near the brink of destruction. Dodd and Frank were the facilitators of a lot of this during Clinton's term and in my opinion deserve a large share of the blame. The Film ignores most of this and blames no one except the banks and of course G.W. Bush. This is a far left wet dream that exposes a lot of problems with the banking system. However the answer is not to go back to F.D.R. and the tax rates that kept our country from growing for so long and the over regulation that stifled business for years. The answer is to put the thieves in jail- not a country club prison but real jail and seize the money they stole from the people who trusted them to invest the retirement funds they would depend on. Ban lobbying by any financial institutions and keep congress from accepting jobs in any industry they regulated. Thieves should go to jail and corruption should be cleaned out and never allowed to infest our system again.cial institutions and keep congress from accepting jobs in any industry they regulated. Thieves should go to jail and corruption should be cleaned out and never allowed to infest our system again.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|My Teenagers are really into Zombie shows.  We loved watching this show last season and wanted to review it before the new season.  Liked it just as much the 2nd time around.  Suspensefull, scary at time but you just were on the edge of your seat.
B004J4WQ46|5.0|Really great album, all the songs are really catchy, really recommended it.....its also funny how everyone becomes certified music critics on amazon, writing an essay for a review
1451648537|2.0|Was looking forward to reading this book, but if feels like a rush to publication.  Walter Isaacson writes so well, but the language is disjointed and choppy; I can't get into it -- already looking for someone to \\"give\\" it to....
B000RD0RDU|4.0|My northbridge fan failed with a horrible screeching noise.  This works great. A real 3-pin would be better -- adapter works but you lose RPM sensing. Not a lot of choices at 10mm thick however.
0440246016|4.0|Love all these Jack Reacher books. This one was not my favorite but still an ok read. Jack Reacher was a little off in this book.  I did not like some of the references, such as he did not fly a certain airline because they put a prayer card on the trays. I am a Christian and I just did not like what that inferred as to the character.<br /><br />Will still continue to read Jack Reacher.  Look forward to his new adventure.  Hope they are a little better than this one.
B000024D4R|5.0|There are very few records (yeah I still like to call them records)released in the last 30 years that are note for note perfect for the entire album. You know the ones where you don't feel the need to skip past a song or part or a song. This is one of them and Wish You Were Here is another one. Not sure why this album doesn't get the recognition The Wall gets but honestly I pull this one out more than that one. This is just brilliantly written, played, and produced, a genuine classic that still sounds as good today as it did on my 8 track player in '77.
B005TQACLC|5.0|Sorry for my bad english, I'm from Germany and review this DVD because I was at the concert in Cologne, on October 18th.  It was the first concert in my life - and I will never forget it. Some songs are sung live. The other songs had a great show with good movements and fireworks effects.   My favorit song was definitely \\"I Wanna Go\\", because it has been through the whole crowd.  Every time again! Love it!
B004SKQAJI|5.0|I have Lord of the Dance from 1996, Feet of Flames and Celtic Tiger on DVD and they are great, but I never expected Flatley to come back to Lord of the Dance. The stage is amped up greatly and the dancers and costumes are also stepped up from the original show. You can tell Flatley is getting a little old for SOME of his dance moves, but he still hits his 35 taps a second and it is great. HE IS GREAT!
B005G4TJI4|5.0|Item was delivered quickly I got a great price, and item is in mint condition. It works flawlessly and everything is accounted for. Nothing appears missing and 0 damage. Great movie!
B0044XV3R8|5.0|One of the best movies of all times.  Great story, moving plot, excellent character development.  The computer capture concept is pure genius.
0307593312|2.0|Even with the first chapter I was off put with how clunky and just insanely poor the language was, I made excuses, but it kept grating on me. Nothing in this book is all that interesting. The writing such as it is, is repetitive and often gratuitous. There were times I found myself verbally chastising either the translator or the author for questionable writing. I enjoyed Murakami's Kafka on the Shore well enough. While not the greatest I have read it was competent and as this was qualified as his magnum opus I was excited to read it. It's not. What this is, I am not sure and honestly I can't bring myself to care. I just can't. Whoever was supposed to act as editor over this should be fired, what could have been a compelling story has been nearly crippled by clunky exposition and language that feels completely inorganic. Instead of trying to enjoy this, I simply took it as a cautionary warning; be concise and always questions whether the details you are giving serve a function. At $20, I really wish I could have just written that little lesson on a post-it note and walked away.
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I hated Start Trek the original series.  I wouldn't put William Shatner's Kirk in charge of a little red wagon.  I very much enjoyed this version of the story.  The development of the Spock character gives substance to the performance.  This version of Kirk is entertaining.
B004H1V5RU|4.0|You must be very careful to not drop the ball, it is easy for one of the passages to get bent and if that happens, well that pretty much ruins all the fun.
0545265355|5.0|This is one of my favorite book series.  I have read them before, but decided to purchase them when my book club planned to read them.  The books arrived quickly.  I highly recommend this series to readers of any age!
B0058VW36U|5.0|Honestly one of the best games. Highly addictive and thoroughly enjoyable. One of those games that you start and just can't stop.
B000U0O9FM|5.0|this book was worth the read and made me just love all the stupid things I ever did for no reason other than to feel like a snow flake. Marla is much more developed and raw in the book as well as Jacks struggle with him self and Tyler. buying it again just to have an electronic copy to sit next to the other loved books of my past.   worth the money because it is not just a rant it has a message.
0446547654|5.0|Nicholas Sparks is a great author. I have enjoyed all the books he has written. There is a message in each book that I feel relates to daily life and how we should look at the \\"big picture\\", not what's only in front of us. Mr. Sparks knows how to capture his audience, which keeps us waiting for the next great book he will present.
0393057240|4.0|it took a few chapters to fall into the groove of the dialect then it transports you to a gritty philosophical world of lost souls finding a way to live. worth the effort to understand.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Great app, excellent graphics, good soothing music, and challenging gameplay. What a good mobile game should be. I've played many like it, but this one is the only worth five stars.
B005GP7F8Y|3.0|...complete with poorly-rendered French main titles and consistently dull color.  This is now a public domain title, so getting a good VistaVision version will take some doing.  Only time will tell, but even a good print will probably require an expensive photochemical restoration to get a decent HD master.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|I have always been a Steve Jobs fan and Apple fan. This book was very insightful and well written. It shows both the good and the bad sides of Steve, is honest and open. I could not put it down. Very much worth reading.
1608191664|2.0|This book contains some interesting anecdotes, if you can keep your blood pressure down. I only made it half way through. The only way in which I could recommend this work is as an example of everything that's wrong with political and economic discourse. It's not actually a book on economics by any stretch of the imagination. It is an overtly political book, which sets up a straw man in the form of \\"free market economists\\" and proceeds, impotently, to attempt to knock it down. Here is a summary of my reasons for hating it:   - It argues against people, not ideas. For example, it argues that opposing protectionism is an invalid opinion because several illustrious American politicians were in favor of it. It then counters the perceived \\"counter-argument\\" that Jefferson was for free trade by stating that he was also against patents, which makes him inconsistent with other free market economists. No discussion of the actual merits of free trade seems to be present here.   - It throws around lots of statistics about prices, wage rates, per capita income, and so on very carelessly. No specification is ever even given as to whether the figures are real or nominal ones.   - The book assumes a great deal about the reader. For example, it seems to pander to an audience that desires secure jobs with as little variation in work responsibilities as possible. The book repeatedly characterizes changing jobs often, working part time, or working harder as bad, with no explanation as to why it makes these assumptions.   - Many arguments are not arguments at all, and are easily debunked via reductio ad absurdum. Of course the author seems to be attempting to weasel out of this trap by not presenting any concrete opinions of his own, only attacking others', but that doesn't really improve anything for me. For example, he claims outright that capital flow across borders causes instability and is bad for growth. If this is true, then where is the limit? Should each town have capital flowrestrictions to neighboring towns? Why are national boundaries the right lines of delineation?   - Many arguments seem circular. For instance, although lip service is payed to certain historical \\"collective actions\\" causing certain countries to become rich, this seems to become a circular argument when it is claimed that the rich only do these \\"collective actions\\" because of their existing circumstances. Or maybe the collective actions were something else, and the author was only referring to the productivity of the rich. I have no idea, and the author does nothing to help elucidate his points.   - The author is a big fan of China as an example of a heavily controlled economy experiencing great growth. He never addresses the obvious issues that: 1. Much of this growth is in \\"special economic zones\\" with more freedom than the rest of the country 2. Much of it is via foreign direct investment 3. The conventional wisdom is that China began to grow after liberalization under Deng Xiaoping.   - What finally stopped me was the author's quite un-nuanced use of the US as an example of the success of protectionism, while ignoring that the US itself was the largest economic union in history. Given its continual wars with European powers, the only other major economic powers of the time, the US had many security and other non-economic reasons for protectionism. This is ignored.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|after reading that my xoom came with quick office preinstalled, I was puzzled as to why it was nowhere to be found on my app list. it's there on the device, as a veiwer for office files that can only be launched by opening a file. this was not acceptable, nor was the $20 price tag of getting the full version. after much searching and reading of reviews, I decided price was the main issue for me. on other stores this app is also around $20 if I recall correctly, but at $5 it was a steal and an easy choice. this app also can access docs - it can save to and open files from docs, which makes moving files around pretty painless. this app is still a far cry from Ms office but it reads docx files fine and can create them as well.
B00003CXRM|5.0|This DVD was in awesome shape when it arrived.  It was purchased actually for my wife with a visa gift card I received for my birthday.  This is one of our favorite DVDs to watch over and over.  We even watch it whenever we see that it's on TV.  If you have never seen this movie you will enjoy it.
3836532441|5.0|this is a great book & a great history about the american pin-up ! another book published by the same company that is just as good if not better is \\" gil elvgren & all his glamorous american pin-ups \\" both books are hard cover with dust jackets & printed on a very good quality paper !
B005NPBTQ6|4.0|A solid mellow album through and through. I'm guessing Mandy mellowed him a bit, and this record is the result.
B004WE01YA|5.0|THIS FEATURE REALLY SHOWS OFF THE 3D EFFECTS,MOST OF THE CARTOON TYPE 3D VIEWING SHOWS THE 3D EFFECT THE MOST,THE TREND IS STARTING TO BECOME BETTER WITH REGULAR MOVIES.<br />THE NEW TRANSFORMERS:DARK SIDE OF THE MOON WAS A GOOD EXAMPLE OF,\\"HOW TO MAKE A CUSTOMER MAD!\\"<br />THE REASON BEING THE MOVIE WAS RELEASED IN 3D BUT THE BLU-RAY WAS NOT,BUT AFTER YOU OPEN THE PACKAGE(WHICH COSTS YOU RETURNING IT-SINCE IT IS NOW OPENNED) THAT THE 3D WILL BE RELEASED SOON.<br />WHAT EVEN IS THE ,\\"ICING ON THE CAKE,\\" A DISCOUNT COUPON IS INCLUDED FOR THE 3D RELEASE FOR A BIG $10.00.<br />SHOULD HAVE INCLUDED A COUPON FOR A FREE 3D RELEASE INSTEAD.<br />DISNEY STATED ON A BLU-RAY RELEASE THAT THEY WERE GOING TO BE THE 3D HEAD OF THE CROWD,BUT THEY ARE STILL SLOW ABOUT RELEASING 3D RELEASES.<br />THIS WOULD AND COULD BECOME A COLLECTOR'S ITEM SINCE IT IS THE FIRST RELEASE OF A 3D FEATURE COMING OUT OF DISNEY'S VIEWING VAULT.<br />I'M GLAD I PURCHASED IT FROM AMAZON NO ONE CAN COME CLOSE TO THEIR PRICES.<br />THIS FEATURE IS WORTH THE MONEY.
B004TI5N38|4.0|So, as all Lee Child readers can see, this book contains a main character and supporting one highly similar to a book we just read- The Affair.  Still, this is a good story, and I'm happy not to wait another year for a Reacher novel.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I'm typing this right now using this software. It's possibly the best keyboard for android there is, beating swype because you're using two fingers. That's what she said.
B0002HWO82|1.0|The toy is to Small and The body color is to dark. The same for the other two or three I order.
B003VCD58I|5.0|If you don't love this disk, you must not like MPB.  I predict great things for Maria Gadu, and this album is superb
B004SBQGHS|1.0|payed for it and then it would not download on my cruz....sucks to pay for games and not get to play them!!!!
B001U887ME|2.0|I was so excited about ordering a pair of these slipper/shoes for this year.  They arrived from Amazon quickly, as most things do.  However. The shoes were just too large scale for me.  I am a petite size 10/12 and wear size 9 shoes.  I loved how cozy they felt, but looked too big.
B004GUSG4M|5.0|Absolutely wonderful! Kept me reading almost 24/7 until I closed the last page (was really challenging considering working hours ;)).<br />Lucky you who didn't read it yet!
B004J1DBJI|5.0|This app is the only reason why I'm passing my advanced calculus class! While everyone else is sitting, confused, not knowing what to do. I'm doing my work and finishing before everyone else! :D
B0050SYS5A|4.0|This zoom thing did not work.  It interfered with kinects view.  Couldn't use it.  Works better without the zoom. It was a waste of money.
B001L5U15M|5.0|The Tamrac 5770 Velocity 10x Pro Sling back is exactly what I needed, stores main camera with telephoto lense and second camera. Storing the second camera adds weight and I don't really need to carry it but it's nice to know there is room. It's easy to put on and get into. Well padded,overall handy storage, allows custom arrangement, well made bag.Great for hiking to a special spot. Some adjustment needed on straps when hiking, readjustment when shooting photos. Price is competitive. Kathleen Muir
B003FVI2KQ|1.0|I ordered this on 11/4, received it on 11/10 - great price, and it is a great processor... however, I have not had a chance to install it, as when I opened up the box, the seal on the product was broken, and the CPU had smudges of thermal paste still on it from whomever had it before... immediate return to Amazon.com. If I'm paying for a new processor, I'd prefer it not be an open box or used... to put it nicely.  The processor itself is good, I've used them in builds in the past, but this is the first one I've bought through Amazon - never again.
B000VEA38E|1.0|I HAVE GOTTEN 2 COPIES NOW AND BOTH TIMES \\"RETURN OF THE JEDI\\" HAS 2 COPIES OF CD1.  CD 2 IS MISSING.
B00002DEGZ|5.0|Goethe said, \\"Mozart is the human incarnation of the divine force of creation.\\"  Mozart's piano concertos are, well, ah, I can't.. um.. there is nothing else like them. If you  really pay attention to the notes, the nuances, the expression of the possibility of sheer joy or near total devastation (Unlike the composers that came after him, Mozart never quite takes you all the way to total devastation, he was human, not a drama Queen, always a crack of light from the door to happiness).  Bilson plays these like no one else either.  Listen several times so you start to be able to anticipate what is coming, and he (Mozart) STILL surprises you with some little twist, some little wind of \\"divine force\\", you know it's coming and still it makes you literally cry, but always at least a hint of hope and joy.  To listen to all of this and pay the attention that it keeps drawing you into takes a lot of time.  If you have the time, do it, you will carry pieces of these works with you for the rest of your life.  If your time is short, there are many short cuts I could propose, here is one:<br />  The rondo for piano and orchestra in D K.382, (don't settle for any version except the one found in this collection, the others are slower than this and miss some of the happiness of the main orchestral theme)  This piece is beyond belief, what it can do to you. The upright, stilted sounding, \\"proper\\" opening into a sweet piano section, then back to the opening section, which now feels like a carnival of delight, the piano comes back and just about kills you, and then pulls you back to the opening theme of joy, but now nuanced and just nailed by the use of the piano, then the piano just takes you on some kind of journey where you feel lost, and then the piano just wraps you in its arms and you are taken to some incredible place of tearful happiness, it is amazing when that happens....  and the carnival returns and you leave the room smiling, even laughing, as you wipe the tears with theback of your wrist.<br />  If none of this has ever happened to you, then you have been idly chatting or reading while you listened to Mozart.  There are MANY pieces in this collection that take you places you have never been, or to places you have been but may have forgotten.  The next time you have some vacation time, take a week off and stay home and listen to this collection, listen a few times, find some favorite places in them, write them down.  Listen to those things a few more times and you will find you have taken a journey like none you have ever taken before, and you did it sitting in a chair, lying in bed, and dancing around the room, and with this collection in your possession, you can now go to those places anytime you want.  It is fantastic.
0767903862|5.0|I've read several Bryson books and this is one of the most entertaining. I found that his, at times, acerbic wit can drag at times, but not in this book.  Particularly enjoyed the back supplement of his writings during the Sydney Olympics.  I read his description of cricket on the radio to several friends, hilarious.  Also some wonderful insights into places to stop (and not stop!).  We added Palm Cove to our trip to Caines after I read about it and it was one our favorite memories of our vacation.
B005LZW9CG|5.0|This new release of this album sounds absolutely wonderful, coming as close to the album as I've ever heard from digital.  It sounds appreciably better than the old studio CD, especially on \\"I Cannot Believe It's True,\\" where the percussion and horns sound clear, but never bright, and never digitally harsh.  All in all, if you're a fan of this album, get it.
B000N3STBQ|5.0|Excellent 5.1 mix of this Album, only wish it was available in SACD format!  The production is flawless! I would strongly recommend this to anyone who owns a DTS Surround system!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|awesome app worked well  on incredible  2, hours of fun a b c f e f g h i j k
1451648537|5.0|An Amazing Story of the life of an Amazing Man! A Must Read!   A very interesting story of how Apple came to be, along with a very in depth analysis of Steve Job's life.  A Must Read!  Grab it, you won't be disappointed!
B000WGWQG8|5.0|~John Adams~ the HBO mini-series revolves around the person of John Adams, from his struggles as an American diplomat and statesmen. Adams first served in the Washington administration, and later was elected as his successor to the presidency. The tense feuds between Adams and Hamilton, and Hamilton and Jefferson illustrate how these men of different parties came to find common ground, and developed an intimate friendship in their twilight years.
B005QKYIZ2|5.0|Seldom artists these days present a full album that I can listen to from beginning to end in one sitting, and leave me wanting more. Florence + the Machine is one of those few. I absolutely fell in love with \\"Lungs\\" and while I was excited about her new one, I was not expecting something equal to the first one, but...well to put it lightly, Florence has captured lightning in a bottle TWICE! Ceremonials is a triumph from beginning to end. Each track is a melodic fantasia of sounds that manage to evoke so many different emotions. In this day and age, any form of art that allows you to escape is a most welcome event in life. How appropriate that the final track on the regular edition ( I highly recommend the deluxe edition though) is titled \\"Leave My Body\\" as that is pretty much what I felt happened while listening to this gem.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This is definitely Kelly Clarkson's best CD so far.  I absolutely love it!  I think this is the first CD that I have ever heard that I can say that I really like every song on it.  It is definitely a must have CD.  For all you Kelly Clarkson fans you will NOT be disappointed.
B0002VFXFE|5.0|as of 11-9-11 : Despite what the Amazon description states : it Apparently is NOT Prime eligible.. nor is it 'Fulfilled' By Amazon.( as the page Currently states ). I purchased a cpu cooler along w/ this.. and now have to wait quite a while to just get the thermal compound.. ( I would have picked a different one that was Prime Eligible.. if i knew that )<br /><br />My Rating is on the compound however.. I know its the best. that's why i ordered it :).. Thus review is on the product.. not the 'handling of shipment / website issues'
0446571415|5.0|Oliver Stone, AKA John Carr, is standing in Lafayette Park looking at the White House maybe for the last time. The President has asked Carr to use Triple Six skills on a dangerous covert mission. Oliver understands that this mission is his penance and he must do what he does best alone without his friends, The Camel Club. Then Hell breaks out in Hell's Corner. An explosion and gunfire erupts his reverie. An act of terrorism on both the President and the British P. M.?  Carr's mission quickly changes and now has a badge. He is once again working for the government. The condition is the same, President Brennon states. Carr's Penance, so Oliver Stone can live in peace at his caretaker cottage. NIA Director Weaver and his British counterpart, Carr's old friend, team him up with Mary Chapman, a MI-6 agent.<br /><br />The Camel Club members are furious that Oliver has shut them out and much to Oliver's chagrin inject themselves into the case. Also frustrating Carr and Chapman are their bosses and the alphabet agencies that throw up so many smoke and mirrors to screw up Carr's case and success. Combined with the fact that the bad guys are always one or two steps ahead of them, Carr and Chapman must rely on themselves and the Camel Club to stay alive as the hopefully solve the case.<br /><br />Baldacci fills the pages with high suspense as Oliver and company try to figure out what has happened in Hell's Corner within sight of the White House. This mission has to be fair winds and smooth sailing for Oliver - John Carr needs to finally die, so Oliver Stone can live in peace. Oh I hope not...I love Stone and the Camel Club!
1451627289|5.0|WOW! I finished this book in a day and half. I am not a huge King fan. I enjoyed \\"The Stand\\" and \\"Under the Dome\\", but dislike the horrorish novels that he writes.  This is well worth the $$, While I hate to see the e-editions getting so pricey, this just makes me more careful on what to spend my hard earned dollars. THis makes the cut!  Please, Please, write another like this!
0446547654|5.0|If you love any other novel by Nicholas Sparks you'll love this one as well.  Easy read.  You'll fly through the pages!!
B000FP2IXC|5.0|I was surprised to see that it was a 2 cd set. That was great, also the fact that Francis coppola gave a scene by scene analysis. Had absolutely no problems with the transaction, price was good, and shipped promptly. Thanks
0316044695|5.0|I absolutely loved this book blah blah balh blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blag a a a a a a a a a a a a
B004GHBQPG|5.0|This albun was Johnny's next to last album. He (Johnny) bel  ts out booming ballads, to songs just above a whisper.  As producer Rick Rubin the producer, could tell Johnny's good days, and better days when his voice was above a whisper!  Still a wonderful masterpiece ofwork, for \\"The Man In Black\\"
B005O64VH8|5.0|I am fortunate to have this music as a result of a gift card from my husband (my birthday was yesterday). \\"Winter Poem\\" by Secret Garden contains themes of happiness and victory in the musical tracks.  For example, \\"The Dream\\" (feat Moya Brennan) is a gorgeous musical story about going after your dreams regardless of how events may transpire.  \\"Make A Wish\\" contains tranquil melodies and invokes a sense of relaxation and serenity. \\"Fionnuala's Cookie Jar\\" is an uplifting  musical creation that contains a clever mix of celtic and new age melodies.  The timing of the drums in \\"Fionnuala's Cookie Jar\\" adds even more of a fun rhythmic tone to the song.  My overall favorite musical tune would have to be \\"Powered by Nature\\" (feat. Espen Grjotheim & Tracey Campbell).  \\"Powered by Nature\\" is a powerful music mini-story that is about someone whose inner spirit is charged by the many beautiful creations of the outdoors.  \\"Winter Poem\\" by Secret Garden is great for music lovers that listen to a variety of musical genres and/or those who are open to listening to new age music.
B005K0HDGE|5.0|For those of you that are like me and LOVE the books he writes that are not of the horror genre you are in for a treat.  I think this book is the best one he has written.  It is along the lines of The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon in that it pulls you in on the first page and does not let you go.  Bravo Mr. King.  Keep this style of writing coming.
1594744769|5.0|Well here's another book my grand daughter asked for, for Christmas and again, I read everything before I give it to her now days.<br /><br />This was a most strange and wonderful read.<br /><br />Not quite on the level of Harry Potter but a most creative read and had a flavor of our heritage which is English, Welsh and Scotch.<br /><br />The writing is good, character development good and storyline was inventive.<br /><br />This book opens a child's mind up to the possibilities of different dimensions, portals, vortexes and different time lines (quantum physics).<br /><br />I found this book a nice read.<br /><br />My grand daughter really wants this book and I think she'll be pleased.<br /><br />One additional note: The pictures in the book are quite interesting...........they add to the story.<br /><br />This isn't a Barb and Ken book, this is a book for someone that wants to encourage a young adult to think a little differently, a little edgy - outside the box.<br /><br />It's a very peculiar book...............I was carried away to the misty, foggy moors of Scotland where some of my ancestor's came from.<br /><br />A nice book to curl up with on a rainy, cold, windy, dark day with a cup of hot cocoa or tea.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|My favorite and best weather app out there. Gives me everything of ever want for weather and much more. The way it's presented, including the hourly clock, and graphical week is just awesome! Dx
B004SGWYVA|4.0|Zombie.  What is the first image that comes to mind when you say the word?  I'll bet that Fanservice isn't a word that comes to mind.  Yes, this anime has a lot of fanservice but besides that this is actually a good anime....and the best part?  It has no filler episodes!  The only bad thing about this anime is that it's far too short, but has an excellent pace and decent action...as well as comedy thrown in here and there.<br />  It's paint-by-the-numbers as far as the plot goes:  A zombie shows up and bites someone and suddenly there's a whole horde of Zombies that wants nothing but to eat the flesh of the living. The survivors band together to fight off the zombies with various weapons....the plot is not that original besides the fact that this takes place at a school instead of a mall.  These zombies are called  \\"Them\\" by the characters of the show.  Besides the fanservice, there's a lot of swearing and the \\"F Bomb\\" is used fairly often.  I had a blast watching this and I hope this gets a season 2.
0553801503|1.0|I loved the first 3 books very much, but  this one was total disappointment. And not only because it has slow moving and a long pages of unnecessary and boring  details of food, clothes, mutilation, etc.  The major problem as I see it is the sexism and not in this book but in entire series. However if this book will have another development of characters and their fate it could be avoided. But it was not.   I do not see that anyone paid attention to the problem that all women character who was independent and active had been written as ugly or evil or unfit to rule and have the hard experience.  Cersei who wanted rule and think for her self is beautiful but evil and in the end near to madness.   Arya is ugly, had experienced a lot of traumatic situation and end up blind.  Briene who is warrior like popular character Xena had been described as ugly and each new situation add something to this ugliness- crashed teeth, ruined  face, etc.  Dany had experienced a lot of treason and all her effort to do something good turned out as evil as well.  In the contrary Sansa who is obedient  to her lords and masters  pictures as beautiful and suffer much less than her independent sister.  It's looks like Martin would like to point out that to be safe and beautiful women should be obedient, and do as they had been told.  In the same tine men in the series do not have the same gradation in their ugliness or fate depending from their independence.   I do not think that I'll be reading next books of this series or other books of this author.
B0052VUNHC|3.0|I finished this book really quickly, was hooked early on. In a kind of fascinating - this relationship is bad on so many levels. This is full of teenage angst, misunderstandings, immatureness. All that said - I enjoyed it but would have been horrified if my 18 year old dated the guy in this book - I feel the relationship could have slipped into abusive at a moments notice and was always hovering on that line. You should know when they end up together about halfway through the book that something else is going to happen so the last half is the brutal emotion of a relationship taking a wrong turn and the fall out from that.  There is a HEA but I felt it happened too quickly and neatly (especially given the volatile nature of the relationship).   I would likely read more from this author as the emotional part of the book was well done - again very raw.
0446547654|2.0|I love Nick Sparks's books, but after reading all of them, I find the enjoyment is waning. Yes, all are centered around a North Caroling beachfront. Yes, all have someone dying at the end.  Lately it seems as if those dying are one of the core characters (IE either the man or woman who love each other so much the world spins off it's orbit for them) of the story.  Sorry, but if it's the person I'm gonna root for from page one, I don't want to see him or her bite it at the end. At least, not every time. It's getting predictable. This time, I read the first chapter and, recognizing his formula very well by now, skipped to the end to see who to stop caring about. Yes, I did go back and read the whole book, but the transplant was obvious.  However, if I had been Amanda, I'd have left that drunken good-for-nothing long ago.  Nick, take another week with your brother and come up with something new.
0071762345|4.0|I finished Dave Kerpen's new book, Likeable Social Media, a few weeks back and thought it was great. The book is about how businesses can create social media campaigns that are more `likeable' (as in, the Facebook `like' button). The book is geared towards people who are familiar with social media tools but haven't yet run serious social media campaigns, though I would argue it would also serve as a great refresher for people who have been working in social media for awhile. This was one of those books where I took pages of notes to reference later. Kerpen ends each of the 18 chapters with a summary of the key points in that chapter, as well as a list of action items. If you were to copy down all the action items (as I did) and work through them, I think you'd be well on your way to crafting a social media strategy.   The one thing holding me back from five stars is the structure of the book. In my opinion, the book breaks down into three main ideas (why social media is a great tool for making your business likeable, best practices for using social media to be likable, and things to watch out for along the way) but the chapters jump around between these ideas in a way that I found a little muddled.  If you're interested in getting started with social media, this book is for you. It is chalk full of case studies, insights, and tools. If you're on the fence, follow Dave Kerpen on Twitter (@DaveKerpen), and subscribe to Likeable Media's blog - you'll see that Likeable Media practices what they preach in the sense that they're constantly giving out valuable information related to new developments in the social media space. Once you read a few blog posts, you'll realize you want the whole book.
0446547603|5.0|Many readers of Nicholas Sparks' books are repeat readers, that is if they read one of his books they usually come back for more. This is the case with me so when I saw a new release of his on the shelf I had to get it. Like most of his books that I have read I was not disappointed.   The story takes place in North Carolina, a setting used in almost all of Nicholas Sparks' books, but for some reason it is not repetitive. I never get tired of Sparks' description of the ocean or the sand dunes near the shore. On the other hand there are things that become repetitive about Sparks novels for example the characters and the story line. The majority of the time the story involves a man and a woman who have to overcome some obstacle before they fall in love. Although this is the case in \\"Safe Haven\\" it was a breath of fresh air for a repeat reader like me because this book, unlike most of his others, has suspense and a darker side rather than the typical love story.   The heroine, Katie, moves to Southport, North Carolina where she meets Alex and his two children who have recently lost their wife and mother. The suspense lies in Katie's dark past which no one knows about but in a small town secrets are impossible to keep. Katie does not feel an immediate attraction for Alex but as he tries to unravel the secrets of her past and as she grows closer to his children a relationship forms. To me this novel was almost a cross between Nicholas Sparks and James Patterson, and I loved it! For fear of spoiling a good page-turner I will say no more.
B002ZG98UK|4.0|This is the only 3D resident evil movie so far, and the 3D is awesome.  Everything feels nature and when things pop out I go wooah!  I usually don't like 3D movies but I enjoy watching this movie in 3D.  The 2D version is great too. For some reason I feel like the 2D version is sharper than the 3D one, and there is more detail in the colors. I use a PS3 to play this btw.  Now the movie itself.  Solid everything except the acting and story. WEll, there isn't much acting in any of the Resident Evil movies anyways, but the plot is really why I only give it 4 stars. Without the 3D I'll only give this movie a 3-star rating.  I enjoy the first two Resident Evil games and the first two movies, but I do not like where the story is going the the third and forth (this) movie.  Overall: if you enjoy 3D, Blu-ray, or action, this is a great movie. Only drawback is the bad acting and plot.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|Max Brooks has created THE keystone work that all other recent Z fiction writers need to be compared to. This history is not only well written and comprehensive, it is also 'realistic' to the point that the solutions make logical sense! This is and will remain a key piece of zombie fiction for generations. Max has done a simply superior job with this work.<br /><br />I honestly don't have anything negative to say about this work. Sure, it's not supremely detailed when it comes to character development, however the reader needs to remember that this is a 'history' and not a 'novel'.<br /><br />Read it - you won't be sorry!
B004SEUJYG|3.0|Generally I like war movies, but not this one.  The good:  Acting is top notch.  Cinematography is flawless.  Blu-ray is great.  Sound is awesome.  The bad:  The beginning half is good but this movie is too long for me.  I fell asleep two hours into the movies, yes this movie is looong.  The only other movies I have fallen asleep are Harry Potter movies, and I like long movies such as Lord of the Ring extended editions.  Overall: great movie if you can stand the length and the boring plot, I can't.
B004JN1D2I|4.0|I ordered the kindle edition of the first four books as I wanted to re-read them all before popping for the latest one. I have read the reviews of Dance with Dragons and am conflicted as to whether or not I will pursue this series to the end.<br /><br />Here's what I love about the kindle edition of these books:<br /><br />- Table of contents that works well, you can jump to any book to read/re-read as you like.<br />- Having all the books on that kindle makes reference and taking along so simple!<br />- Game of Thrones is just so very good - there's nothing recent to compare! The old 'masters' are just that, this is fresh and gritty - the character development is incredible.<br /><br />I feel, as do many others apparently, that Mr. Martin has let this series go on too long - the development becomes weaker as the pages go by (many, many, many pages) and it feels like at the end of A Feast For Crows there is a finale in the offing. Once we find out that the LONG wait for Dance with Dragons is NOT the end it was supposed to be, we are disappointed - most certainly due to the supposed weakness of the writing in that tome (I have not read it yet)<br /><br />Bottom line - A fantastic series - you don't need to worry about enjoying these books - get them, get the kindle deal, it's worth it!<br /><br />UPDATE - Finished Dance With Dragons<br />I did end up buying the latest version after re-reading the rest. Glad I did. I feel this series needs to be read as 'one' to fully appreciate the storyline and character development.
B005KDWUFA|5.0|I first must say I have been a fan of Il Divo for over seven years and they keep getting better each new Album.<br /><br />This album showcases there truly outstanding talent, no one comes even close.<br /><br />The songs selection are truly outstanding. It features Crying , Falling Slowy a great song , Come what May, and well as seven other great songs.<br /><br />The lush powerfull sound of this CD clearly has taken time to produce and all I can say is thank you for taking<br /><br />your time, Carlos, David, Seb, and Urs to create a  modern day master piece. Great albums come along rarely and this is one of them.<br /><br />If you at all enjoy Pop opera you must purchase this CD.
B004VOBIE8|1.0|Used it on my Motorola XOOM 3.2, and was able to access my internal SDCard and my External sdcard (External1). I was not able to tolerate the animated ads, though...... so.
0446573019|5.0|All of you who are whining that this story was a rip-off of Jack Reacher, so what?  Who made you the plagarism police?  If Baldacci ripped off the story line and lead protagonist from Lee Child then that is for their lawyers to figure out.  As far as I know we are asked to read the book and judge it's entertainment value.  Perhaps, after reading these reviews, a potential shopper will choose another book, especially if he or she is not a Jack Reacher fan.  So be it.  I love every Jack Reacher book ever written.  This, being similar, was excellent too.  It had all the things I look for in an entertaining who-done-it with a special ops/military hero leading the investigation.  If you want to \\"punish\\" the author for \\"stealing\\" a similar plot and creating a similar hero. Go ahead.  If you want a great read you can't put down, (get it? put down) then read this book.
B000002JS6|5.0|This was the first album featuring Brian Johnson after the untimely death of Bon Scott, the original singer and co-founder. This sounds far more solid that anything with Scott. The sound is tighter and fuller, and the songs seem more enjoyable and free of the dirty joke garge band sound from their early days. Even thought Angus was never known as guitar hero along side of Jimmy Page and Jeff Beck, his solos show a little bit of maturity. Basically, of course ACDC didn't abandon the sound that made them famous just polished it and made their new singer welcome. The songs sound tight, well-rehearsed, thought out and satisfying. At the time of it's release this sounded like an album that would stand the test of time and time has proven it's point. Every song rocks and Brian Johnson's personality shines through over a seemingly never-ending cycle of riffs. This is to say that ACDC still sound like ACDC only somehow better and refreshed  You can probabaly even recognize the chords they are usning. ACDC of course, never tried to be fancy or anything just straight ahead and it works.
B000Z66RSS|5.0|In good shape works well.  1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
0790729725|5.0|Based on the story of mobster Henry Hill, Goodfellas is a fun ride from start to finish. A great soundtrack of oldies supplies the background for this tragic-comic tale of violence, sex and romance. From his early days as an errand boy at cab stand to his part in airport heists and cocaine trafficking, this story is told with humor and style. Ray Liotta, Joe Pesci, Paul Sorvino and Robert De Niro are great as are future Soprano regulars Michael Imperioli and Lorraine Bracco. This is a must for all fans of mob movies. De Niro and Pesci are in top form throughout.
0439023521|4.0|While it was still an amazing book, if you are just considering this book because you heard how great it was, don't expect to be mind blown.<br /><br />I enjoyed the premise. I liked how the world was portrayed. I liked Katniss and her relationships with everyone. I liked the idea of the Hunger Games. I just expected more out of The Games themself. I didn't expect her to be hiding so much. I wanted more fight, more action. This book had all the potential in the world to be full of action and suspense and it fell short for me.<br /><br />That was the only real problem I had with the book. The premise and plot was still interesting and fast-paced enough to keep me reading well into the night.<br /><br />Overall, it was well-written and nicely developed. I still think it's a good book and I'll definitely finish the series, it was just different than what I expected.<br /><br />Also, those of you who are considering this book for Kindle, the text is really big. It wasn't a problem - and I actually much preferred it that way - but the large text isn't compatible with Kindle for iPod and will just show up as a black screen. If you mostly read on your actual Kindle then it shouldn't be a problem for you, but if you primarily read from the Kindle app on your iPhone or iPod touch then you will have to switch back to your Kindle to read it.
B0049P1VHS|5.0|Anyone who loves George Romero zombie movies will love this series.  However, even if you are not a big fan of zombie movies, you will like this series.  Some zombie movies make it all about the battle with lots of fighting, gore and not much else.  The really good zombie movies make it about the people and how they deal with the struggle.  This show is about the people; the camaraderie.  But it also includes plenty of action and suspense.
B0015AARJI|5.0|My husband already has one of these that came with his system, but I got him this as a second for when the first dies or playing 2 player games. I was a little surprised to see that it doesn't come with the cord, but that's the way it is sold in stores, too, so I guess they will have to charge separately. I don't foresee this being a huge problem, and better than buying an additional cord that won't be used often. These stay charged really well and charge relatively quickly. I ordered the black to match the other controller my husband has, as well as his system. The packaging for the controller looks great and has never been opened, and I received this very quickly after ordering it (I live in Hawaii, so quick shipping is ALWAYS a plus). 5 stars all around!
B000H5TVJY|5.0|I love this film, It's one of those I watch over and over again. I find myself still laughing at some scenes.
B005O30Y5Y|1.0|The movie was AAA+ until Harry rolled out of Hagrid's arms at Hogwarts.  From there the writer and director so far deviated from JKR's story, that it really made the movie a Hoover.  The intensity in the book when Harry reveals himself to Tom Riddle was totally absent in the movie.  and he did not go to the headmasters office  which would have been excellent.<br />The epilog was great, but the final fight at Hogwarts was the biggest disappointment ever.
B000001ESF|5.0|This recording benefitted quite a bit from remastering. Assuming you enjoy this release, I would definitely recommend spending the money to buy it again.   It is a very early recording and whoever remastered it did a fine job. The bass drum/guitar presence is much \\"meatier\\" and still has great balance.    Go ahead and buy again! You'll be delighted and it will sound new all over again!
B000NTPDSW|5.0|Not being a fan of gangster type movies, I had never bothered to watch this till recently but it grabs you in the first minute and keeps you watching avidly for 3 hours. Absolutely superb acting, music and the 'art' of certain scenes such as Don Corleone's death while chasing his grandson round the orchard, the child innocently 'shooting' him with a watering device. Everyone should watch this
B005ZR2D0I|5.0|I have been purchasing all the latest Mozart Piano Concerti recordings from \\"star\\" pianists that do not necessarily are Mozart specialists and I just love this one CD from Helene Grimaud. And I just love the way she speaks American English with her lovely French accent ([...]).
B0041KKYBA|1.0|It was the GOVERNMENT, not the deregulation! This is a typical Michael Moore type of film, with a very Democratics point of view. And it is plain wrong. It does bring up very interesting facts but it stops there, the story is half told.
B004NSULHM|1.0|Count me in the group of those &#34;who don't get it&#34; if you want, but I can't think of anything redeeming about the album.  The songs all feel like they are going nowhere and are painful to listen to all the way through.  I tried the whole album several times, and it just wasn't for me.  Here's to hoping that they'll start playing actual music again someday!  Update (5/22/13): Yup, still awful. Update (5/8/14): Still terrible. Update (3/13/16): You guessed it, still awful after all these years.
B000002JOH|5.0|Here's the thing. Vulgar is one of the greatest metal albums of all time. Granted it's a subjective thing, but to dismiss Pantera is a horrible mistake.  From beginning to end, it's damn near unstoppable. Now, we all know how awesome this album is, so rather than go on and on about how bad ass \\"By Demons Be Driven\\" or \\"F'n Hostile\\" is, I'm going to take a moment to address the new kids who dont know Pantera and are looking here for Metal wisdom. Future Metal Heads, here's some Pantera/Metal facts:  Metal Fact: Do not pay attention to ANY negative reviews of this album. If they say this album is bad, they're wrong. You can not like this album. That's okay, you just dont like Metal is all. No harm in that. You are either born with Metal in your blood or you aren't. You cannot learn Metal, it's there or it isnt. It's a DNA thing.  Metal Fact: Saying things like \\"Pantera sucks\\" gets you banned from Valhalla (AKA Metal Heaven) and the Metal Gods would rather accept Hanson into their ranks than a Pantera Hater. These sad excuses for Metal fans say things like \\"Dimebag Darrel was an average guitarist at best\\" which if you were ever at a Pantera concert, you'd shoot yourself for blaspheming. And then, instead of hanging out with Ronnie James Dio, you get stuck hanging with Lawrence Welk, who's nice, but not Metal.  Metal Fact: Also Kids, did you know there's a Metal Test? See, it's super easy to be Metal. Bang head, play loud, drive fast, dont give a f***. Ta da! You're 80% of the way! Unfortunatly there are what we call \\"posers\\" always trying to tear metal down with their lies. Some Posers are so deeply programmed by the Man that they don't even know they are a poser, Cylon/Replicant style! Don't worry though. Luckily, spotting posers is SUPER EASY. If you hear someone say anything remotely like the statements below, they are a poser:  a) Black Sabbath sucks  b) Dio is lame  c) Judas Preist chokes  d) Metallica sucked until the Black album  e) Faith No More ihas never written a metal song and/or swallows  f) Iron Maiden eats dick  g) Pantera blows  You get the idea. These are all completely nonsensical statements. If you argue any of these points as fact or reasonable conclusions, then you have failed the Metal test. I dont care how many Slayer albums you have, YOU ARE NOT METAL!  Metal Fact: People died at Pantera shows. At least they did in Minneapolis where I grew up. Look it up. I'm not saying it's a good thing by any means, but that's definitely Metal.   See kids, back in 1994, Pantera was IT. They were what Metal needed to be at the time. Fast as Hell, heavy as Mars, loud as the Big Bang and drenched in booze and smoke. They picked up where Metallica let us down. They were the right band for the right time and forever changed Metal. So what if they are responsible for any transgressions Nu-Metal has inflicted upon us. Not Pantera's fault. They were what they were and anyone who wants to label them as sellouts or wannabe's or talentless... YOU WERE NOT THERE. And you're not Metal. Fact.  Just listening to Vulgar does not make you Metal though. You still have to listen to AND accept as masterpieces the following:  ...And Justice For All/Master of Puppets by Metallica  Chaos A.D. by Sepultura  Paranoid by Black Sabbath  Screaming For Vengence/British Steel by Judas Preist  Rust in Peace by Megadeth  Iron Maiden by Iron Maiden  Holy Diver by Dio  AND I AINT DOING THE WHOLE FRIGGEN LIST! That'd be cheating. Start there and you'll figure it out. (Bonus Metal points to fans of Meatloaf and Faith No more though)  This album is true awesome Metal. Enjoy.  P.S. I'm not joking about the Metal test being a real thing. It's just as real as gravity or oxygen but just as easy to miss. If you doubt it's existance, your future with Metal is questionable. And for any of you posers out there, I didnt make the test, I just passed it.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I picked this up as a lightning deal a while back, and couldn't be happier.  Good quality, and has more than enough room.  Currently have a Nikon D3100 w/ 18-55mm lens, 55-200mm lens, 2 sets of filters, my old point and shoot camera and 2 chargers in there with room to spare.  Lots of extra space in the zip up compartments too.  I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for a bag and not wanting to spend a lot on it.
0786868724|5.0|Hope is indeed a very vital tool in every battle through life. In my book, \\"The Third Colour,\\" unceasing hope also plays a major role in the journey of the characters. Another outstanding story by Mitch Albom, one of my favourite authors.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I was first attracted to this book because of it's cover. It called to me and it made me curious. When I read the synopsis I had to read it. I don't know why. There was something about the plot that genuinely captured my attention.<br />In this book, Travis Maddox is your regular bad boy, screw-every-girl-in-my-line-of-vision, street boxer type, so naturally I wasn't fond of him to begin with. Abby is your good runaway girl. She's doesn't swear and doesn't drink. She's also trying to get away from her dark past.<br />When this unlikely pair meet at one of Travis's famous fights everyone is surprised at their quickly growing friendship. And not only that but the fact that Travis \\"Mad Dog\\" Maddox hasn't tried getting her into bed getting some serious head turns. Travis and Abby make a bet where if she loses she has to stay at his apartment for a whole month and if he loses then he has to clean up his act. Sadly, she loses and the fun really begins when Abby is forced to stay in Travis's apartment. As time passes, Travis realizes that Abby just may be the one for him, the problem is she just doesn't want him. How is it that the only girl that Travis wants seriously won't have him?<br />I'm not even sure why I liked Travis, but I did. He's obsessive, self-destructing, and a bit imposing. Yet, there was something inexplicably good about him. Sure, he was a complete jackass a lot of the times but when it really got down to it he was good and cared about Abby. He changed his ways for her and simply loved her.<br />Abby on the other hand, infuriated me a bit because I felt like she was just set on making Travis's life harder. She knew perfectly well that he was crazy about her and she went about making more complicated on him. Yes, she had her own monsters to fight but, in my opinion, she shouldn't have made a decision for him concerning each other and her little \\"problem\\".<br />I can promise you that this book didn't let me down. I loved it! It actually went above my expectations, which is saying a lot since they were already pretty high. The book was amazing and I loved how McGuire made those intense scenes work.saying a lot since they were already pretty high. The book was amazing and I loved how McGuire made those intense scenes work.
076790592X|5.0|I read the book few years ago and I was indeed moved by the sincerity of the story and how the principal character changed my perception about life and death was indeed remarkable. I watched the film few weeks ago and I felt the same and I shed some tears, both for the book and the film.
0783232039|5.0|People put too much thought into movies. This movie was supposed to be funny and a in no way do I believe that when they considered this Horror that truly what they meant. I think because it was Chucky it was only appropriate. But this movie is awesome Gohic comedy to the max!
B000HCO83Q|1.0|I really like the first two X-Men movies, but with this one, lets just say... WHAT THE HECK HAPPENED??? The plot is stupid, the mutations go from just believable to down right ridiculous, and all the actors look really bored and tired of playing their roles. The dialog is terrible, and the whole movie is plagued by a non-stop onslaught on painful one-liners. The death of Professor X was completely pointless, and while the whole Jean Grey/Phoenix thing, while an interesting motive, is handled completely wrong. Probably the most cool character, Mystique, gets her mutation ripped, and it's really pointless and cheap. Also I really hate the character Hank McCoy (aka Beast). Another complaint is all the pointless and stupid shots of the winged mutant \\"soaring triumphantly\\" through the skies (if you've seen the film you know what I'm talking about). X-Men The Last Stand is really stupid and NOT worth your time. Watch the first two X-Men movies, but please stay away from this reeking disaster.
B000DZIGE4|4.0|This movie is pretty good.  It has action, comedy, and some drama.  I enjoyed watching it and I am glad that I purchased it.
B001PPLIEG|5.0|Quantum of Solace is a GREAT James Bond film! It's my personal favorite movie in the 007 franchise. Daniel Craig is amazing as Bond, all the other performances are really fantastic as well. The film works great as an action spectacle too, the fight and chase sequences are some of the best in the whole series. I think this is a brilliant follow up to the previous installment in the series, Casino Royal, but it also really stands on it's own. The DVD is really good, it has great special features and other good stuff. Quantum of Solace is a fun, well acted and underrated James Bond movie that is definitely worth your time, and is a staple to any good DVD collection.   5 out of 5
B002AGIEYG|5.0|I ask people why they feel that conductors need to insert themselves into scores as timeless and brilliant as the 4 Brahms Symphonies? I find these Brahms recordings to be charming, natural, and without either silly or dramatic affectations. Like a character actor, Rattle becomes Brahms. The Berlin Philharmonic for their part allow their conductor to guide the music through well charted seas. Brahms cannot shock us any more, but can reward us in skilled hands. From the first passages, Simon Rattle disappears into these scores, and like any good actor/conductor, we see not Rattle, but Brahms. The idea here in music is not to reinvent the wheel, but for it to roll as smoothly as possible. These recordings are smooth, but not without their own revealed tension and precision. Having listened first to this conductors remarks on the Brahms symphonies, it greatly increases my appreciation for what he has done here as well as Brahms in general. Simon Rattle is often hit and miss for my tastes, but he hits more than he misses and he is both original and authentic to a degree that his efforts will always give me reason to give his work a listen. I can say that this recording of the Brahms symphonies is a 5 star hit. And in addition for a historical perspective, Karajan, for all his successes, Brahms was far from my favorite and this series by far surpasses Karajan. With the Karajan series, I was always hearing Karajan conduct a Brahms score. With Rattle, I am listening to the score reveal a beautiful Brahms symphony. The illusion being complete, the players and the conductor no longer matter. I think that this is a key to truly rewarding Brahms recordings and perhaps the highest compliment that can be payed to Simon Rattle and the Berlin Philharmonic in these still relatively recently released recordings. Bravo!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|you know how on most cd's there is 2-3singles that make it on the radio and maybe an additional 1-2 that you love...well this cd does not disappoint! the whole CD is amazing, especially compared to her last CD!
B004UUKDNA|5.0|Are there better dance-oriented alt-rock albums out there?  Perhaps.  But wow these guys knocked it out of the park on their first release.  I normally like music that's a bit heavier or which which has a decent amount of guitar (CAKE, Portugal. The Man, Primus, Flogging Molly, Jane's Addiction).  I'm not so much into dance/techno music.  So I sort of surprised myself when I bought this disk.  I'm not really sure what I was thinking (maybe I had just heard Pumped Up Kicks on the radio).  But I had some Amazon credit and then Amazon had it on a killer one day sale it cost me next to nothing so I took a chance.  Fortunately, those stars lined up and I got one of the best releases of 2011.  I won't go through a song-by-song review because I haven't listened to the album enough to be familiar with all of the songs.  However, this album is clearly influenced by dance/techno with a lot of keyboards and catchy grooves and beats.  But it still has an alt-rock feeling to it (despite the lack of any obvious guitar presence).  There is a song or two that sound like slightly warmed over versions of Disney Radio garbage.  But there are some real gems (Helena Beat, Pumped Up Kicks, and especially Houdini immediately come to mind).  The album is still growing on me so I'm looking forward to enjoying it more.
B004W4N55C|5.0|This app is even easier to use than the online version for UG! Best way by far to get tabs.
0805086846|5.0|Best book I have ever read. You will be emotionally moved and horrified by the treatment the American Indians had to deal with from the the U.S. Government, Military, and White American settlers. You will not be able to put this book down once you beginning reading it. We as Americans owe a great apology to the American Indians and how they were treated and how we stole their land. They we a very trusting and truthful people that were lied to and taking advantage of and still are to this day.
0061649694|5.0|I must say for a kids book there were a few parts of this book that were creepy, even for me. I would have a hard time reading this to a 5-8 year old but I would wholeheartedly recommend this book to any over 10. Neil Gaiman, in an interview, said that kids find the adventure in it where adults find the eerieness in it all. This is a short book but it is a really fun, creative read. I have since read this book several times and have enjoyed the book each time.
1582701709|5.0|I had withdrawn this book from the library and as soon as I began reading, I knew that I had to purchase it.  This is the type of book that one would want to read and re-read, as well as retain as a reference book. Along with the companion book, \\"The Secret Daily Teachings\\" which gives a powerful one page teaching for each day of the year, I also purchased the movie, \\"The Secret.\\"  I now have three sources from which to incorporate this simple, yet profound teaching into my every day life. I read pages from the book each day and when I've reached the end, I begin again. I think that the only way for \\"The Secret\\" to truly work, is to consciously make it an integral part of the psyche, because our inner beliefs guide our lives. I wish for all those who read this book to feel  uplifted, renewed, and with a strength of faith, they didn't know they were capable of feeling.  All the best and God Bless.
B004HO6I4W|5.0|We bought this movie so we could have it in different formats and it has been great.  We mostly bought it for our son and he loves it and watches it at least once per week.  We also love watching it.  This is a great family movie.
0142403873|3.0|I am still waiting for the Gruffalo and I had to buy from a bookshop, because I had promised my grand daughter she would have it for her Birthday.  So, please, I would like to be reimbursed for the whole amount charged to my account. Thank you. Sylvia  I woould lke to let you know that I have received the Gruffalo todAY (2 weeks late)
B004WDRT1Y|4.0|It's been a long time since I've watched this movie and I bought it for my son and he seems to be quite taken with it.  This was a great purchase.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Worth $1. It's relaxing and a great way to pass some time. Music is well chosen, and keeps me interested.
B004RFYEEC|5.0|Everyone who reads these reviews brings with them their own SMiLE story. Mine begins in the summer of '66 when I hear \\"Good Vibrations\\" for the first time. The song leaps out of the car radio like nothing I'd ever heard - before or since. A steady diet of The Beatles and the Beach Boy's earlier hits (and whatever else is floating around at the time) does not prepare this young eight year old for what he is hearing. That building, cascading wall of sound, those soaring harmonies, the intricate switches of mood and melody and hang on, that's not just any old four piece band playing the backing track. Is that an orchestra? That song changed me and it changed popular music, and it changed our expectations of what the medium could now deliver. \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" was nice but this was in a different league.  Somehow though in the years that follow, the Beach Boys slipped off the radar, only to return with an \\"Endless Summer\\" double album compilation that went to number one in Australia in 1974. The Beach Boys had always been a singles band to me, which means \\"Pet Sounds\\",\\"Smiley Smile\\",\\"20/20\\", \\"Wild Honey\\", \\"Sunflower\\" and \\"Surf's Up\\" got lost amidst everything else I was listening to. That soon begins to change. At my local record store in Toowong, Brisbane, in 1978, one of my friends from university college, who later goes on to form his own band, the Go-Betweens' Grant McLennan, on learning I like the Beach Boys, turns me onto \\"Holland\\", one of my favorite albums. Still life goes on.   Head forward to 1988 when Brian Wilson releases his first solo album and the single \\"Love and Mercy\\". There just happens to be a copy of Steven Gaines' book \\"Heroes and Villains: the True Story of the Beach Boys\\" lying around the radio station that I am working for at the time. I am now 30 and my voyage of discovery gathers momentum. Holding the strongest fascination for me in the pages of Gaines' book, is the notion that Wilson has gone mad trying to finish a body of work, his opus, his \\"Teenage Symphony to God\\" of which \\"Good Vibrations\\" is the central part. You mean to say there was more music like that floating around, clearly the band's best work, and the album was never released?   Here's a band that's regarded in the late eighties as a bit of a joke, really. Square - a self parody, a nostalgia band. An accurate but harsh judgement given their peerless body of work. In my thirst for knowledge I buy a collection of their double CD's, the band's work of the late sixties and early seventies - I get to hear \\"Our Prayer\\", \\"Cabin Essence\\" and \\"Surf's Up\\" for the first time. WOW. \\"Surf's Up\\" - there's the game breaker. Its beauty brings tears to my eyes (still). When I play it for the kids, my Generation Next, as an example of what the Beach Boy's music is really like, their jaws drop.  So these, you say, are fragments of a record that was to be called \\"SMiLE\\", \\"the greatest unfinished album in the history of rock music\\" says Rolling Stone magazine? The \\"what-ifs\\" add richness and a sense of sadness to the story. The Beach Boys just might have been the greatest band in history with the greatest record in history but the exercise is scrapped which sends Wilson over the edge and almost takes the band with it. Fantastic. What a yarn. In 1997 I get to hear more of the SMiLE songs on the Good Vibration's Box Set. The pieces of the puzzle are coming together.  I read everything I can about the project and how it effected the band and Brian. In the nineties websites are devoted to its discussion and I learn of a whole army of devotees who like me are drawn to SMiLE and all the fascination it holds. I see the songs played and the reception they are given - Jimmy Webb, David Crosby and Vince Gill singing \\"Surf's Up\\" - on the Tribute to Brian Wilson DVD from Radio City Music Hall in 2001. Once a subject of ridicule as he shuffled around Hollywood in his dressing gown, Wilson is now taking his rightful place in the pantheon. It's a beautiful and magnificent resurrection, a lifetime in the making. He tours Australia with his backing band \\"The Wondermints\\" and we hear them play \\"Pet Sounds\\" and some of the SMiLE material. What a night. Wilson out front on the piano, fragile, the sacrifices he's made for his art exposed for all to see.  In 2005 he returns and we hear \\"SMiLE\\" played live, in full for the first time. I cannot believe it. His Grammy-winning CD \\"Brian Wilson presents SMiLE\\" is released - we now have hard evidence. What a journey it's been. And then early in 2011, comes word that Capitol Records will release the SMilE Sessions. Finally those beautiful Beach Boy's voices at the top of their game back in 1966 (Brian's has not worn well, the only criticism of his 2004 effort) and the Wrecking Crew in the studio. SMiLE as it was meant to be heard. Count me in. Good things come to those who wait.  The reality of the SMiLE exercise is the unmatched beauty of the music. End of Story. It's a work of genuius and this box set brings with it the chance to hear both the album itself and the genius at work in the studio creating the music.I defy anyone to present evidence there might be a \\"better\\" album than \\"SMiLE\\".  Say I get to chose either \\"Sgt Pepper's LHCB\\" or \\"SMiLE\\" as my desert island album - it's a no brainer, \\"Sgt Pepper's\\" is great and I'm a massive fan of the Beatles, but \\"SMiLE\\" - the grandeur of the music, the scale of the project, its beauty, the quality of the songs that inhabit this album - \\"Wind Chimes\\", \\"Wonderful\\", \\"Heroes and Villians\\", \\"Cabin Essence\\" - we're in a different class. And then throw in \\"Good Vibrations\\", Surf's Up\\", \\"Vega-Tables\\", \\"Our Prayer\\" - there, without doubt, is your greatest record album of all time.  I love it.
B005HWAOCA|5.0|What a great concert video! I wish I could have been there, but this is the next best thing. The sound is superb, as is the clarity of the video. The shots are nice in that there is a fairly equal time on each musician and from different angles. If you're a drummer, you'll enjoy the shots and angles of filming Ginger Baker. He still rolls up his right pant leg to prevent the pedal beater from catching. I remember that trick from my bell bottom days and smiled when I saw this. This DVD is not like videos from earlier shows, like Cream's final show where the video's were painful to watch. The song selection is just right and everyone appears to be enjoying themselves. I highly recommend this DVD as one of the best of the last few years.
B003O86FMW|4.0|Not as good as the first book, but still an excellent read. Can't wait to see how it all ends in the third and final book.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I love this app, it has everything you can possible think of.  Love the set up making it look like an analog clock. This is a must have app!
159514188X|2.0|I was very excited to read this book bc of all the postive hype surrounding it, but upon finishing it was just left disappointed. Teen suicide is a horrible tragedy & there are so many young people struggling with each day, but this character failed to appropriately capture that. I just felt myself wondering, why did she kill herself again? And then proceed to lead half her school on a very self-indulgent treasure hunt afterwards to boot? I am glad this book has been so helpful to others but it just left me frustrated.
0425241505|2.0|I enjoyed the twilight series so I obviously do have a thing for romantic fantasy novels. However, besides the shallow and boring story there is only one thing worth mentioning about this book: The sex is rather explicit. Since I guess there are not that many good fantasy books with adult content I am giving 2 stars. The story on its own would get only one star from me.
B005EP1PJQ|5.0|I got this book for my daughter and she love it so much so that I got her the following book Lola and the boy next door.
B000000QFV|5.0|This is the third Sabbath record with Tony Martin on vocals and the first Sabbath album that had a Norse mythology theme to it(though also parallel to our reality). This is prog, power metal Sabbath(don't worry it's still DOOM also), and it is freaking epic. Tony Martin sings genius lyrics and adds the melody to the very cool heavy riffs and solos of the riffmaster Iommi. The drumming of Cozy Powell is just so monolithic and on time, it's great. I love Bill Ward but this guy is in a league of his own! Black Sabbath has proven over and over again they can put out epic metal LPs with a new line up. This cd can stand along side any of the first 6 classic Sabbath lps with Ozzy or the 3 with Dio. If you love Tony Iommi, Black Sabbath, Dio, Deep Purple, Judas priest, fates Warning, Queensryche, or good heavy metal and Rock music, than this is the album for you.
0525423281|5.0|I got this book for my daughter and she loved it. I got it after I bough the first book Anna and the french kiss.
0439023513|2.0|The ending stank.<br /><br />SPOLIERS<br /><br />SPOLIERS<br /><br />Gale is the only character that completes his arc. Peeta and Katniss...I mean...do nothing.<br /><br />Katniss never takes control, never REALLY embraces who she is. She never catches fire. She doesn't kick anyone's ass, she doesn't really learn to stand on her own two feet. She just kind of lets everyone else push her left and right. It would have been wonderful to see her and Peeta kind of switching roles.<br /><br />And good lord! All the foreshadowing of Peeta being an amazing public speaker and you never, ever let him evolve into a leader of any sort? He would have been a great foil for Gale.<br /><br />Fail, fail, fail.<br /><br />What was with the trial at the end? I mean...uggg!
B004T5R2HQ|5.0|This is a fantastic app.  I'm always needing copies of receipts and paperwork at work,  now instead of running to find a copier,  i just pull out my phone and done!  Great for getting handwritten notes out in an email too!
B0042X9L6A|5.0|Exactly what I was hoping for. I have not had a single problem with this speedlight. It is fast, the bounce capability is effective, the remote flash function works great. It is easy to use, and relatively easy to figure out. I have accidentally smacked it up against walls and stairs (among other things), and have not had a single crack or break.  Definitely worth the money that I paid for it.
B001HNE3NO|5.0|Shock and horror and what a wonderful enlightning read if one can say that about this story!!! I  just finished reading Sarah's Key upon the request of my Auntie having had no previous knowledge of the \\"roundup\\" .  Sheer Madness.!!!!!!  What humankind can do to one other is appalling.  The more people that read this story the better.  Informing readers about the past will hopefully ensure that in the future our children will never let this happen again!!!!
B00402FGE4|5.0|This series was meant to be watched in it's entirety without commercials and I was absolutely smitten by it. It's been near a week since episode 40(the end of season 2) and I think I'm still in withdrawal and I can't say that about any other series I've ever watched.  I grew up reading Arthur C. Clark, Robert Silverberg, Frederick Pohl, Robert Sheckly, Piers Anthony and others like them; influenced by my now deceased maternal grandfather who was a huge Doc Savage fan. Stargate Universe has elements of 'Rendezvous With Rama' Arthur C. Clark where a huge mysterious spacecraft appears in the solar system and earth sends a mission to explore. It has all of that dark mystery and wonder with the added element of billions of light years separating.  The characters are realistically rendered and extraordinarily well acted with Robert Carlyle (DR.Rush )taking the cake but the guy that plays Colonel Young is very good as well. I also liked Eli (the video game math genuis) who adds moments of humor and humanity to offset the other two. This is the real manage a tois of the show!  The main female characters despite being model hot are also substantially drawn. Chloe's (Elyse Levesque) just trying to find her voice in the world as she starts out a privileged debutante but ends up being as valuable as Eli in keeping the Destiny mission alive. She has a short stint as a legal advocate for Young and handles herself quite well in that role. Chloe is the soul of this show. Lt. Johansen is a medic who takes on the responsibilities of the ship's surgeon and doctor. How that isn't substantial is beyond me. In season 2 she performs a kidney transplant for goshsakes! She has a child with Young but the writers never got the chance to properly resolve the issue. That's what happens when a show is prematurely canceled. All of the female characters are well represented including two guest stars who become immortalized in Destiny's memory banks(love interests for Rush and Eli).  This was the best sci-fi series I've ever had the privilege of watching. With the exception of one small hiccup (episode 16-17) where an intergalactic trip was truncated, the narrative was never lost. I preferred this over Stargate Alantis and Star Ship Enterprise (Scott Bakula) even though those shows are my current default alternatives and quite good in their own respective ways.
0515142247|4.0|Lee Child writes an extremely satisfying story.  The hero of the book, Reacher, provides the action needed to make this book a page turner.  While not great literature, the story is definitely an enjoyable read.  I definitely recommend it.
B000GY729M|5.0|This River is Wild, this album is wild, Seminal,influential,energetic,powerful,non-stop rock n  roll...what else needs to be said. Lyrics reflecting pre-great recession America. Nods to Springsteen,Sparks,  Bowie,Stooges,Sweet,Motley Crue,Sex Pistols..just about every other great rock band since Elvis. If you don't get up and dance and sing to this...well,you might want to check into an ER somewhere to see if your still alive. By the way that's me on the cover,no,no,the horny old goat.ha It's gonna be a long time before this one is matched.
B004I8WD6E|4.0|Good value for the price.  The screen protector went on easily and works well.  The case is a little bulkier than I'd like, but I do feel like my phone is well protected.
B001BWQWKS|5.0|This disc has garnered plenty of praise from critics and listeners, making reviews such as this one something of an irrelevant aside. However, it has made a great impression on me, so I can't help but give it a hearty recommendation. The accolades are really true - this group plays with a technical command, ensemble, maturity and spontaneity that belie their youth. After hearing these works played by Quatuor Ebene I really have very little desire to seek out alternative recordings. Of course, it can't hurt that their performances receive an absolutely gorgeous recorded sound - it is lush, juicy, detailed and with the perfect amount of room to allow a blending of the instruments.   As for the works themselves, the Debussy and Ravel quartets are unique in each composer's repertoire. Though each composer only wrote a single quartet, they are both treasures, filled with ideas, textures and harmonies never explored before. The Faur is a late work, actually the most recent of the three. It has an unconventional three movement structure consisting of two relatively slow, reflective movements followed by a lively searching finale. I don't see how a quartet lover could go without any of these works.
B000HSIEPI|5.0|A superb political drama that will leave you wondering how you enjoyed watching such a miscreant ascend to the throne.  This is the first of 3 books, faithfully rendered by the BBC into a trilogy: House of Cards, To Play the King, and The Final Cut.  Ian Richardson plays the lead character masterfully.  My only frustration with the televised series is the \\"Daddy!\\" non-sense, which is very off-putting.  You'll know it when you hear it.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Simple yet rigorously logical spatial strategy puzzles with great graphics. Love the encouragement of elegant minimalism and the very cool retro design.
0385338082|5.0|To start off: this is probably the funniest, most romantic book I've ever read. Well, maybe not most romantic, but it certainly does a good job.<br /><br />I wasn't really sure I wanted to read it. When I started, the writing just seemed weird or maybe I should say, the main character reminded me of a complete air-head and I was really turned off...until a few pages later and she got on the plane. While I had been 'meh' on Emma up that point, once she started blurting out her secrets on the plane, which had hit a patch of turbulence, I started to love her. Not because she was sharing her secrets, but because she was funny and she honestly thought she was going to die!<br /><br />The stranger she's sharing her precious secrets with turns out to be her boss. The Boss with a capital B. Jack Harper is a mystery man and downright sexy. The things he does are hilarious. He has poor little Emma on her toes throughout the book and their reactions to one another are priceless. In my usual reading, I would rather have the main character end up with the other guy, but for this one, I was rooting for Jack the whole time. I was just waiting and waiting and waiting for something to happen between the two if them and when it finally did, it was bliss. I actually squealed with joy. No really. I did. I squealed several times actually.<br /><br />I can't say I loved the whole book though. Emma's parents and her cousin are sort of cliche. The cousin moves in, becomes the star of the family and then their actual child is left with the bits and pieces. But the cousin gets hers, so in the end that worked out. Emma's friends, however, are very annoying! I hated Jemima. She was a thoughtless person and was very self-centered. Nothing in this world could make me like her. The other friend, Lissy, is better, but at times she seems smart and then at others, I felt she was dumb-downed. She's a lawyer for crying out loud!<br />Emma has her own flaws as well. She doesn't say what she likes or dislikes. With her boyfriend Connor, she's lying that she likes this or that, when in reality, she utterly hates it. Emma does this a lot and she has a bunch of people thinking she does or enjoys something when she really doesn't. It drove me nuts, but I can't completely blame her. I've done the same thing and still do on occasion.<br /><br />I've read plenty of books that made me smile, but Can You Keep a Secret? took it to a whole new level. I was snorting, I was laughing, I was crying, I was angry, and most of all, I really connected with the book, I was a part of it and I didn't want it to end.she's lying that she likes this or that, when in reality, she utterly hates it. Emma does this a lot and she has a bunch of people thinking she does or enjoys something when she really doesn't. It drove me nuts, but I can't completely blame her. I've done the same thing and still do on occasion.   I've read plenty of books that made me smile, but Can You Keep a Secret? took it to a whole new level. I was snorting, I was laughing, I was crying, I was angry, and most of all, I really connected with the book, I was a part of it and I didn't want it to end.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Amazon UK is releasing blu ray, dvd, and real digital copy set on December 2. Plus other combinations.  I just placed my order and will be cancelling usa Amazon. Be careful one of the UK sets does not have  our region dvd.
B004V5QWU2|5.0|you can mix and match sounds to create your own experience. nice feature! the sounds are wonderful. peaceful and true. thumbs up.
0671449028|5.0|If I had a nickle for every time I've read this to my kid, I'd have at least a hundred bucks.  It's his favorite- so much so that when I finish reading it through once, he hands it back to me to read again.  And again, until I have to hide it so we can move on to another book.  He's only 13 months old, but this holds his attention very well.  All of Boynton's books are like this- they're cute and entertaining for kids and fun for parents.  I genuinely enjoy these books (maybe not as much as my son), they're funny and the illustrations are adorable. They're easy to read and memorize.    Also not to be missed:  Happy Hippo, Angry Duck (a book of moods), Doggies (a counting and barking book) and Moo, Ba, Lalala!    If you're a singing kind of parent, Snuggle Puppy is cute.
B006JSXYPA|5.0|i was hoping to have this one, since it came out on theathers, it has great scenes in 3d and it is the great transformers movie, thank you verymuch
0446585025|1.0|I was disappointed in this book because I thought there would be some substance to it.  All it is, though, is Ellen rambling about whatever topic pops into her head.  There are a few anecdotes scattered throughout, but only a few.  I wanted more about Ellen - not more about Ellen's random musings.  The book is annoying to read because it is a bunch of random thoughts haphazardly compiled into what feels like an endless monologue.  I do not recommend the purchase of this book.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|it's really a classic great story graphics and game play,it arrived really quick and in great conditions, i really recommend it
B0034G4P80|5.0|I have been recently disappointed in superhero films, but I thought this was really good.  Good action, acting, story, length, musical score.  This doesn't quite honor the older comic books as much as I would like, but it was still really entertaining.  And I guess I understand the need to appeal to the younger crowds.  I will watch this again and I hope they make a sequel.
B005FNGAD8|5.0|First, if you have never heard the Sigma Sound/WMMR concert before, stop reading and order this.  If you have heard it, stop reading and order this.  The sonic upgrade is stunning.  Let me qualify my 5 Star rating now.  FOR WHAT YOU GET, the material is 5 stars.  The album remaster, while not perfect, is much better than earlier Columbia versions.  My number one frustration with Billy Joel is the lack of new material for the last 20 years.  My number two frustration is Columbia's management of his catalog.  (There have been bright spots, like the Stranger 30th Anniversary Set.)  But, the Sigma show should not be the second disc of a Piano Man Legacy Edition, it should be the second disc of a newly mixed and mastered Cold Spring Harbor Legacy Edition.  And where are the bonus tracks?  And lastly, what a gigantic let down when you open this package and see the reproduction of a Columbia Records invitation to a November 1973 Troubador Show to hype the Piano Man album.  Where is THAT show (or one like it)?  Billy, give us some new music.  And Columbia, give us comprehensive archival releases that befit one of the greatest singer-songwriters of the 1970s (and early 1980s, for that matter).
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|Of the shorter film versions of the Jane Eyre story this one is pretty good.  I enjoyed the score, settings, and especially the acting.  I would put this about equal with the William Hurt version and slightly better than the one with Ciaran Hinds.  But I'm not sure I like it as well as the longer miniseries-like versions.  Of those I enjoyed the Toby Stephens one best with Timothy Dalton's performance coming in second. This film is good but as usual when they take such an extensive story and make it shorter, they have to leave important things out.  But sometimes I don't want to watch such a long story.  This is great for those times.  I enjoyed it and will watch it again.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|I whipped through the book and then spent three days thinking about it. I really love Christian Grey. Love him! There were parts of Ana that I really liked in this second book as well. In some instances, she stood on her own which made her more appealing. Yet, at other times, she showed her immaturity at just twenty-one years of age. Everything about Christian was wonderful~he's the ultimate hero, even with all of his flaws. I wanted to save him, personally!   My only complaint with this story is its fast-moving pace in terms of time. I would like to see Ms. James slow it down a bit. I get the intensity of their relationship that is largely determined by Christian, but I would like to see some time pass before everything becomes so \\"intense\\".   Also, I hope the hint in the ending of book two with Jack's character is fleshed out a bit more. Otherwise, it may appear trivialized as a set-up to book three. As readers, we need to understand the dark underpinnings of this particular secondary character to believe his motivations against our hero and heroine.   Otherwise. I'm good! It's a great series. \\"I LOVE it\\" and look forward to January for book three, holding my breath and just waiting.   Nicely done!!!! Ms. James!!!!
0670022411|1.0|It was so bad I even deleted it from my Kindle.  I never do that. There were no interesting ideas here.
B005NFVZTM|5.0|I saw the other xmen movies ah there ok but no plot , no history or story into the older real 60's xman comic's I grew up with and loved so well. and emma forst was amazing and the plot will keep you the whole way which you can't say about 975 of movies now a days. more then here's a tit or a leg and some explotions not here a piece of art. i went into this movie thinking this is going to suck or just ok at best . I WAS BLOWN AWAY WITH THE TALENT.
B005Z271Y6|5.0|Adele is perfection and nothing less. With her voice and passion she's the artist of our century. Not only will her music blow your mind, her personality is what makes her who she is. Her music truly touches the soul, it's so powerful. I love you Adele.
3795753384|5.0|With its large, easy to read and mark type, this score is one that I'll be using for a long time.  It's a little large to be completely comfortable to hold for a full performance, but the clarity of the music outweighs this little nitpick.  Recommended.
B003DZX3US|5.0|I can proudly state that I know all the lines to this movie and all the lyrics to the songs.  Until the movie was re-released, I still popped the VHS version from my childhood into my VCR at least once a month to get that warm, fuzzy feeling that only Disney can provide.<br /><br />The storyline is a classic.  Who doesn't love a strong woman who stands up for her family, rejects the bully, and sees the good in someone that most of us would avoid?  The supporting characters make the movie even more lovable, and the songs will be sung for generations to come.<br /><br />The picture quality has obviously been improved with the new release which makes it all the more enjoyable.  As a Beauty and the Beast afficionado, I spent hours with the special features.  The deleted scene has a new song to fall in love with, and it was neat to see the alternate opening.  If you love the movie, you will really enjoy watching the special they did on the making of the film.<br /><br />It's a great value with great additions for a great movie!
B005GP7F8Y|1.0|The picture quality on the Entertainment One \\"Blu Ray\\" disc is awful.  Don't waste your money on it.  To date, the best image quality for ONE EYED JACKS remains the Tgg Direct DVD released in 2003.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|HBO does it again!  Another fantastic drama filled with complex characters, nail-biting storylines, and rollercoaster relationships and romances.  I eagerly anticipate the start of each new season, dread the end of each one, and stay up to date on show developments when it's not on the air.<br /><br />The first season is an absolute necessity for anyone interested in watching this show.  Because of the complexity of the show and the development of plots and characters, True Blood really isn't a show that can be successfully picked up in the middle.  Characters disappear for a season only to reappear in a later season and old stories resurface once you think they've concluded.<br /><br />Personally, I'm not into the new vampire fad.  I barely made it through the first Twilight movie without gagging, and the other vampire shows and books really don't pique my interest.  True Blood grabs me because it is so different from the typical vampire story.<br /><br />To begin with, the vampires in True Blood are not in hiding.  The world knows all about them since their \\"Great Revelation\\" which was sparked by the invention of synthetic blood that vampires can live on instead of relying on human blood to survive.  In fact, there is a vampire rights movement to give vampires equal footing with humans in modern society.  Of course, there is mixed sentiment among humans about vampires.  Some people are open to their assimilation into society and others are completely opposed to their existence.  But just as many humans dislike vampires, many vampires dislike humans and think that they are inferior beings.<br /><br />Then, of course, there are human/vampire relationships which two protagonists explore.  THAT is very interesting.  Oh, and the human is also telepathic and can hear everyone's thoughts... except her vampire boyfriend.<br /><br />Also, we have a new substance entering the illegal drug trade: vampire blood.  It's got some pretty desirable side effects and is touted to be the best thing out there.  Imagine the conflicts that arise out of that -- how do you think someone gets that, and how much do you think you're gonna have to pay for it?<br /><br />Oh, and in the first season, there's a murderer running around killing fang-bangers (people who sleep with vampires).  You know, just to make things even more exciting.<br /><br />And all of the characters have their own little issues and secrets that are explored.  Don't forget... this is just the first season!  It gets better as you go.<br /><br />A common complaint that I've heard is from people who read the books before watching the show; the show is VERY different from the books and strays from the book A LOT.  I've read the books, and I loved the books.  I also love the show.  Just be aware going into the show that it will be different.  I think it's exciting!  I don't know exactly what's going to happen, and the things I didn't like in the books might not necessarily come to fruition in the show.<br /><br />Word of warning: this is NOT a show for kids or teenagers.  There are sexual scenes, nudity, explicit language, and graphic violence.cts that arise out of that -- how do you think someone gets that, and how much do you think you're gonna have to pay for it?  Oh, and in the first season, there's a murderer running around killing fang-bangers (people who sleep with vampires).  You know, just to make things even more exciting.    And all of the characters have their own little issues and secrets that are explored.  Don't forget... this is just the first season!  It gets better as you go.  A common complaint that I've heard is from people who read the books before watching the show; the show is VERY different from the books and strays from the book A LOT.  I've read the books, and I loved the books.  I also love the show.  Just be aware going into the show that it will be different.  I think it's exciting!  I don't know exactly what's going to happen, and the things I didn't like in the books might not necessarily come to fruition in the show.    Word of warning: this is NOT a show for kids or teenagers.  There are sexual scenes, nudity, explicit language, and graphic violence.
1851775722|5.0|I sat down intending only to flip through this book when it first arrived, but instead found myself enthralled with the richly detailed photographs and easy to read text.  The large format photographs brings the fabrics up as close as if you had your nose on them, giving the reader unprecedented access to the clothes, their colour and texture almost as well as if you had the clothing article at hand.  This is a wonderful reference book, full of fabulous imagery and informative copy and would be a wonderful addition to anyone's collection.  I can see myself dipping in for a regular exploration of this collection of clothing from the nineteenth century, and also getting inspired to get back into costume making again.<br /><br />A beautiful book.
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|Jaycee Dugard spares no details when describing the torture that Philip and Nancy Garrido put her through for eighteen years.  Her experience disgusted me to see just how cruel and sick people can be.<br /><br />She wrote this book in a way that connects with readers on three different levels: the Jaycee that was kidnapped, the Alyssa that she was forced to become, and the Jaycee that survived and is looking back on everything in retrospect.  She writes every chapter as she lived it, and you read every page as she lived it.  She writes it from her mindset at the time that everything happened.  I found myself feeling similar to the way she must have felt.  You are terrified for her when she is taken.  You are saddened and shattered when this poor girl is raped for the first time (the eleven-year-old terminology she uses for these experiences makes it even heartbreaking to think how innocent she was).  Every little defeat she suffered feels like a personal defeat.  You feel the fear she felt when she became pregnant and gave birth at such a young age.<br /><br />The conflicting part is when she grows into the role of Alyssa, the name that the Garridos forced her to assume in order to hide her identity.  This is where Stockholm Syndrome takes flight and where she starts to empathize and feel endearing emotions toward her captors.  The way that she describes these instances, you can almost feel yourself beginning to like the Garridos... for a split second until you remember what they did to her.  As she grows somewhat comfortable in her own life, the book becomes a little less turbulent.<br /><br />At the end when she is discovered, she is terrified and hesitant to reveal her identity.  I was at the edge of my seat wanting to scream to her to just tell the authorities who she was.  At this point, you're just cheering her on to take that step.  From that point on in the book, it's so uplifting to see her take her life back.<br /><br />After each chapter, from the beginning to the end of the book, she writes a section from her perspective today.  It's where she reflects on what happened based on what she knows and how she thinks today.  Watching her digest and process her past reveals so much about her character and about how strong she has become.<br /><br />The book is very disturbing and heartwrenching, but it's worth reading.  On a sidenote, she's donating a portion of the proceeds from the sales to help people who have been kidnapped and found recover and get back to their lives.  Even if I hated the book, I still wouldn't regret buying it -- I'm more than happy to donate money to this woman, her children, and her cause.  She's certainly deserving.rites a section from her perspective today.  It's where she reflects on what happened based on what she knows and how she thinks today.  Watching her digest and process her past reveals so much about her character and about how strong she has become.  The book is very disturbing and heartwrenching, but it's worth reading.  On a sidenote, she's donating a portion of the proceeds from the sales to help people who have been kidnapped and found recover and get back to their lives.  Even if I hated the book, I still wouldn't regret buying it -- I'm more than happy to donate money to this woman, her children, and her cause.  She's certainly deserving.
B004MARLJ2|4.0|To run it....I got tired of playing it after a couple days...one thing I didnt' like is there is a button to pick your moves for you.  After a while of being frustrated you will just continue to use that button...fun adventure game though if you like kids RPGs
B00000K0DQ|4.0|This movie still brings me to tears every time I watch it.<br /><br />First off, Susan Sarandon definitely earned her Oscar for this role.  However, Sean Penn's portrayal of Matthew Poncelet absolutely blew me away.  I was also impressed at the level of impartiality that they were able to attain in presenting the story.  Ultimately, the story is presented from the perspective of an abolitionist, Catholic nun; naturally, there will be an underlying anti-death penalty sentiment.  However, as the director, Tim Robbins was phenomenal at presenting the storylines of the victims' families.  In fact, battling between her beliefs and seeing the pain that innocent people have endured is a serious conflict that Sister Helen deals with throughout the entire movie.<br /><br />To me, the beauty in this story isn't the friendship that forms between Sister Helen and a death row inmate -- it's the last minute humanity that we see from Matthew which comes from a stubborn nun who refuses to give up on him.<br /><br />The only reason I didn't give it five stars is I have read the book and found it be exceedingly better.  In fact, if you enjoyed this movie, you absolutely must read the book!
B002IKLZZY|5.0|Without a shadow of a doubt \\"North by Northwest\\" is the most interesting film I have ever tried to figure out.<br /><br />After viewing this film thirty or thirty-five times, I am astounded that the story line and action sequences even work at all, but they do. So many things come together in an irrational way, yet are so believable.<br /><br />The story is about a small piece of microfilm that the audience is completely unaware of until the last five minutes of the film. However, they are all after it, and meanwhile, the bad guys have mistaken Roger O. Thornhill, played by Cary Grant as a government man out to get them. Determined to straighten out the entire mess, Thornhill follows the trail of the man he is mistaken for, without realizing this man does not even exist. He meets a beautiful but mysterious woman played by Eva Marie Saint, gets run down by a low flying crop dusting airplane, and is arrested for disrupting an auction where the bad guys are gathered and bidding on a vase.<br /><br />Top shelf actors, Alfred Hitchcock in his prime, and the DRIVING music of Bernard Hermann combine with this mysterious story line that could have been thrown together by no one but Alfred Hitchcock. \\"Why can't I craft something like this? It's so simple.\\" But as of yet, I really do not understand exactly what makes it so-o-o entertaining?\\"<br /><br />This film represents the magic of Hollywood and of the craft and art of film making.<br /><br />This two disc set belongs in every DVD collection. Buy it, watch it over and over, study the simplicity and ask the question yourself, \\"What makes it work?\\"<br /><br />I WILL FOREVER MISS ALFRED HITCHCOCK!
B0007939NO|5.0|My parents introduced this movie to me when I was young, and it's been near and dear to my heart ever since.  Gene Kelly delivers the same stunning choreography that we all know and love.  It fits seamlessly into beautifully written songs that are guaranteed to make you smile.<br /><br />For people who are familiar with movies from this era, Brigadoon really has an all-star cast!  Gene Kelly, Van Johnson, Cyd Charisse... those were some big names back then!  When you watch the movie, you won't be surprised why.  Everyone in this movie excels at acting, singing, and dancing.  The performances are solid across the board.<br /><br />Ultimately, Brigadoon is a Scottish fairy tale.  It's a magical town that appears for a day once every two hundred years.  The one day it appears, two men stumble across it while lost on a hunting trip in the highlands of Scotland... and one man stumbles into the heart of a local woman.  The two fall in love, and he has to decide whether to stay in Brigadoon with her forever or whether to return to New York to his life and fiance.<br /><br />Wonderful movie, family friendly, and a classic that you will watch over and over again.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|Lewis Shiner really got Smile right in his 1993 novel Glimpses about a guy who gains the mysterious ability to hear great unfinished rock albums. The novel features a very memorable scene in which the protagonist Ray Shackleford finds himself suddenly in 1966 hanging out with Brian Wilson at the soon-to-be defunct southern California coastal amusement park Pacific Ocean Park (P.O.P) while Brian is taking a break from the Smile sessions. It's an eerie episode that leaves readers (especially those who grew up in SoCal just after P.O.P's demise) eerily nostalgic for something long-lost, youthfully innocent, and pleasure-filled but also on the verge of becoming desolate, run-down, and abandoned (check out the amazing website \\"rippop\\" which expresses such sentiments about P. O. P)<br /><br />Anyway, Smile perfectly captures this weird blend of the pleasantly nostalgic and the unsettlingly warped. Jimi Hendrix was right when he responded to a pre-release listen back in 1966 by calling the album \\"psychedelic barbershop music.\\" The album is filled both musically and lyrically with references to old Americana: Disneyland Main Street and the era's fascination with Polynesian culture; wagons moving westward and the pilgrims landing at Plymouth Rock. But it is all awash in a strange haze of eery sadness--the effects of the drugs certainly but also something much more. As others have noted, Brian didn't fail initially simply because of the drugs or the uncooperative band members or the deteriorating mental state. It was more that this music both emotionally and technically was too far ahead of its time.<br /><br />And by the way, my two-year-old loves the \\"scary fire truck song\\"!
B00466HN86|5.0|This was one of the best movies that I have seen in a long time.  I would recommend this movie to all adults not just men.  It's very easy to get caught up in day to day living and this movie really makes you think about making children and family a priority.  I can't wait for the movie to be available to purchase.  I want to buy a copy for my sons and brothers.  The movie is inspiring and encouraging.
1451648537|4.0|Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson. First off, the author is a fantastic writer. His attention to details (but not too detailed when it comes to the technical aspect of things), his research in the life of Steve Jobs and the whole computer industry, all of it was put together in an orderly well written way. I plan on getting his other books.<br />As for Steve Jobs himself: Yes, what you read out there is true. As far as character goes, his was not exactly on the nice side (though he can be if he wanted to flatter you or truly connected with you). He berated people, humiliated them and though the \\"victims\\" wish to have been treated better, many have said it was because of him that they were able to do what they thought was impossible. End of the day, the man thought of himself as an artist and wanted everything he puts out \\"to be the best\\" so that \\"others (consumer) can do what they are best at\\".<br />Here are the 3 things I learned from the man:<br />1. Passion. In everything he did. He had a binary view of the world, either it was great or it was crap. Nothing in the middle. This often lead to his tantrums, his crying, his craziness, but he was consistent with his passion. He wanted to change the world somehow, and yes, at a young age he said he was going to die early and wanted to be able to contribute.<br />2. Focus. This is where the magic happens. He told Larry Page, CEO Google, to drop all other projects besides for search and focus on 3 things and 3 things only that will do something magical. He had the ability to be intense when he wanted to build something and totally ignore what he had no interest in. Focus is what allowed him to \\"get rid of buttons\\" and to put out beautiful products.<br />3. Contribution. No, the man was clearly not a fan of charity. At least in the public eye. But he did want to contribute to the world. He wanted to express himself to the world, to contribute back like many of the great did before him. He wanted to be part of the flow. And that's what has driven him.ven him.
1451648537|5.0|A look at the live of Steve a genius with a very complex personality. It takes you true all the ups and downs and shows both he genius and incredible flaws. I could not put down the book read it in 3 days.<br /><br />Fascinating how a man so sensitive to his surroundings and feelings can be so cruel and cold to people. Yet his neurotic quest for perfection in technology change the world and made a company that will continue his vision for generations to come.<br /><br />There will never be another Steve....
B005SAP45I|5.0|I didn't go see this movie in theaters, as I have every other Pixar movie that's been released, because so many people were saying that it was only for \\"very little children.\\"  Those people must have been asleep at the wheel while the movie was running!  And I'm sorry I listened to the lemons vs. lemonade reviews.  I loved this movie as much as the first Cars and thought that the James Bond insider jokes and visual spoofs were sophisticated and extremely entertaining, as I've come to expect from Pixar. Once again, the Pixar team has come through and delivered a movie that's as much fun for adults as for most kids.  However, Cars 2 is definitely NOT for very young children or those who might be easily upset by the \\"death\\" of a character as the reviewer Freeman pointed out.  Although this still puts Cars 2 in the same company as Finding Nemo (mom dies by shark in the first few minutes) or Disney's the Lion King (dad gets trampled by a stampede) which to me seems much more \\"disturbing\\" than cars loosing wheels or the American spy car (cut away to save tender eyes) bursting into terminal flames.  Cars 2 is even more light-hearted than Toy Story 3's incineration scene that had men in tears...but I don't recall any criticism for the emotions the though of burning plastic caused otherwise reasonable adults (or their kids!)  Cars 2 is definitely worth viewing once, at the very least, but I recommend that you add it to your DVD/Bluray library if you're a fan of everything Pixar like I am.  The kids in our family seem to agree, preferring Pixar's plot lines and animation to parent company Disney's hands down.
B005NPLXJ4|2.0|The Metallica/Lou Reed partnership could have produced some great things.  Unfortunatlely this album did not.  With the exception of a few Metallica riffs, I found the work to be unlistenable; a great disappointment.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|great new talent, so down to earth and so refreshing. This young man loves his family and his hometown.  We all hope that he stay this way.  We are so proud of him  smalltowngirl
B0036EH3XE|1.0|This was the last time I watched TV, I canceled my cable shortly after this last season.  It proved to me how bad Hollywood in general has gotten, they have no substance anymore, no character, no talent, nothing.  All TV is anymore is reality TV, and shows such as this that leave the audience wondering what happened over the last few years while watching this?
B000ICM5IK|4.0|I really enjoy this compilation. The songs that have been remastered sound fantastic. I also have \\"The Rocky Story\\" CD [[ASIN:B00000HZY2 The Rocky Story: The Original Soundtrack Songs From The Rocky Movies (Soundtrack Anthology)]] but I think this album (The Best of Rocky) has better sound quality. I thought the sound bytes from the movies would add a fun tone to the album but I don't think they were handled very well. Whoever did the editing to bring the various bits together probably wasn't a Rocky fan. Some of the sound clips don't fit well with the songs that precede it or follow it. And the actual sound clips themselves aren't edited very well. Most of them come off as too short and sound like they were chopped off right at the end of the syllable which gives it a harsh quality as opposed to a nice flow through the story.
B004VMVTNU|3.0|I use to love this alarm clock, I especially liked it over the stock alarm clock since XTREME's alarm worked independently from the phones audio settings but with the last upgrade there's been an issue with it crashing my Droid X when the alarm goes off which then shuts off the clock on reboot causing me to wake up late. I'm still keeping it on my phone but I can't risk being late for work so for now it's back to the stock android alarm clock.
B0055SWM08|4.0|I love this game! Great graphics, amazing music, fun, challenging puzzles. What keeps this game from being 5 stars is that it locks up and requires a force close whenever I get a text. Otherwise it is an amazing game.
B0008KLVG4|5.0|Jaws really is such an incredible movie the acting in this film is incredible. Jaws is such a scary film I mean its more realistic then most horror films in the regards that Sharks are real and they do sometimes attack people not just the Great White Shark but Bull Sharks, and Tiger Sharks all pose a great threat to Humans. Okay back to the review this movie is so scectacular I just love it. The two disc 30th edition is a must buy. It has loads of Special features. I really find the man who directed this movie Steven Spielburg to be one of the best altime movie directors ever hands down He can do an incredible job Directing a horror movie, Scifi film like Star wars or a movie like American Graffiti.So what I like about this film is that the plot is acually quit simple a woman has been eaten alive by    a shark which nobody knows what kind so the Sheriff  in charge makes everybody close down the beach for a while until the shark that killed this woman and other people is killed.It takes the sheriff a little while to shut down the beach for good until the shark is caught cause the owner of the beach only cares about money and not the sake of the people but he does change his mind after he sees the effect that this has on the people of the beach so the hunt is on for the shark that did this. You wont believe the ending to this incredible film. A must see for anybody that likes not just horror films but Steven Spielburg's films. I withoubt a doubt give this film 5 stars. Sharks are scary!!!!!!!
B0000524CY|5.0|This is one of the best films of all time.  This movie was winner of 2 academy awards and nominated for 6 in total.  This isn't your today horror movie where it has no point and the girl with the biggest tits is getting slashed.  This movie acutally has a point and when you understand whats going on you realize how great of film it is.  This is one of the greatest stories to a movie ive ever seen.  It is truly one of my favorite movies of all time.  I suggest you purchase this.
B000GGSMB2|5.0|What  words can I say about Scarface other then Epic, action packed, Superb, and fast paced. This movie Scarface is my 2nd all time favorite Film. First off  I'd like too start off by saying that the Platinum Edition is a must have for any Scarface fan.It comes in the nicest movie case ever. Plus this edition has 2 Discs    .Disc 1 Feature Film  .Disc 2 Special Features    So on the special features disc there is plenty of stuff but I dont want too ruin it for you so I will get back too Talking about this incredible Movie!!!!!! The movie Scarface when it first came out in 1984 I think it was had so much controversy because of all of the Violence in it and most of all what upset the man at the head of the MPAA back then was all of the nonstop swearing.It got trimmed down multiple times too get an R Rating by the MPAA then the Director said thats it If I trim this film down anymore I wont be able too get the point across to people that I want to.The decision to have the film trimmed down then turned a different path the MPAA let the Director release it uncut.     I just cant say enough good things about this movie I loved it my best friend loved it and of course so many people love this movie and who can blame them this in my opionion is the best Gangster film ever ever!!!!! This film made me wonder if there are people out there as messed up as the Fictional Character Tony Montana? The Violence in this film didn't bother me nor did all the swearing but if violence and harsh Language bothers you this is most definatelly not the movie for you. I will watch this movie untill the disc wont play anymore  I found it too be that Much of a Masterpiece. The Actors Incredible, the Settings, Superb, and the story very very Believable. Tony montana you will come out too find after watching this movie is one tough  guy who does't stand for no garbage from anybody and if he dosnt like you or what you have to say he will let you have it either by his foul mouth or his violence Tonyis one mean guy. Well its a Gangster movie hes not supposed to be nice he is supposed to make his enemies fear him and his friends unfortunatley wind up hating him. Well it aint easy being Tony!!!!!!!        Okay now on to the Film this movie ike I already said is excellent the story is superb the acting is incredible an whats not too love about classic lines like (SAY HELLO TOO MY LITTLE FRIEND)? Scarface is one tough guy who is basically sick of being a Dishwasher at a restaurant so this Drug Lord guy offers him a job and him being the tough nothing Scares me kind of guy accepts the offer.So Scarface works his way up the Ladder of Financial Succes byy doing bad things like killing people, Selling drugs etc etc. He is so Focused on the money you find out Later on  in this film that he dosn't care about anybody other then himeself.    So what happens is Scarface overtakes his Boss. He kills him takes over his Business and starts making the real money no longer is he a DISHWASHER no longer dos he have a hard time making ends meet. By Not obeying the LAW WHICH is horrible but its okay cause its only a film its not real. Back to what I was saying    by not obeying the Law Scarface runs his own DRUG SMUGGLING business. HE makes Millions of dollars by doing this. Earlier on in this film when Scarface first starts out he drives around in a Cadillac then he moves on up too a Porsche When he starts doing well following his bosses orders. And finally When Scarface  preferebly Tony Montana kills his boss and takes over his business he gets a ROLLS ROYCE. When TONY makes this amount of money all he cares about is himeself Sure hes married too a beautifull Woman sure he has friends but to him its all about the money and  he loses sight of whats right and wrong for the most part I think in this film he makes only one good choice and that good choice costs him his life.So WHen hes stuck up Prefferably the scene when Tony is in his TV room Where he has his hot tub and all he argues with his wife his friend is like dude Your wife is right your an I cant say it lets just say DOUCHE BAG. He leaves and Tony says. I dont need him or her I only need my money or something like that.     So basically in the end tony makes a great choice which I wont say cause I dont want too give away the whole film. He mkes a great choice that costs him his life. Hey  Tony choice to disobey the law so he lives with whatever happens too him. What I want to leave off by saying is this is a  movie that you cant miss its fantastic, incredible, superb, its over 2 hours and 30 minuts so its really long its a nice long Gangster movie and it has helped redefine the movie Genre in more ways then one so its a must buy for any gangster film lover or someone who loves action movies with lots of Carnage and Violence in it.
B005LJITS0|4.0|A little over the top at times, but really an enjoyable movie for a Saturday afternoon.  I'm really loving the ability to stream movies from Amazon on my Roku, and there's so many movies to get caught up on, and Green Lantern was just one of them.
B000UNYK3A|5.0|Wow I just want start out by saying what an Incredible Film!!!!!!! Eli Roth Sure knows how to make a Scary Horror movie that Pushes the Envelope in terms of Violence. Hostel Is a must have for any horror buff that loves a scary movie with a great plot incredible acting and a Huge amount of Gore.The plot to this fantastic film is basically as follows these three Backbackers go to a Hostel in a Foreign country. They are really just about meeting women and having a good time with them and by a good time a really good time.So what they are un awar of is the people who own this Hostel are really really evil.They get lured outside of the safe zone one by one they get drugged and kidnapped and then taken too this creepy Hostel place where Really sick Rich men Mostly Business men pay to Torture them and then unfortunatly kill them.All but one  of the Backpackers avoids capture untill he makees a grave mistake and gets brought to the Hostel not drugged but FULLY AWAKE. He sees this sick man with the dead body of his friend Josh. And realizes this Woman who brought him here along with everybody else are out to do him harm.In the end though he has the last Laugh.He manages to escape the Hostel Luckily and rescues this Girl Kona.But she sees herself in a mirror and just cant bear it so she just gives up on life.This movie is great it has a Stunning picture Quality that you normally see with old Horror films.    This movie has some of the most Realistic Gore effects I have ever seen so coming from a guy like me thats saying a lot cause I see a lot of horror films and I know what looks reall and what looks fake     and the more beleavable a scene looks the more convincing it is.If you are the type of person that cant stand gore this is not the film for you. Even if you can stand gore it might be still too much cause of all the torture scenes in this movie but if you can handle that along with all the harsh language and nudity you will realize that beneath the dark surface of thismovie is quit a Beautiful Motion Picture of a film.Eli roth is iin my opionions one of the best horror Directors out there along with of Course George A Romero.I love films that make you wonder could sometthing like this happen? In this case yes Because Eli Roth said in the Special     Features of this film that he got the idea for it out of stuff he saw on the internet. Freaky right? So this film has plenty of special features I love the directors cut version of this film its the must buy edition if you are gonna buy this movie.I like that in  this movie unlike in a lot of horror films the Director didnt have all the cast members killed off most are killed off but there is a survivor.This film is one of Eli Roth's best films yet I find it Scarier and Gorier then Cabin fever. It has a better plot then that film to. This film is one that you will want to watch with the lights out so in order to get the true edge of your seat experience that this film delivers    Because if you watch a horror film during the daytime the effect is less scary I find.I am dissapointed that I had to wait at least 20 minutes on into this film to see the Gory stuff but I guess thats what Suspense is all about.This movie has such a big budget look to it. I like how this film starts out in this happy everythings perfect bright and shinny world but then it winds up    going to a dark scary dungeon place where its really just Survival of the fitest at this point. I first wondered when i first saw this film who will survive and what will be left of them?I like this movie just as much as SAW. They are in alot of ways very simalar films.This a film that makes you question how far will Directors push the envelope in terms of violence but whats great anbout America I find is Freedom of Speach thats why we the audience gets the uncut version of this film that    we so Rightfully deserve. My favorite part of this film is when the Backpacker that gets out alive gets revenge on the sick man that killedhis friend in the Bathroomm stall That scene is really Gory and very well done. I like how  last but not least this film has two ending two choice from.This is a really dark and scary horror film but if your into that like me and now the differene between fantasy and reality this is a must own movie.
0670022950|5.0|Are you strongly religious? This from Pinker's book:  \\"Exodus 22:18:  \\"Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.\\"  French and German witch hunters killed between 60,000 and 100,000 accused witches (85% of them women)during during the 15th and 16th centuries. The executions, usually by burning at the stake, followed an ordeal of torture in which the women confessed to such crimes as eating babies, wrecking ships, destroying crops, flying on broomstick on the Sabbath, copulation with devils, transforming their demon lovers into cats and dogs, and making ordinary men impotent by convincing them that they had lost their penises.\\"<br /><br />This is only a tiny fraction of the unjust violence that man has wrecked upon his fellow man over our history.  This book is a must read.  If every literate human living today read this book, the civilized world could not help but improve by leaps and bounds.  Ignorance is not bliss.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|Well, first of all I have to say this: for being an album that was created into a 2 months deadline... is such a great album indeed.  Maybe is not an explosion of  epic guitar solos or  extreme  rhythm  like ENDGAME but the music is good enough to enjoy for almost a hour!  Th1rt3en is a journey into all Megadeth's Sounds  in the past with a  great touch of moder fresh. that's why this album is so cool. you'll find many colours and textures into the music:  Sudden Death:  Modern Megadeth Sound  Public Enemy No 1: TSHF  Whose life : Modern Megadeth Sound/CW Mix  We the People: CTE  Guns,Drugs & Money: TSHF  NeverDead: EndGame  New World Order: RIP/CTE Mix  FastLine:EndGame/UA Mix  Black Swan:UA  Wreker: Risk (YES! is like seven's style but more agressive and is great!!)  Millenium : Youthanasia  Deadly Nightshade: CW  13: Maybe ...Risk/EndGame mix  Th1rt3en is GREAT!!!!
B005GK6QSO|5.0|Just let me say that The Magnificent is the saviour of Hard Rock.  They have absolutely beautiful songs, with the vocalist of Circus Maximus singing like a god and the guitar playing is beyond awesome. Overall the quality of sound is pristine and will make you enjoy this album from start to finish.  I have listened to it in my home stereo and in the car and let me tell you, this music feels good, positive, empowering and will definitely provide you with pleasurable time. There is no filler here, just killer.
B005KDWUFA|3.0|Il Divo is my favorite singing group, but this album is a disappointment. There was not a single song that I transferred to my mobile device. I think it had to do with the songs selected and arrangements more than anything else. There certainly was nothing wrong with the quality of their voices. Over-all,  this album does not have the popular appeal of the others.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|Loved it! Saw themin Orlando and they were slamming! Best mosh pit ever. My favorite track is The Crawl ... very well constructed song, and not mentioned by most people when talking about the album. The production on the album is the best I have seen on an Anthrax album ... This album and Megadeth's 13 are neck and neck for Metal album of the year ... this half of the big 4 are still kicking for sure!  Thank you for keeping the faith Anthrax!
0307916812|1.0|The product received was nice looking and professionally done, arrived professionally packaged and promptly.  However, the content appeared written by a very young mind, with absolutely now idea about story flow, grammar, and took artistic license to the ridiculous very quickly and very often.  I saw the movie made from the first book (I had not read the first book) and enjoyed the movie, looked forward to the sequel - however this book is trash (in my opinion).  Don't waste your money.
B0041KKYBA|5.0|What a corruption in the Wall street; and what a ignorant in Washington DC. I really wish Obama and the next Republican President candidate have watched this movie before he take office in next term if he want to clean up the mess.
B005XT1XT0|5.0|I was worried that Steel Panther may hit a sophmore slump.  The first album Feel the Steel is so good, I almost expected this one to disappoint.  I am happy to say I was wrong!  This one is just as rockin'.  If you are a fan, then by all means, don't hesitate.  If you don't know what you're getting into...I suggest you do some research first.  Definitely not for everyone.  80's influenced heavy metal with a tongue firmly in cheek and minds happily in the gutter.  Laugh out loud funny AND rocking enough for repeat listening.  But certainly NOT for the easily offended.
B0064742MU|5.0|First off this is an awsome show. Second the other reviewer is entitled to his opinion (1st amendment) and I would agree with him but then we would both be WRONG! Yes their is a twist on the classic fairy tale but that is what makes the show. Stardust Anyone? This is yet another original story line that we should be praising somebody for coming up with. I don't know about the rest of you but I hate the American Idols and Dancing with the starts, and don't even get me going about us having to steal somebody else's creative story becuase we can't write a new original story line. Give me more shows like this any day.
B004FGMDOQ|2.0|I am so glad I borrowed this one from my library and didn't buy it.   This book is an amateur writers failed attempt to build a story around odd found photographs. With so much potential around the source material alone, I was disappointed by the story, the structure and the outcome. It reads very much as though the author was overexcited by an idea and clumsily chases it across the page.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|I have been unhappy with Megadeth's last two offerings, but was very happy to see that the Deth is back with a vengance ... great album, great production - i love the clarity of the instruments in the mix -- and more aggression than we have seen from Dave in awhile ... I can't help but wonder if Junior's presence has reinvigorated the band -- While i expected the guitars to be blazing, i was also amazed by the monster drumming -- 13 will compete with Anthrax for metal album of the year -- at least half of the big 4 have really come back in 2011!    2015 Update: After repeated listenings I think that the Anthrax record took the crown as being strong front to back while with 13 I tend to listen to the first three songs and then switch. These first three tracks 1. Sudden Death, 2. Public Enemy No. 1, 3. Whose Life (Is It Anyways?) stand up to any of the Megadeth's best work, with Public Enemy No. 1 landing on my top ten list. Happy thrashing.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is an excellent album in its own right, and a great Metallica introduction for people new to the group.  As a \\"best of\\" it's pretty damn good too.  The band are in fine form, and the orchestra adds a wonderful layer, without every overpowering.  However, the orchestra are treated with respect, and often get to strut their stuff.  This album is the one I keep going back to.
B004ZN9RWK|5.0|The digitally remastered version of Dark Side of the Moon rocks your floyd pink. The recording and sound quality are excellent. Sounds all most as good as my original vinal LP.
1439130833|5.0|Have one for myself.  Purchased to give as a gift.  Great daily reminders from the book.<br />I use mine and saved each page and have reused it.
B005HV6Y84|5.0|Woo-hoo!!! I cannot wait for Breaking Dawn Part I and the sound track is a good preview for the tone of the movie. LOVE One Step Closer and It Will Rain. Some of the songs will have to grow on me, but I felt the same way about the other three soundtracks. After watching the movie I'll enjoy listening as a reminder to what the characters were doing.
B002T9H2MO|2.0|I would estimate that the main character uses the \\"F\\" word at least 30 times, sometimes in rapid succession.  It got to the point where I was thinking, \\"Okay, okay, I get it; this guy likes to use the \\"F\\" word.  Can we move on to something else now?\\"  In addition to the \\"F\\" word, the main character takes the Lord's name in vain several times.  _______________  Considering the obstacles involved, the idea of putting a man on the moon is not plausible.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy watching this movie.  However, I do not approve of the \\"F\\" word, nor do I approve of astronauts taking the Lord's name in vain.  So I can't give more than 2 stars for my rating.  David Bowie hardly ever uses the \\"F\\" word in his songs.  So I'm not sure where Duncan Bowie picked up the habit.  It probably came from his mother.  Although the main character in this movie has a potty mouth, his robot companion is well mannered and speaks without cussing.  Plus, the robot proves to be a loyal friend to the astronaut.  Unfortunately, the moral or `theme' of this movie is that no matter how great of an example a robot sets for a human, the human will just ignore the robot and act like a jerk anyway.  At one point, the astronaut (Sam) gets caught lying to the robot.  When the robot tries to make sense of the lie, Sam speaks in a condescending tone to the robot, saying, \\"You think too much\\".    In summary:  This movie is for people who enjoy watching spaceman movies and listening to astronauts use the \\"F\\" word repeatedly.  I'd like to see this movie with Neil Armstrong playing the lead role.  (hint, hint).
B0064YKWEA|5.0|I've been skeptical of this show. Too often violence flashes by in clumsy A-Team style shootouts. Too often the characters seem one dimensional and predictable.  The quality of this episode has risen to Emmy territory. Stellar pacing and writing, great performances from Sagal, Perlman, and especially Maggie Siff (who hasn't been given much to work with in the past two seasons). Ryan Hurst (Opie) stands out as well.
B004SBBDB2|5.0|I like this cable because its handy I can just put videos or movies on my iphone and watch them pretty much anywhere.
B004LROUNG|5.0|I became hooked on John Grisham's work when I read \\"The Firm\\", and The Litigators was the most entertaining that I've read in years.  I don't know how he gets me so interested in the characters, as if they were real people actually living in my world.  Well done.
B0001GMIOE|5.0|I will only buy Canon replacement batteries any more. I bought an off brand last time and it only lasted a year before it started going dead and not taking a charge
B005LRWRZ8|2.0|Where do I start with this mess? Perhaps with the entirely unoriginal album title, \\"Th1rt3en.\\" Or maybe with the fact that Dave substituted the numbers \\"1\\" and \\"3\\" for the \\"i\\" and one \\"e\\" in said title, much like any uneducated twerp with an unlimited texting plan on his (or more likely, her) cell phone might do to be \\"hip\\" or \\"cool.\\" Gag me.<br /><br />On the plus side, a title doesn't make or break an album. If the lyrics are good, the riffs are catchy, creative, and vicious in all the right places, and the solos shred then I don't care.<br /><br />Much to my dismay, some (or all) of these things I just mentioned are nowhere to be found on most of the album. Even more distressing is the fact that the three best tracks on the album were b-sides until this album came out. \\"Sudden Death,\\" originally recorded for a Guitar Hero video game and released in September 2010, is an outstanding track (with a killer chorus riff), as are \\"New World Order\\" and \\"Milennium of the Blind,\\" both of which appeared as demos on the remastered version of \\"Youthanasia\\" well over a decade ago. Not surprisingly, these songs are full of solid riffs and quality lyrics. \\"Milennium of the Blind\\" deserves special mention due to it being the best song on the album. Dave expanded it beyond its \\"Youthanasia\\" form, adding a nasty chorus (complete with classic Dave-snarl) and some filthy solos from Broderick, his best on the record. The rest of the album pales in comparison.<br /><br />Unfortunately, many of the songs simply sound like filler; others are just plain bad. \\"Deadly Nightshade\\" and \\"Guns, Drugs, and Money\\" are written in the same vein as most of the \\"Cryptic Writings\\" material (i.e., rather boring and of no resemblance to metal), \\"Whose Life (Is It Anyway)\\" is one enormous, uninteresting, bad pun, and \\"We the People\\" is the one mandatory political mess that seems to force itself onto every recent Megadeth album (think \\"Amerikhistan\\" and \\"Bite the Hand\\"). \\"Public Enemy No. 1\\" contains Dave's laziest lyrics to date; the entire song is unoriginal and bland, not to mention the verse riff is lifted from a Queensryche song. Even worse, the lyrics to \\"Wrecker\\" are so bad they're beyond further comment. While tracks such as \\"Never Dead\\" (the most thrashy one on the disc) and the title track are entertaining, they ultimately lack something to push them into the realm of greatness, whether that something be a vicious riff or a beastly solo.<br /><br />Fittingly, it would seem, Dave has given us thirteen tracks on his thirteenth album. Though I usually compliment artists for putting more material on their albums, I have to disagree with the decision here: too many of the riffs, lyrics, and solos on \\"Th1rt3en\\" are subpar. Dave would have been better off scrapping half the tracks and focusing on improving the remaining songs. Broderick needs to seriously reconsider his approach to writing solos as well- as other reviewers have stated, he can shred as well as anyone, but his solos don't fit the songs very well. Worst of all, Ellefeson's glorious return to Megadeth is crippled by a poor bass mix. Even through my high quality speakers I struggle to find him on many of the songs, though I have to admit I also expected more exciting bass lines from him. From what I do hear, he isn't doing anything very exciting.<br /><br />Essentially, this album caters to fans of releases such as \\"Cryptic Writings\\" and (dare I say) \\"Risk.\\" The taste of metal Dave gave us on \\"Endgame\\" is nowhere to be found, and it's a shame because that was a great album. When Dave blamed Roadrunner for pressuring him to write more accessible material, I believed him. When he said he would rather write the music he wants to and be able to look himself in the mirror every morning, I believed him. When the track list to \\"Th1rt3en\\" was released, I began to worry a bit, and when I heard it, I was let down. If this is truly what you want to write, Dave, then more power to you. Just don't advertise it asmetal, or as a culmination of your previous work, because all I hear is late 90's Megadeth that isn't even done as well as it was back then. I really wanted to like this album, but apart from a handful of tracks, I just can't. Hopefully Megadeth will step it up next time around.because all I hear is late 90's Megadeth that isn't even done as well as it was back then. I really wanted to like this album, but apart from a handful of tracks, I just can't. Hopefully Megadeth will step it up next time around.
0446547654|3.0|Nicholas Sparks delivers another tear-jerker as always. This one is an indication of his new pattern he's setting for himself with more mystery and action in place of fluff.
B004GJDQT8|2.0|I really enjoy the way that the iPhone setup is, to allow them to see the deal of the day and the lightening round deals. I don't understand why they are unable/unwilling to add that feature to the Android app.
B006470HZ6|3.0|Yeah. Last ep. preceding Cherokee Rose was much better ( love what they did with Shane's character in that one!) And he dressed up in Otis's clothes- which is thoroughly creepy all by itself.  However, this ep manages to insert at least one highly ridiculous and moronic plot point involving Glenn. Is there any \\"plan\\" this kid won't acquiesce to? My respect for his character almost dropped down to the well bottom with him, and no juvenile and gratuitous sex scene was going to undo the damage.  A selfless risk-taker? Ok. A stupid selfless risk-taker? C'mon.   But more importantly than all the rest lies this burning question: Will Daryl ever bathe?
B005BDZN62|5.0|There are known issues on this blu ray release. The studio says it will fix the problems ONLY in future manufacturing. Don't buy this one right away. It's a great film and it's opening moments were accidentally mutilated by the blu ray mfr. I am surprised a mass distributor like Amazon is moving forward and shipping this bad pressing.
B004OWPWEO|5.0|Just got this 2 days ago and it's outstanding.<br />This is not for the casual fan, it's for the hard core Bruce fanatics, like me.<br />As other reviewers have stated, this performance pre-dates BTR by 6 months.  It's a revelation to hear the songs that have not even come out yet.  Jungleland and \\"Thunder Road\\" will undergo changes in the coming months, but are still unbelievable as is.  I will say this though, the tweaks that Bruce made to these songs made them better still.<br />The show is so well balanced and displays how great Bruce commanded the stage even 36 years ago.  I cannot say enough about this performance.<br />Also, some people forget what a great guitarist Bruce is now that he has 2 great ones playing with him all the time.  Listen to his performance on Saint, it's fantastic!<br />Don't even think about it, just buy this concert.
630463949X|1.0|Under language it says German with English subtitles.It should be a little clearer than that. It should be in the product description
B004W2UBYW|1.0|After reading Steve Jobs biography, my conclusion is that the author didn't make an effort to really understand or show what made Jobs special in the first place.  I agree with many readers comments that this book is rather incomplete and not so well organized. Be aware that there is little or none Steve Jobs wisdom to be found on this book.  I still don't understand why the author failed to go deeper into Steve Jobs' mind.  One example of this is when Jobs had a conversation with Larry Page (Google's CEO) about how to become a better CEO, how to hire people, etc.  And surprisingly the author didn't ask Jobs a simple question like: Could you explain to rest of us in details how to become a better a CEO?  How are we suppose to hire people?  Sometimes I had the impression that the author was just afraid to ask Jobs the hot burning  questions (probably he didn't want to get fired).  If you want to save your time instead of reading this book, I would recommend you to watch a PBS documentary called Triumph of the Nerds, that summarizes in a clever way the inception and development of the PC industry till 1995 (it includes interviews with Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak and some Apple employees). Another recommendation is to watch or read Steve Jobs interviews on All Things Digital, Businessweek or Wired  I can imagine Steve Job's view on this book with his favorite three words: T. I. S.
0739366416|4.0|In The Audacity of Hope, released in 2006, then-Senator Barack Obama outlines his ideas to improve America while also sharing some of his personal and political journeys.<br /><br />Disclaimers - I listened to the abridged audio version, which drops the chapter \\"The World Beyond Our Borders\\" at the least, and probably parts of the other chapters. In addition, I voted for Obama in 2008 and plan to again in 2012. Consider this review in those lights.<br /><br />A large part of The Audacity of Hope is spent discussing Obama's vision about how to address problems facing America. He tackles the economy, health care, the environment, racial issues, immigration, partisanship, and other issues. I found myself agreeing with his views and his solutions for the most part, which was no surprise, since I voted for him, as noted above. These parts of the book will really only do much for you if you agree with him. If you weren't convinced to vote for him in 2008 by his presidential campaign, this book probably isn't going to change your mind. Personally, I found myself wishing that the political environment was such that he could put more of his ideas into practice.<br /><br />The other major themes of the book are more personal. These include his political campaigns for state and national offices and his relationship with his family. I enjoyed these parts of the book, as Obama can tell a good campaign tale, and the stories about his early Senate experiences are interesting. The discussion of his family, often framed as it relates to the changing dynamics of America families in general, is also insightful. Sharing how his non-traditional upbringing shaped him and his challenges to find a balance in his professional and family life with a working wife and children help bring out his other important roles as husband, father, and son that readers can identify with more than being a junior Senator from Illinois.<br /><br />As noted, I listened to the abridged audio version, which Obama reads himself. A talented speaker, Obama delivers the book well and keeps the narrative entertaining and brisk. The abridgement was smooth, and I didn't notice any holes in the flow of the book. I don't normally go for abridged versions, but in this case, I made an exception to listen to Obama's reading.<br /><br />The Audacity of Hope is a good book for those wanting to learn more about Obama, but it probably won't change any minds, especially five years after publication. How much you'll enjoy the book will probably have a strong correlation with your party registration.ama delivers the book well and keeps the narrative entertaining and brisk. The abridgement was smooth, and I didn't notice any holes in the flow of the book. I don't normally go for abridged versions, but in this case, I made an exception to listen to Obama's reading.  The Audacity of Hope is a good book for those wanting to learn more about Obama, but it probably won't change any minds, especially five years after publication. How much you'll enjoy the book will probably have a strong correlation with your party registration.
B002KKCWLS|5.0|My old Nike sandal was no longer available, so I tried this one.  I wanted something made without leather and that could get wet without harm.  Great price for a Teva, at less than $50 including shipping and arrived on time.  I didn't have to break them in, they were comfortable right out of the box.  This is a great sandal!
B000SMWUPS|5.0|This is seriously one of my favorite products, and the most useful, that I've ever bought.  Ours is now several years old and I rotate it amongst my strollers, so that I have it on the stroller that I'm going to be using that day.  It just occurred to me that I should really buy a second one!  I live in Paris (France, not Texas :-)), and very often someone will ask me where I bought it because it's unusual here!  I like that it can go on any type of stroller handlebar, since we have both kinds--a bar across and separate handles--and the velcro is still holding up though I attach & detach it frequently.  I also like that the cup holder partitions are flexible, so that if I want to put something \\"big\\" in the center pocket, and only have one drink that day instead of two, the partition can fold the other way and the center space is bigger.  I really recommend this product, and can't say enough good things about it.
0307477479|4.0|I pondered for a long time if I should give it 4 or 5 stars. In an ideal world, I would have given it 4.5 stars.<br /><br />It's a wonderful and unusual work of genius with a terrible title. I was intellectually and emotionally smitten by this book and I highly recommend it to all the 'smart people in the room.'<br /><br />It's a `concept novel' or better yet, a commentary of the fabric of life and time and how each of us plays in and out our friends' lives. A literary case study of Aristotle's saying that character becomes destiny. It is everything the Best Movie at Cannes this year, The Tree of Life, directed by Terrence Mallik, set up to achieve and failed.<br /><br />I think Ms. Egan is the new Norman Mailer of our generation, only much better. Her intellect and imagination are superior, - not to mention an understated moral quality that shines through at all big classics, such as Goethe or Tolstoy or Dostoyevski - and her writing is often worth 6 or 10 stars, instead of the maximum 5 stars allowed by Amazon. Many sentences were so amazing and insightful that they literally gave me the chills.<br /><br />Then why did I only give it 4 stars? The book starts wonderfully, and I couldn't put it down until the 9th chapter. Unfortunately, by the 10th chapter of Ms. Egan's novel, my interest suddenly flagged: as if I had realized what the book was all about, the style, the ideas, the concept, the writer's genius, and I was full and unable to take another chapter. I did however read until the last chapter, to see how it closed the book, and it does so masterfully.  So in the end I managed to read those middle three chapters, but it felt like a big effort.<br /><br />The 9th to 12 chapter should have really soared much higher in this 13 chapter novel, and offered some sort of powerful climax. Yet, this critical portion of the book felt somewhat tiresome and flat.  Ms, Egan aimed high in style, in the 'how' - with all the emails and powerpoints - not in dramatic substance, in the 'what'.<br /><br />I believe that when all is said and done, a 5 stars book should be a page turner 'trip' that holds the dramatic tension evenly. Maybe I am wrong, and perhaps I am....I still adored this book and fell love and in awe with Ms. Egan as an author.<br /><br />Finally, kudos for the Pulitzer Committee, in my honest opinion, this is the first book they awarded in a long time that deserved the top Prize.<br /><br />Great work Ms. Egan! Congratulations!
1423140591|5.0|Rick continues the Percy Jackson series and keeps the pace up. A fun read with lovable and realistic characters. I love where this series is going and cant wait for the next book!
0316286869|4.0|This book is well written and very comprehensive. What it is not, however, is a true How-To book. If you are looking for a book that will tell you step by step how to achieve a particular look, this may not be the book you're looking for. If you're looking for an excellent textbook-style makeup tutorial that will explain to you the differences and benefits of loose powder eyeshadow or cream eyeshadow, figuring out the perfect foundation for your skin type, and how to contour and highlight your features, then you've more hit the mark.<br /><br />In the middle of the book there are some \\"transformations\\" with picture guides, featuring women of all ages, skin types and looks. In the back you'll find a real treat: some absolutely fabulous how-tos for classic and dramatic looks, some of which are wearable and some of which you'll save for a special occasion. The photography for the book is really splendid, too.<br /><br />Really glad I added this to my reference collection. Thank you Kevin Aucoin!
B004EPZ07U|3.0|So-So ...  I was a little surprised that The Green Lantern character was played a little too humorous and corny at times. I think it would have been a better movie had it been played straight.
B003Y5H5AG|3.0|I'm not going to lie to you- this movie was a bit of a pain to watch. It's not a surprise that I'm not a big Smurf fan. That said, the group of kids I watched it with loved it. They thought it was an amazing film. You might not think that. But the little blue guys have staying power.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1JZ36WBGDSF52]]Talk about using this cooler on a 2600K @ 4.5GHz.
B003L77FYS|5.0|These are great, mystery, love, comedy, suspence, you name it, it's got it.  I have all three seasons and I love them all.
B005D0RDKW|4.0|The Time Machine tour was highlighted by the celebration of the Moving Pictures's CD 30th Anniversary. The band played the entire cd at the beginning of the second set. Also they decided to play back some songs that have not been play for a long time, like \\"Marathon\\" and \\"Time Stand Still\\". For the first time, we can hear the song \\"Presto\\", live. The rest of the set contains classics songs covering all the decades, including the two new songs; \\"BU2B\\" and Caravan\\". The playing of the entire Moving Pictures cd was a opportunity to hear for the first time in 30 years, \\"Camera Eye\\". But at the same time, we have to endure again the same songs that the bands put on all his tours, i am talking about \\"Tom Sawyer\\" and \\"Limelight\\", who are favorites among the majority of fans, but not for me. The two new songs are not great songs, but had to be put on the set list here.  For the performance, the band was full of energy, happy to be there, if we take a look at the cameras that was catching the looks and funny faces that each member through at each other, especially obvious in the song \\"Free Will\\", with Neil and Alex. The editing filming is excellent by giving us some camera shots at the right spot and at the right moment.  The picture quality on the Blu-Ray is very good, maybe not as good as Snakes and Arrows, but this is not a issue here. The DTS-HD sound is excellent with a full surround sound and a clear mix of all instruments. As for the extras, it's rather short and not memorable. I would have prefer to see more recent footage instead of some old archives stuff where the picture quality is poor, like they did on Snakes and Arrows.  So this Blu-Ray is excellent, because it's made by a great band that have survived together all these years with a impeccable musicianship. I can only be a little fussy about the set list, that's what happened when you listen too much to a band's music... Recommended!
1579128149|5.0|This book is more than just a book.  From page one, it is an active, engaging exploration of the world around us, inviting the reader to see everyday items just a bit differently.  We first purchased this book three years ago, and we've always found it interesting, but when my seventh grade daughters started a unit about chemistry in their science class, this book came back off the shelf.  My twelve-year-old daughters were much more fascinated than they had been at age nine, and the elemental stories they each wrote for school had snippets of explosions (sodium in water), floating aluminum (on a pool of mercury),  and even a radioactive banana (potassium).<br /><br />The author makes me think of Doc Brown from Back to the Future... but Theodore Gray meticulously documented his exploration of the scientific world in a way that can be appreciated by many.  He does have samples of virtually every element, and you can view the stunning images in this book or at [...]  This website is produced by the author, and beyond just this book, it allows the viewer to rotate many samples.<br /><br />For any budding scientist - or anybody who enjoys reading of the world around in a new way - this book is a must!  Our copy is soft cover, and it is lovely, but this hard cover copy through Amazon is stunning.  After their element stories at school were finished, my daughters and I decided we needed to order this for their science teacher.  It ended up being an unexpected birthday gift, and with the Christmas season approaching, it could just be a gift you are looking for.  I could see this book being appreciated by readers age 8-98.<br /><br />I used to find the periodic table of elements rather boring and sterile, but thanks to Theodore Gray, that is no longer the case.  Take a look inside the covers of this tome, and I think you'll agree.
B000JMKNV0|4.0|i really like this book, although i never finished it, but my husband liked hearing me read it aloud, and the writing style is very intense, you can really picture it all in your head.  i like it alot and hope i get to finish it someday.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1CS7S4BEA40GJ]]Talk about the chip and overclocking.
B003L5BRXK|5.0|I think that this is one of the Rolling Stones best albums. That is why I downloaded it.  You like the stones? Buy it you like it.
0446541478|5.0|Start Up Nation helps us realize that Israel is a unique country. While we all think about \\"the conflict\\" as Israel's central issue, in fact, Israel should really be thought of as an economic and cultural miracle. The entrepreneurship coming out of this tiny country is amazing and could be considered its central theme. This book illustrates that well.
B004EPZ07U|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie in spite of the reviewers comments.  I grew up with DC comics and thought that this movie brought the comic to life.  I try to buy a DVD or Bluray disc with a digital copy.  The digital copy service, flixster, was a Hugh disappointment.  After several tries at downloading the movie, it finally took me to iTunes to download the movie.  Unfortunately, I was charged for the download.  I realize that some studios dislike iTunes but frankly it is my preferred download site and I will no longer buy unless the it is a iTunes download.  Amazon now owes me the cost of the download.  The four star rating is for the movie.  The download service gets a negative four stars.
0385534639|5.0|One of the best books I have read in a very long time.  I have never read such a magical   story.  I enjoyed it so much I bought the book for my daughter and sent it to her. I   plan to read it again as soon as I can.  It is that good.    The story weaves in and out of the past, present and future and is seamless.    Experience the circus of dreams and delights.  Do not miss this story.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|This novel is absolutely addicting! I'm having a hard time finding a new book to read to follow this one with. I could not stop reading. I stopped only to sleep and eat (and use the little girls room, of course).  The magic of the characters and of the circus itself is completely absorbing. I didn't get the 2nd person chapters, at first, but I even grew to appreciate those as they gave me a first-hand feel of the circus, as if I was really there. And I would love to actually go to this circus.  The circus is called \\"Le Cirque des Reves\\" and the author does an amazing job creating a dream-like experience throughout the entire novel.   The characters are interesting and intriguing, the plot is riveting, and the ending is perfect.   I love the theme of dreams vs. Waking life and hands-on learning vs. Book learning.   I saw another reader complaining about unanswered questions, especially surrounding some of the characters, but I think that aspect contributes to the whole theme and tone of the book. Dreams and waking life leave us with unanswered questions. Do we truly know everything about the people in our own lives? No. A little leftover mystery gives you more room to think about and appreciate people. I don't necessarily think the nature of literature is to answer all of the readers questions, I think it is the opposite- literature should leave the reader with questions to think about. It gives them new questions they've never even considered before. And this book does all of that.  I am in love with this novel and can't wait for a second book from Erin Morgenstern, or maybe, hopefully, a sequel? Hint, hint, miss Morgenstern. Thank you for this beautiful story.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|alarm works great, plenty of different tones available. option to lightly increase volume of alarm is amazing. all around great product!
B003ZSJ212|1.0|...No, he's got a whole set of china!  He has butchered this set with a slew of disjointed, insipid CG effects.  It's so bad, Triumph the insult comic dog wouldn't even poop on it.
B005K0HDGE|1.0|I can understand that you cant do enhanced on the Kindle, but really you cant watch it on a pc. That's just stupid. It's time that they give us new sofewear. I 've got a itouch and  will have to watch on that, it's just seems like a way to get us go buy more crap. Oh, also read that the new fire won't play enhanced e books also. BUT you can play movies on it! what gives.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Really well done &amp; stable. Includes a nice hour-by-hour weather clock. Tons of settings to personalize, including alerts for weather warnings &amp; earthquakes. Can set multiple locations.
B004EPZ07K|3.0|2011's \\"Green Lantern\\" sadly joins a long list of dismal big-ticket, blockbuster superhero film failures, and the reasons that this film went so wrong are familiar: an over-reliance on special effects, leading to directorial lapses (letting actors turn in weak performances, figuring the sparkly lights will make up for it), as well as a profound misreading of the heroic Hal Jordan/Green Lantern character (he's a heroic stud, not a stumbling, nebbishy goof-up...) and poor pacing, in which any genuine dramatic tension is lost in a flood of poorly explained, unengaging special effects.  More than anything else, the film is seemingly inevitable Hollywood write-by-committee kiss of death: too much, too fast. Instead of crafting a simple origin-story narrative in which we meet Green Lantern and he defeats his first super-foe, the script compresses together several major themes that the original DC Comics series took decades to create. Oh no, it's not enough for GL to get superpowers and have a big epic battle, we also have to tie the first film into whatever major events are taking place in the Green Lantern books of today: his newfound self-doubt, the cosmic battles involving the GL Corps and the Parallax monster (which was kind of boring in this version), the existence of different-colored power rings, etc etc etc etc. They throw too much at their audience at once, and give up too many potential future stories (and sequels).  I think the goal for comic-based movie franchises should be to make a series of films with **smaller, simpler** story arcs, one movie after another, the same way the comics are produced. Making the first movie cover so much territory is tiresome and makes the movies too cluttered and dramatically flawed. Enough already.  Same thing happened to the X-Men, Spider-man, the Hulk, Daredevil, Batman, etc.  These films make money, but they could be much, much better and more enjoyable as well.   But, of course, nobody ever asks for my opinion about these things.    One bright spot: actor Peter Sarsgaard turned in a deliciously perverse performance as the icky, villanous super-baddie Hector Hammond... He seems to be the only actor in the entire film who wanted to do anything more creative than cashing a paycheck. Too bad they were so quick to kill his character off in the first film. (See comments above.) (Axton)
B004FRX0MY|5.0|Excellent app. The music store has tons of music. Haven't looked for a song they didn't have. But the cloud player alone is worth 5 stars. Put your music in the cloud and then stream your OWN music from anywhere with internet access. Amazing!
B00008RH3L|3.0|Eddie Dane, played by J. E. Freeman, is a smart, ruthless lieutenant to one of the mob bosses in this film, and he is not the main character.  But long before this film was half over I had pretty much settled on \\"The Dane\\" as the one character I liked, primarily because he's one of the few characters in the film who seems real enough to suit me.  In other words, he doesn't seem like some Hollywood scriptwriter's idea of what a quirky droll parody of a gangster should be like.  Which pretty describes everybody else in this film.<br /><br />Okay, Albert Finney does a fine job, for what little we see of him, and the rest of the cast does too, but the material they're handed in terms of script really just does not belong in the same league as Godfather and Goodfellas, two films which do what they do with very few missteps, if any.<br /><br />Now the whole point of Miller's Crossing is Tom Reagan, played by Gabriel Byrne.  He's albert Finney's top lieutenant.  But what's he up to, really?  Why does he do what he does?  I mean, he does kill a guy, not in self-defense, but does that make him a good bad-guy, or a bad bad-guy, or some guy who walks a fine line, or just a guy who has a low tolerance for being messed with more than once?  Maybe he's got one of those personal \\"codes\\" of honor that explains everything.  I'm not really sure.  But I've only watched the film once, so who knows?<br /><br />I compare this film to Sin City because it frequently leans toward exaggeration.  The dialogue given to Johnny Caspar, gamely played by Jon Polito, is one long excursion into monomanical burlesque.  All we need is Tony Sopranos' inclination for malapropisms, or a few words of wisdom from Paulie Walnuts.  What we get instead is something like a battalion of cops knocking over a speakeasy with a little help from a firebomb and an actual tripod-mounted military grade machine gun.  Yes, that actually does happen in this film.  And the mayor and chief of police, more than not, remind me of Commissioner Gordon and Chief O'Hara from the old Batman tv series, except that Commissioner Gordon would have been a bit too earnest for Miller's Crossing.<br /><br />And nearly everywhere he goes Eddie Dane is compelled to remark on all the people \\"cracking wise\\" like regular smart alecks.  It's another thing I like about the guy.  I mean, let's face it, a guy like Sammy Gravano didn't become the underboss of one of the most powerful families in America by lighting up a room with his gallows wit.  Mostly he did it by making lots of money for the people above him.  From time to time he probably also did things to suggest to people that he didn't like being used for a doormat.  And, sure, Eddie Dane gets down and dirty, and utterly brutal, but that's what he's supposed to do.  That's who he is.  It's who he SHOULD be.  That's why I respect him as a character.<br /><br />Tom Reagan, by comparison, just kind of wanders through the film, and he says and does a few things to manipulate people, and in the end I'm still wondering just why did he go to all the trouble?<br /><br />Well, this is a movie that begins with a character who spends a couple of minutes telling us what happened to upset the status quo among people.  That's usually a bad sign.  Because as nearly every beginning writer will tell you one of the cardinal rules of fiction is to show, don't tell.  If somebody gets robbed, let the reader, or the audience, see that person getting robbed.  Don't start out with the victim filling out a police report.<br /><br />Okay, it's a pretty decent movie.  I just didn't like it all that much.hief O'Hara from the old Batman tv series, except that Commissioner Gordon would have been a bit too earnest for Miller's Crossing.  And nearly everywhere he goes Eddie Dane is compelled to remark on all the people \\"cracking wise\\" like regular smart alecks.  It's another thing I like about the guy.  I mean, let's face it, a guy like Sammy Gravano didn't become the underboss of one of the most powerful families in America by lighting up a room with his gallows wit.  Mostly he did it by making lots of money for the people above him.  From time to time he probably also did things to suggest to people that he didn't like being used for a doormat.  And, sure, Eddie Dane gets down and dirty, and utterly brutal, but that's what he's supposed to do.  That's who he is.  It's who he SHOULD be.  That's why I respect him as a character.  Tom Reagan, by comparison, just kind of wanders through the film, and he says and does a few things to manipulate people, and in the end I'm still wondering just why did he go to all the trouble?  Well, this is a movie that begins with a character who spends a couple of minutes telling us what happened to upset the status quo among people.  That's usually a bad sign.  Because as nearly every beginning writer will tell you one of the cardinal rules of fiction is to show, don't tell.  If somebody gets robbed, let the reader, or the audience, see that person getting robbed.  Don't start out with the victim filling out a police report.  Okay, it's a pretty decent movie.  I just didn't like it all that much.
B0002LMLSQ|5.0|Some may recognize track number 12 \\"Nuvole bionche\\" from a timelapse video that shows the Milky Way galaxy atop a Spanish mountain. This is how I discovered \\"Una mattina\\".  The beauty of this album matches the beauty of that video (if you haven't seen it, it's called \\"The Mountain\\". Absolutely beautiful video). The recording quality is excellent, and the music is beautiful and compelling. This is the perfect album to listen to in the car during traffic. It certainly helps calm my road rage!  The ONLY complaint I have is that some of the songs are a little repetitive, though not drastically.  I highly recommend \\"Una mattina\\" to anyone who appreciates piano music or needs a little relaxation in their lives.
B004ZN9NCY|3.0|I'm a big Pink Floyd fan. I also happen to really like Ummagumma. Especially the live album. Which I believe are the definitive versions of all four songs. Ummagumma was in desperate need of a remaster though as the sonics were fair if I'm being kind. I had very high expectations for the remaster. I had heard the improvements that the 2011 remasters did to DSotM, Meddle, Animals, and The Wall. I was hoping for similar sonic bliss.   I have to say that I was a bit disappointed. The noise floor is still much higher than what I would like. I understand that maybe the master tapes themselves could be in poor shape but that still doesn't dampen my enthusiasm.   If you've never heard Ummagumma before I think this is the version you need to pick up. If you already have Ummagumma on the previous CD then, however, I might hold off. It's a 4 star album that I'm giving 3 stars for the remaster not meeting my (possibly lofty) expectations.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Awesome! I was so happy I could find the movie in the Italian version. It also has subtitles and has an english audio version as well. It was delivered really quickly.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|Bought this to use with the Dream On Me double umbrella stroller, and it worked great.  No problems with the cup holders, and room for random stuff.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|My 4 year old loves this movie. We have it on VHS but the quality is...well...VHS. This movie looks 1000 times better on Blue Ray/DVD. It's much more colorful, especially in the darker scenes at the beginning when they are setting up the tent in the rain. It's nice to have this movie on high def.
B003R0MEZ4|5.0|They loved the movie. I bought it as a gift. Came in on time and in good condition, just like its suppose to.
B003EYVXUU|5.0|After seeing this movie it immediately became my favorite of all time. Everything about it, from the story to the acting to the musical score, is amazing. I cant recomend it enough. Everyone I have watched it with likes it. A remake that outshines the original. I know that rarely happens but in this case its true!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|it started glitching out &amp; freeezing only on certain levels. I cant fix it unless I uninstall/reinstall this losing all saved game info.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|Played on my Samsung Vibrant. It was simple enough to pick up and start. Problem is I would get stuck playing for hours til my phone battery went dead. The game does provide a level of customization with characters, i.e. merit points &amp; tablets, but the problem is you only have access to three characters for 99% of the game. But those are game mechanics so you can't really fuss about it too much. I have to say I throughly enjoyed playing the game. According to my save I invested at least 13 hours into it.
B006470HZ6|4.0|I felt I had to write a review as a lot of the people who posted reviews were too negative on the episode. It presented clear plot movement and things to think about during the season. Yes, I would love to see more zombies, but for a long standing show we have to care more about the characters and more has to happen to their lives. Not going to give anything away, but there are at least three key events in this episode that in future episodes you would wish you had witnessed.   Why people are giving up on the show I have no idea.
0393316041|5.0|I was in college when I found out this book existed. That was the same time I found out Feynman existed. Not being much for the physical sciences, I still have only a basic understanding of what Feynman accomplished in the world of physics. I only knew of it because it sat on my roommate's bookshelf and he insisted it was a good read, even for a person not as interested in physics as my roommate was. So I gave it a shot. This book really revolutionized my own thinking. Here was a man who, as the almost-as-mandatory follow-up book's title suggests, doesn't care what other people think. He saw the value of life, knew what he wanted to get out of his, and did so, all while having lots of fun and simultaneously becoming (apparently) one of the most heralded physicists of our time. This is a unique book because it is an autobiographical volume about a fascinating man who happened to be a physicist. Read it.
B004LROMSO|5.0|So far this is a very good series.  I have not had time to see the whole season, but on the holidays I am sure I will have the time.  I love stories like  this dvd.
158510423X|5.0|Excellent teaching material. I use it in my latin classes for children from 11 to 15 years old. They learn it easily and they love the book. The grammar on each section is repeated a lot on the text without being bored. The book has three kind of exercises in which they learn grammar on meaningful phrases. One of the exercises (there are always three exercises for each chapter) makes students read questions about the text and answer them in Latin. That really improve their ability on reading, writing and even speaking Latin. Although the text book has exercises enough I recommend to use the exercise book [[ASIN:1585102121 Lingua Latina: Pars I--Exercitia Latina I (Pt. 1, No. 1)]] along with the text book, so that declinations and conjugations will be well memorized without those tables. Nothing against tables, the book brings them as well. Another excellent thing: the vocabulary index only refers words to the text so that memorizing the meaning of the word is always connected with the context.
B001VZY4MS|5.0|Worth every penny! The studio version of 'The Loner' alone is worth it as far as I am concerned. Carol Kaye on bass!
B004G600A4|5.0|The DVD Tangled arrived promptly and I viewed right away and found it quite charming and humorous.   The plot is set in the Middle Ages and involves a wicked witch who snatches an enchanted newborn girl.  The witch raises it as her own child and uses the babe's enchantment skills to prolong her own beauty   and  life. When a stranger gains entrance into the witch's secret abode he meets up with the babe now grown  up and very bored. She (Rapunzal) wants to observe the king's candle balloon festival held yearly. All works  out well in the end and Rapunzal and her guest (an honest thief) marry and she finds her real parents (the king and queen)  who hold the festival in hopes of finding their lost daughter.  Youngsters of all ages will love this Disney picture inspite of  some bad reviews by some vicious critics.
B005XOPEOU|5.0|I love reading reviews where people talk about the mastering or the audio quality and totally miss the entire point.  It's on purpose.  Part of the sound and done for a reason.  It separates this album from all the other albums.  You have to reach out and do weird things sometimes.  Its called art.  I'll never understand why there's a star rating system for art.  You can find 10 people who will review 10 different things all differently.  Its ridiculous.  Something might not be for you, but your 1 star is easily my 5 star or whatever.  So skip the star part and just say you like it or not.  Coldplay is a band to cherish.  They're good role models, quiet guys, very sincere.  So go back and listen to some other radio garbage that you love.
0345529057|5.0|they are intact and they look good.  i mean..really good.  Hey everyone, come see how good they look!  Great deal for all of these books and they were wrapped up and in primo condition.  could not be happier
B0052GACNM|5.0|I love tony Bennett n I really love the singers he picked to do a duet with , I was right its a great album . If you want to hear great music get this album.
B0034G4P4O|3.0|Steven Speilberg's very association with a movie is reason enough for one to watch it. The man never ceases to surprise and enthrall. I watched this movie at PVR today - the cramped up seats notwithstanding the movie is a masterpiece of technological brilliance, moreso for someone who has recently suffered Ra.One. The quality of animation is painstakingly meticulous, the characterisation endearing BUT, (yes, there is a BUT even in this movie) there is something amiss. Something which is the difference between good and classic. I think it is the scale of the climax, which perhaps fails to create the denouement that the movie deserved and was expected of Speilberg. Even so, it is a movie worth watching. Rating 3.5/5
B005ELQVGW|4.0|The main complaints I read about this album seem to be that it is nothing like the hit records she produced 10 or 15 years ago and that the music is \\"unlistenable\\" in many ways.  I wonder if the people with these complaints are still approaching Bjrk as a pop musician, and not for the classically trained composer she has been all along?  This album, most would agree is not a pop album by far.  Electronic music, yes, but not pop.  To me the music of this album really highlights the modern, classical side of Bjrk that has always played some role in her music, but has only recently become more prominent as she has gotten older.  I interpret much of this album as modern classical music with an electronic twist.  Songs like Dark Matter and Hollow remind me of composers like Stravinsky and some of his contemporaries who were often misunderstood and deemed \\"unlistenable\\" in their day as well.  Part of Bjrk's appeal to me is her innovativeness and how she forces you to wrap your head around her work.  For her to keep spoon-feeding us albums consisting of the tired, 4/4 verse-chorus-verse-chorus style pop songs would be disappointing and boring.  As Bjrk has matured, so has her music, and she is not writing it to be pretentious or purposely abstract just to be \\"artsy\\".  I think she just has a lot of crazy, creative ideas that are so new for some people that they have a hard time understanding and enjoying it.  I think this album is a gem.  The music may be a bit understated, but I think that's how she wanted it.  Stark and mysterious.  Even aside from the apps, residency-tour, and all the extra facets, this album stands strong on its own, in my opinion.  It may take time to sink in, but only if you approach it with an open mind, and appreciate Bjrk as the seasoned composer she is and not the spontaneous pop artist she used to be.  Try meditating to this album instead of dancing.
0688014291|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo9QG31UF8M397]]The One Minute Manager series is outstanding. This is the book that started it all. Back in the early 1980s, it was believed that two books would revolutionize the business world.  The One Minute Manager is one of those two books; In Search of Excellence is the other one.<br /><br />This is a quaint little talk that takes the reader on a visit to a highly effective manager's office where this manager, the One Minute Manager, teaches a young man how to be an effective manager.<br /><br />The book teaches common sense management techniques that weren't so common back in the 1980s. When this book was published in 1982, there were no real business books that were written for the average reader. Most management books were dry textbooks and there were very few good ones.<br /><br />If you are a manager, or hope to become one, you should add this book to your reading list. Even if management is not in your plans for your future it is a worthwhile read.<br /><br />In looking at some of the earlier comments on Amazon.com, I noticed that some people did not read the parts of the book where it is stated that it doesn't really take only a minute. The idea is to manage effectively without spending a great deal of time doing the same things over and over again.<br /><br />For those readers who have been to college, think back to which professors actually taught you something.  Did you learn the most from the teacher who spoon-fed you the answers that would be on the next test or did you learn from the teacher who caused you to think and come up with your own answers?  For those who believe this is a book that tells managers how to get their underlings to do their work, you  missed the point.<br /><br />If you give a man a fish, you feed him for a day.  If you teach a man how to fish, you feed him for life.  In this book the potential one minute manager learns that if you solve your underlings' problems, you help them today.  If you teach an underling how to break their problems down and solve them, you help them solve their problems for life.<br /><br />For those who feel that the book is simplistic, you need to realize that this is the idea of the book. It is meant to convey a basic management technique in a book that can be read in one sitting. It is not meant to be full of dry research data. It is meant for the average manager to be able to read and still keep up with their busy schedule.<br /><br />I feel like this book is well worth the money it costs. I have several copies in my collection.to break their problems down and solve them, you help them solve their problems for life.<br /><br />For those who feel that the book is simplistic, you need to realize that this is the idea of the book. It is meant to convey a basic management technique in a book that can be read in one sitting. It is not meant to be full of dry research data. It is meant for the average manager to be able to read and still keep up with their busy schedule.<br /><br />I feel like this book is well worth the money it costs. I have several copies in my collection.
0062060554|5.0|Best mystery I've read in a long, long time.  You will read this book in one sitting.  I couldn't put it down!
0783228317|5.0|I bought this movie for my brother as a joke because he was leaving for Vegas for a few weeks on business, and had never been there. I can't honestly tell you if its a good movie, but it seems like an \\"oldie but goodie\\".
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Awesome keyboard. I really like how you can set it to focus on correcting mistakes instead of guessing. Also, yaay halloween orange :-) it's the little things.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|It was cheaper than Walmart, and I didnt have to wait super long to get it. I am happy to be an Amazon.com shopper.
B005LRWRZ8|2.0|After Endgame, I thought they were back in form, and I saw the last tour where they did RIP and thought it was damn good too.But...This cd is just boring,plowing through the songs, no memorable riffs or ensemble playing,and mostly trite lyrics.What a shame to not take advantage of all the chop potential the lineup has...It doesn't hold a candle to Anthrax's Worship Music as far as new releases by veteran bands go,or Motorhead's The World Is Yours for that matter...this onejust doesn't connect emotionally, much like Iron Maiden's Final Frontier.
B0034G4P8A|4.0|After worrying it would not get here in time for my sons birthday. It did get here and I was very happy .
B005K5GA68|1.0|I wanted to enjoy these cards, but they don't hit home to me.    I was so disappointed when I received these cards.  They just didn't do it for me at all.  The only plus was the box, which was rather nice.  I like how you can put a card in it and stand it up.  Perhaps I'll store some other cards in it and use it for that.  The purchase wouldn't be a complete loss for me then.
B00000612P|5.0|If you are a Rod Stewart fan this is a must have! This was my favorite album as a kid and still continues to be enjoyable listening. One of the best tracks is \\"You wear it well\\" although the classic \\"Maggie May\\" had more airtime.
0321525655|5.0|I loved the content and the supporting slide examples.  I read this book before I started college and before I had created my first power point presentation.  I applied the general principles all through college and noticed that my presentations were different than most others.  I often was thanked afterwards for the time I had taken.<br /><br />Basically this book advocates cutting the umbilical cord that connects the presenter to his slides and encourages him or her to use the visual content as a way to emphasize an already dynamic and engaging presentation where he or she will be connecting with the audience with shared eye contact.  There is so much more and its all good!
0131103628|1.0|when i was a beginning c programmer, around '78, we could get this in the school bookstore for around $20. $69 ? forget it. since most every language from java to perl has used c syntax, better books are out there for much less than a week/s dinner.
0439813786|5.0|This book was the most incredible read ive had since Oliver Twist and the breathtaking BFG. Brian selnick in very much so Roald' s tender approach tells a heartwrenching story of a child alone. like oliver twist the character instantly takes your heart and as this beautifull unfolds its story in gorgeous pencil drawn pictures, It becomes more intensified. This forever darling book is a treasure. instant classic thatq should be inserted into the cannon as it covers a piece of cinema history in a tender manner. If you like making films, this book is for you. if you love a good story, its absolutely a genuine read. Thankyou Brian Selznick.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|The case is made of a somewhat pliable plastic, allow it to slip over the phone easily but hold securely.  The front does have a lip, so it's less likely if you drop it, it will break the glass.  I'm not thrilled with the circles on the back, but how often do you look at the back of your phone?  I'd gotten used to the clean lines of the phone without a case, and I was worried the the case would make the phone less attractive.  It does, but I got used to it quite quickly, and I'm far less worried about the phone than I was.    My only real issue with the case is that I wish it provided a rougher surface on the back, to keep it from slipping around easily.  But if it had that, then I'd complain because of the way it made the phone look.  It's all a trade-off.  If you want a case that is pretty much guaranteed to protect your phone, this isn't it.  If you want a case to provide moderate protection from short drops and from scratches, it's hard to beat this case for the price.
0756655307|5.0|I LOVE EVERYTHING MARVEL....AND THIS BOOK DELIVERS A POWERFUL SPREAD OF INFORMATION....I UNDERESTIMATED IT AND I'M REALLY GLAD I BOUGHT IT....THE COLORS AND LAYOUT OF FACTS FOR THE CHARACTERS  ARE IMPRESSIVE I ACTUALLY LEARNED THINGS I NEVER KNEW ABOUT THE CHARACTERS I GREW UP WITH...I'M AMAZED I LOVE THIS BOOK...IT HAS BECOME MY PRIMARY COFFEE BOOK TABLE...BUY THIS BOOK NOW...
B004VF68AQ|4.0|I read the interviews, and was really hyped for this CD.  Was I dissapointed?  Initially, yes.  I need to admit that \\"Nothing's Shocking\\" won't happen again, that was a one-time deal.  And they're missing one of the original line-up.  But Perry Farrell still knows how to make good music.  And this CD definitely has the JA signature on it.    My first listen-through made me feel like they had 5-6 good song ideas, and just filled the rest.  2nd listen, and I'm a fan of all but 2 songs, \\"Splash a little water\\" and \\"Words right out\\".    I do think the CD starts out strong, and kind of \\"settles in\\" after track 3, but overall, there are 8 solid songs here.  If you're a hardcore JA fan, this is a must buy.  It's better than the last release, and I think it's better than Ritual.    If you're starting out, get Nothing's Shocking.  I think it holds up remarkably well considering it's getting up there in years.  If you like that and want more, get Escape Artist.
B004GYY714|5.0|found my favorite stations both local and international. very easy to use and great sound.  short buffer time and strong signal.  great app!
078324228X|5.0|I ordered this DVD as new.... A couple days later I received my purchase brand new (no damage... At ALL) at a very fast pace.  Very happy with my order... Thanks.
0439321603|5.0|LOVED THIS BOOK...IT IS A REAL GOOD ADDITION TOWARDS THE HARRY POTTER SERIES...I HIGHLY RECOMMEND YOU BUY THIS BOOK...NICELY WRITTEN AND A VERY EASY READ...ITS NOT A LONG BOOK BUT FOR THE CONTENT THAT IT HAS ITS PRETTY INFORMATIVE.....THUMBS UP!!!!
B004ZNAGNE|5.0|I've listened to my old Harvest DSOTM CD so many times, I know it very well.  Maybe it's just my old ears, but I really don't hear a big difference between that CD and the new 2011 remix.  But then, that just means they both sound great.  Then there is the \\"bonus\\" disk, the live version.  Wow.  I hadn't heard that in a loooooooooooooong time.  And I think that was on the radio.  Wow this is great to hear on CD.  Well worth the price just to have a good release of the live 1974 concert.  Even if you have the original mix CD, get this version just for the live concert, keep the remix, and sell your old CD.  There's always someone who will give you a few bucks for a copy of DSOTM.
B004FRX0MY|2.0|I just updated this Amazon MP3 Downloader today (11/10/11). Every since, the app freezes and I have to force close. If the app is working for you, wait before you apply the update. Sometimes an update just makes things worse.
B005D9MUWY|1.0|Then came the update. Even though I completed the install process, I kept getting a message that I had to finish installing.It wouldn't work. I thought I would try to uninstall and reinstall. I uninstalled it, but since Amazon knows I've downloaded it before, the link only says &quot;open&quot; which, since this program isn't on my phone, it freezes the appstore. I would love to re-install it, but I can't.
0061767581|4.0|This was an entertaining read. It seemed so close to her real life that I really wish she had of just written it as a true story. My only problem was that I always wanted to know which bits were real and which weren't. I mean you can tell the \\"character\\" is Heidi - but I wish i had of known how much was created and how much was real. Still, I loved the insight into her world and it's nice to escape into the world of LA. It's definitely a good vacation read.
B00065MDRW|5.0|I had this on vinyl a loooooooooooooong time ago, and had actually forgot about it.  One day while going over my Recommendation list, I see a daily deal for this CD.  That's a no-brainer, picked it up.<br /><br />This is classic prog-rock.  I hadn't listened to this in quite a long time, and after I ripped it to my MP3 player, I listened to it for the first time on a plane trip.  Wow, does this sound great on decent headphones.  Of course, I ripped it in lossless, so I'm sure that helped a bit.<br /><br />Ended up falling asleep somewhere around track 3 or 4.  After I was rudely awakened for landing, I couldn't get back to it.  So I listened to it all the way through again later that night.  It was a long day with the whole airport to airport thing, so I fell asleep again somewhere after track 1.<br /><br />Personally I think that being able to fall asleep to this music is a testament to how good it is.  It just flows.  King Crimson did some of their best work here.  Of course, everyone knows track 5, but you really need to listen to the whole thing, since that's how they intended it.<br /><br />Actually glad I waited till I got home to listen to the whole thing through, so I could use my \\"good\\" system.  Sounds even better, obviously.  And I made it through this time.  It's weird to listen to again after all this time.  Playback systems have improved so much since then (at least the ones I can afford), that it's like listening to a whole new release of the old music.
1406310948|4.0|Excited to give this to my kids for Christmas... a favorite...  just a little disappointed in the cd, not traditinal reader
B003VANOFY|5.0|The Logitech wireless Headset G930 are very comfortable and the sound quality is very good.  The battery charge doesn't last as long as advertised but still long enough for extended game play and you can still use them with the usb connected and charging. Best Headset I have owned so far!
1400052181|5.0|Revelatory is the word that best sums up this book for me. I am interested in how the socioeconomic environment generally, and health systems in particular, affect our wellbeing, and I know about the inequities in the U.S. health care system that affect minorities and women.  But all my studies did not give me the insights that this look into the death of one African American woman revealed. From the diagnosis and treatment of her cancer in the early 1950's, the book takes the reader on a journey through the labs of medical researchers, the theories of medical ethicists and the arguments in courts of law to explain how human tissues are used to research new drugs and treatments.  But it doesn't stop there. The book parallels the scientific story with the saga of how one African American family experiences the American health care system: the indignities, the miscommunication, and the mistrust.  I think everyone needs to read this book to understand what is going wrong with our health care system. But more importantly, white Americans need to read this book to better understand how people of color experience--or don't experience--health care in our country.
B000XAE3IM|3.0|The battery received is not the real Sony battery as pictured. It do not hold the charge well. Only able to hold the charge up to 70% not able to be fully charged. However, it fits well into the Sony camera and able to provide energy needed for the camera. The picture as shown in the web page ad is misleading since the picture shown is the Sony battery.
B005KDWUFA|5.0|I have all their CD'S.  Wicked Game is the Number 1 all of the songs on this are great.  Everyone needs to buy this cd.  In my eye's they are number1 in the world.
B0045HCIYA|2.0|I got this video and the quality of the video is poor.<br />The video freezes because my \\"supposed\\" new video was<br />scratched, so needless to say I will not be buying<br />any movies from these guys anymore. Its a shame<br />really, because I have never had any bad experiences<br />with Amazon. This is the first time. Let's hope it<br />is the only time.
B00003CXB4|5.0|This item was received promptly and in perfect condition.  It was as promised brand new and sent out soon after the order was placed. My kids were thrilled when it came in the mail
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is a very well-made game that requires a bit of thinking combined with quick action.  There are a ton of levels.  This is my favorite game on my phone.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|After purchasing two titles listed as having a digital copy (Horrible Bosses and Green Lantern) was was thrilled to have those in my hot little hands.  That excitement quickly turned to dismay when I found this new service called Ultraviolet using Flixster Movie Collections.  You do NOT get a digital copy to store on your iPad/iPhone or any other portable digital medium.  It requires WiFi and it is a streaming only digital copy.  So don't plan on taking any long car rides or flights expecting to watch this installment of Harry Potter!  I'll be watching the labels a little more carefully in the future.  Those showing a digital copy linked to this farce of a service will get dropped like a bad habit...
B004QZ9PLU|1.0|Every time I pick up a Nicholas Sparks novel I hate myself for it. He's a horrible writer and his stories are beyond cheesy, but for some reason I can never stop myself. This is absolutely horrible, but sadly if this too gets made into a movie I'll probably see it immediately. At least the movies are generally better than the books.
B000IAZPKM|5.0|This is a moment of belief, this is a moment made of dreams, you found me here today, on the coldest winter night and this sums the essence of Kamelot's concert titled `One cold winter's Night' that was recorded on the, 11th February 2006 at the historic Rockefellar Musichall in Oslo, Norway. Kamelot enlisted the services of renowned film and video producer, Patric Ullaeus, to chronicle the night's events, bringing with him from Sweden, a large crew of professionals, equipment and 18 cameras that would be used around the concert hall and stage. A number of months back, I obtained a copy of Evergrey's d.v.d, `A night to Remember', which left me will a sense that it was an impressive piece of work from an awe-inspiring band. At the time I remember thinking that whatever band attempts to emulate this concert from a visual and musical perspective, is literally going to have to pull something off in spectacular fashion. Well, the latest visual offering from Kamelot has surpassed the great effort that Evergrey conveyed, but in my book Kamelot have forged ahead and have made every effort to impress.   With Kamelot, they are a band that has fashioned the face of progressive metal over the past decade or so, by never being too fearful to further their musical objectives and are wholly in charge of their own destiny. The performance of all band members is nothing short of spectacular and they are one of the top bands in the progressive premier league, as they so rightly deserve to be there. The camera work of Ullaeus and his camera team is stunning and with the use of all eighteen cameras, the coverage around the Rockefellar Musichall is well balanced, with all band members getting equal footage of their respective performance. The sound quality is just as spectacular as the visual effects, and Khans vocals are breathtakingly emotive, powerful, with gently lifting moods that incorporates volumes of atmosphere. Unquestionably, he has to be the finest progressive metal vocalistaround at the moment; by utilizing all that, he has learned whilst studying to be an opera singer in his native Norway many years previously. Founding member Thomas Youngblood is a sensational guitarist and has great ability to weave some inventive solos and cutting riffs into his style of playing.   Glenn Barry keeps up with a barrage of thunderous bass lines and is great support to drummer Casey Grillo. Talking of Grillo, what an incredible percussionist and drummer this man is and one only fully appreciates his ability whilst viewing this performance. He is the essential timekeeper to the band and has a very heavy, but well-balanced style of playing, without being too pompous for his own liking. Kamelot's latest addition to the fold is German keyboardist Oliver Palotai who joined the band in 2005 after the release of `The black Halo' opus. He brings a unique and classical style to the band and is a well-schooled musician with many accreditations to his name, playing with such sincere passion. On track nine, the pace slows down and a change of dynamics happens, whereby Palotai plays a classical piano solo, which is a very beautiful piece of music created with such heartfelt eloquence by highlighting his musical pedigree. Along with the abovementioned musicians, there are also guest musicians like the 3 piece choir that back Khan's vocals up in the choruses by adding a greater ambience to the music.   Furthermore, there is the addition of Epica's vocalist Simone Simons on `The Haunting', soprano vocalist Mari Youngblood, who is Thomas Youngblood's wife, adds a magic sparkle on three of the tracks, Swedish stalwart Snowy Shaw on `March of Mephisio' and Sasca Paeth adds a guitar solo to the track `Moonlight'. With each song, a careful selection process has taken place as the music flows along so seamlessly as if it was a conceptual piece of work. Songs from Khan era Kamelot have been reasonably well represented, but it would be nice at some stage for the band to resurrect the first two albums for prosperity sake. There are no weak numbers on this offering, but tracks that are worth a mention are the monstrous `The edge of Paradise' which starts the proceedings after a rather impressive Gregorian chant, then the song kicks in with the pyrotechnics to the side of the stage before the fury sets in. `Abandoned' is a great ballad, with Khan's emotive vocals singing alongside that of Mari Youngblood's and a very thought provoking and sad song. The Norwegian composer Grieg inspired, `Forever' has a nice classic piece played by Youngblood, with the song picking up momentum.   Casey Grillo is an impressive sight on this track as he delivers some great drumming, but displays his craft and technical prowess by spinning his drumsticks between his fingers on the offbeat. `The Haunting' is a great track and a favourite of mine from `The black Halo' recording, and has the vivacious redhead Simone Simons doing a duet with Khan - what a sterling job they have both done. On the second disc, there are all sorts of additional extras like interviews with the band including Simone Simons, a viewing of both Youngblood and Grillo's houses in Florida, video clips of the hits and Casey Grillo at DDrum choosing his endorsed drum kit for the up and coming tour. This well-put together package represents a band at the peak of their maturity. On the first viewing of `One cold winter Night, I was stunned, the second time I was captivated and by the third time I was totally hooked and drawn in. This mouth-watering platter offers wonderfully evocative melodies, strong song writing prowess that shine like a beacon, inventive solos and cutting riffs, masterful and creative drumming and thought provoking keyboard segments. If you have not yet crossed swords with the mighty Kamelot, then do yourselves a favour and grab a copy of this d.v.d., as it is a worthy part in anyone's collection.
B004VMUS9G|5.0|This app is one of my favorites because it WORKS!  It is very customizable and is full of options.  I love that I can create an alarm that only goes off on the 4 days a week that I work without me having to turn it off for the other 3 days.  I set it once when I first got the app, and I have not touched it since.  I have never had it fail to go off.  The silent ringer override feature is crucial.  Only complaint is that I occasionally miss the Dismiss button and hit the ad at the bottom of the screen instead.  When that happens, it is a real pain to turn the alarm off because you have to dig through several menus first.
B0006OBPTA|5.0|i love it i watched the first two movies before n i always wanted to have them in my collections,now i have it :3 but it would be Great if it add the newest karate kid on it too,but its impossible as they are totally from different people acting...
1451648537|5.0|This biography is an impressive accomplishment. In my mind, having read this book, Steve Jobs is taking on the proportions of a larger-than-life, Promethean, heroic figure whose name will be legendary. And the supporting cast of characters in the book, for the most part, are truly exceptional people. I'm sure the majority of readers will feel the same way. A possible exception is Rupert Murdoch, to whom Jobs stated: \\"You're blowing it with Fox News. The axis today is not liberal-conservative, the axis is constructive-destructive, and you've cast your lot with the destructive people. Fox has become an incredibly destructive force in our society. You can be better, and this is going to be your legacy if you're not careful.\\"  Jobs has left a legacy that will endure for generations to come.
B001EN71DG|1.0|I went for a \\"used\\" version of the box set (sold by a 3rd party obviously). Instead of the six DVD box that is advertised on this web page, I received a 4 DVD set released in 2005. No original version in there ... Disappointed !
1608870081|5.0|My daughter and I both love pop-up books and I finally got around to buying this Harry Potter pop-up. It is quite simply an astounding piece of work and a marvel of paper engineering. When I opened the book, I saw a large, thick purple envelope which opens to reveal several items. There is a large poster of Harry Potter riding Buckbeak, a Wanted poster for HP, and also a Ministry of Magic announcement regarding Death Eaters. Then there is a little red envelope that opens to reveal a Howler (nothing to match a real-life Howler, but still impressive).<br /><br />Altogether there are five full page pop-ups, and yes, I wish there had been more, but considering how intricate each of these pop-ups are, I'm satisfied. The first pop-up is of Diagon Alley, and there is a smaller pop-up of darling Hedwig, the snowy owl and beloved pet of Harry. It was interesting to discover that Hedwig was played by a real-life snowy owl named Gizmo and several stand-ins. There's also a small pop-up of the Weasley's Wizard Wheezes storefront.<br /><br />The second pop-up is my favorite, that of the amazing Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It is truly an amazing example of paper engineering, and reminded me of the life-size model which I saw when I visited the Wizarding World of HP at Orlando last fall. Then there's a small pop-up of the Durmstrang ship and also the Beauxbaton's carriage which appeared in HP and the Goblet of Fire.<br /><br />The third pop-up features some of the magical creatures that make their appearances during the various Harry Potter films. There is Aragog the giant spider, Buckbeak, thestrals, centaurs, and Hagrid's brother Grawp. Also featured is Hagrid's hut with Hagrid and his pet dog posing outside. The two smaller pop-up inserts feature Fluffy, the three-headed dog which guarded the sorcerer's stone, and the scene where Harry and his classmates are repotting mandrakes.<br /><br />The next pop-up features Magical Games and Sports and opens up to reveal Harry trying his best to get the Golden Egg from the Hungarian Horntail. The dragon looks magnificent! The smaller pop-ups feature a miniature Wizard's Chess session as seen in HP and the Sorcerer's Stone, and the second one opens to reveal Ron in a victorious moment during a game of Quidditch.<br /><br />The final pop-up is the darkest in theme and appearance. It reveals the Dark Arts as depicted in the Harry Potter movies. There's Harry stuck in the graveyard, at the mercy of Lord Voldemort with his cronies there to assist him (Lucius Malfoy, Wormtail, and other Death Eaters). A smaller pop-up features Nagini, Voldemort's giant snake, while another reveals the gruesome Inferi, and finally the last little pop-up is one of the Dementors.<br /><br />This pop-up book makes a nice addition to any Harry Potter fan's library.gg from the Hungarian Horntail. The dragon looks magnificent! The smaller pop-ups feature a miniature Wizard's Chess session as seen in HP and the Sorcerer's Stone, and the second one opens to reveal Ron in a victorious moment during a game of Quidditch.  The final pop-up is the darkest in theme and appearance. It reveals the Dark Arts as depicted in the Harry Potter movies. There's Harry stuck in the graveyard, at the mercy of Lord Voldemort with his cronies there to assist him (Lucius Malfoy, Wormtail, and other Death Eaters). A smaller pop-up features Nagini, Voldemort's giant snake, while another reveals the gruesome Inferi, and finally the last little pop-up is one of the Dementors.  This pop-up book makes a nice addition to any Harry Potter fan's library.
B0064YKWEA|5.0|This by far was the best episode i've seen of this show!!! this tops Gemma's rape scene, the intensity   and the emotions that flew in this episode was off the rocket, between everybody and that fight scene with Gemma and Clay  was just flying and i am glad that it will wake Jax up finally the way it needs to be! he deserves the truth finally and   as much as i love Ron Perlman but Clay needs to be dead! need to get rid of him! his family doesn't deserve him!
1594744769|4.0|If one thing freaks me out the most its creepy little children. I don't get creeped out very easily, but i'm not going to lie this cover completly freaks me out and when I saw the pictures on the back of the book as well, It creeped me out. BUT, that being said, I was completly intrigued by the story line, and felt like I needed to read this book.<br /><br />First of all this book is made so well!! Quirk Books did a phenomenal job of designing this book, it felt luxiourious, from the cloth cover to the quality of the pages, and the pops of brown mixed in throughout the book. I loved everything about it.<br /><br />I am so glad I gave this book a chance. I loved the story, and the pictures, although some were incredibly creepy,added to the story, in such a unique and interesting way. The story starts out with Jacob's grandfather telling him stories of his past with these pecuilar children, and while his whole family finds his grandfather to be a bit of a loon, Jacob finds his grandfathers stories to be intruging. After the passing of his beloved grandfather, things begin to unfold in regards to his grandfathers stories. Jacob finds letters and pictures and he starts to believe that although his grandfathers stories seemed far-fetched, there was some truth in them.<br /><br />Jacob goes in search of Miss Peregrine to get some questions answered. And what unfolds is a great adventure of a story. I loved the \\"time travel\\" aspects of the story, and the peculiar children were all interesting and not at all creepy like I though they might be. Yes, the pictures are creepy, BUT they add so much to the story, and I couldn't fathom have them not playing a part in the story.<br /><br />If your looking for a unique book, that has a bit of mystery, and peculiarness, then this is definitely a book for you, theres nothing else similar to this book that i've ever read, and I do A LOT of reading!!
B0058VW36U|5.0|I got this game when it was free, and I LOVE IT. OmNom is so cute, and the boards do get challenging. I actually stopped playing Angry Birds and let this game take over my life. Even though I got it free it's still worth paying for!
B004UID2LC|5.0|Love this App. I can download any video and play any time I want to see it. Or I can just download as a song. Great app!
B00526ZKYS|1.0|I was really interested to see how this book would take such an interesting idea and run with it. What would happen if love was viewed as a horrible disease? How would the cure to that disease affect society? The answer to that is nothing. Love is a sickness so let's all get surgery and turn into listless zombies. This book was missing something, and the sad thing is that I can't even place what it is. I felt like the pages dragged on with out any real purpose. The book had great potential: it just didn't live up to the expectations.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|Got this because it was cheaper than the DS game I wanted, it's not as good but it's still a fun game. Kills my battery super quickly though.
B002I0J5FG|5.0|Im so glad they came out with this collection because i never played it on the ps2, but heard great things. I just beat ICO. total stoner game, love it
B002HWRYJE|5.0|I love this Star Trek movie.  It has a great story line and Chris Pine does a great job as Captain James T. Kirk.  Many scenes of danger, risks, the Enterprise in danger, but great for kids to watch.  There is not alot of blood and gore however, that being said, I always get faint at heart when I see bugs going in ears or noses.. LOL  But in all honesty this is a great movie as it explains the early days of James T. Kirk and how he became the Captain of the Enterprise.  Great scenes, action, drama, and storyline.  Great Job Chris Pine!
B003X645YA|4.0|This isn't \\"Wouldn't It Be Nice\\". It isn't The Beach Boys. If that's what you're looking for, look elsewhere.  I like Gershwin. George Gershwin's music is sophisticated and, at the same time, easy to listen to. The stories in his songs may be tender, whimsical, or deal with life's harshness. His music is a very rich platform for performers and arrangers alike. Normally, I don't listen to music I enjoy to hear new variations. When I hear a song that I'm familiar with, other versions can sound discordant to my ear, but I like what Brian Wilson has done.   \\"Smile\\" was a more complex and adventurous work:  it was \\"Brian Wilson Reimagines Brian Wilson\\". If you didn't like \\"Smile\\", I doubt you'd enjoy this album. \\"Reimagines\\" isn't a remix of that folds Gershwin tunes into \\"Smile\\". Some of the musical elements are similar to Smile, but the music is still Gershwin at its core and Brian Wilson in its delivery.  In addition to finding his own voice and expression for these songs, Brian Wilson has done well selecting and connecting them into a collection that builds on its parts. There are smooth transitions, and interesting switches between differing tones, tempos, and styles.  \\"I loves You, Porgy\\" is one track that I found very touching, despite the fact that Brian Wilson is singing in a woman's role. On the other hand, I found it slightly annoying that the Methuselah verse is dropped from \\"It Ain't Necessarily So.\\".  In rating this album, I dropped it down a star because of Amazon's music service. For over a year, I've had to convert their mp3 tracks to get them to play on my mp3 player.. Amazon's previews are often annoying short, but in this case, they gave me all I needed to know that I wanted this album.  In summary, \\"Brian Wilson Reimagines Gershwin\\" shows what \\"They Can't Take That Away Me\\" is Brian Wilson's ability to have fun while creating music we enjoy.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|This movie has alot of action and great storyline.  there are some scenes where I got sea sick due to the camera moving around quickly to seize the moment of transforming from a truck or car into a rockem sockem warrior to save the planet.  If you have the series (3 movies), on a rainy or snowy day, these are great to set up for the kids to watch.
0307593312|5.0|There's probably nothing I can say that hasn't been said in praise of this book. But! Am I the only reader hoping there is another 1000 page follow up to this story? Every character (including some of the deceased) still have stories to be told..... and I want to hear them.
B005D9MUWY|4.0|The prediction is better than every other keyboard out there.My only wish is that it supported Japanese language. If it supported Japanese, it would surely get 5 stars!
B000FCKGPC|2.0|i could not finish this book, like most readers, i loved the first three. sped right through them, but good lord! what the hell ?? i mean, i know its hard  to come up with a story after the last book, but really, do we really have to be with so many characters each and every tiny movement throughout the book!!! i only gave 3 stars because i didnt finish it. if the 6th book is about redemption and full revenge, than maybe ill get that one....
0553801473|2.0|The first three books were great.  The fourth  one was lacking and I had hoped that this fifth one would redeem the fourth book by being as good as the first three- it did not.<br /><br />Describing things, places, men that have been described by the author before a hundred times- gets old.  The descriptions take me nowhere that I haven't already been or want to go.  Entire chapters about people that I don't care about, or that I didn't come to like as well as the characters who've been conveniently killed so things will become a little more simple, these chapters pretty much are worth skipping or browsing- looking for quotation marks and key words that may have something to do with someone who is interesting.<br />Anyway, if there are going to be seven of these books, I guess that I can wait five years for the next one and I'll probably buy it and read it.  I read that Robert Jordan series and that was trying.  There's always Moby Dick, I haven't read that in a while.
1423140591|5.0|It's great to see Percy again. The whole Olympian series is so much better than the Kane Chronicles series by Rick Riordan that I was stoked to read this installment and it didn't disappoint. The new characters Frank and Hazel were both complex and interesting, unlike Piper in the previous book, and their quest was fun as it brought the heroes into a new world that hasn't been explored. (I now wonder if Rick Riordan intends on doing a new series set in the Yukon with Inuit religion as the basis/Or Chinese mythology with the hints from Frank).<br /><br />Either way I think this next book is going to be a great one with all the characters coming together and them having to start their quest to Rome and then Greece. I can't wait.<br /><br />P.D. Griffith<br />[[ASIN:B0053DQOIQ The Search for Artemis (The Chronicles of Landon Wicker)]]
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I've never seen the Harry Potter Movies nor read the books. I personally couldn't care less to do either. My fiance' loves the Harry Potter series, though, and owns not one of the movies. Her birthday is coming up and since this is a really good deal (6 bucks a dvd or 10 bucks a blu-ray) I got it for her. She isn't going to want to sit through extra features, she just wants to watch the movies. I understand there are die-hard fans out there wanting something better and something better will come along. If you are a fan wanting special features and junk out-the-wazoo, don't purchase this but for people who just want the movies (and seeing as how year 7 part 2 will be just coming out) this is an EXCELLENT deal and will make for an excellent gift.
B00009P1O0|4.0|This lp,disc,what ever you want to call it has been around for at least five plus years. I don`t have the time to see what lable released it, so this is nothing new to us who are in the loop.
B004GXL8GC|5.0|I've been a great fan of smurfs since i was a kid, and so was my wife, i got 2 sets, one for her and one for my self, it's simply perfect, except that the eyes on papa smurf are not as good as the single figures, the single figures looks nicer. other than that, it's a great toy for collectors
B005NPBT5M|5.0|Just a note for JD Marsh. If I understand correctly you are referring to the download tracks playing out of sequence. If so, then this is a known issue with Amazon multi-disc downloads since under the album name in file properties they do not label them as disc 1 , disc 2 etc. You can go into the file properties yourself and add the disc number to the album name for each track. The songs should then play sequentially (if you don't do this they will cluster both track #1 together then #2 etc). It is a real pain to do this as I found out when I purchased not only PF reissues but also item like a 6(?) disc John Lennon remaster and had to rename every track since every one had the label \\"John Lennon Signature Box\\" instead of the relevant CD name like Imagine, Mind, Games, etc.
0240815807|5.0|I am not affiliated with Mike Senior, Focal Press, or anyone even vaguely involved in the making of this book.  I say this upfront because of the glowing review I'd like to give the book.  The Stav book is great.  Izhaki's book is also great.  The Katz book is great as well.  But this one has been the best yet that I've read.  And at this point, it feels like I've read 'em all.  This book seems to have the most real-life application out of any of the similarly-themed books I've read.  I took about three pages of one-line notes in my little legal pad and already I'm reaping the rewards of what I've read.  I feel more confident in what I'd already been doing, and I have a *lot* of new ideas for future mixes.  The mix of sardonic humor, excellent examples, and quotes from pretty much every mixmaster in show business is just perfect.  I can't recommend this book highly enough.  Well done, Mike Senior.  Top rate.
B000W93CHC|5.0|I just finished reading this, and as with Pillars of the Earth, I am just in awe of Ken Follett's ability to tell a story.  I think WWE is even better than POTE, and after reading POTE, I did not think I would ever read a better story.  Incredibly imaginative with his details, I could completely get every scene in my head down to the last cloak of Kingsbridge Scarlet.  I hope he is planning his next story around Kingsbridge!!!
1451648537|3.0|There are sparks of greatness here, but the book falls flat. It seems strange to describe a biography of this length as woefully incomplete, but it is.  Isaacson's book is engaging and entertaining. The sections which quote Jobs or are informed by the author's discussions with Jobs are valuable elements that will be essential for the definitive Jobs biography, when it is written.  The omissions, however, are jarring and frequent.  Isaacson fails to delve into Jobs' failure at NeXt and near-failure at Pixar in any real detail.  These receive passing treatment when they are the crucibles through which Jobs passed in order to acquire the skills need to turnaround Apple. Regarding his second stint at Apple, there is very little detail as to the mechanics have his success.  Here too, failures like Apple TV are not discussed.  This part, especially, feels more like a series of magazine articles than a coherent biography.  I recommend this book to all who are interested in this fascinating, complex man and the products he created. But I continue to await the superlative Jobs biography still to come.
B0001ARCFA|3.0|GOOD QUALITY SOUND BUT MADE FROM CHEAP PLASTIC THE CIRCULAR PLASTIC BEHIND THE LEFT EAR PIECE CRACKED SO I NEED TO GLUE IT
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King started publishing books around roughly the same time I started reading them.  It was the mid 70s, and I was a precocious young thing.  I was fearless, and man I loved what he was writing!  I haven't read nearly all of his novels in the decades since, but enough to have a pretty good familiarity with the universe that his works share.  Now entering my more fearful middle age, I can tell you there is, oddly, something deeply comforting about submerging myself again in his rich, folksy world where heroes ARE heroic, all stories come full circle, and pretty much all nagging questions are eventually put to rest.<br /><br />The hero of 11/22/63 is Jake Epping, and early on in this novel he is presented with something inconceivable, a sort of wormhole in time.  It leads from 2011 Maine to September 9, 1958.  You can visit the past for as long as you like--years even--but when you return to the present it's always exactly two minutes later.  Every subsequent visit is a \\"reset.\\"  You can change the past (and consequently the present), but as Jake learns, \\"the past is obdurate.\\"  It resists.<br /><br />There's more to the set-up, of course, but that's all you really need to know.  Because with this portal to the past, Jake is set on a mission that would probably be the goal of most every person of a certain age--to stop the Kennedy assassination.  I don't think it resonates quite so strongly with those of us who weren't around to remember Camelot, but, sure, 11/22/63 was one of the most pivotal days in this nation's history.  It's a day that surely scarred the psyche of every American who remembers it.<br /><br />For long-time readers like myself, there are some wonderful Easter eggs to be found in 11/22/63, tying back to past novels, and probably to future ones as well.  It's amazing how King does that.  Characters I haven't seen for decades make cameo appearances and gosh it's great to see them.  If Mr. King has one skill above all, it's the ability to breathe life into his characters.  No wonder they live on long after their stories end.  And it's not just the characters that feel like old friends, it's merely inhabiting the King-verse with its familiar town names, attitudes, and themes.  Like I said, comforting.<br /><br />So, if it's not obvious already, I loved this novel from start to finish!  Heck, I read 849 pages in less than 48 hours.  But Mr. King might have written this one just for me.  I have a thing for time travel stories.  In fact, 11/22/63 has several similarities with an old favorite I recently re-read: Replay, by Ken Grimwood.  The ideas of this novel are pretty compelling, and it's not surprising that others have explored them.  Reading the two so close together made for an interesting counterpoint, and did disservice to neither.<br /><br />Thirty-seven years and several dozen novels after his first, Stephen King is still finding new stories to tell in inventive ways.  Yes, those familiar echoes are there, but somehow Mr. King is keeping his prolific output fresh.  11/22/63 is a blast from the past.  I'm glad I got to travel there with this dear old friend.wonder they live on long after their stories end.  And it's not just the characters that feel like old friends, it's merely inhabiting the King-verse with its familiar town names, attitudes, and themes.  Like I said, comforting.  So, if it's not obvious already, I loved this novel from start to finish!  Heck, I read 849 pages in less than 48 hours.  But Mr. King might have written this one just for me.  I have a thing for time travel stories.  In fact, 11/22/63 has several similarities with an old favorite I recently re-read: Replay, by Ken Grimwood.  The ideas of this novel are pretty compelling, and it's not surprising that others have explored them.  Reading the two so close together made for an interesting counterpoint, and did disservice to neither.  Thirty-seven years and several dozen novels after his first, Stephen King is still finding new stories to tell in inventive ways.  Yes, those familiar echoes are there, but somehow Mr. King is keeping his prolific output fresh.  11/22/63 is a blast from the past.  I'm glad I got to travel there with this dear old friend.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Have used few Apps but this application is the Best!  Detailed information is provided. Amazing amount of details.  It's weather Gunius!!
0385535139|5.0|I have read all of Grisham.  This is without a doubt his best effort.  This book is actually very funny.  Grisham funny?  Yep.  Loved it.
0385535139|3.0|Everyone knows John Grisham's stories pull you in, make you stay up at night reading, then whack you with an unexpected (and sometimes unwanted) twist at the end. This book has no twist, you can pretty easily predict most of the story. There is no plot that will keep you up at night. But he did get in some very funny sequences. I don't often laugh out loud while reading a book, but I did so twice with this one. So I call this an average legal \\"thriller.\\"
B000UD08HW|5.0|DG in HD!  Nothing could be better.  Beautiful quality in sight and sound.  The concert is magnificent and the extras are great.  It is not the huge and elaborate show of PULSE but shows David doing a more personal performance instead.  I watch this at least once a month and it is a treat each and every time.  A must have for all fans of David Gilmour.
B00181JGI2|5.0|With the \\"The Big Lebowski,\\" the Coen brothers may not have created a comedic room. But the characters and situations they concoct are endless fascinating. Jeff Lebowski, a 40-somethng slacker who calls himself \\"The Dude,\\" has been confused with another Jeff Lebowski, who is a multi-millionaire with a high-spending wife. When thugs attack The Dude, thinking him to be the tycoon, an unlikely plot is set in motion in which The Dude is charged with coming up with the money the wife owes.<br /><br />TBL never stops spinning the unexpected. The Dude loves to bowl, and his team consists of an former Vietnam vet (John Goodman) and a hapless hanger-on (Steven Buscemi). Between them, the trio hardly has enough brain cells to flush the john, but lurch along, trying to save the girl while making some money or themselves. One things that's funny about the film: The Dude - pot-bound, vacuous and benign - emerges as the biggest adult. Goodman thinks he is the leader, but his wacky schemes almost always flop. Another funny thing is the gang of misfits the Coens assemble to tell their tale - a naked expressionist artists (Julianne Moore), a gang of gothy German nihilists, a mysterious cowboy (Sam Elliott) and a team of competitive bowlers led by a jumpsuit-clad man named  Jesus. What the film lacks in outright hilarity and topicality, it wins by the sheer audacity and skill of shaping this gang of weirdos into a semi-coherent storyline.<br /><br />Worth seeing, whatever it's about.
B004QZ9PLU|1.0|I can say with honesty that this book isn't very realistic because I grew  up in Pamlico County, in a small town about 10 miles west of Oriental.  The author didn't manage to capture the feeling of life 'down in the county' as we natives call it.  He didn't even manage to get the speech patterns right, nor did he seem to really have gained any understanding of the type of people who live in the area.  Pamlico County is a very remote part of eastern North Carolina - the town where I grew up had more pickup trucks than people, and more dogs than people and trucks combined.  Most everyone farmed, except for the few schoolteachers, shrimpers and fishermen, and small shopkeepers.  Oriental was a quaint little fishing village important to no one until Walter Cronkite decided it was a good place to sail his boat many years ago.    A very glaring error was in the name of the hospital referenced towards the end of the book, which is the site of the only medical school east of Raleigh in NC.  I was quite surprised that the author couldn't even get the name of this hospital right.  I was a girl from one of the better families, who had a lab partner in high school from what some would have called 'the wrong side of the tracks'.  This book should have resonated with me as few books could - but this one failed miserably.  The author could have been describing large parts of the life I lived, but instead he wrote a maudlin little story that I would have been ashamed to put my name to had I written it.  It's a shame.  Pamlico County is a place like no other I've ever been, both good and bad, and for an author who resides in the area to fail to reflect this in his writing in so many ways seems completely incomprehensible.  Had I been the publisher who was handed this manuscript, it would never have seen the light of day.  I am, however, aware that the name of the game is profit rather than anything more substantial, and I'm sure this 'work' will make a profit despite how shallow itis in many places.  For me, it was the most disappointing book I've read in many a year, which failed to do justice to a story that could have been worth reading had it been written with real understanding of the area and its people.
B005KJZDXK|5.0|I just \\"discovered\\" Zooey Deschanel when I listened to the samples for this album -- didn't know what to expect -- but I love it.    My mom was a young newly wed during WWII and when I was a child (during the 50s and 60s)I loved to listen to her singing while she puttered around the house (surreptitiously, of course, didn't want to make her self conscious.)  She was not a professional singer but had a lovely voice all the same.  She sang song after song that sounded very much like this -- the same register, similar background music, a movingly adult-sounding alto voice.  Zooey brightens it up a bit, but this album has sent me tripping down memory lane....    The WWII era had a lot in common with life right now in the US.  Everything changing, people doing without basic necessities but keeping on all the same.  This music has captured the soul of that time (now this time) with a haunting quality -- but not broody or melancholy -- that illustrates an ability to live in a way that was real and enjoy what they had, however meager.  It is obvious that Zooey loves to sing and with this album, she captures the mood of the post WWII era while sounding delightfully playful at the same time.  I can't think of a better vehicle than a Christmas album to do this.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I love this app much better than the stock keyboard app that came with my phone. It anticipates what I type better, and it seems to anticipate my pattern of typing. Great A. I. I don't know what I would do with out this app.
B003H9M1QM|5.0|This is a classic, a must have for anyone! Who does not love Dumbo? All Disney classics like this are must haves!!
030788743X|5.0|Read Player One is crack for the 80's nerd's brain, which will soak up every word while the head it resides in nods along, agreeing with the overwhelming sense of, \\"Yeah, I remember that. Wow.\\"  The details in the novel are top notch, with every minute geek factoid presented with the care of a research paper, yet the poetic flow that only someone deeply in love with their source material could bring.   If you are a child of the 80's, a science fiction fan, or just wonder what nonsense inside jokes your parents throw out that you're vaguely sure are Star Wars related, read this.
B0062IQNG4|5.0|i am so in love with this, the other twilight soundtracks are great and so is this. a thousand years is so beautiful. and this is cheaper than buying on itunes.
B005NPBTQ6|5.0|Since the day this album came out, I have been listening to it, getting deeper into, and really loving it for what it is:  A great collection of songs.  I'm a big fan of his early solo work up through \\"Easy Tiger,\\" but he lost me with \\"Cardinology.\\"  Despite the often somber lyrics, there is a great sense of hope and optimism through this record.  If you are looking for the next \\"Cold Roses,\\" this certainly isn't it.  I would have enjoyed an album with just Ryan and his guitar, and this might be the closest thing we get to that.  The production adds a fullness to each song without being distracting.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|i had never seen these movies all the way through ,until i bought this set .i loved every minute,the video is spectacular and the DTS HD MA 6.1 just sounds wonderful,all the cgi added makes it better in my opinion,if you want to see a really good looking and sounding bluray i would recomend this set....<br /><br />this is all my opinion,i dont care about the original theater release,i want the best picture and sound possible when i watch movies ,and this release has both ...
0062060554|2.0|I did not get past the first few paragraphs of the preview.  I simply prefer a good story that can make it without crude language.  I'm really disappointed because I wanted to buy the book.
0811875040|1.0|I am an avid baker; have been at it for over 20 years.  Nothing I made from this recipe book came out as I expected.  The recipes are sometimes complex but I followed them carefully.  It is a waste of money but more importantly, a waste of good time, ingredients and expectations.
B004TYW2EA|5.0|My bluetooth device recognizes KOKKIA even if it is connected to my mobile phone. I-Pod automatically pauses whenever calls come in. Perfect for my biking routine.
B005MYEQ9U|5.0|Well I'll give it five stars! This is a masterful, vivid presentation of a truly great opera; one of the very best of it's genre. Yes, this is Donizetti's first great international success. He would write many more great and not so great works numbering in the 70s but he would not exceed this tight,well crafted, non-stop drama to its forgone ending; a true work of genius. My introduction to this work dates to the late fifties when on radio I heard rebroadcasts of RIAA broadcasts of Callas in the role (with Simionato) from La Scala. I really got to know the work at NYC Opera with Sills and the subsequent recordings of the Donizetti Tudor Queens. If Callas was a tigress (and she was), Sills was affronted majesty, Gruberovna betrayed innocence but with Netrebko we have all three stages of development to the great climax at the end. You can quibble as some reviwers have about her voice type but in the end it's the art that Netrebko puts into the role that counts and this performance on the whole is simply great. I agree that the most satisfying scene is the Bolena/Seymour duet. The ice blond Garanca and the ravenhair Netrebko in a duo made in heaven. The male members do a good job in their roles. Meli's A! cosi neidi ridenti (an exquisite gem of a melody) was lackluster but he became more lyrical later in the opera. D'Arcangelo, not the handsomest face on the roster made a fervent creditable king. The costumes were excellent especially the two ladies gowns that complemented them so beautifully. Evelino Pido kept a tight reign on the entire undertaking and brought forth a truly magnificent performance.
B005I64U66|3.0|The 2011 film `Horrible Bosses' does so many things right but still gets only -3 Stars- out of 5 on my review scale. In other words, yea I enjoyed the movie but don't really care to sit through it again. It's kind of a surprise since I enjoy all the major actors and actresses in the cast (and there are a lot of rather well known ones in minor roles), the storyline is well paced, the dialogue witty and the subject matter something that most working adults out there can relate to on some level. Hasn't everyone hated their boss at one time or another?<br /><br />Yet with all those positives going for it I found `Horrible Bosses' lacking that indefinable something necessary to transform a good film into a great one. Well worth a viewing, you'll definitely get a laugh or two from this one. But will you look forward to a repeat viewing? I doubt it.
0553801473|2.0|Along with many other fans of this series I am disappointed with the direction this series has taken. This is easily the worst written book of the series, and as far as storyline goes, along with A Feast of Crows, should have been edited down to peharps the first two hundred pages of a real novel, one that would have have moved the series forward.<br />  I really have to wonder what the writers at HBO are going to have to do to make these books palatable for a television audience. There are so many new characters, so many new viewpoints, that the story has gotten completely bogged down. And Martin doesn't just tell us what they are saying, we have to know everything that they are thinking as well. Add to that he's been giving us glimpses into the disatnt past of the land by sliding in snippets of ancient legends and myths that we have no reference points to, or any real reason to care about anyway.<br />  At first I was glad to see that he has included the maps to the Free Cities and the lands to the East, but this was short-lived. Much of the story takes place in these lands, asnd so we have to have endless descriptions of the customs and food and governments of these places that just serves to take up space. A lot of space.. What it also does is take is away from the main plot in the first three novels, which is Who will eventually sit on the Iron Throne of Westeros. We cared about what happened to Arya and Jon and Bran, but now they are such a small part of the overall plot that they no longer seem importanat, or relevant to the resolution of the main storyline.<br />  The plot, what there is of one, isn't very interesting, and much if not all of the action takes place off stage, like the battle for Winterfell. There are no surprises, no stunning developments or character deaths that made the first three novels so much fun to read.<br />  One last observation. Martin seems to take perverse delight in humiliating his characters, both great and small. Tyrion, Sasnsa, Arya, Asha, Theon, Cersei, the list goes on and on. It all began actually when Eddard agreed to allow Sasna's dorewolf Lady be killed, thus dooming her to the role of a pretty pawn. This trait has gotten much, much more pronounced in this novel. So much so that several of the chapters are nearly impossible to get through without physically cringing. What this leaves us with are a group of characters so flawed, so affected, that we don't have anyone left to root for. And those characters that we did care about, are so far out of the mainstream that what they do can't possibly seem to matter anyway.<br />  By the time Martin gets to finishing Book Six of this never-ending story, HBO will have to hire all new actors for the televison series. Or maybe they will rewrite these last two books, and edit them, the way this one should have been edited in the first place. Better yet, they should probably just skip it all together.
B002TYZKIM|3.0|...play on words jokingly for a Just ok, behind scenes pre-concert prep stuff; dont have more to say about it, @ least for right now.    (i generally like j5 & especially mj-some music & vids of his; of course they both also have good, timeless music between them.)
B0019N94X6|5.0|quick ship and the quality of this ScarFace DVD on blu-ray was amazing. So strange how they can remaster an old film and make it look so clear, colorful and perfect.  Had a skip in the first one, a new one was sent right out and the seller followed through. Love this Classic with Al Pacino.
B005974CNA|5.0|In all that has been said and written about the departure of founding member and drummer Mike Portnoy, the big question has been, \\"What will the band sound like without him?\\" Enter \\"A Dramatic Turn of Events\\"...  In describing this album versus their previous music, a familiar phrase applies; \\"The more things change, the more they stay the same.\\" This is your old friend Dream Theater, AND it is your new, elightened friend Dream Theater! Each song on this album is unquestionably Dream Theater. The new drummer seems to slide right into the mix effortlessly. So as not to write too much about the drummer change, let's say that 1) his musicianship fits the band very well, and 2) as you would expect from the best, he brings his own subtle flavor to the music. No matter what you think of Mike P, this is still a good thing. They have, and should, moved on.  The opening piece, On the Backs of Angels, is a natural extension of where the band was headed with Dark Clouds... However, even in this piece, the change in whose writing/influencing the lyrics becomes noticable. Throughout this song, and continuing on through the rest of the album, there is a palpitable lift of spirit in the band. Even on songs with a darker edge, such as the second song, Build Me Up, Break Me Down (a song about the ironic dicotomy of being a famous entertainer), the band feels like it is always seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. This is a band that has at once grown and found some emotional relief in the process.   Beyond the overall change in demeanor on this album, the band sounds more like...well, a band....than they have previously. If it is possible, this line-up, at least on this CD, feels more cohesive than on any album since either Scenes from a Memomry or Images and Words. Sonically, the band seems to be expanding their reach, ever so subtlely. There some interesting sonic choices made throughout the album, from some beautiful keyboard and background fill choices to some choices in song feel you might not have expected from DT in the past. There are many subtle and enjoyable surprises cast throughout. I hear something different each time through!  The other thing you will hear is a somewhat more aggressive riff carrying through most of these songs by John P. Each song is quick to remind you of just how good of a guitar player he really is. Likewise Jordon Rudess, John Myung and James LeBrie each have their moments, as they have in the past. The difference here is that, for the most part, even these efforts seem focussed more on the greater whole than on the individual moment.  From a \\"Best Song\\" standpoint, it is once again hard to pick. There are truly no bad songs, or even average ones, on this album. The ones that have most impressed me thus far include Lost Not Forgotten, Bridges in the Sky, Outcry, and Breaking All Illusions. However, to skip any song on this album seems to take away from the whole...that is not something I would have said about most of the previous albums outside of Scenes from a Memory.  After the stellar performance that is Dark Clouds and Silver Linings, and after going through the departure of Mike Portnoy, I would not have thought I would be saying this....DT continues to just get better. How does the best prog-rock band do that? I don't know, but there are some lessons in it for the rest of us. And, here's hoping it continues!  Don't Miss Out On A Dramatic Turn of Events. A must for any music fan's collection, period!
B0041KKYCY|2.0|My title says it all! This movie has no plot. It's the standard rape and girl gets even with the men creatively. It was very disappointing in its presentation and dialogue. The official review, along with the illustration, is not accurately protrayed. It's guaranteed to put one asleep if they have probems sleeping.
B005D0RDKW|5.0|This show is incredible! I saw it on Palladia a few nights back and I am still blown away by how great the band sounded!!!!!!  This has to be their best DVD yet! :D  Geddy might not be able to sing like he used to, but the band's STELLAR musicianship that just seems to get better and better (and better!) just about completely makes up for that! :)
B0058VW36U|5.0|This little game is fun, addicting, and slightly challenging. My only wish is that it were not so easy but still a great game!
B00006CXSS|5.0|Every American should watch this.  Then, thank a Veteran for their service so you can watch this magnificent piece of cinema.  The cinematography is spectacular.  The special effects make you feel like you're right there.  In fact, I have a friend back from Iraq who cannot watch certain scenes b/c they are too lifelike.  This is that special, once-in-a-lifetime series that is indescribable.<br /><br />Thank you to Stephen Ambrose for writing the book.  Thank you to HBO for producing it.  Thank you Vets for your sacrifices, no matter the conflict, your actions make it possible for me to live in freedom.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|1st off..i'm not a fan of Metallica. I find them pedestrian and generic as Metal goes..and i've never been a fan of Hetfields growling vocals. As for Lou Reed..well..Rock and Roll Animal was great..but mainly because of his ace backing band. Remember \\"Metal Machine Music\\"? Imagine that monstrosity including ambient noise and Metallica..throw in some pretentious spoken word crap..and you have Lulu. God awful bad stuff! Drums as anal and sterile as ever..Hetfields growls are more grating than usual..Reed is simply boring..and no guitar solos. A big risk..and bigger mistake..for both parties...one star is being kind!
B002ZG9846|4.0|..But I'll get to that in a sec.  I thought this movie ruled on many levels, all having  to do with Hit Girl, Big Daddy, and the quality of the fillmaking itself.  This movie is incredibly violent - some people say the violence is supposed to be satirical, but I don't buy that.  Kick Ass the character is a lame-o faux superhero created by a dork high school kid who is fed up with innocent people getting screwed over by bad men.  He gets in over his head though and almost gets killed by thugs before his life is saved by Hit Girl and Big Daddy - a father daughter team of actual crime fighters who are attempting to bring down the city's boss of crime through the use of hard core no mercy violence.  Honestly Kick Ass is the weakest character in the film by a large margin.  He's a whiner, he's weak, he's stupid (gets easily duped by an obvious phony - the Red Mist); he's basically an idiot.  When he walks into a den of hardened, drug dealing, knife and gun wielding killers and starts talking big the movie almost sinks under the weight of it's own execution.  But then Hit Girl and Big Daddy appear and this film gets seriously awesome.  I thought the filmmakers decision to go ALL OUT with the violence was bold and refresingly different.  And yes I realize that it's kindof ridiculous to refer to ultraviolence as refreshing, but I'm tired of Hollywood's habit of pg13-ing their films for the sake of the the box office take.  Most superhero films suck because they are so vanilla and inoffensive that they end up being basically fluff.  The fillmakers on Kick Ass went in the exact opposite direction and made a film that probably had to be edited for content to avoid an NC-17 rating.  The one scene that genuinely disturbed was when Hit Girl brutally kills a fleeing woman.  But again I think my revulsion of that particular bit is overshadowed by my admiration of the filmmakers for having the guts to pull no punches in the realization of their vision.  There are action sequences here that are as good or better than any I have ever seen.  The plot twists sometimes don't make sense - there is a bit where Dave (Kick Ass's alter ego) pretends to be gay that really sucked - and Kick Ass himself is the film's weakest link but on the whole this film rules.  I don't think the filmmakers were trying to satirize anything, I think they were trying to make a good violent action flick.  Which they did.re that are as good or better than any I have ever seen.  The plot twists sometimes don't make sense - there is a bit where Dave (Kick Ass's alter ego) pretends to be gay that really sucked - and Kick Ass himself is the film's weakest link but on the whole this film rules.  I don't think the filmmakers were trying to satirize anything, I think they were trying to make a good violent action flick.  Which they did.
B004EPYZQM|2.0|I purchased this product because the title of the product advertised \\"... + Digital Copy in DVD Packaging\\"  I was extremely upset and dissapointed when I found that the digital download code had expired and is not redeemable.  Misleading Advertisement!!
B002I0J5FG|5.0|I have been a fan of Fumito Ueda's games for many years. The original releases of these two games rank among my personal favorites and as soon as I heard they would receive the HD remastering treatment I was elated! These are unique games and probably quite different than others that most have experienced. The uniqueness (and strength) of ICO/Shadow is how beautifully the worlds are crafted--the synergy of the art, plot, gameplay, design--and how that profound attention to detail creates a surprisingly emotional experience for the player.<br /><br />Regarding the remastering in particular, the improvement of the visuals is fantastic. I'm a big fan of 3D for games: many argue/complain that, at least in movies, 3D is and always will be a gimmick because it can not add anything to the movie that you lose without 3D. In contrast, games are built to be interactive and immersive, and adding stereoscopic 3D bolsters the player's connection to these worlds. With 3D, it feels much more like viewing a window into a different world. Additionally, stereoscopic 3D helps to improve depth perception in games.<br /><br />I have no complaints about these games, but some people find the controls off-putting. The controls do not convey the same sort of precision you might expect in a platformer game, but this was a deliberate design choice to convey instead a feeling of heaviness. Ultimately, it is another detail that influences how the player experiences the game. With a little bit of practice, you learn what to expect and how to anticipate how the controls react. So, don't worry about the controls.<br /><br />I highly recommend these games to everyone interested in a different kind of game experience. In my opinion, video games are another medium for expression of art, emotion, and story. If any game collection were able to make a strong case for the games-as-art argument, it is this collection.
B005SV9X22|5.0|This Concert was a great experience. I was lucky enough to experience this show in Oakland, California. Gaga remains energetic throughout the whole show. She constantly pumps up the audience and tells them to dance. The setlist is great! She performs all of the hits, along with the non-singles from both The Fame, and The Fame Monster. The show is basically like a broadway play, with Gaga and her friends trying to make it to The Monster Ball. The Costumes are Amazing, and there is plenty of them too! ;) The Bonus Features are A Photo Gallery, An Acapella Version of Born This Way, and Behind the Scenes Content!   SO IF YOUR READY TO HAVE SOME FUN THEN GET YOURS PAWS ON THIS DVD CUZ YOU WERE BORN THIS WAY!
B003YFIUW8|5.0|Let me begin by saying that I am a harsh critic, but I put this book right up there with my other four favorites: Dark Places, Trapped, Perfect Match, and To Kill a Mockingbird. Definitely a great read.
B0000026NC|4.0|I'll be right up front. I bought this album because of Comfortably Numb. I've seen Floyd live twice, once w/Waters once without...truly, musically, I didn't notice any difference...Aesthetically, it was nice to see Water's on stage w/the others; at the time, I didn't realize he wouldn't be there much longer. But back to why I bought this album when I already have all of their albums; I think this version of Comfortably Numb is the best they've done. Gilmore's guitar solo for this performance was, IMHO, his best. I'll copy it and a couple other cuts off of this album to a CD of other Floyd's \\"best versions according to me\\" and enjoy it for years to come...that's it. I'm spending the money for one guitar solo! Call me nuts.
1601251505|5.0|Much better than D&D 4.0, & Pathfinder didn't over work the plumbing.  Easier to use, without weaking your character.  Pathfinder is a far better product than D&D 4.0.  I've been playing for 30 plus years, wait did I just admit to playing D&D for 30 years.  Wow.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|The cd arrived later than I expected but it was perfect, brand new, and deluxe which IS what I expected. The cd itself is amazing to say the least and I'm glad amazon had it cheaper and in stock for the pre-sale. Great buy.
B000002H97|1.0|i bought this when it came out iwas horrified when i listened to it,i threw it off a bridge and watched a truck smash it , metallica died with cliff burton,he would have never played this wussy crap,and they go down hill with each release! this is not the metallica i discovered in 1983,this album sounds like stuff they used to make fun of,no thrash here! avoid at all costs!
B005XI9456|5.0|A solid album as Christmas albums go. Bieber could have just recorded a bunch of old Christmas songs like some artists do (cough, Buble, cough), but most of the songs are original. The songs range from good to excellent, with the original songs being the better ones.<br /><br />The album spans a lot of genres: traditional, R&B, pop, country and rap, so for the same reason you probably won't like all the songs, unless you have eclectic tastes (which happen to include rap - mine don't).<br /><br />\\"Christmas Eve\\" is great; it sounds like something out of the Golden Age of R&B. You have to hear the whole thing through several times to appreciate it.<br /><br />\\"All I Want is You\\" is a good Christmas pop song, sort of like George Michael's \\"Last Christmas\\"<br /><br />As for the rest of the songs, there are other good reviews here. Not so much the ones obviously written by pimply tween boys obsessed with \\"hating\\" (LOL, yeah, right) Bieber, but the adult, or a least \\"Verified Purchase\\" reviews.
B005DZMODI|1.0|Hello.<br />This concert, despite its technically perfect recording, is a very disappointing performance. Both musiciens don't fit at all. And the selection of the themes are unlucky.<br />Bye
B003U0AHBO|4.0|What a superb movie. It's too bad that this offering/update of the Robin Hood story fared poorly at the box office. Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett are stellar and their supporting cast also does a wickedly good job.  I honestly hope Ridley Scott and Russell Crowe can find a way to get a sequel to the screen. (I'm not hopeful however.... I believe there's a ready audience for Crowe to reprise his role as Captain Jack Aubrey from Patrick O'Brien's 18th-century British navy series, but that movie (\\"Master and Commander - the far Side of the World\\") also fared poorly at the box office and I don't think there are any plans for a sequel.)  While we can quibble about 21st-century politics being projected back on to events of a millennium earlier, there are some valuable points we citizens and our politicians should heed (even if the \\"teaching points\\" are more than somewhat anachronistic).   We would do well to remember that wealth is generated by the individual and government should be in the business (pardon the purposeful pun) of protecting individual initiative and effort. When government is in the business of squeezing out every last penny (whether real or perceived) or begins to feel (as ours in the U.S. seems to be acting) that the citizenry exists to fund a massively-bloated, special-interests budget, the Common Good suffers and prosperity tanks.  Not sure where Scott and Crowe stand vis-a-vis Ayn Rand, but many of the fundamental points Rand makes in \\"Atlas Shrugged\\" are echoed quite loudly in \\"Robin Hood.\\" If intended, kudos! If not, I'm thrilled for the unintentional plug for Libertarianism/Objectivism.  Our government was founded on the principle of government protecting the individual's rights to \\"life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness (economic and social mobility thru opportunity).\\" Does our government still do this? Yes, but less so each and every day. Sorry if this causes offense - but Barack Obama sounds more and more like King John each day. And Congress acts more and more like royal lapdogs each day - especially the Democratic Party. The Tea Party was criticized for pushing the debt ceiling issue. But they were right to do so. If they hadn't, it would have been \\"business as usual\\" in Washington.   Talk is cheap and promises to bring down the national debt have so far been empty promises. The northern barons of \\"Robin Hood\\" put aside principle in order to defend England from French attack based solely on King John's word that he would sign a charter acknowledging royal respect of basic individual liberties. We saw how the movie ended and that too is our end if we don't push for real action from our political leaders.  \\"I am John Galt.\\"
B00001P4RI|5.0|Long have I desired to have a copy of this marvelous record.  Despite the fact Perry's first record after splitting Dead Can Dance is far from the classic sound of the duo, EYE OF THE HUNTER is nothing short of breathtaking.  Perry decided for a very intimate and acoustic intrumentation which does not mean the album lacks power and intensity, on the contrary, the record is full of those moments that send shivers down your spine thanks to the sheer depth and emotion of Perry's voice.<br /><br />Some of these tracks have become favourites and are still played live to this day.  MEDUSA is one of the saddest and most tragic songs that Perry has ever written and that says a lot.  The rest of the album follows the same pattern of acoustic guitar plus some other acoustic instruments like violin, mandolin and flute but never sounds repetitive or boring, far from it.<br /><br />A great record and a great debut solo album.
0385534639|4.0|An unusual circus is the setting for this interesting story. There are magicians who use trickery and then there are magicians who can do magical things. The story is about the latter. Two young kids are trained in different traditions of magic and then are used as pawns to determine which master is better. That they fall in love complicates the duel somewhat. This is a delightfully spun yarn about magic, dreams, hopes, family, love and destiny.
B005N0PJJO|5.0|I really wish I could manually add a 6th star to Amazon for this book. I never would have believed it was possible but Fifty Shades Darker is even better than Fifty Shades of Grey. Hard to believe, but true. Reading this book reminded me of a quote that I love by Alan Cohen, \\"Scared and sacred are spelled with the same letters. Awful proceeds from the same root word as awesome. Terrify and terrific. Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation.\\" Reading Fifty Shades Darker is like witnessing metamorphosis in action.   What I love the most about this book is the way the events and characters change and develop. I love that Christian Grey transforms from utterly immovable to flexible. Every negative emotion he feels eventually becomes something positive, or at least something he can learn and grow from. He learns the delicate balance between give and take. He learns to open his heart and to accept love--and he learns to give it as well. Everything cold becomes warm, and everything hot--well that's about the only thing that stays the same, still hot.   These two characters are so contradictory and conflicting, and yet complement each other so well. Each trial, every obstacle, every hardship the two experiences are overcome and ultimately strengthen the relationship. This is truly one of the most amazing love stories I've read.   I would like to add one more thing regarding a popular misconception about this book. I've read a lot of comments from readers saying it is too far out of their comfort zone because of the BDSM elements. I would like to address this because I don't think readers should shy away from it for that reason. EL James has a way of writing that brings out the heat in a love scene (I literally get butterflies sometimes while reading) but in my opinion she does it in a very tasteful way. I've read other BDSM novels and I think these books should really be classified as mild erotica, which contain some MILD elements of BDSM.   There is a well defined plot with well developed characters. The romance is both sweet (I love the emails between the characters) and steamy, and to me the sex scenes do not feel gratuitous. It really is just an amazing and beautiful love story, and I think the BDSM elements are an integral element the plot in this novel.
B005IEF27O|5.0|Like every other Primus album, this one takes a bit of time to fully appreciate. My first impression was mixed, but I think I'm going to like the entire album. I shouldn't have had any doubt. Les Claypool is a genius.
B001UV4XI8|4.0|Just a note that you can no longer get the digital copy. I purchased it with the DVD/blu-ray and digital copy only to go online to download it and was told that's not possible anymore.
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|Cars was a picture about humanity vs. corporate mentality (perhaps even Fascism)) that left you sobbing at the beauty crafted into each of the main characters and the tale. In all previous PIXAR projects, the care that went into the whole concept elevated them all to instant classic status, and while I was glad to see the topic of Cars 2 broach the the theme of corporate excess and the need to develop alternative energy, it fell flat on it's face when it degenerated into barely better then Scooby Doo shtick... I wished I had waited for Red Box, but I always love to see PIXAR's stuff on the big screen. Not THIS time! PIXAR! Did you lose creative control on this one? Release schedule too tight? Maybe you were afraid of taking the next step in Radiator Springs story! Things are tougher today than ever. The big guys are crapping all over the little guys and the big guys are the oil companies and bankers who are driving this insane global market where everybody has to buy from halfway around the globe. We HAVE TO streamline ALL manufacture and sales to the shortest distances from the mines, to the factories, to the consumers, and NOT from the mines, to Wall Street, to investors, to other investors, to the factories, to Wall Street, to Investors, to distributors, To Wall Street, to Stores, to Wall Street, to consumers, to the LANDFILLS! A healthy economy is economical! That's where the damn word comes from! It's not called a healthy gluttony! This story has to be told in a format that will reach all generations, and give us a clear picture of the problems we all create by believing that wealth and fossil fuel is bottomless and unending... We have technology that would allow EVERYONE on the planet to work part of the year and have a higher standard of living than average Americans today! Instead, a handful of stinking stupid rich waste more than the 99% could ever use! Radiator Springs is OUR STORY, THIS STORY, and it must be told! ...or we could all just sit around watching some stupid spy cartoon...
B003VANOFY|1.0|Well, I don't know what all those with the positive reviews received, but the headphones I got (TWICE, after hating the first set, too) can't reproduce a bass note for squat.  The first time I was hoping I simply got a defective set, but the next ones were just as bad.  I put in a simple instrumental CD to try them out--NOT a bass-heavy rap track, but rather a simple jazzy tune with light, snappy bass lines, AND left the headset settings on default, not emphasizing any part of the spectrum.  My results?  \\"Splat, splat, splat\\"--the woofers sound like cheap cardboard speakers after they've started going bad.  I expect a LOT more than that from a $160 set of headphones (Amazon price $120).  For the record, I do NOT have any predetermined ill-will or grudge with Logitech--I've always heard they're pretty good, and expected a quality item.  I truly expected to love these--people say they sound great, and I really wanted the freedom of the wireless design.  I was NOT expecting to be disappointed with these--but I most-definitely AM now.  I listen to a lot of music, and out of necessity (living in an apartment complex), I must use headphones often.  I also play a lot of games on the computer, and use headphones for movies as well.  I refuse to listen to poorly reproduced sound of this magnitude--my cheapo wired headphones blow these things away, and they were probably $50 or so.  I won't discount the possibility that Logitech may have got a bad batch from their manufacturer, but I will not be reordering these again.  \\"Fool me twice, shame on me\\", as the saying goes.  I AM still willing to try other Logitech products, just not these headphones.  I can't tell you how bummed I am about this--I was really looking forward to getting these.  I guess I'll just keep looking.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|There is no better Bible App on Android.  It helped me read the entire Bible in multiple Translations in 1 year.
B0000640RX|4.0|Although the second and third installments are just \\"shoot 'em up\\" actioners, the first movie ia an excellent story, with a well thought out political subtext pointing out the difficulties Vietnam vets endured reacclimating themselves in a country where its populace was filled with hatred.
1451627289|5.0|After Stephen King was struck by a van driven by a careless driver in 1999, he made noises about retiring and enjoying the good life, paid for by all the sweat he had put into the three decades of his career.   While this would have certainly been understandable, I am ever so glad that whatever it is that drives him to write persisted in doing so.   His recent work, including \\"Under The Dome,\\" \\"Duma Key,\\" and \\"Full Dark, No Stars\\" has been respectable, and certainly better than much of the cocaine-fueled material from the 1990s, but as a King fan since the days of \\"The Stand\\" and \\"Carrie\\" and \\"Salem's Lot,\\" I feel confident in pronouncing \\"11/22/63\\" King's best work in a decade or more.  So, on to the book itself: there are no creepy monsters, no slimy Lovecraftian horrors, no shambling reanimated corpses -- just a guy who is given the means to travel back in time to 1958 and who decides to use this ability to attempt to prevent the assassination of President John Fitzgerald Kennedy.   Oh, and the unforeseen consequences of changing the past. Did I mention that there were unforeseen consequences?
B0010KHOS0|4.0|This verison of \\"Walk the Line\\" is the best way to see this movie. The added elements flesh out the characters, making ofr a better film overall.
0307272702|5.0|Changed my life. I have spent the last two years as a Vegan, thinking i had the healthiest diet ever and this book turned everything i ever believed upside down in the best way possible. This book changed my life and diet completely. I now have NO stress about food or calories and what they are going to do to my body. This book is so incredibly informative and life changing, i recommend everyone read it.
B001ILFUDM|5.0|I don't even think it is close, with the exception of \\"Lady and the Tramp.\\" This is the greatest Disney Film ever made, filled with laughs, tears and frights, Disney outdid themselves with this film.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|I love this game, I own it for several game systems and computers, but this one let's me play about 1 game then just shuts down, please fix!
B0000AUHPG|5.0|Mr. overrated himself -- Clint Eastwood -- wishes he could have bene a part of or made a western as good as this movie. There is no western better, and that is a fact.
B004I8WD6E|3.0|The flash reflects on the case so your picture will look washed out! Even without the flash, the photos still look washed out. I experimented several times with and without flash and my photos are not crisp! This is frustrating when I bought the Iphone 4s with a better camera! The case is also somewhat slippery. I like that it's not too thick and clunky. BUT, it's too high at the front which gets in the way of using the sides of the phone (i.e. when moving apps to different screen, playing games). It might be good for some folks, but doesn't work for me.  I'm returning it and getting the elago S4 Slim Fit Case (hopefully this new case will work better). Amazon's return policy is great!
1451627289|5.0|it is now 19+ for this book... AND SO WORTH IT!!! I am as broke as they come, but art is art man, and this book is well worth far more than a 20 spot. I am still awaiting its arrival in the mail, but i have already got my 20 dollars worth of excitement just waiting for it. I know not having read makes me not have the right to post five stars, but come on man, to be this excited about anything makes it have a high rating. You can count on a King novel being awesome so if your unsure of this product being worth 20 bucks, you should ask yourself if church is worth the gas to get to. (as a reader to a read vs. a sheep to his Shepard)
0525423656|1.0|This sequel was a let down. Very boring and tedious. It is hard to believe it is by the same author. May not buy the third because at this point I just don't care.
B005FITIDC|5.0|After I read the book I could not wait for the movie to come out. I have seen it three times. It was excellent. A very moving and strong story of a man's efforts to change the lives of so many children for the better and his own life eventually.  Sam  Childers is a great man and Gerard Butler portrayed him perfectly; his performance is Oscar worthy.  Everyone should see this movie and learn from it.  I will definitely buy the dvd.
B00002MZ4V|1.0|What a joke! The physical cd is $12 and the mp3 download is $16.  Why would I pay more for less?  Yes, let's encourage waste of plastic, shipping, etc.  Nice job company setting prices!
B004J4XGN6|5.0|The author does a nice job of making his case for driving innovation and actual success by rationally and intentionally determining what success looks like for your team before you spend energy on building the dream and hoping for success.  Success is personal and transient, in any endeavour.  I enjoyed the read and found several motivating concepts to impact day to day innovation.<br /><br />Worth your time to read if you are trying to drive change....big or small.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|At first I could not get file upload to work,  then I realized I was using IE. Silly me. Switched to firefox and everything works.
B004D9FLJE|3.0|A next story of schooling where teens look and act maturer than their teachers while teachers live their lives of hated each other, being cheated by closed and enjoying sex as much as their pupils.<br /><br />Very nice music!
1401233376|4.0|When I first heard about Flashpoint, I was really excited, because the Flash is one of my favorite characters and I thought it was about time that he got his own 'event' title. Then DC started sharing information about the DCnU, and the corners of the interwebz that I hang out in were extremely not happy with many of the new developments, and I sort of lost my enthusiasm.   But conflicted feelings about the DCnU aside, I decided earlier this week that hey, you know, maybe I actually really did want to read this book. And after finishing it tonight, I decided that yup, that was a pretty good decision.  If you are picking this book up as an intro to the DCnU, or just because, and you don't have an encyclopedic knowledge of DC Canon, there are a few things you might want to look up/know before you start reading:  *Barry Allen's back story. I actually think that he has one of the least complicated back stories in DC canon, but you're going to want to know at least something about the Flash and/or the Flash's world before you start reading, or else the main plot point -- that his whole world has changed! -- isn't going to have any emotional pull at all.  *Batman's origin story. (If you've read a Batman book, or seen a Batman movie, you'll know the origin story.)  *Captain Marvel: I'm only nominally familiar with Captain Marvel, and when the Captain Marvel iteration showed up in this book, I was really, really confused.  This book does a great job of staying true to the style of the stories that Geoff Johns was writing for The Flash, while incorporating one of my favorite tropes (a choice in the past wreaks havoc with the future), and for bringing some supporting characters to the forefront (Cyborg!). It's a fast read, and a good read, and I highly recommend it.
0312330537|5.0|I ran across this bestselling page turner while preparing for a trip to India. What a great book! It's about an Australian fugitive (but really a good guy) who finds his way to Mumbai and how he integrates himself into the society. You get to see Indian culture from a westerner's perspective in a story that is a very entertaining read.  The main character even lives in a Mumbai slum for part of the story. To an American, a slum is a fearful place. Not so much in India. I was prepared to accept the slums as just another part of the Mumbai landscape after reading this book. The places described in the book - Oberoi Hotel, Leopold Caf, the Haji Ali Mosque (on an island) and many others are all real and I got to see several of them during my visit to Mumbai.  The plot of the book moves along very well and always kept my interest. If you like action stories this is a book for you. But it's not mindless action. There is a deep exploration of suffering, happiness and the meaning of life. And if you like a story that explores differences in culture and how diverse people get along (or sometimes don't) then you'll read some great examples of the good and bad sides of humanity.  Highly recommended!
B000B8QG4A|5.0|The video arrived very promptly. This was one of my sons favorite movie as a child. I've seen this movie a million times. It is a classic.
1401207529|5.0|This is a great novel. It really gives you a great origin story for Batman, and it gives you a rare look at the transition from Bruce Wayne to Batman.  It's also a great place to start if you've never read a graphic novel or aren't a huge fan of comics. Whereas something like The Dark Knight Returns (which is also excellent, by the way) is a bit more out there and imaginative, this book is a realistic, gritty approach that is an excellent read.
0385738773|5.0|One of my favorite series!<br />I didn't think Dashner could end this series with a bang, but boy did he! I hate to see a series end but at least this series ended amazingly even though there were sad moments. Newt, oh Newt! I can't believe what happened to you! *TEARS* Even though i'm not gonna say! Let me say that i liked Teresa in the first book but as the series progressed i seriously started to hate her. But i don't like what happened to her in the end. I must say i am team Brenda. Minho, (if thats how you spell his name) love him and his hot temper! Thomas, he's amazing in every book!<br />The action in these books are always great! One thing after another after another. Oh i think we're safe. NOT!!! Never. And the final factor they \\"needed\\" for the cure......Really? Glad rat man got what was coming to him. Damn Psycho!<br />The ending was great, i loved it! I recommend this series to everyone! If you read the first book but couldn't get past the language, try again, because you'll be a pro on their language by the end of the book so it won't even matter! But great series and i'm sad to see it go!
0740797719|5.0|This is one of the best purchase I ever did and it arrived quickly. I appreciated the possibility of looking inside the book before ordering. The packing was excellent
1423140591|5.0|Loved! Rick Riordan, you are an amazing author! Amazing. This book picks up starts with as we know, the son of neptune, Percy Jackson, who has no memory of his previous self but with flashes of Annabeth. This installment filled with so much action from the very beginning! That is one of the reasons why I love his books so much. All the adventures and drama! So glad be with Percy again and i loved the new characters he brought in this book. All the characters where great. They played there role perfectly. If you haven't check out The Lost Here (first book in the series), you should and then read this book. Can't wait for the next one. His endings, ugh! Like really Riordan, Really? Leaving me with all the suspense! Come on... I wanna know what happens next. NOW! Great book!
B005J0VPNC|5.0|I love this paper camera. its got the greatest paper effects from any camera app. I highly recommend this camera.
0142418471|4.0|This was an amazing book. Not the typical book I read but since so many people recommended it to me, i decided to check it out. Let me start off saying that i loved every single character. The Will Graysons! They are both alike and different in some ways. John's Will Grayson is like the dorky kid who keeps to himself besides his small group of friends. And what i like most about him is his relationship with Jane. Its just so cute. LOL! David's Will Grayson is the dark child, who hates the world and he's basically a loner who fights depression. But i love how his character develops throughout the story. He really is a sweet kid who just doesn't know how to express himself. But TINY! I love him. His character is just so fun but what you see in him towards the end of the book when he opens up about his feelings, anyone can relate to it.<br />Overall i loved this book! So glad i bought it and i recommend it to everyone.. I was a fun and entertaining read!
B000FC1AGG|5.0|I just loved this book!!!!!!!!! I finished in 2 days!! Its just amazing!!!! now that I'm done reading this book I miss it soooo much!!!! I think I'm like Emma, I just need to find my Jack :D!! U really need to read this book, It has everything on it!!!
014241543X|4.0|This book was great! Let me get right into it. THe first thing this reminded me of is when a person says they see their life flash before their eyes.  Mia has all these flashbacks of the past with her family. Let me start off saying that is so sad the way the accident happened. With this book you see Mia struggle with the ultimate decision to stay and live or to go  leave the world and die. You can see her emotions with the death of her family. You also deal with the emotions of her family and friends and how they are dealing with her being in  a coma.  I like that you get glimpses of her and Adam's relationships and their relatioship problems. The ending was what i hoped would happen. Its a great book and i enjoyed it and was a very quick read
0240810961|5.0|This book was the answer to all the questions I had about drawing.  I was looking for a book to help me how to draw the human body better, but couldn't find one so I looked for another source to help my drawing - an animation book.  This was better than any how-to-draw book or anatomy book.  It told me WHY I was drawing wrong better than my figure drawing teachers could. I will definately draw differently now with the principles in this book in mind.
1423113454|5.0|Rick Riordan, you've done it again! His books are just so fun and you feel as if your in the adventures with the characters. Sadie and Carter are fun. They remind me of of normal kids who bicker amongst each other constantly, which i love about them. I love the fact that you learn so much about Egypt and Greek Mythology in this book. Even more than in the Percy Jackson series of his, which i love also. The gods are hilarious, with their attitudes and their twisted sense of humor. Can't wait to read the Throne of Fire. This very fast pace. It goes from one adventure to another. It even starts off with an adventure. You never get bored. This book is for everyone. Whether your a kid, a teen, or even and adult. I believe everyone would love these stories
B001VM0LAK|4.0|This move is an updated version of a classic, The Day of the Jackal.<br /><br />The movie exceeded my expectations, and is worth a watch if you like thriller espionage type movies.<br /><br />I'll leave it to the other posts for the details, which I wouldn't read if you are planning on watching the movie.
0439023513|4.0|This book is actually great! The only part i don't like is about Prim. When i realized what happened, i cried. Towards the end the book got sadder and sadder with all the deaths that kept occurring. But i don't know why people don't like this book so much. I guess they don't like the book on the ending. Yes the ending with Prim and everything was sad but i'm happy that Katnis ended up with Peeta in the end. I didn't know i was team Peeta until this book. But overall i loved it. I guess Katnis doesn't speak with Gale anymore based on the end. IDK. But i wish this wasn't the end of a great trilogy.
B003L77GG0|5.0|There's a lot of criticism concerning the ending of this series like it ran out of gas, Welling punked out, etc.  When this series was just a few seasons old, the point was made that this show would not be about Superman, the suit, flying sequences, etc. Rather it's about Clark's long journey and evolution to his eventual destiny. With that being said, a hearty well done is in order for all that was involved in this incredible series of the greatest comic book hero ever.  All was done tastefully and in the true Smallville tradition. I'm gonna miss it, but thank God for these DVDs.
0385738765|5.0|Loved!Great sequel to the first book. Can't wait til the next one comes out.What these people do to the kids is crazy, but genius. Who thinks of stuff like that.James Dashner is an amazing author.I loved how he came up with the betrayal and how it all comes back around every time.Who is or is not immune to the Flare? WTF? Seriously, always another twist with these guys.I want to know how this all got start, how this all came about, who will survive, and what role these kids play in this experiment.Great book. I highly recommend this series!
B005BZQVF2|5.0|Enjoyed this movie but be careful since the unrated version contains language that sometimes may not be always appropriate for children.  Movie has a excellent story line, and moves along a a good pace with the two main characters providing a funny, yet realistic type of relationship with Paul - the visitor.
B005O93Q4E|5.0|For some reason when this came out I hesitated on buying it. The reasons for my hesitation was that it was not in my budget at this time to buy one cd let alone a couple of cd's and there was a couple of other bands that I had been wanting to get. Another reason was that I had heard the song irresistable force and although I thought it was a good song it was not blowing me away like the early Janes addiction had and I think I was worried about being disappointed and years ago I do not think I would have hesitated at all. I had been anticipating the release of this cd for a while and thought what the hell am I thinking...its Janes addiction I've gotta get this one. I am glad I did. I listened to it from start to finish and I found it in my opinion to be a very tight and well produced sounding album and listening to it this way I like the song irresistable force even more now because I think the album is very smooth and free flowing as a whole. Jane's addiction has definitely not disappointed me. I think that some of the fans (maybe not all of them) that did not like this album will change their minds after they listen to it from start to finish a couple of times. For me I thought it was great from the first listen and have been liking it more every time I do listen to it. Also I found the bass to be excellent and noticed it right away, but to each their own and thats enough of my rambling on, five stars for me.
B003L77G6A|5.0|I love The Big Bang Theory. Season four is just as entertaining as the previous three. I really enjoy the additional footage that you don't see just watching the programs.
B004ZNARH4|5.0|What can still be said about what may very well be the greatest album of all time? This set had heights it needed to reach, and it succeeded. You knew in a set like this you would get out-takes, and alternate mixes. And because Pink Floyd remains one of the best documented groups, the early takes done by them would also be included. I have long had a copy of the Alan Parson's Quad mixes - but these were never widely available. Listen to just those two sets, and you will hear things that, no matter how many times you have heard this work, you have not heard before. And you had to have live shows thrown in, along with the video piece that used to run on that large circular screen that sat behind the band. OK, so some of the miscellania that accompanies this box set may seem ... almost comical. But the two booklets and pictures are well put together, and the scarf is rather spiffy. No, I can give no reason why we get a set of 9 coasters and marbles - I am sure at some point one or another of Pink Floyd will give some whimsical reason why these will be in each set. As a first release of what will be 14 sets, they could have done far worse. Next up will be \\"wish You Were Here\\" and there we should find how much work was actually done in the compilation and construction of these sets.
B003PIUC02|5.0|I injoyed this when it was streaming from Netflix... Then i just had to share this with others in Blu-ray since the streaming ended for sum strange reason... It is VERY graphic in violence and sexuality but it is a tiny peek into what might have been... the cinematography is superior on many levels and the creativity is amazing and inspiring... too violent? it is about gladiators and not church sermons so be prepared for violent expression and the glorification of our human nature as a voyeuristic journey... and inJOY it... namaste
B001UV4XI8|5.0|I ordered the  combo on 3 November 2011 and love the movie on DVD and Blue ray but wonder why Amazon sels the combo including the digital copy that has expired.  When checking the site this evening noticed that they now dropped the digital copy from the title and reduced the price by $3.00 (from 12.99 to 9.99)  Receiving an email that the gave me $0.01 credit as part of the pre-order credit for Part 2 of the Deathly Hallows combo, does not change the feeling that they ripped me off for $3.00 by advertising it included a digital Copy while I can't download it.  Amazon, the ball is in your court, what are you doing about this?
B0058P7KUA|5.0|I really enjoyed this game, a lot, couldn't put it down until I finished the storyline :-)  Pure mindless fun. Loved it.
B004LWZW8I|1.0|Ye Gods, what have we here?<br /><br />\\"All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine\\", declares the frontispiece of Tarsem Singh's new 3D movie, Immortals, quoting Socrates the same way the preface to [[ASIN:B00006420U Conan the Barbarian]] quotes Nietzsche.<br /><br />Immortality and divinity: I'm not altogether sure what the difference is, and a cursory visit to the Google to get an explanation of Socrates' quote didn't enlighten me. All the same I wonder what the father of philosophers would have made of this film. I doubt he would have thought it immortal, much less divine. He may have asked someone to pass the hemlock. In any case Singh's metaphysics seem to halt at the frontispiece and, so one is obliged to draw succour from other quarters.<br /><br />By the law of unintended consequences there were some:  For example, there is the lesson \\"it is all relative\\". Until today, I thought [[ASIN:B003L772E6 The Last Airbender]] was an irredeemably poor film; I left this one asking my editor whether I could upgrade its rating so I could make room for this one at the bottom of the heap. At least Airbender was funny. OK; not intentionally, but if you've contracted to sit still in the dark for two hours, you must take you pleasures wherever you may find them. Pleasures were few and far between for the one hour, 50 minutes of Immortals.<br /><br />Immortals isn't funny, accidentally or on purpose. Nor is it divine, and I doubt it will be immortal, whatever Socrates might have said. Interminable is more like it.<br /><br />I have absolutely no idea who Singh thinks the target market is: it has enough gore, blood, guts and the odd silhouetted breast to vouchsafe itself an adult rating.  But its script, screenplay and acting would test the patience of a ten-year-old. Unless you count Minotaurs unexpectedly throwing axes at you in 3D as dramatic suspense, there is little in the way of drama or suspense. (Oh, for the horny Minotaur from Danny McBride's [[ASIN:B005BZQS1E Your Highness]]). There is, on the other hand, lots of violence. Wet, bloody, gory violence. Well edited, perhaps,  but ultimately juvenile: the fight sequences just go on and on. When you've seen one slo-mo airborne, camera orbiting, blood-spurting warrior decapitation, you've seen them all. I've recently watched [[ASIN:B000VUVG3E 300]], so I've seen plenty. Speaking of 300, that is another stylish but empty film rendered retrospectively outstanding by comparison to this one. Gerard Butler's Leonidas is a vastly superior hero to Henry Cavill's effete and heavily derived Theseus.<br /><br />It is not only the cast of extras who are unceremoniously butchered. Greek mythology takes a rare old pasting too. Theseus is now a bastard son of a peasant, rather than being co-fathered by King Aegeus and Poseidon. Indeed, Poseidon, in this movie doesn't seem to be \\"into\\" girls at all, if you catch my drift - nor, for that matter, are any of the five (yes, five) Olympian Gods. Hyperion (an effectively nasty, if precariously type-cast, Mickey Rourke) isn't a Titan but an invading king seeking to free the Titans from their prison in Mount Tartarus with the aid of an entirely made-up \\"bow of Epirus\\" (but why? Search me). Theseus, en route to save the day, is chased by a minotauresque warrior, rather than the other way around. And so it goes on. Some clairvoyant virgin Sybils are also involved, who seem to owe as much to [[ASIN:B0000DK4QJ Minority Report]] as they do to [[ASIN:0241952743 Robert Graves]], but really only to provide Theseus with a bit of skirt (Freida Pinto's Phaedra - whom in mythology tells us was in fact Theseus' bit of skirt, but wasn't a Sibyl).<br /><br />Ahhhhh: there it is: There's a connection between Immortals and Airbender. To quote Rolf Harris: Can you see what it is yet? Clue: [[ASIN:B001JJBC5S Danny Boyle]].<br /><br />Immortals, to this viewer, also had the misfortune to be screening just 48 hours after a genuinely intense, real-life battle of the titans, for the Rugby World Cup, screened on free-to-air on ITV. Some of the fight scenes seemed reminiscent, only not quite as intense as the contest between France and New Zealand at the breakdown. Piri Weepu: Now there would have been a good Theseus.<br /><br />So where does this leave us? In a bad place. Looking desperately for flashes of gauche humour to propel this into Ed Woodian uplands of unintended greatness. There aren't many. The screenplay is largely woeful (credited to the appropriately Hellenic sounding Parlapanides brothers, one of whose industry experience to date seems to have peaked at \\"assistant to [producer] Mr Scott Rudin\\". Isn't that the one that gets sent out for twinkies at three in the morning on location in Reykjavik?).<br /><br />Interestingly the cod heroics down on Tartarus are interspersed with \\"back at the castle\\" scenes amongst (five of) the Gods on Mount Olympus which may have been scripted and wardrobed by [[ASIN:B00008T3FF Sticky Moments]]-era Julian Clary - look, I realise ancient Athenian warrior clobber has its effeminate aspects but you have to at least try to be manly with it.<br /><br />There is one tremendous Tableau: the titans (in their cage twelve in number but when they escape, multiplying to thirty or forty) are imprisoned in Mount Tartarus under a dome modelled on Rome's real Pantheon, mounted atop some heroic colossi, linking arms (rather, I thought, like an All Black front row). That was a nice bit of e-production design. But nowhere near enough to save this absolute stinker of a film.<br /><br />The most worrisome aspect is the introduction, at the death, of Acamas, Theseus's son, meaning someone at Universal in the script vetting department failed to veto the idea that there should be a sequel.<br /><br />God(s) forbid.<br /><br />Olly Buxton<br />(Flickfeast)to-air on ITV. Some of the fight scenes seemed reminiscent, only not quite as intense as the contest between France and New Zealand at the breakdown. Piri Weepu: Now there would have been a good Theseus.  So where does this leave us? In a bad place. Looking desperately for flashes of gauche humour to propel this into Ed Woodian uplands of unintended greatness. There aren't many. The screenplay is largely woeful (credited to the appropriately Hellenic sounding Parlapanides brothers, one of whose industry experience to date seems to have peaked at \\"assistant to [producer] Mr Scott Rudin\\". Isn't that the one that gets sent out for twinkies at three in the morning on location in Reykjavik?).  Interestingly the cod heroics down on Tartarus are interspersed with \\"back at the castle\\" scenes amongst (five of) the Gods on Mount Olympus which may have been scripted and wardrobed by [[ASIN:B00008T3FF Sticky Moments]]-era Julian Clary - look, I realise ancient Athenian warrior clobber has its effeminate aspects but you have to at least try to be manly with it.  There is one tremendous Tableau: the titans (in their cage twelve in number but when they escape, multiplying to thirty or forty) are imprisoned in Mount Tartarus under a dome modelled on Rome's real Pantheon, mounted atop some heroic colossi, linking arms (rather, I thought, like an All Black front row). That was a nice bit of e-production design. But nowhere near enough to save this absolute stinker of a film.  The most worrisome aspect is the introduction, at the death, of Acamas, Theseus's son, meaning someone at Universal in the script vetting department failed to veto the idea that there should be a sequel.  God(s) forbid.  Olly Buxton  (Flickfeast)
B0052VUNHC|5.0|I've recommended this book to everyone I know who loves to read.  It is written very well...so well that I actually felt all the emotions!  I made the mistake of reading some during my lunch break and ended up having all my co-workers ask me why I was crying.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|I absolutly love the Harry Potter series.  The ending of this movie is the perfect ending to this series.  This is probably one of the best stories I have watched and now reading!!
B0053VKP8S|5.0|This item works perfectly - exactly as described. It feels well-built (metal case), and there is no audible hiss or noticeable loss of signal. I purchased the item originally so that I could run the optical out on my AppleTV to my analog inputs on my stereo. Instead, I am running the HDMI cable from AppleTV to my TV, and from the TV digital audio out (the yellow output on most systems) to this converter, and from the converter to my stereo. Works perfectly. Very happy with this purchase so far!<br /><br />[UPDATE 12/4/11] One troubleshooting thing I discovered: I recently received a blu-ray player, but only had one HDMI cable. When I unplugged the HDMI from Apple TV and plugged it into the blu-ray player, the audio through this converter (goes from my TV to my stereo) would turn to a loud his sound even at low volume. Solution? Power off the converter box and power it back on. Works every time.
067088278X|5.0|This is one of the books I remember reading a lot as a child. I was excited to find it in the board book form. Great story and kids love it.
B0002F6AH0|5.0|This series has been around a really long time.  It has also been the very best coverage of any documentary  ever made of WWII.  This DVD version has varying degrees of quality but than so did the original.  The seller delivered on time, package arrived undamaged,  and every disc played flawlessly.
B000YXMMAE|5.0|Jaw Dropping Radiohead, no real weak song, energetic and melancholy. One of the best albums of the 21st century. All I gotta say.
B0052TDGQO|5.0|Have it in my car and listen to it all the time. Great album for Scotty's first. Only thing missing is one of his songs sung in his deep voice. He has such a range and you can tell he really enjoys singing. I can't wait for his next album
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|To Stephen King........I hope you read these reviews.......I know I would if I had a book for sale on Kindle books. I could not think of a quicker way to let you know what a great story you have created for this 62 year-old girl, who hid all your books from her children so they wouldn't know that their Baptist-preacher's kid Mom had a dark/ vulgar side to her innocence. I've only red the first chapters, up to the place he meets the teens dancing in the grass.  Makes me feel the need to go go downstairs , get my old paperback copy of \\"IT\\" and re-read it before I get any farther in the book. I feel like  I may have forgotten something important. Thanks Stephen, for a life-time of chills and thrills. Please don't walk out in front of a speeding car again. I would mourn you as  much as I have Jim Henson. He had a lot more to share, too.    From a nostalgia filled peer...............JULIE
B004DLPXAO|5.0|If you love to read, this app is for you! It even saves your place, when you go back to continue reading.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|This movie was great! Loki was the most interesting character. This movie makes me want to learn more about the Viking gods.
1451648537|5.0|This is one of the best bios I have read. My hat is off to the author who interviewed 100 people in creating a picture of Jobs' life. I am astounded by how he took all that info, as well as interviews with Jobs, and melded it into such a cohesive story. I was riveted from the first page, and loved the flow of the book.<br /><br />Since I am older, I related to many of the incidents retold regarding Jobs, as I remembered hearing some of these tales, and I had first hand experience with many Apple computers throughout my life. Yes, I am one of those Apple devotees. Jobs' attention to detail created products that are intuitive and beautiful, and I always enjoyed any Apple product I purchased, rarely ever needing any repair.<br /><br />He was a genius, and I hope other CEOs can take note from the lessons shared in this book. Jobs' passion for his product speaks volumes about the man and his company.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|Great story telling about a great man. It is not only a calendar about Steve Jobs, The author has an easy yet detailed and non-bias way of telling his story.
B005C9YZIW|3.0|The documentary is excellent, in fact I have it in DVD, but i was very disappointed when saw the first chapter on Bluray. My first impression was that it was very weird the lack of resolution im used to when watching a blu ray. Yes its true that its better than DVD version, but not as good as it supposed to be. Then I saw the specifications and sadly is 1080i NOT p!!!!. I upgraded to bluray for image quality and got very disappointed. Be aware of this.
B0053YGYO4|1.0|I don't typically write reviews on Amazon.  In general, my opinions don't seem earth-shattering enough that I need to share them with the rest of the world.  However, as a musician, as a follower of rock music, and as a Coldplay fan I feel this time that I need to speak up.  I am hugely disappointed with this new album by Coldplay!  Creatively, it has some merits but certainly falls short of their previous albums.  But much more disturbing is the horrible production and mastering on this thing.  It just sounds absolutely awful!!  As other reviewers have pointed out, any artistic merit on this album is lost in the blast of distortion and massive audio compression that has been employed.  I am so dismayed that a band as respected as Coldplay would sign off on this sonic nightmare.  I am well aware of the loudness war that is going on in the music industry.  But my respect for Coldplay has really been diminished by this release.  Did no one in that band (I'm assuming all four of those boys had to sign off on this thing) have the balls to say \\"God, this thing sounds like crap?!  Do we really have to release it with such an awful mix?\\").  If this was some second rate pop band it would be easy to write all this off, but this is Coldplay!!!   It is so ironic to me that at a time when recording technology is better than ever to do beautiful, true-to-life recordings, this is the kind of mess that a band of Coldplay's stature would release.  Listening to this thing is painful at times.  The vocals are frequently drowned out by the exaggerated blast of bass and other instruments.  I can barely get through it on my stereo at home.  I think it's really important for people who care about music, and who care about the sound quality of music, to speak out against this disturbing trend that Coldplay has now bought into.  I never thought I would buy a Coldplay album and regret it, but I'm afraid the time has come.  Apparently, loudness, distortion and ear-splitting noise have becomethe new high fidelity.  It sure does make me long for the old days...  Please, Coldplay, don't do this to us again.  Next time insist that your album have great songs and that it be given a decent mix and mastering before it is released!
0375842209|5.0|This book was incredible, I highly recommend it.  Out of 5 stars, this receives a 20.  I have read countless Holocaust and Nazi-era Germany novels, and this blows every one out of the water.
0385535139|5.0|My wife and I were able to read this book together (we each have a Kindle). We had a great time discussing the characters and the situations that Grisham placed them in. But, what impressed us most was the picture of the massive tort lawyer industry that he drew perfectly. Grisham was right on target.
B002NZK5TG|4.0|Little Shop of Horrors is a 1986 musical-comedy version of the 1960 low-budget Roger Corman classic and the 1980 Broadway musical. Directed by Frank Oz(The Stepford Wives, Housesitter), this comedy classic stars Rick Moranis and Ellen Greene in a tale of a lowly flower shop clerk who found a exotic plant which, in time, grows into a giant-sized monstrosity. The late Levi Stubbs does a hilariously great job a the voice of the plant. The special appearances by Steve Martin, Bill Murray, the late John Candy and Jim Belushi was a gem and Tisha Campbell and Tichina Arnold in their first appearances was delightful. Little Shop of Horrors is one of the best musicals ever made, and the most funniest movie I have ever seen in a long time!
0385340990|4.0|This title was the November pick for my book club. It is a quick read and a surprising mix of lighthearted text and reminders of the horrors of WWII.<br /><br />I very much enjoyed the style this story was delivered - a series of letters and telegrams from the various characters. One small part of this novel is the evacuation of the children during WWII. Children all over the area were gathered up and moved to safer locations - sometimes for as long as five years. This sparked a desire in me to read and learn more about the children and families affected by this. Isn't it great when books do that?<br /><br />The four star rating is due to one issue - a majority of the story talks about the main character, Juliet, writing a book. This aspect of the storyline is dropped and we never know how the islanders react to her telling Elizabeth's story. What about England and the rest of the war torn area? Instead we end with romance - not the primary theme of this book.<br /><br />That being said, I still enjoyed this book very much. It is a wonderful story, wonderfully vivid and touching. I encourage you to give it a try.
B001UV4XI8|1.0|The product was not as described. I purchased it expecting the Bluray, DVD and Digital Copy but the Digital Copy was already expired. So just know no more digital copies.
B000SMWUPS|4.0|I bought this to go with my uppababy vista.  so far, it's been working well, though it's starting to slide down the handlebars a little, though.  I did go for an hour walk using the caddy with my water bottle, and had no problems.  it's pretty sturdy, but it does hang between the handles, so it moves a little when you walk.  I wouldn't put a cup of coffee in it if I couldn't seal the lid.  overall, I am very pleased with this caddy.
B004ZNB12O|5.0|Pink Floyd's new single disc best of called A Foot In the Door is a great starter into the world of Pink Floyd for those who want to know what the band's music was like and first proper greatest hits album.<br />When I first got wind of A Foot In the Door I was like do we need another single disc Pink Floyd compilation but got as a gift from a family member as I'm a Pink Floyd collector and I am impressed.<br />A Foot in the Door, like the now out of print 2001 2-CD Echoes compilation, is not like many best ofs that are out on the market as it is a non-chronological compilation and has songs segueing from one to the next. A Foot In the Door (as its title suggests) is literally geared towards newbies who want to delve into the legacy of Pink Floyd and, unlike 1981's A Collection of Great Dance Songs and 1983's US only Works, is a single disc compilation spanning everything from 1967 to 1994 and coming in at close to 80 minutes.<br />It's impossible to put a collection of Pink Floyd songs together on one CD that will please everyone. I think the non-chronological placing of these songs adds something new to the mix and the transitions between some of these songs create a mosaic of music just as these songs did on their original albums. Producer James Guthrie was responsible for the segueing and tracklisting with help from the three surviving Pink Floyd members David Gilmour, Nick Mason and Roger Waters.<br />The band's 1967 Syd Barrett era is represented by the band's first UK Top 10 hit being \\"See Emily Play\\".<br />1973's classic The Dark Side of the Moon is represented by a slightly edited version of \\"Time\\", \\"The Great Gig in the Sky\\", \\"Money\\" (which segues into \\"Comfortably Numb\\") and the album's closer \\"Brain Damage\\" and \\"Eclipse\\".<br />1975's Wish You Were Here is represented by a new edit of \\"Shine On You Crazy Diamond (Parts 1 - 5)\\" and has music fading out without the crossfade into Part 6 like on Echoes (which in turn segues into \\"Brain Damage\\"), \\"Have a Cigar\\" (which wasn't on Echoes) and a slightly edited version of the title cut (with the ending reduced as the wind noises segues into \\"Time\\").<br />1979's classic The Wall is represented by \\"The Happiest Days of Our Lives\\", \\"Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2)\\" (which segues into \\"Have a Cigar\\"), \\"Hey You\\" (which opens this compilation) and \\"Comfortably Numb\\".<br />1983's The Final Cut is represented by \\"The Fletcher Memorial Home\\" (which segues nicely into the newish edit of \\"Shine On You Crazy Diamond\\").<br />1987's A Momentary Lapse of Reason is represented by \\"Learning to Fly\\" (which segues into the previously aforementioned \\"Fletcher Memorial Home\\").<br />1994's swan song The Division Bell is represented rightly so by the album's closing track \\"High Hopes\\" (same edit that appeared on the now discontinued Echoes : The Best of Pink Floyd 2-CD compilation).<br />I know nothing on this compilation features any tracks from the 1967 debut The Piper at the Gates of Dawn, 1968's A Saucerful of Secrets, 1969's More Soundtrack, Ummagumma (also from 1969), 1970's Atom Heart Mother, 1971's Meddle, 1972's underappreciated Obscured by Clouds and 1977's underrated Animals but remember folks that it's hard to put a band of Pink Floyd's history together on one 80 minute CD. Now that Capitol in the States and EMI outside the US discontinued the 2 disc Echoes best of, this will be the only compilation from Pink Floyd readily available for American Floyd fans but Echoes is still available as an import if you want to have a more concrete overview to Pink Floyd's legacy. However, A Foot In the Door is a great overview for those who want to check out Pink Floyd's history on one 80 minute CD.<br />Highly recommended to newbies for Floyd fans!Echoes) and a slightly edited version of the title cut (with the ending reduced as the wind noises segues into \\"Time\\").  1979's classic The Wall is represented by \\"The Happiest Days of Our Lives\\", \\"Another Brick in the Wall (Part 2)\\" (which segues into \\"Have a Cigar\\"), \\"Hey You\\" (which opens this compilation) and \\"Comfortably Numb\\".  1983's The Final Cut is represented by \\"The Fletcher Memorial Home\\" (which segues nicely into the newish edit of \\"Shine On You Crazy Diamond\\").  1987's A Momentary Lapse of Reason is represented by \\"Learning to Fly\\" (which segues into the previously aforementioned \\"Fletcher Memorial Home\\").  1994's swan song The Division Bell is represented rightly so by the album's closing track \\"High Hopes\\" (same edit that appeared on the now discontinued Echoes : The Best of Pink Floyd 2-CD compilation).  I know nothing on this compilation features any tracks from the 1967 debut The Piper at the Gates of Dawn, 1968's A Saucerful of Secrets, 1969's More Soundtrack, Ummagumma (also from 1969), 1970's Atom Heart Mother, 1971's Meddle, 1972's underappreciated Obscured by Clouds and 1977's underrated Animals but remember folks that it's hard to put a band of Pink Floyd's history together on one 80 minute CD. Now that Capitol in the States and EMI outside the US discontinued the 2 disc Echoes best of, this will be the only compilation from Pink Floyd readily available for American Floyd fans but Echoes is still available as an import if you want to have a more concrete overview to Pink Floyd's legacy. However, A Foot In the Door is a great overview for those who want to check out Pink Floyd's history on one 80 minute CD.  Highly recommended to newbies for Floyd fans!
B000Q7ZNDG|5.0|The grave diggers scene with Billy Crystal actually moves me close to tears (and I don't cry easily at all, thought the part in Dumbo where his mama's trunk comes out through the jail cell window always gets me).     This is not easy going, but well worth the trip. There are a lot of little surprises, and the gravediggers scene is one of the best.   Don't be scared, jump in !!
B004I2K4DY|5.0|I have the 10 year special on VHS, and wanted this one for some time.  The idea of taking the acting out of a musical, but leaving in the costumes and singing might seem absurd, but Les Miserables lends itself to this format, and the quality of the recording is excellent.  I cannot recommend this enough for people who love musicals.  Les Mis is one of the best musicials from the last half century and this special belongs in any collection of the best musical movies/specials.
B003Y74AZ2|5.0|Ordered this the week prior to getting my iPhone 4s; before the demand exceeded supply for accessories. The case arrived a few days prior to my iPhone (I pre-ordered the iPhone to arrive first day), so very happy about the shipping speed of the case, fit perfectly and does not add much to the thickness of the iPhone, so i can easily fit it into my pocket. great case, seamless transaction!
B004XGN8W4|4.0|I'm an airline pilot and a gamer. Spending layovers in hotels is boring and I wanted to bring my PS3 with me, but hotel tv's are a pain to rig with the alternate inputs. I was looking to make a PS3 laptop when I found this item and I am VERY pleased with it.  The screen is big enough to play games on (Uncharted 3 at the moment), the case protects the PS3 perfectly and it is easy to take out at security checkpoints; just put it in the bin, send it through the X-Ray and put it back together. It honestly takes about the same amount of time as bringing my laptop with me did.  So here's the Pros:  -Easy to take through security checkpoints.  -Easy to use anywhere as long as you have AC power.  -Sturdy case  -Crisp 15inch HD display (games look really good on it)  -Room for extras (cables and controllers).  -Dual headphone jacks.  Cons:  -Viewing Angle for the monitor is like a laptop computer so you need to be in line with the display for the best picture.  -Speakers are adequate, but the sound isn't as good as it could be (my headphones cured that problem).  -Be sure to take out the pad underneath PS3 for adequate cooling before playing (not hard, just a little inconvenient)  Overall though, if you travel a lot and want to game during your downtime or just want to play wherever you go, this is a definite buy.  Happy Gaming, and remember to observe Wheaton's Law when online.  Cheers!
B005XN3150|4.0|This is another show that has a great potential, but could end up being poorly executed. After the pilot I was very excited, but starting to see cracks a little already. Granted, there have only been a few episodes, so hopefully I have nothing to worry about.  The idea is great. We all grew up reading and loving fairytales. They are what built our imagination and made everything exciting. And of course there is always \\"Happily Ever After\\" at the end. As we grow up we realize that \\"happily ever after\\" is up for interpretation. So putting the world of the fairytales opposite real life as an \\"Unhappily ever after\\" - spell cast by the Evil Queen is very cool. There is endless potential for so many characters, cool stories and sub-plots.   I don't want to give too much of the story away by detailing all that has happened so far, so I will not. The main characters are introduced from the start in both worlds: Snow White; Prince Charming; Evil Queen and Emma (added twist who is the only one who can break the spell).  There are of course many others that are presented in both worlds in a very cool way. The cast is very notable - G. Goodwin; J. Morrison, L. Parrilla, R. Carlyle to name a few.  The only concern I have as of the last episode is the development of the story. It is moving a little too fast to have a proper impact. Only a small child in a real world is aware of the connection between the two worlds and the only way to break a spell is to \\"remind\\" all adults who they really are,  Emma being the most important. As difficult of a task as this should be (making adults believe in fairytales), it seems to be not so. By the 3rd episode all important people are already convinced, or at least considering the possibility. This made it seem too accelerated in my opinion.  I just hope that this part is secondary and acts as a set up for the main story, which I think will be the battle between Good and Evil in both worlds.
B005Y423ZC|5.0|Adele just raised up the music level! Her voice is brilliant. Just by viewing the trailer for this live DVD, I got chills. Just as a few artists out there she actually writes her own songs and that's why she is so special.   She sings with her soul and gives her best every time she performs.   I love her very much and so looking forward seeing this live DVD.  It's just the beginning, Adele! :-)
0307277887|5.0|I have been a Dexter watcher since the beginning. I love the show and was afraid the book wouldn't be written in the same smart a** way Dexter speaks in his head. I love this book. The first seasson was true to the book and even though I knew what was going to happen next the twist at the end I didn't see comming. I can't wait to read the others in this series!
0525423656|5.0|I actually devoured this book. I got it yesterday in the mail, and at about 9 o'clock  (pm) I went upstairs to read it for a little bit. I couldn't stop! I really wanted to know what would happen. I was done by 11:15. I actually liked it a little better then Matched. I especially liked seeing things from Ky's point of view.  The premise of this book is basically Ky is 'at war'. He realizes no one makes it out alive, so he and two of his friends run away into the canyon. Cassia is on work duty. Her parents sent her on a three month work-detail so she could try to find Ky. As her time is coming to an end, she and a friend run away. They are looking for Ky.  All in all, I loved this book. There were a couple pages I had to reread to understand what was going on, but that was okay. There are many surprises in it where you are thinking: \\"no way!\\". I would definitely recommend it to anybody.
1451648537|5.0|I had written several books on Steve Jobs before this one, and they usually take a someone biased position and portray jobs in a very positive way. Isaacson did a great job at showing honest opinions of lots of people that have known and worked with Steve over the years. While Jobs had a bad temper, and could be crazy at times, he was an incredibly visionary, and one of the true geniuses of our time. I use Apple products throughout every day, and it would be tough to imagine working and communicating without them. The book also has a lot of valuable information for businesses across nearly every industry. I run a web-based business (Themespotter.com), and try to implement ideas from Jobs and Apple that are covered in this book, such as simplicity, ease of use, attention to minor details, stripping away unnecessary parts of my website that didn't help customers, etc, and I think other businesses can benefit from it as well.  One thing I wish the book included was more photos. The short photo gallery in the middle of the book left me wanting to see more images related to different stories covered in the book. Also, my only other criticism is that Isaacson did repeat himself quite often thoughout the book.   Overall, this is a great biography.
B005NPLXJ4|5.0|The son has risen.Lou Reed has been resurrected and the disciples (Metallica) have rolled away the stone.<br /><br />I knew I was gonna like this when I heard the samples. The actual total package is a riveting masterpiece. I've heard all of Reeds stuff and to my ears this is the most engaged and best he's ever sounded. Metallica! This a band that should be proud. They should all be proud of this work of art. The story that this album is supposed to cover is not a pretty one. It's the early 1900's and Lulu, a small town girl comes to the big city and meets up with Jack the Ripper. It's an ugly brutal affair.<br /><br />Lulu becomes a prostitute and whores are on the front lines of mental and sexual perversion, more than any psychoanalyst and some times they pay with their life. I hear Freudian and psychological references all over this. But the main thing is the performances and the sound. There is nothing out there that sounds like this. It's alive. It's brutal and tender even though the subject is death and all the dodges and repressions and perversions and insanity that swirls around death. Metallica mined this territory with&quot;DeathMagnetic&quot;. But they've struck gold with Lou Reed.<br /><br />The singing/poetry is Lou Reed at his ugly/real/literary best and Metallica play like men possessed but in a good way, totally under control. The sound quality is excellent. The additional musicians do a terrific job as well. Especially on viola. Most of these one star reviews are limited in their ability to enjoy challenging art. That's the way it's always been.......<br /><br />Mister Kurtz, he dead......<br /><br />Post Script Update:....Nov.19, 2011.... I have really tried to understand the vitriol and anger by some fans and so-called professional critics. Here's my take for what it's worth. Something I posted elsewhere.<br /><br />The situation with Lulu is this; This album destroys the illusions of the heavy metal rock Gods, an illusion that many fans have invested in heavily, and other illusions as well. Lou Reed's voice is too shaky, too old and sometimes off key. Especially for people who aren't used to it. In other words it's too real. The subject matter is too thick and too real. Lou's singing about being a creature/animal with a pumping heart, genitals, a stinking body that may be abused, murdered and will definitely decay and die. Even with all the emotions and deep passions of the human being the animal/creature dies. Even though it's about Lulu it applies to everyone. It's too truthful and unsettling. The song Junior Dad finishes the album after all the terror that precedes it. It's redemptive even though it includes psychic pain/damage and disappointment at the end of the road. It's just too real and truthful for most, not all, metal heads. Very few individuals have the courage to live without illusions. Maybe nobody. The music supporting all of this is tremendous.<br /><br />Every now and then a major artist(s) releases something that cuts right through the lies and defenses that we construct to keep us from facing ourselves. That's what art should do, reflect the truth of life. In this case it may be a truth that few want to hear.<br /><br />2nd post script.....Oct 28, 2013....now he's gone and there's an emptiness that no artist can fill.......he was one of a kind.....&quot;trapped on the isle of Dr. Moreau....the Island of lost souls..&quot;  this album has got the humor and artistic intelligence necessary for great art , love it...sted in heavily, and other illusions as well. Lou Reed's voice is too shaky, too old and sometimes off key. Especially for people who aren't used to it. In other words it's too real. The subject matter is too thick and too real. Lou's singing about being a creature/animal with a pumping heart, genitals, a stinking body that may be abused, murdered and will definitely decay and die. Even with all the emotions and deep passions of the human being the animal/creature dies. Even though it's about Lulu it applies to everyone. It's too truthful and unsettling. The song Junior Dad finishes the album after all the terror that precedes it. It's redemptive even though it includes psychic pain/damage and disappointment at the end of the road. It's just too real and truthful for most, not all, metal heads. Very few individuals have the courage to live without illusions. Maybe nobody. The music supporting all of this is tremendous.<br /><br />Every now and then a major artist(s) releases something that cuts right through the lies and defenses that we construct to keep us from facing ourselves. That's what art should do, reflect the truth of life. In this case it may be a truth that few want to hear.<br /><br />2nd post script.....Oct 28, 2013....now he's gone and there's an emptiness that no artist can fill.......he was one of a kind.....&quot;trapped on the isle of Dr. Moreau....the Island of lost souls..&quot;  this album has got the humor and artistic intelligence necessary for great art , love it...
032147404X|5.0|If you are new to digital photography or just now getting serious for the first time, then you should consider this book a must have item.  Mr. Kelby makes it easy to get started and he explains things so that an amateur can understand them.  He doesn't mess around with a lot of theory, and just cuts straight to the point of how to make great shots happen.  He tells a lot of the secrets that would require 1000's of photos to discover on your own.
0756404738|2.0|Loved the first book: The Name of the Wind: The Kingkiller Chronicle: Day One.  Loved it.<br /><br />This book.  Ohhh the stalling!  Literally pages of nothing happening, or worse, the same thing happening.  How many times do I have to suffer through Kvothe running into Denna again.  And again.  And again...<br /><br />It's killing me.  So I quit.  I can't finish the book.  One has to compare it to Robert Jordan stretching out the pages with a whole lot of nothing.<br /><br />Thank you Mr. Rothfuss for the excellent first novel.  Sorry I can't go on.
B0055V6EZE|5.0|I heard and saw this CD on the PBS channel.  I watch Hugh as the Doctor House on TV and love that show so I was interested in his singing.  Living in New Orleans, the music was just great and I highly recommend this CD.  It was cheaper at Amazon and available before any other stores had it.
B0051XQI84|4.0|Loved this movie! Kung Fu panda 2 is even better! Can't wait for it to come out on blu-ray. I will definitely be picking that one up. My only gripe is why did they choose to steer away from an iTunes release for the digital copy? They have other Dream works movies on iTunes? I'd love to be able to watch this on my iPod, but guess it's not to be. :( At least they didn't go the UltraViolet/Flixster route!
B005IS565S|5.0|I absolutly love this album every song is a #1 hit!  Five Finger Death Punch makes amazing music I can listen to over and over again.
B003KGBISY|5.0|Akira Kurosawa's masterpiece, remastered and complete, is simply brilliant. Adapted in the west as The Magnificent Seven (good, but still inferior to the original), this needs to be seen in one sitting on a quiet night, with the phone off. Winner of many awards (and beating out Gojira for the Japanese Oscar for best picture), this film, with among them, Toshiro Mifune in one of his greatest roles, absolutely demands the attention of the viewer. The Blu Ray transfer is magnificent bringing out all the beauty of the film. Go get one today!
B005HXGE9G|4.0|Peter Gabriel offers a terrific reimagining of some of his classic songs. His voice is in top form, and the change in soundscape (using an orchestra instead of a band) draws a new emotional energy out of the songs.
B005COO1X6|2.0|This book starts out just fine - a typical King horror and suspense builder.  And then..................nothing.  It doesn't go anywhere.  It doesn't finish.  It reads more like a \\"teaser\\" than anything else.
B000005IU2|5.0|Back in 1987, I read a review of \\"Funhouse\\" that Henry Rollins wrote for the L.A. Weekly. Rollins raved about the album and offered up a blow-by-blow review, concluding that it not only changed his life, but was, in his view, the best disc ever. Natch, I ran right out and bought a copy. At first listen, I was disappointed: the sound seemed sludgy, the songs were overly repetitive and all seemed to sound the same and smeared into each other, the riffs overly simplistic, Iggy's lyrics either unintelligible or, when you could understand him, inane, etc. And that was all before the album closer L.A. Blues, an out-of-left-field atonal pseudo-\\"jazz\\" freak out. My initial verdict: s'ok, but I don't know what the fuss was about.  Then after a while, I listened to it again, and then again, and at some point, the Stooges' sonic universe started to make sense to my ears, my brain, and my gut. The riffs, while sometimes choppy or simplistic, all had their own kind of groove. Iggy's barks, yelps, and hisses were him employing his voice as another amplified instrument in their aural assault. And the album pacing and sequence was brilliant, each song and instrumental choice placed to create peaks and valleys that ramped up (the chugging \\"Down in the Street\\" into \\"Loose\\" thru to the snap-yo-neck \\"TV Eye\\" ), backed off a little (the sensual \\"Dirt\\"), and then snaked in eventually for the kill (\\"1970\\" stepping right into \\"Funhouse\\"). The entrance of Steve MacKay's secret-weapon saxophone at the end of \\"1970\\" and bridging into \\"Funhouse\\" is absolutely, magically perfect. And as for \\"L.A. Blues\\"; well, after all that came before it, could this disc have ended any other way? As inevitable as the splat at the end of s swan dive off a skyscraper or the eventual heat death of the universe....  An epic and influential disc. A personal favorite. A must.
1600597963|5.0|This book offers so much amazing information, it's just incredible.  All types of hints, advice and tips that really help you create bead embroidery projects in all areas.  It's like no other book I've ever seen.
B00005JLKB|5.0|i had a little problem when the set arrived.2 discs out of 6 didn't play well. in 2 days i had a replacement set.thats service!!!plays great .
B000ICXQGK|1.0|What dreams may come is based in the lie that all dogs go to heaven.  Maybe dogs do.  This story is a slammed together hodgepodge of smoke and mirrors and I am grateful we haven't invented \\"smell o vision\\" because this movie stinks to high heaven.  Sorry Robin, but your best work is still Moscow on the Hudson.
B005CGI4EG|5.0|It was a great purchase made better by coming in a timely manner and the content.  Very happy with the service I was given.
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|What an amazing record! I must have listen to it over 7 times in succession. I love this record. Dave Mustaine sounds absolutly awsome! Between Dave and Chris' guitar mastery, Shawn's slamming drums and David's thumping bass I didn't know what to think. The songs were amazing and so freaking cool. My favorite song is \\"Never Dead\\". A MUST BUY!!!! BUY NOW!!!!!
0755381173|5.0|Absolutely the most incredible novel I have read in years, bar none. The characters are multifaceted, richly developed and flawlessly interwoven. The author strikes the perfect balance between vulnerability, power and believability in each one. The landscapes and scenery are written so lushly and with such emotion that you feel as if you are there.   The only thing I hated about this book was that it ended and I now have to wait until next summer for the sequel!
B004ZJZQJ2|2.0|I really just can't get into Traffic.  The movie seemed to bore me and just could not follow it.  Usually I enjoy most of Michael Douglas's films but this one is probably my least favorite of any he has done.  I tried watching it a second time and still just kept boring me for some reason.  It did remind me of say 'Crash' or 'Pulp Fiction' in how different stories try to interlock but kept getting lost in them.  I would have to look back at the 2000 academy award competition since it won a few awards but guess some people found the movie great, I didn't<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This is an awesome series for folks of all ages.  This is a story of survival and love and loyalty that beats that crap out of those sissy Twilight books.  I cannot WAIT for the movies to come out.
B004B63M1S|4.0|Machete is a fun movie, maybe a little less blood violence and more art would have made it better.  Some of the obnoxious humor was a bit much but does add to it's entertainment.  Seagal has a small role and would have been nice to see him more in the film since it was his first theatrical release in nearly 10 years.  Different type of role for Robert De Niro to play and main character Danny Trejo also had a small role with Seagal in Urban Justice.  Lindsay Lohan helps round out an interesting cast as well.  Not a family movie but for someone who likes a combination of humor and action then think you could enjoy it.<br /><br />Peter J. Miller
0062068423|4.0|I read Jo Nesbo's book, The Snowman, for my book club and I had to go back and read his earlier works, based upon my love of that novel. The Redbreast is the first of Nesbo's Harry Hole (Hole-ee) novels translated into English from Norwegian but the third in this series.    The Redbreast is a well-crafted novel weaving 2 storylines together; one concerning Norwegians who fought for Germany during WWII on the Eastern Front and the other a murder mystery involving neo-Nazi's in 1990's Oslo.   Harry Hole is investigating the current murder and the case begins to lead Harry into a dark era of Norwegian history. He finds that to solve the current mystery he must first delve into a mystery from WWII. In his writings, the author demonstrates that the wartime past was more complicated than often presented by historians and that many personal, moral and political choices were made in a dangerous time that lead men to chose different paths.    The books starts a bit slowly but be assured that you will soon be riveted. Gradually the novel gains momentum and the writing leaps off the pages.   There is little character development of Harry Hole in this book, but probably because the first 2 books in the series were never translated into English, as previously mentioned. I suspect that the first 2 books detail much about Hole's life including his struggle with alcohol and his loneliness. We do see additional characters brought into the series who will continue into subsequent books.    One item that caught my attention is that there was a murder in the book that was not solved and a bad guy who was not caught. I have a feeling that book 4 in this series continues on with this thread, so I look forward to reading Nemesis next.   This is definitely one for the short lists of people who are fans of the late Steig Larson.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I saw the live show and loved the music so I bought a used CD.  The quality of the used CD was just like new and delivery was as promised.
B004OA2G0E|5.0|Extreme high quality and fast shipment. This is a brand new item and was factory sealed. Nothing negative to say. Highly recommended!!!
B005NJ2K6U|4.0|I really enjoyed the difficulty if this game.  It wasn't too hard but it really made you think differently than any game I have tried so far. The one problem? There's only five levels... the game was over far too soon. I really enjoyed it and actually found myself frustrated that it was such a short game.
B000093NLE|5.0|Extreme high quality and fast shipment. This is a brand new item and was factory sealed. Nothing negative to say. Highly recommended!!!
B0058A11AK|5.0|This cd is terrific!  I listen to a lot of music, mostly indie rock and country.  However, when a song from this cd pipes over my ipod I just slow down and really listen.  I have listened to Streisand since the 60's and I am amazed how her voice has evolved over the years.  Just the changes from the 60's to the 70's,huge difference.  Now her voice is even more tender sometimes fragile but beautiful. Her choice of music is slower, which suites me fine.  This world could slow down and be a little more tender.  Great cd!
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Best game out there! Works perfectly on my mytouch 4g. Never have had any problems with it being slow or anything. Love love love this game!
0002247399|2.0|When I first read \\"A Game of Thrones\\", I was hooked. I eagerly read \\"A Clash of Kings\\", quickly followed bit \\"A Storm of Swords\\". Then came \\"Feast for Crows\\"... though I didn't dislike it, it felt different. I thought it was basically the dust settling, and the birth of several new storylines - or the shaping of others. This book is supposed to have several chapters that were meant to be in Feast... and it shows. Several chapters feel barely transitional, to get us to the next big thing. But it never arrives. Characters which had very strong & likeable traits seem to have forgotten them. The great growth seen in the first three books - Daenerys in particular - appears to banish here.<br /><br />There are several new characters, some more interesting than others. Again, many new storylines appear - but they don't even come close to being finished. Some are quite interesting, and certainly set up for great drama in the next books - but there's only build-up here. We're left with an inconclusive feeling; only one of the POV characters gets something resembling closure, and not a very good closure, at that. As other revieweres have pointed out, the book feels as if it's going nowhere.<br /><br />It - maybe - sets things up for the next book. But that's terrible. I know this is supposed to be a series, but the first three books had strong storylines on their own. Each could be read by itself, and be great by itself. The overarching storyline continued, but the plot points of each book was resolved within them. Some consecuences trailed to the others, but they had resolutions. Feast felt incomplete, fragmented and scattered - but it is much better than ADwD. When you must wait for another book to actually finish the plotlines of this one... that's not really cool.<br /><br />Were you to read this book when Book 6 comes out (and read Book 6 soon after), then all of this might easily be ignored. You would, after all, read it as a series. But, as it stands, it's a very, very mediocre book. It's not a bad book; (sort of spolerish, I guess) the chapters involving the Ironborn (Theon and Asha) were the best in the book, I think. Jon's were the most disappointing, just barely below Daenerys'. Tyrion's were... meh. My single, greatest and personal gripe with the book - Jaime's chapter was pointless. It was completely unnecessary, it added nothing to any ADwD storyline.<br /><br />I'd recommend this book only after Book 6 comes out - and only because we'd probably not understand what was going on without it. Meanwhile... read the first three again. You'd probably enjoy it more.mediocre book. It's not a bad book; (sort of spolerish, I guess) the chapters involving the Ironborn (Theon and Asha) were the best in the book, I think. Jon's were the most disappointing, just barely below Daenerys'. Tyrion's were... meh. My single, greatest and personal gripe with the book - Jaime's chapter was pointless. It was completely unnecessary, it added nothing to any ADwD storyline.<br /><br />I'd recommend this book only after Book 6 comes out - and only because we'd probably not understand what was going on without it. Meanwhile... read the first three again. You'd probably enjoy it more.
B001HN694K|4.0|tottaly excited about this one it's a great product and not to mention its my favorite disny movie ,hello its j-dub ! I'm also sasitfied on how fast it came like in 4 days awsome i would buy from this seller again!
1572816295|5.0|I recently purchased this deck because I love mysticism and reading tarot and oracle cards. The artwork is beautiful. The images reminds me of the wee folk faries as I call them. Reading this deck is very delightful and stimualting to the mind. I would recommend this deck for children as well. Also, shipping was fast. I plan on purchasing more decks from amazon because I think they have great customer service. I ordered them on a Wednesday and they arrived on Saturday.
030788743X|5.0|Loved this book. Listened to the audio version read by Wil Wheaton - he did an excellent rendition. I'm 63. You don't have to be cool and geeky to enjoy this science fiction/fantasy... if you engaged with early video games in the 70s and 80s, you'll find it nostalgic. One good thing about reading this as an oldster... I'll forget it quicker and get to listen to it again soon. 8^)
1451627289|4.0|I think it has been years since I have been able to get through a King book. I've thought of his recent efforts as a sad decline in quality.  I was a huge fan of his earlier work, his collections of short stories, The Stand, IT etc.  But in the past five years I've pretty much felt that he has lost it.  This book, however, is wonderful.  Does the actual writing compare to his earlier efforts? In my opinion, no, but it doesn't matter.  This is still the King of old, a book you do not want to put down, even if you have to stay up all night to read it.  It isn't the masterpiece that I felt The Stand was, nor as beautifully written as some of his older short story collections, but there is much to love in this newest effort.  It is a satisfying ride, and you are sad when it ends.
B004Z29X3E|5.0|A young woman escapes from an abusive cult and moves in with her sister and the sister's husband. She has trouble adjusting to life around her family due to a new set of cultural norms after a couple of years of emotional and sexual abuse at the hands of the cult leader. The film is moderately paced and builds to a riveting emotional outburst and the movie avoids senseless plot twists that would engender audience sympathy for the woman. This is a realistic look at a young woman who needs to find her place in life, and is highlighted by a primetime lead performance by Elizabeth Olsen.
B000001FI7|5.0|Portishead's first album still remains their best and is probably the best in trip-hop music. Even fans of traditional electronica music like Radiohead would probably like it. There's a good variety ranging from lighter ballads like \\"It Could be Sweet\\" to more intense tracks \\"Strangers\\". The album's unique but still accessible with lots of beats and samples mixed with electronica, jazz and alternative influences. Beth Gibbons has an excellent voice also, ranging from a lighter vocal style to more intense and emotional. Production is decent even though it sounds a bit dated now days. Dummy some quality trip-hop music and one of my favorite albums I own.
B004A8ZWWO|4.0|A Bernie Madoff- like character at a swanky New York high-rise is accused of losing or swindling the life savings of the staff. A few of them hatch a scheme to steal $20m that he is suspected of hiding. Eddie Murphy and Ben Stiller bring their considerable talents to this action-comedy, making it both funny and exciting. The film combines clever comedy with some intense action sequences to bring the audience to the edge of their seats while laughing at the same time. This one was well-done.
B0050XFY4O|5.0|This movie would definitely seem controversial to some, but if you look past the idea of two brothers in love and watch the movie you will be surprised. The movie is absolutely beautiful and the romance in it is authentic.
B005NJ2K6U|3.0|I like the game so far, but it keeps crashing, and then loses track of the levels I've already completed.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|This is a great app with rich graphics. I use it as my main screen widget on my Toshiba Thrive and it works flawlessly. I have to wonder if the 1 star reviews are just doing things wrong. This was the easiest app I ever installed with flawless updates.
B004Q7CIFI|5.0|Even though the price was higher than expected, I took a gamble and downloaded this book.  This story is simply amazing and that may be because as I age (I'm 63 - 10 years old in 1958) I relish the days of my youth.  This book brings back many of those old memories, not all great memories, but I can almost feel like I am there alongside the main character.<br />I haven't finished the book (Only 20% so far) but I am bathing in the 50's and 60's that bring back many fond memories.<br /><br />I love this book.....
B004RFYEEC|5.0|First off, quality...  I've seen a few reviews complaining about the vinyl quality.  I ordered two of the big sets, one for me and another for a friend.  Both copies sounded great.  No crackles, no pops, and flat as a pancake.  Plus they didn't have the overwhelming \\"digital sound\\" of some of the other Beach Boys vinyl reissues I've gotten.  No other quality issues with the box, either.  I would have preferred a different presentation for the 5 CD's instead of in the big folder, but I can live with that.   In a perfect world, the detailed track listing with recording dates and performer info would show Disc One separately, but that is a very minor quibble.  How do you argue with the music?  Yeah, maybe some people don't need this much SMiLE - but I do.  Have several boots, but still heard a few things here that I've never heard before.  The \\"album\\" holds up well.  I won't debate the little things (should they have included the stuff recorded in the early 70's on Surf's Up, etc.)...  I'm just ecstatic that this is finally available legitimately and that I can listen to it start to finish without dealing with different volume levels, distortion, bad fades, etc.
1932100660|5.0|This book is one of the must reads for people who are nutrition fanatics or at least have a great interest in learning more in depth about the food we eat and what it's doing to us, which is why it is a good read but also a bad read. I say \\"bad\\" only in the sense that it is not for the millions of consumers who just want to get the basics without being overwhelmed by the numbers and technical jargon. Sometimes the numbers get in the way. I think it's too much of a text book for most people which is a shame because I wish everyone would read this book. For me, personally, as a consultant to the biggest food manufacturers for twenty-five years, I loved it and poured over the numbers. Every book that informs people with regard to nutrition and the products they consume helps our society move in the right direction. The China Study is one of them and an important one at that!
B002HFJ77S|5.0|I love Sophie Kinsella books, but I wasn't sure if I would like this one with one of the main characters being a ghost. It seemed rather silly to me when I read the summary. However, I decided to get it for my Kindle anyway. I read it in less than a day because I found myself not able to do much of anything else. I found it to be an engaging, humorous, and touching story. I think I spent the last few chapters crying. And, although it is an implausible story, I loved it. Also, I've always been fascinated with the 1920s so that was a bonus.
0316069884|5.0|This is a wonderful book and so well written in the sense that it is an easy, compelling and interesting read. Its content is both horrifying and enlightening. It changed my view of the entire food system in this country and personally affected me deeply. I become a vegetarian because of this book. It was a wake up call and helped me see that animals are sentient beings; they have feelings, families and relationships and they are critical to our happiness and experience as humans. Besides being a consultant to America's biggest food corporations, I am also an artist and a writer and as an artist this book inspired me to create an entire collection of paintings dedicated to respect for animals. I paint under the name Tomaso DiTomaso and I want to thank the author for being the trigger for my deep commitment to animals. Please, please read this book and tell your friends to read this book.
0375851569|4.0|I have always been a big fan of Dr. Seuss and this is always my go-to gift when a friend is having a baby. Great way to start a Dr. Seuss collection, and it works for reading to children when they are very young and then for children to read on their own when it's time.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|I usually read thrillers, chic lit, and biographies, but this book was highly recommended to me so I decided to give it a try.  I got hooked fast.  My husband (who does like sci fi and video games) is reading it now and loves it too - but he is clearly getting more of the references . . . and has actually played some of the video games.
1400069181|5.0|An inspiring read and a reminder that we all have the ability to change things that matter most. Even the smallest thing does matter to those who don't have the choice to force change.
B0055SWM08|5.0|This game is fantastic. The graphics are simple, and the levels are fun and challenging. It's well worth the dollar I paid for it.
1416972250|2.0|Firstly, I have to say that back in the days, I was a massive fan of CC and all her work, especially the infamous Draco Trilogy which I'll bet by now, she really just wants to forget all about.  I'm not here to talk about that trilogy obviously, but it is important to have read it to get a decent grasp of the author and her work.    Having said that, I must admit I was very much drawn in by the prospect of City of Bones; I had greatly enjoyed her fanfiction and her LotR parody.  I enjoyed City of Bones after a few chapters and became intrigued by the story.  However, there were immediate red flags as to the sheer lack of originality, ones that follow on through her entire series and it is incredible how many professional reviewers have clearly never seen BtVS or read Harry Potter.    I'll get to this book in particular later, but first let's look at the essentials, shall we?  The heroine of the piece is Clary Fray.  Sigh.  Clary bears no striking resemblance to your own last name, eh, Cassie?  And Fray is the name of the future slayer in Wheedon's comic but never mind that.  Clary Fray is also redheaded and stubborn, much like Clare's interpretation of Ginny in The Draco Trilogy.  The leading man in The Mortal Instruments is Jace - silvery haired, pale and arrogant - is without a shadow of a doubt, the Draco of her fanfiction era.  The Harry Potter at first appears to be Clary's bespectacled, dark haired friend, Simon but on closer inspection of the relationship between Jace and his 'Parabatai', Alec it seems that true to the subtly hinted at slashiness of her Draco Trilogy, Alec is suited and booted as the Harry of the scene.  And even though a Hermione was clearly lacking, another female character was added.  Isabelle Lightwood, one of my favourite characters, is sadly based very evidently on an original character in CC's fanfic; Rhysenn Malfoy.  And so before the story has even begun, there are heavy flaws.    The book relies heavily upon CC's strengths; humour and male angst.  In this, I believe she is greatly talented.  Anyone who has read her 'The Very Secret Diaries' would know that she is often able to make you spit your drink out laughing at certain little quips - only ever from her main male characters, sadly.  The plot itself is broad enough that most 'Big Twists' are foreseeable miles away.  The people who were shocked that in this book, City of Glass (SPOLIERS AHEAD!)....  ....Clary turned out NOT to be Jace's sister after such unnecessary build of interaction with Sebastian, are the reason she's published and has a film on the way.  The sexual tension between the two leads is also rather awkwardly written as Fray *cough!Sue!cough!* is unlike-able and unsympathetic in most cases.  The Ginny of her fanfic was exactly the same; she got in everyone's way, messed a lot of things up but ultimately, she saves them all.  Sigh.    There are other striking similarities to Buffy and Harry Potter along the way.  Hodge was clearly the Giles of her first book, with a  little bit of a Sirius Black thrown in for good measure.  The Institute was Hogwarts and not even well disguised.  Not to mention flying motorcycles.    Oh yes and the Big Bad's name is...  V-A-L-E-N-T-I-N-E   or  V-O-L-D-E-M-O-R-T-   as he could easily be known as, with a simple CTRL-Replace in MS Word.    The establishing of a gay relationship in these books has been the highlight for me and one of the reasons I continue to read her stories, but again it echoes her own desires to have pushed her fanfic that little bit further and have it be slash.  It was always known in the fandom as 'The Ambiguously Gay Fanfic' after all and yet again, she leans on her previous success too heavily.  This, at least, though is a promising love story within these books and one that can be followed easily because of the sheer splendour of Magnus Bane.  A character entirely her own, as far as I can tell, and one that shines brightly in a book otherwise full of blunted rewrites andpurple prose.  Her other books, the Clockwork Angel, are much better; she begins to pull away from her reliance on fanfic ideals and characters.  It would be nice if she had applied the same effort to this cycle.    The honest truth is that while these books have promise, the complete lack of originality is a serious downfall for anyone who was a fan of CC before her rise to the world of publication and yet, one must assume that her fans had something to do with her unwillingness to stray away from her comfort zone.  After so many years of writing the Draco Trilogy and of amassing thousands of loyal followers, perhaps CC was afraid of losing her target audience and so stuck very closely to the work that made her really famous and, despite how much she must hate it, what she will always be known for in the book world.    Ultimately, the YA gen will love them until they stop being YA's.  I will always read them because one or two characters have me hooked, but I will always be a little disappointed whenever I flip a page and see yet another reference the infamous trilogy of her fanfic heyday.
B005J3IEZQ|5.0|Apple announced that \\"the world has lost an amazing human being\\" when Steve Jobs passed away earlier on the afternoon of Wednesday, October 5, 2011. A seminal day that will remain etched in peoples memories. Just like the days when JFK and John Lennon were assassinated, most of us will remember where we were, and what we were doing, when we learned that Steve Jobs had passed away.<br /><br />One of the greatest gifts that Steve Jobs has left us was his decision and commitment to have Walter Isaacson write his autobiography, without any bounds or limitations. Through Isaacson's experienced penmanship, Jobs unlocked remarkable nuggets of gold. Candid conversations and revelations about the events and people that shaped his life, from his adoption, through to his last days at his modest home in Palo Alto.<br /><br />Isaacson was also given unfettered access to anyone, including his family, to get their impressions and remembrances. Jobs did not hold back the honest, biting criticisms of those who did wrong by him and especially those who didn't meet his high expectations. And he speaks, almost lovingly, of not only his family, but also of his designer soulmate Jonathan \\"Jony\\" Ives, and the now Apple CEO, Tim Cook.<br /><br />\\"I wanted my kids to know me... I wasn't always there for them, and I wanted them to know why and to understand what I did...\\" is Jobs' explanation to Isaacson for writing this very private, yet surprisingly public autobiography that includes both public and private family photographic memorabilia.<br /><br />We learn how important it was for Jobs to intersect the humanities with technology, the cornerstone of his design philosophy. And how deeply he cared about making \\"great products.\\" How important it was for Apple to be vertically integrated, controlling all aspects of a consumers experience, from the software, to the hardware, and the introduction of iCloud so everything Apple will be seamless.<br /><br />\\"One more thing...\\" (something Steve Jobs would famously say near the end of his keynote presentations) Isaacson tells us, in heartbreaking detail, about Steve Jobs experience through his debilitating medical condition. So now, through Walter Isaacson's biography, all of us understands a man, who just like the rest of us was vulnerable, and was sadly taken away too young. It's not so much that we lost an \\"amazing human being,\\" but the opportunity to see and experience the extraordinary gifts to humanity and technology he could have given us if he'd been given the gift of more time.presentations) Isaacson tells us, in heartbreaking detail, about Steve Jobs experience through his debilitating medical condition. So now, through Walter Isaacson's biography, all of us understands a man, who just like the rest of us was vulnerable, and was sadly taken away too young. It's not so much that we lost an \\"amazing human being,\\" but the opportunity to see and experience the extraordinary gifts to humanity and technology he could have given us if he'd been given the gift of more time.
B001AQO400|5.0|The first minutes of Sofia Coppola's best film to date are quite revealing: A woman, Scarlett Johansson, is in a five star hotel, beholding Tokyo's skyline. A man, Bill Murray, looks through a car's window, curious perhaps, but above all estranged. Combining a deeply poignant music with suggestive images, the director creates a world, a filmic universe that captures our attention immediately. What Sofia Coppola does in the opening frames is what many filmmakers struggle to achieve in their entire careers.<br /><br />Throughout the film there is always a certain feeling of longing, of loneliness; longing for a different tomorrow, and loneliness as the confirmation that the one constant in human condition is discontent. Many critics must have explored the lack of communication as a fundamental key in \\"Lost in Translation\\", both as the obvious reference of the title and also as an indicator of all that we can't put into language.<br /><br />Perhaps in the best role of his career, Bill Murray plays Bob Harris, a washed-out actor that used to be a super star and now has to endorse a Japanese whisky to make a couple of million bucks. He feels like an alien in Tokyo. But he's also a specular image of the Japanese people's own alienated condition. Westernized to the extreme, the Japanese have lost their essence, they are the living example of how further can people go in order to disallow themselves.<br /><br />Giovanni Ribisi's character, a professional photographer also ponders on it: Japanese rock and roll groups that have no substance and exist only thanks to the decoration, the false reality that photography and the right publicity stunt can imprint on them. The photographer is there to sustain the alienation process, even if he disagrees with the falseness of it all.<br /><br />In the same way, Bob Harris has to synthetize in a TV commercial what the Japanese consider the core of Western elegance and sophistication. He is asked to be Roger Moore, Frank Sinatra, he is asked to perform not as the white man he is but as the white man they need him to be. Of course, there can be no words or guidelines for such a taxing acting job. And that's why also it's impossible for the interpreters to translate the instructions given to him. Not only are words lost in translation, but also there is an unnamed need, a `real' that threatens to irrupt into reality, and as Lacan explains in his psychoanalytic theory, the real exceeds the language, the real can never exist within the boundaries of the symbolic, id est, language.<br /><br />Bob Harris is an exhausted man that finds alcohol soothing, although just barely. After 25 years of marriage he is unhappy. Between him and his wife no real communication exists. What takes place, however, is a very insistent simulacrum, much in the same way that everything takes place in Japan. Philosopher Alan Badiou's talks about the importance of the simulacrum in postmodern society ([[ASIN:0826496733 Theory of the Subject]]); if Sofia Coppola's film is more revealing and enthralling than anything else out there is precisely because it embraces contemporaneity to the maximum; this isn't a film about explanations, about outcomes, which would be a modernist approach; this is a postmodern film in the way that it sates our hunger for art, for beauty and for intellectual value while establishing what Derrida proposed in his deconstruction theory: knowledge can never be complete. When Bob's wife sends him a fax, or Fed-Exes carpet samples, or calls him, it's all a simulacrum. They are never able to connect with each other, not even at the most basic of levels.<br /><br />In the same manner, Charlotte, extraordinarily interpreted by Scarlett Johansson seems to be drifting away. She's married to a successful photographer but she can't figure out what to do with her time. There is no meaning for life, and that thought depresses her and fills her heart with anguish. She tries to get into self-help audiobooks to feel better, to no avail. The entire boom of auto-help material is also an example of Badiou's simulacrum; thousands if not millions of these books are written each year, and yet they are all useless. Life cannot be summarized, standardized and explained so that you can feel better. But despair takes the best of us all, and thus self-help becomes the one and only thing that sells out nowadays.<br /><br />When Charlotte and Bob meet in the hotel's bar, they recognize in the other the same existential doubts, the same sensibilities, and they feel connected. They are the only characters able to actually communicate with each other. Their bond is intensified when contrasted with the world around them, for example, with Charlotte's Japanese friends who are so absolutely alienated and have tried so hard to look and act like Americans that end up as ridiculous and pathetic creatures. Tokyo is a city that denies its past, its traditions, so much that it's simply brutal to see how its inhabitants behave.<br /><br />However, there is still some true beauty left (beauty as it would be understood in the Genji Monogatari ([[ASIN:021785527X Japanese Literature; Including Selections From Genji Monogatari and Classical Poetry and Drama of Japan]]) and other traditional Japanese works of art), and Coppola gives us a glimpse of it, in a couple of moments. Nevertheless, this beauty, this true spirit, is constantly covered by the appalling reality that surrounds the protagonists. When Bob Harris receives the visit of a woman wearing sexy stockings, we are privy to yet another example of westernized acculturation and fantasies, although here the fantasy instead of covering the horror of the real merely exacerbates the void, the structural fissures of Japan's society.<br /><br />Sofia Coppola's masterwork resonates deeply inside of us because it's one of the most refined and superb portrayals of the human condition in cinema's history. The final scene, of course, proves once again that there is no such thing as a happy ending, and precisely because of that it reminds us that life is just like that, unpredictable, full of suffering but also possibilities of change and, of course, free will. Lost in Translation makes it into my personal top twenty without a second thought.lso an example of Badiou's simulacrum; thousands if not millions of these books are written each year, and yet they are all useless. Life cannot be summarized, standardized and explained so that you can feel better. But despair takes the best of us all, and thus self-help becomes the one and only thing that sells out nowadays.   When Charlotte and Bob meet in the hotel's bar, they recognize in the other the same existential doubts, the same sensibilities, and they feel connected. They are the only characters able to actually communicate with each other. Their bond is intensified when contrasted with the world around them, for example, with Charlotte's Japanese friends who are so absolutely alienated and have tried so hard to look and act like Americans that end up as ridiculous and pathetic creatures. Tokyo is a city that denies its past, its traditions, so much that it's simply brutal to see how its inhabitants behave.  However, there is still some true beauty left (beauty as it would be understood in the Genji Monogatari ([[ASIN:021785527X Japanese Literature; Including Selections From Genji Monogatari and Classical Poetry and Drama of Japan]]) and other traditional Japanese works of art), and Coppola gives us a glimpse of it, in a couple of moments. Nevertheless, this beauty, this true spirit, is constantly covered by the appalling reality that surrounds the protagonists. When Bob Harris receives the visit of a woman wearing sexy stockings, we are privy to yet another example of westernized acculturation and fantasies, although here the fantasy instead of covering the horror of the real merely exacerbates the void, the structural fissures of Japan's society.  Sofia Coppola's masterwork resonates deeply inside of us because it's one of the most refined and superb portrayals of the human condition in cinema's history. The final scene, of course, proves once again that there is no such thing as a happy ending, and precisely because of that it reminds us that life isjust like that, unpredictable, full of suffering but also possibilities of change and, of course, free will. Lost in Translation makes it into my personal top twenty without a second thought.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|Always been a big Metallica fan but not been big on Lou Reed but thought I'd give it a try. Think out side the box right? This CD is godaweful. It was all I could do to not throw this CD out the window while I was driving down the street. I kept thinking it would get better but it got worse. Lou Reed should not be allow anywhere near a microphone ever again. This project is just HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRRIBE!!! I don't know what the boys in Metallica were thinking.
0446585025|5.0|This book is like having Ellen in your home and talking to her.  It's a great read that is sure to bring delight to anyone who reads it.
B005K2KCPG|3.0|This was bit of a let down for me. The first Chicketfoot release was so good, almost flawless. Chickenfoot III just doesn't quite hold up against the first release. Chickenfoot III is almost what I would have expected the first album to sound like. Some good, some bad and some so so. The band still sounds good but some of the lyrics are a little off. And it just lacks some of the fun vibe that the first album had. Favorite tracks - Alright Alright and Bigfoot.
1932100660|5.0|The China Study is a book I received from KangenWaterOC.  It is a new book and has arrived in excellent condition.  I had read part of a friend's copy previously and knew it would make a great addition to my own home library.  Now that I have my own copy I can finish it, write in the margins, underline, etc and keep it for a reference.  I will refer to it many times in the future, I'm sure. I'm 70 years old and am determined to be as healthy and active as I can be for the rest of my life, and now I have the tools to do so. PS The seller was very good to do business with, also.  Thank you KangenWaterOC and thank you Amazon.  Sincerely, Book Lover
B003L77G8I|5.0|Love this show and didn't want to wait for Netflix to get it so I bought it.  Watched it and loved the extra scenes, gag real and the extended shows.
B005AUWXZ0|2.0|I do not have a Blu-Ray player, but the price was good so I bought this combo, But the DVD was not good!!! It was constantly pausing and generally ruined the movie. I sold it to a friend with a Blu-Ray and those discs worked fine but the DVD didn't work any better on his DVD player then mine. I do not expect the DVD single to be any better and I will not be buying one any time soon.
076115678X|5.0|I had my eye on this paper book for the longest and when I finally got my hands on this book I could not put it down,until I was absollutely finished it.
0920668372|1.0|I read this before becoming a parent and found it to be very disturbing.  I was 21 at the time and my boy friend's mom bought it for him for his birthday.  First few pages, I was like... \\"oh sweet.\\" Then when we got to the later part of the book and I said told my BF at the time that I hope his mom was not sneaking in on us to rock him to sleep... *shudder*.  This book is more for a parent who just can't let go then for explaining love to a child.  I will not buy it for my daughter.  I just can't imagine why any child would find this book comforting or fun!
B002SJKWZ4|5.0|This item gave me a complete nerdgasm.  It's simple to use, comes with easy to follow instructions and is the ULTIMATE Harry Potter fan electronic item.  Using it never gets old and it's great for showing off to fellow Potter nerds.  I'll never use another remote as long as I live.
0553801473|5.0|This book has received a heavy amount of criticism, and the vast majority of it is vain.  My qualms with it was Dany's decision to stay in Meereen for the duration of the book, although this just shows that I am emotionally moved by the story and it also seems to fit in with the ending.  Also I was disappointed by the lack of Bran chapters.  But other than that this is a marvelous addition to the Song.  The book succeeds in grabbing hold of the reader's emotions and attention.  Feast for Crows was a draggy at times but this one meets the par of the first three books I think.  I speed-read this book; I couldn't help myself from the next chapter after finishing one.  All in all this is a wonderful book that I look forward to rereading, and expect to enjoy it just as much.  I want to read the 6th book sooo bad, the cliffhanger is just too much [haha].  But disregard most of the negative comments saying they lost interest with Song and that this book is overly-descriptive, this book is just as descriptive and has just  as much action as the first three. read it, find out for yourself
B005974C94|5.0|Sheer Brilliance. The Tapestry created by these 2 masters is one for the ages. Clapton's stirring guitar work & Wynton's fluid trumpet , call for a Cognac, Cigar & a dimly lit room. Buy it!
B004FGMDOQ|3.0|Even though this is touted as a young adult's book the storyline seemed rather novel and I was intrigued so I picked it up for my wife and I to read on our Kindles.  And I was glad I did.  This is definitely not so great literary piece but it was a fun read and I enjoyed myself while reading it.  My biggest complaint about the book is, except for Jacob, that most of the characters seem a little one dimensional.  Jacob's dad is the perfect example of this.  That character is so lacking in any depth that I found his presence really pulled me out of the world that the author tried so hard to create.  Most of the \\"peculiar\\" fell into this category, although not to the extent of the father.  Even Miss Peregrine herself suffered somewhat from this.  There were a number of scenes also that the author just kind of seemed to hurry through to get to the next scene.  These would have been perfect opportunities for more character development.  I am hoping that, because the ending kind of left things hanging, the author is planning a series of these books.  If not the ending seems to just leave the reader dangling and without a follow up seems a bit pretentious.<br /><br />While I could see the photographs and read the handwritten letters it was difficult on the Kindle and probably easier to view as a physical book.<br /><br />Overall, it was a fun bit reading and I enjoyed the story, I just wish the author had flushed out some of the ideas and characters a bit more.
B004OZOTSQ|4.0|Browser interface is a bit buggy and tends to crash when the upload-file prompt is left open too long, but otherwise the app works perfectly.
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|As a consumer recently rediscovering a love for anime - I recently picked up Evangelion 1.11 and 2.22 as well as the Platinum series collection. I can't stand most of the mainstream popular 'toons, they seem shallow and headache inducing.  However, as a new fan of the Eva series, I found this film to be VERY entertaining! It has layer upon layer of depth in characters and story. The animation is beautiful and the action leaves naught to be desired.  A MUST BUY for any anime fan, and a great starter for those just beginning to love the quality of Japanese animation!
1439192812|5.0|I absolutely love this book. My kids are happy to sit and let me read it to them. They understand it and it has definitely allowed them to understand the \\"poetic magic\\" of the world around them. It also has given them the understanding of how the world works and how we learn about it. I love Richard Dawkins!
B004EC5IUW|5.0|As a consumer recently rediscovering a love for anime - I recently picked up Evangelion 1.11 and 2.22 as well as the Platinum series collection. I can't stand most of the mainstream popular 'toons, they seem shallow and headache inducing.  This is the sequel to Evangelion: 1.11, which follows the plot of the original series quite closely.  2.22 is second installment in the new series. It is the \\"break\\" of the Japanese \\"prelude/break/quick\\" dramatic style the creators are utilizing to refresh the classic cartoon. Whereas Evangelion: 1.11 was the \\"prelude\\" and followed the first third of the TV series almost exactly, the \\"break\\" is where the adventure takes on a life of its own, derailing from the original story. All of this is explained in greater detail in the cool packet included with the DVD.  And believe you me, it does justice to the depth and entertainment factor of the original series. The animation is leaps and bounds beyond what Hideaki Anno & co. could have hoped to achieve in 1995. On Blu-Ray, it is stunning. The angel design and Eva animation are beyond cool.  If what 2.22 accomplishes on behalf of 1.11 is any indication of what the 3rd and 4th installments will deliver, fans should brace themselves.  Kudos to Anno and his new team for this gem!
B000FC130E|5.0|The first I've truly enjoyed after slogging through 7 unoriginal works of junk, this book provides the fantasy reader with the single most important element we look for - Creativity!  How many remakes of middle earth are out there anyway?  I highly recommend this read due to its thought-provoking settings & entertaining characters as well as its lack of the grammatical errors that distract the reader in so many Kindle books.  The plot isn't the most satisfactory, but neither is it boring.  Who doesn't enjoy an 'every-man rises to hero' story when it's well-presented and creative?
B005FVFWOI|5.0|I've had so many versions of this album, I've lost track, but this is the ONE to own. Steven Wilson is one of my favorite artists of the past decade and I'm a Tull fan of 40 years standing, so this was a match made in heaven. Steven has taken the murkiness out of the original mixes and cleaned them up just enough without making it sound sterile. The reviews are correct: this is like hearing the record for the first time.  And yes, Wilson should be appointed official remixer of all classic prog records from here on out!  And don't forget to check out Steven's new \\"Grace For Drowning\\" double album. Great stuff!
B004HO6I2O|4.0|Was it a little over the top and vulgar? Yep sure. Was it formulaic? absolutely. Did I laugh? pretty often.  If you are not offended easily it's a fun movie.   If you are looking for an art house toronto film festival award type film, look somewhere else. If you are looking for some funny lines and T & A have a look
B003L77G8I|5.0|Best season yet; Loved the GUIDO episode... american tribes according to BONES. BOOTH gets a new girlfriend who I can already tell is going to be interesting to watch, on many levels. Baby coming. I have not seen the British lab assistant yet, he always cracks me up, but so far all the other fellowship characers are there... even the real annoying ones. People this bright with Mensa brains often are like this... so find the eccentricities realistic. Can not wait for the large Mastaadon that is in the team's space to become part of the plot... and I hope it does. So far field trips to Jersey Shore... maybe Bones will go to the big apple? Might be nice.
B004Z4LVZK|1.0|I was so upset after reading this book, I actually had nightmares about it. It truly disturbed me. It wasn't the Grievers that disturbed me; but the absolute waste of time I put into reading it. Seriously. What a maze of crap! I was hoping that I would be led into \\"amazement\\" by an intricately woven plot. I expected the secrets of the maze to give me plenty to ponder and the twists and turns to open exciting, mind bending, \\"ah hah\\" moments.   Instead we get nothing.  For example: Beware, plot reveal~  In the end, when Thomas' compatriots are fighting the Grievers, dying left and right, for who knows what?! This was just one of my moments of exasperation. The Bravest of the brave, who knowingly sacrifice themselves to an utterly horrible, horrifically painful death, are just that ~ dead. What ever the \\"Creators\\" of the maze were after in this experiment, because we never find out.... lost many of their best subjects to senseless death by the hands of their monsters.  The girl?! I thought she would bring some fabulous and added wonder to the plot. She didn't do a thing for me. Not one thing. I'm a girl. How insulting! What was she really? Eye candy?  Finally, I know this book is the first in a trilogy. But to give us absolutely nothing?! It's completely insulting to the intelligent mind.  Don't waste yours reading it~
B003YL4LYI|1.0|Worst book of the series.  A Dance With Dragons seems to go on and on and on, too many new characters are introduced, too many subplots and about  the chapters are boring.  Although, there were enough good chapters to keep me reading and eventually finishing the book.  At this point I am undecided on reading the next book in the series.
B004EPYZZI|5.0|This movie gets a 10 out of 10.  Absolutely loved it. The emotion, the action, the inspiration.  The story of Bethanie Hamilton is amazing. Knowing that it's a true story makes it so much more real for the audience and shares a greater connection.  Recommend it for all audiences apart from young kids
B005LY4B0A|5.0|my kids love this game. I find myself enjoying it too. I've always been a fan of puzzle games and this is a great game to pass the time when I'm on a plane.
B004EPZ08Y|1.0|This movie was ment to be in 3D (infact it was shot in 3D) and no word of a 3D release date only a 2d version just like shark night. I would give this a 4 out of 5 stars if this was also offered in 3D but cause it is not i will give it only 1 star. That is how great the 3D was in it. It was better than avatar and legends. How can they offer a great 3D movie that was shot in 3D only to sell a 2D version of the film. What a waste!!!!!
1848566980|1.0|I loved the cover art and thought I would take a gamble on this book.  There is a lot of really flat looking repetitive art.  Same layout, same design, same treatments.  Not a lot of unique forms or exploring or trials of new techniques.  Love the fresh look on the cover art and design but inside is all dated material.
B0000AK7A8|5.0|This was a great prize for a halloween coloing contest we have at my work the ages were 0 thru 10 they loved the prizes which all included this dvd it was just fun  and was a great sucess will do again
0394800184|3.0|A cute story about a bird trying to find his mother. I didn't like some of the things that the bird asked if it was his mother. I thought there should have been more animals in the story.
B004J4WKTW|4.0|This was a great book. I couldn't put it down until the end.  The end had no &#34;Ta-da&#34;, just some blah.  I loved the descriptiveness of the book, the obvious foreshadowing was wonderful.  The supporting characters top the main characters throughout.  It will read this again for sure.  Over all, this book is well worth the money.
B004T0E2S8|1.0|Doesn't work on my Samsung tablet, and has very few options.  Wish GuitarTapp was available here, much better app and works perfectly on my tablet
B004I1K2NW|5.0|Great movie, one of my all time faves! Great blend of horror and comedy.   **The blu-ray version is not 2 discs as it is designated on Amazon! Amazon needs to fix their product description.**
B00337KM2S|5.0|I had a chance to pick this up and didn't know much about the movie other than it is about a frequent flyer.<br /><br />I had a coffee and popped this on and it was nice to have some extra scenery in the beginning of the film, and the beginning has some jazz and has a nice opening sequence. I think the film is structured like this: Mr Ryan Bingham, is a motivational speaker who also works for a corporation that is currently doing some downsizing, I think it is a retail or construction organization. He has some funny moments with his friend Natalie who is perfect as a new hire at giving video link up pink slips to soon to be former employees. Nice to know, that she took the job to follow a guy who she broke up with afterward by text message.<br /><br />Through his sister Kara he learns of the marriage of Julie his other sister and is given a cutout of her and her fiance to photograph and locations that he travels to on business. Then he and Natalie go on a cruise in Miami where Natalie does karaoke and then the lights go out on the yacht and they have to take raft boats back to Miami Beach. He also gets his ranking in the airmiles program which entitles him to a platinum membership card and free tickets to be used or given as gifts.<br /><br />This is more of a comedy than a drama which is what I had thought it was before, it has plenty of one liners that make you pay attention to the dialogue. Jason Reitman who directed this film made an incredible effort to pull together the right people for the right parts for this movie, and structure the scenes the way he did, so they flow together perfectly.<br /><br />On thw whole, I enjoyed it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND it.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|There's a zombie in you're yard! You must play it. When you beat the game you are rewarded with a lovely prize you won't be able to get out of your thoughts for days to come. Good replayability.
B001E57SH8|3.0|It doesn't work upside down for pipes or lighting camp fires. I can't seem to fill its tank completely, and it feels flimsy. Other than that it has a nice but tiny little flame and doesn't stink or evaporate like a traditional zippo. I wanted a nice lighter to light my kelly kettle but since this doesn't stay lit when the flame is pointed down I'll probably just shelf it.
B003629IPW|5.0|I love Michael Jackson alot and still have not bought it until now im very happy. I received it in 8 days new It's a 10 out of 10
B002MQYOFW|5.0|My husband and I read the first book, and couldn't put it down. We quickly went through the next two books. The characters and the story line literally jump right out of the book. Couldn't wait for the next few moments to read some more. Wish there was a \\"prequell\\" so we know how all the characters became who they were. Our only problem is, now what do we read? Do yourself a favor. If you love supense, action, future, and even some love, get this book, you have to read all 3, in order. Loved it, LOVED IT!!!
B0064YKWEA|5.0|I don't want to give anything away so I'll just say that this episode is by far the most intense one ever! Something huge is happening in Charming that you don't want to miss. As always the Son's are the best, but Clay better watch his back...
B004LFO0FG|4.0|[[ASIN:B004LFO0FG Femme Fatale]]The CD is worth the money. Not a clinker (&/or bad track on it) Britney Spears is a Femme Fatale
0385535139|5.0|\\"Better is the poor who walks in his integrity<br />Than one perverse in his ways, though he be rich.\\" -- Proverbs 28:6 (NKJV)<br /><br />John Grisham takes readers on a humorous tour of what street lawyers (aka \\"ambulance chasers\\") do. He wisely chooses three different characters with wildly different motives and talents to make cautionary points for anyone thinking of hiring a lawyer at little or no cost. I thought it was Mr. Grisham's funniest book by a wide margin. My wife (who isn't a lawyer) saw little humor in it . . . but liked the story anyway.<br /><br />You'll also get a great inside look at what small-time lawyers think about on a daily basis.<br /><br />For the public, the book's big shocker may be realizing how little experience most lawyers have in litigation.<br /><br />As always, Mr. Grisham does offer hope through redemption.<br /><br />Bravo!
B000LB7G00|4.0|The SpaceNavigator is a terriffic toy, and 6 axis input gives me more degrees of freedom than I know how to use. I wish that out of the box it was compatible with more software, I find I'm often using a Mac program, called ControllerMate to map inputs from this device to conventional drivers where other programs can access them.
B0059XTTSM|5.0|Jeff Nichols' \\"Take Shelter\\" is a movie that reverberates in your mind for days after you've seen it. It's the story of Curtis (Michael Shannon), a road construction worker who lives in a small northern Ohio town with his wife Samantha (Jessica Chastain) and their small, hearing-impaired daughter Hannah. Curtis and Samantha live a quiet, outwardly contented life, and between their savings and Curtis' health insurance they plan soon to get Hannah the operation that will allow her to hear.<br /><br />But soon Curtis is beset with visions and nightmares. Rain the color and texture of motor oil falls from the sky; his beloved old dog attacks him viciously; strange creatures menace him and Hannah; birds fly in spiraling, evil-looking flocks, then suddenly fall dead to the ground. Slowly Curtis becomes convinced these nightmares are premonitory of a cataclysmic tornado. He starts borrowing equipment from work and spending his family's savings to build a state-of-the-art tornado shelter in his yard, infuriating Samantha and alienating his friends in the process.<br /><br />Even Curtis is aware that his visions might be the sign of an unbalanced mind; his mother (Kathy Baker) was diagnosed as a paranoid schizophrenic when she was about the age he is now. But talking to his mother provides no answers, and neither do the pathetically bare-bones mental health services available in his town.<br /><br />This is Nichols' second feature. His first--\\"Shotgun Stories,\\" which also starred Shannon--had many fine things in it but suffered from too many lingering landscape shots. In \\"Take Shelter,\\" however, the flat, foreboding Ohio landscape is virtually a character, and the ever-more-threatening storm clouds Curtis sees on the horizon add immeasurably to the building suspense. Nichols' screenplay is airtight, and the performances could not be bettered. Shannon, with his craggy, haunted face. delivers an unforgettable performance, and Chastain--who is having a miracle year as an actress--stands shoulder-to-shoulder with him.<br /><br />The story culminates in a horrifying yet touching scene that intertwines the twin plot threads of weather-borne terror and family love. However, Nichols adds a coda to the story that I'm still trying to make up my mind about. That coda could be interpreted as vindication, as parable, or as a plain sick joke. No matter. \\"Take Shelter\\" is a breathtaking cinematic experience, and no one who sees it will forget it.with him.  The story culminates in a horrifying yet touching scene that intertwines the twin plot threads of weather-borne terror and family love. However, Nichols adds a coda to the story that I'm still trying to make up my mind about. That coda could be interpreted as vindication, as parable, or as a plain sick joke. No matter. \\"Take Shelter\\" is a breathtaking cinematic experience, and no one who sees it will forget it.
B00009W0U4|4.0|This movie was definitely disturbing.  It's not for the faint at heart.  The acting was superb and the reversal of events was a clever twist.  It gave the viewer one surprise after another.
B00001OH7T|5.0|Let me start by saying 2 things:<br /><br />1. The people who can't get into this album are most of the time rock music fans strictly and don't go outside that box. David Bowie has changed his style so many times over the years that I can't count how many different sounds he's had. This was one brief change of style for this album and he actually made the funk rock sound his own and incorporated heavy elements of R&B and soul into the mix. This was probably the only album that was all about those elements that David Bowie put out but the important things are if you try to judge the music based on it's merit and stop judging David Bowie, you'll hear more to praise in it, I'm sure of it.<br /><br />2. So many people bash the cover of \\"Across The Universe\\" on here when it's more of a collaborative effort because John Lennon was on guitar and backing vocals. It's more like another version of the song because the person who wrote it is playing on it and it even sounds like the two guys were having fun making it. And bottom line, it's a nice twist on the song. People need to relax and accept that songs are songs, not legal documents or anything to get hung up on.<br /><br />All in all, this succeeds because David Bowie doesn't hold back and the guest vocalists and musicians add even more to the mix. If this weren't a David Bowie album, it would barely have any negative reviews at all. Keep an open mind.
B0034G4P94|5.0|One of the best Films Ive seen .  I dont judge a film by the acolades it has recieve , weather or not it has big stars and especially weather or not it fits with the politically correct  Hollywood crowd.  I judge a flim by how well it captivates me by the excitment  and suspense it gives me and by the quality of the acting.  This film gives it ALL.  Nick Nolte should win an Oscar for this  I dont care what the Elites say about the flim Nick Nolte gave one of the most dramatic acting jobs I have ever scene.  I know the Elites wont even consider him because in their eyes action moves are all low on the totem pole and its so sad because I dont see acting like Nock Noltes performance very often . Rarely. I would call his performance ummmmmmm EPIC .  Feel good moves get my ticket every time and I will be getting the DVD of this  the day it comes out.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This is by far the best game for android yet. Not only is it fun, its the most polished and good looking android game.
B004A1NMRS|5.0|I am and always have been a Pixies fan and this reasonably priced reissue has all the essential tracks.  I couldn't have picked a better tracklisting.  The remastering sounds fantastic.  Highly recommended for 90's fans to find out who inspired the Mighty KC (kurt cobain).  Kim Deal was the perfect counterbalance to Frank Black and she shines on Gigantic and Winterlong.  UK first press was on color, this US version is on black vinyl.
1600595871|4.0|I got this for my daughter, a librarian.  When it arrived I couldn't have been happier.  The book is huge and filled with all kinds of examples and ideas for handmade books.  I enjoy just looking at the projects.  The photos are great and there are instructions for each example.  Should stimulate creativity!
B00006G8G1|4.0|Gawd I love these guys. This is the most high energy performance, and man are they on top of their game, and sound just perfect.  Best band ever, really.  Absolute must see.<br /><br />My only complaint is the editing - ol 'arry went a bit overboard in the cutting room.<br /><br />Up The Irons!
B005N7CA3A|5.0|I recieved Darren Hayes: Secret Codes And Battleships about a week ago and I seriously cannot stop listening to this album. I like to call this record Savage Garden's Unofficial third release. It has that whole vibe to it and It brings back memories when I was like 16yrs listening to such songs as \\"I Knew I Loved You\\" and  \\"Crash And Burn\\" .  I'm not going to say how this is the BEST Darren Hayes album but, its Brilliant, Beautiful, and Then Some just like everything else he has released.    I love EVERY song on this album and they all get straight to the point and pull you right in. \\"Nearly Love\\" and \\"Hurt\\" are just okay song, but I still love them and are better than most songs we hear on the radio.  \\"Taken By The Sea\\" OMG, this song is just AMAZING!! The chorus is so Savage Garden-like: \\"And I want you and that's so terrifying, And I want you to help put out the fire\\" I can't get it out my head.  \\"Don't Give Up\\" is great Gem as well about not giving up on a relationship.  \\"Black Out The Sun\\" has that Michael Jackson vibe with the tribal drum beats, it just Brilliant all over.  \\"Talk Talk Talk\\" the first single, is just a great song to dance to and it has that 80s thing going on with it, I love it. \\"Bloodstained Heart\\" when I first heard this song I was blown away by the lyrics and Darren vocals. \\"God Walking Into The Room\\" all I can say about this song is \\"WOW!!\\" This song reminds me of Madonna's \\"Like A Prayer\\" This has to be one of Darren's finest song on this album. \\"Roses\\" sounds like one his songs from the Spin album, its a beautiful ballad that gives me goosebumps. \\"Stupid Mistake\\" is my favorite song on this ablum, I have listen to this song over a 100 times and counting. Darren hits his signature fassetto when singing, \\"I got lazy on the wrong side of love, now I'm searching every face in the crowd for you, for you\\" Its so catchy and addictive.  \\"Cruel Cruel World\\" and \\"The Siren's Call\\" are the last two tracks and they are both soothing to the soul especially the latter song. I am listening to the album as i right this review and I can't stop listening. I probably be listening til Darren fifth record comes out. He has so many songs and I can't get enough of them. Go out and get this album if you haven't already. I'm always searching and downloading his b-sides and demos, he has so many its insane. Thanks for reading my review, hope it helped.
B001E45XT4|5.0|I love the sound, it feels like I'm inside a movie theater.  If you are looking for something discrete, this may not be for you! I even get joked around by the family when I'm wearing this headphones.  It blocks external noise to a certain extend.  Headphones like this ones usually make my ears sweaty and after some time they begin to hurt, with this headphone all that is gone!  Recommended!
B004UID2LC|4.0|i love how i can get all the songs i want in mp3 format downloaded directly to my phone from youtube.  The downside-you cannot multi-task while listening to the downloaded music as the player needs to remain on and if you press back or open another app, it it closes the music player via youtube downloader.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I couldn't be happier with this product, it does the job extremely well and the fan makes no noise what-so-ever!  It keeps the cpu cool at all times, even in a hot room!  I recommend this to everyone, just make sure it fits well inside your case because it is pretty big.  Any Mid-Tower and Bigger should work just fine.
B002O5M4SA|4.0|My boss is always harping on me to be 'more professional'. I don't know what he's talking about. I show up at the office at least three days a week, and cry under my desk for the alotted four-and-a-half hours. I even wear pants occasionally.<br /><br />Still, he complains. So I made a good faith effort to tap into this 'professionalism' business he's always yapping about.<br /><br />I finally decided the best way to BE professional was to LEARN from a professional. Or rather, THE Professional. So I bought this disc, hoping for some pointers on how to get along in the corporate world.<br /><br />I learned three things. Never short a DEA agent if you're asked to hold a stash. Never make fun of an Italian wearing John Lennon glasses. And never open a bank account with Danny Aiello.<br /><br />I don't know if that makes me more 'professional', exactly. But if I ever need my boss rubbed out, at least I know who to look for.
B0055SWM08|5.0|It's a nice game to just unwind a bit. The music is very calming. It loads fast. No complaints. Finally a puzzle game that breaks away from the standard ones.
0321344758|5.0|If you are interested at all in web design and user interface design you have to read this book. It's a quick read, but filled with common sense facts. I think about Steve's approach every day, really. It makes me want to redesign almost every website I come across, except this one, which is used in examples throughout the book.
0385344325|5.0|Great book.  Jack Reacher is a true super hero and Lee Child is a super writer. As usual, I read this book in one sitting and it did not disappoint.  The book is actually a prequel and takes place while Jack is still in the Army.  Lots of info on his early days.  Loved it!
B005HV6Y84|1.0|I've loved the last 3 soundtracks but this one is awful. It's boring and one soppy song blends into the next. I was even disappointed in the new version of my favorite from the Twilight soundtrack. I think this is an extra letdown since the Eclipse soundtrack has been, IMHO, the best one yet. I hope the movie isn't as boring as this CD. Total waste of money.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Very addictive game, perfect for killing 5 - 10 mins. If you can see the path that you are going to take, you can keep dragging your finger without lifting :-)
B004P8JPS6|5.0|Loved it. I agree it feels slightly different than previous novels but that's just fine. Reacher is not a total loner as he's still in the army. But he's Reacher alright.
B005LRWRZ8|4.0|I am just listening this album for the first time, and I have to say, the first impression is very good. The band sounds great, El Colorado has done a nice job (one again). Aguante Megadeth!
B003HARV3Y|1.0|Everything was just wrong.  Everything.  Ares was a main character and not even in the movie.  The screen writer did not read the book.  It was just a terrible movie made an the spot.
B005LAIGFA|2.0|I can't recall knowing much of anything about J. Edgar Hoover before seeing this film. Other than recognizing the name, everything else was pretty much a mystery. I suppose that's why it was so intriguing; controversy is always interesting. Here is this man that became known for his incredibly strict standards, his loyalty to his work, his rise to the top of law enforcement, and basically helped the way crimes are solved and prosecuted evolve to what we're familiar with today who basically had confidential files on every major player he'd ever been in contact with, was completely clueless when it came to the opposite sex, and may or may not have been homosexual.<br /><br />The film begins during the Palmer Raids of late 1919 and early 1920 and covers everything up to Hoover's death in 1972. We constantly jump back in forth in time as an older J. Edgar (Leonardo DiCaprio) is narrating his version of his life and the younger version of J. Edgar in the 30s as he rose to the top of the Bureau of Investigation and formed the FBI. The way the film transitions between the early 1930s and 1972 and the way these transitions are edited is part of the film's charm. It already has this kind of filter on it; the one that seems to have become associated with most of Clint Eastwood's directorial efforts. Everything looks kind of semi-drained of its color and is kind of hazy. It looks the way you'd imagine the past if somebody was telling you a story and they cued a flashback or something.<br /><br />The unfortunate thing is the film has something really intriguing at its core, but it's presented so blandly. There's a huge explosion early on in the film, gangsters, gunfire, and a dead body among other things but it's all spread out amongst rather underwhelming dialogue. DiCaprio becomes incredibly emotional in the final half hour or so, but he seems to be holding back the rest of the time. Other than portraying a different accent, he seems to just be going with the flow while the same can be said for Naomi Watts. While DiCaprio does pull it together later on, Armie Hammer practically acts circles around him the entire time. His facial expressions are what give away just how much he enjoys being in the company of J. Edgar and his portrayal of an older man with health problems is practically spot-on. Judi Dench also has quite a few memorable scenes as J. Edgar's mother Anna Marie. Keep a particular eye out for the \\"Daffy\\" conversation between her and J. Edgar.<br /><br />The make-up effects are easily a shoe-in to win an Oscar this year. Not only are they fantastic, but trying to think of worthy competition is almost impossible. X-Men: First Class perhaps? Either way they did a phenomenal job here. The subtle sex jokes became increasingly awkward as the film progressed. However, that was more than likely its purpose. There is also one of the most oafish kiss scenes in cinematic history included in here. While watching J. Edgar, I couldn't help but think of David Fincher's Zodiac. It was mostly in the way both films seemed to ease you into conversations and reactions revolving around what interested you in the film to begin with rather than throwing you headfirst into the subject (The Zodiac Killer and J. Edgar's private life respectively). The flaw with that comparison is that Zodiac is still more interesting than J. Edgar.<br /><br />J. Edgar comes off as longwinded and fairly boring the majority of the time. There is a fascinating story buried within its roots, but somewhere between pen and paper and the big screen a bland representation of what it once was became the movie we know today. Leonardo DiCaprio almost seems to hold back most of the film while Armie Hammer manages to outshine him at every turn and shows how ridiculously talented he really is. J. Edgar isn't downright awful, but it isn't great either. Even though they only played a minor role, J. Edgar manages to be the lamest and dullest film featuring gangsters I've ever seen.Naomi Watts. While DiCaprio does pull it together later on, Armie Hammer practically acts circles around him the entire time. His facial expressions are what give away just how much he enjoys being in the company of J. Edgar and his portrayal of an older man with health problems is practically spot-on. Judi Dench also has quite a few memorable scenes as J. Edgar's mother Anna Marie. Keep a particular eye out for the \\"Daffy\\" conversation between her and J. Edgar.  The make-up effects are easily a shoe-in to win an Oscar this year. Not only are they fantastic, but trying to think of worthy competition is almost impossible. X-Men: First Class perhaps? Either way they did a phenomenal job here. The subtle sex jokes became increasingly awkward as the film progressed. However, that was more than likely its purpose. There is also one of the most oafish kiss scenes in cinematic history included in here. While watching J. Edgar, I couldn't help but think of David Fincher's Zodiac. It was mostly in the way both films seemed to ease you into conversations and reactions revolving around what interested you in the film to begin with rather than throwing you headfirst into the subject (The Zodiac Killer and J. Edgar's private life respectively). The flaw with that comparison is that Zodiac is still more interesting than J. Edgar.   J. Edgar comes off as longwinded and fairly boring the majority of the time. There is a fascinating story buried within its roots, but somewhere between pen and paper and the big screen a bland representation of what it once was became the movie we know today. Leonardo DiCaprio almost seems to hold back most of the film while Armie Hammer manages to outshine him at every turn and shows how ridiculously talented he really is. J. Edgar isn't downright awful, but it isn't great either. Even though they only played a minor role, J. Edgar manages to be the lamest and dullest film featuring gangsters I've ever seen.
B005HIBWFW|5.0|Ken Russell's Tchaikovsky opus, while not quite given the release it deserves, is here available in the best version since the film caused such a hue and cry on it's original cinema release over 40 years ago.<br />I don't want to wish my life away, but I'd loved to have seen the hullabaloo: a fried homosexual married to a deranged nymphomaniac! Those oh-so-earnest arts programmes which inspired so many of those infinitely more entertaining Monty Python sketches, aghast at the treatment of one of orchestral music's guiding lights, yet pragmatically defending the artist's right to free expression and establishment non-intervention....<br />Lovely.<br />Proper culture.<br /><br />Looking at 'the Music Lovers' today, the only real shock comes in the realisation that behind all the grotesquerie and frenzied headiness, there's actually a damned good film going on ~ and one that really shouldn't be taken so ludicrously seriously.<br />Richard Chamberlain is great as potty old Peter and Glenda Jackson equal to him as his driven-loopy-by-sexual-frustration (and we've all been there !)  gold-digging spouse.<br />The rest of the well-capable cast is from Russell's own personel stock: Aris, Gable, Telezynska, Faulds, Colley, Armitage, Claire with a special mention to Max Adrian - always magnificent for Russell - as Tchaikovsky's critical professor and one of the earliest cultural exponents of tough love.<br /><br />It's a well known fact that Russell only managed to secure finance for the picture after promising the keepers of the UA purses that he would completely sensationalise the story - and this he did...<br />The British film industry was split three ways in the early seventies: Hammer horror was merrily stripping off in the wake of the relaxation in censorship, the bawdy Carry On films were also taking advantage, the euphemisms more shamelessly lavatorial than ever; and the 'worthy' 'art' film,  Loache's 'Kes' and Anderson's 'If' being recent - and brutal - examples, were operating embryonically effectively but still very much in the margins.<br />Russell combines all three, as usual with not much subtelty and even less restraint. He lashes his spunky creativity to every frame,  exaggerating and mocking each genre until the droll mutation is irresistibly defined.<br /><br />'The Music Lovers' is hilarious, ugly, cruel, angry, beautifully shot and wonderfully acted. It's the kind of film that needed to be made in the UK in 1970, delivering a hefty swift one to the cobblers of all that had cinematically preceded it in the previous purple satin decade (even, to some extent, Russell's own work). It isn't by any leap, a hasty follow up to the courageously inferior 'Women in Love' ~ it's its own bellicose beast. A veritable black box of hysterical despair and lewd, clever, rip-roaring bleak humour.<br /><br />How factual it all is is open to debate (and debate, and debate...), this is obviously Tchaikovsky's story as Russell sees it - and, as has been observed elsewhere - it is a strange truth he sometimes sees. No-one should care. To paraphrase from another vulture of controversy hovering around at the time, 'The Music Lovers' is a 'man sized crast.' Who is bothered if he never actually met Madam von Meck, his adoring patron, or the men in white coats didn't come for his cuckoo missus til AFTER his death ?  Not this reviewer for chips.<br /><br />Enjoy it in 'Scope for the first time too; a film this size thrives on Panavision like the cholera bacteria thrives in fecal waste water. Yet even in it's eye-pleasing vastness, 'The Music Lovers' paints tiny cameos. Russell - like David Lynch - should be forced to film everything he does at 2:35, including his tv work. Great visualists (cinematicians I call them) have nothing to fear from the empty corners.<br /><br />Another reviewer claims 'The Music Lovers' to be the greatest British film ever made, and this may well be so. The proclamation seems wild, yet I can't think of many UK productions more important or so thunderously enjoyable. What the Puttnam/Forbes axis would make of that I really can't say, but I'd like to be in the studio audience of that Idle-presented, profoundly reverential tv show, when they, Russell and Melvyn Bragg (The Music Lovers excellent scriptwriter) thrash it all out.s would make of that I really can't say, but I'd like to be in the studio audience of that Idle-presented, profoundly reverential tv show, when they, Russell and Melvyn Bragg (The Music Lovers excellent scriptwriter) thrash it all out.
B000VNMMWA|5.0|This is best movie i'v ever seen! It makes you laugh, it makes you cry, and it makes you want to get off your lazy butt and go kick other people's. Don't even think about not watching this movie!
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|Enough already! A friend of mine picked this up because he's a huge Metallica fan. I've struggled over the years, trying to be loyal, and I've always kept my eyes and ears, hoping that they'd return to form. After listening to \\"LuLu\\" and laughing so much at just how terrible this album is, I've finally realized something...The member of Metallica do NOT give a damn about their fans. They do as they please, knowing that they are the MIGHTY METALLICA and that we can all kiss their behinds. I'll guarantee that no matter how much they'll talk about pleasing their fans, they don't care what we think.<br /><br />I've learned that shutting Metallica out of my iPod and turning them off every time they are played on the radio has brought me joy, somehow.(Just HOW MANY times must we be subjected to listen to \\"Enter Sandman\\" on the radio? Arghhhh!) I now listen to \\"Testament\\". Their older and newer releases are true to the style of music that Metallica made popular. Also, there is a relatively new band called \\"Evile\\" that is also excellent. And of course there's \\"Megadeth\\". I'd rather listen to Megadeth's \\"Risk\\" album with a nail in my skull than listen to another Metallica abomination.<br /><br />Metallica, Our relationship is now officially OVER! This collaboration with Lou Reed is nothing more than a joke. Lou reed always sucked anyway, this just proves it more so. This is a slap in the face to all of your fans. I dare the members of Metallia to look into my eyes and tell me that they are proud of \\"LuLu\\". You just keep finding other ways to keep people from downloading music illegally....by making terrible music that no one wants. I'd be embarrassed to play this music for a friends.
B004LUS390|1.0|I love this app, but the recent update has a critical bug. I can no longer draw after zooming in! Fix it please!
B004LWZW4W|1.0|Boring and uninteristing movie. The special effects at the end were good,but again just couldn't get into this at all. I am a Planet of the Apes fan,the original is a masterpiece,this is just couldn't get it. It was also very drawn out.
0767812166|5.0|I only viewed 1984's \\"Starman\\" once before, sometime in the mid-90s, until viewing it again a few days ago. All I can say is, what a treat! \\"Starman\\" remains an exceptional movie-watching experience over 25 years after its release.<br /><br />THE PLOT (**minor plot spoilers**): An alien crashlands in Wisconsin and is able to take the form of Jenny Hayden's dead husband via the DNA from a lock of his hair. Jeff Bridges and Karen Allen star in these roles. The alien needs Jenny to take 'him' to a rendezvous site, the huge crater near Winslow, Arizona. Jenny understandably feels kidnapped, at first, but starts to see things that may change change her perception. Meanwhile, the government led by George Fox (Richard Jaeckel, the MP from \\"The Dirty Dozen\\") wants to capture the alien for nefarious purposes. This presents a moral conundrum for Mark Shermin (Charles Martin Smith) who comes to realize that the alien was responding to a message he sent out to space for the government. Will he side with the cold-hearted Feds or risk his bread & butter to possibly help the alien? (**end spoilers**)<br /><br />\\"Starman\\" possesses a palpable sense of wonder and beauty, as well as drama, thrills and suspense, not to mention one laugh-out-loud scene (I won't give it away but a grim state trooper figures in).<br /><br />It's interesting to note the many films that have ripped-off \\"Starman.\\" For instance, \\"[[ASIN:B00007BKVC Thelma & Louise]],\\" \\"[[ASIN:B002X7TLKS The Day The Earth Stood Still]]\\" and \\"[[ASIN:B002935GMS Race to Witch Mountain (Single-Disc Edition)]],\\" the latter essentially being a more action-packed, kid-friendly version of the vastly superior \\"Starman\\" (although I still enjoyed it). Yet \\"Starman\\" does its own 'ripping-off,' e.g. the kissing scenes from the Original Star Trek episode \\"By Any Other Name.\\"<br /><br />The Eastern scenes were shot in central Tennessee and Cedar Rapids, while the Western Locations include Colorado, Arizona, Las Vegas and Monument Valley. It's a nice mix of East & West.<br /><br />The film runs 115 minutes.<br /><br />FINAL WORD: If you haven't seen \\"Starman\\" for awhile, be sure to give it a fresh viewing. If you've never seen it, drop everything and apprehend a copy pronto! The is filmmaking of the highest caliber.<br /><br />GRADE: As a nice mix of East & West.<br /><br />The film runs 115 minutes.<br /><br />FINAL WORD: If you haven't seen \\"Starman\\" for awhile, be sure to give it a fresh viewing. If you've never seen it, drop everything and apprehend a copy pronto! The is filmmaking of the highest caliber.<br /><br />GRADE: A
B005UKJX4E|1.0|Possibly one of the worst movies I've seen. Started out cool enough. Innocents die, Pitt's character sucks, how does G-d allow this? Primary source of annoyance with the movie is a growing sense of \\"self importance.\\" It starts off visually cool enough (and continues with many good shots cinematic-wise). Brad Pitt and Sean Penn are cast as Pitt the father and Sean the fast-forward to grownup older son who takes the brunt of Brad Pitt's poor fathering as a child, amidst a CGI / Hubel telescoping the idea of creation and \\"G-d.\\" The questions it lays out are deep, existential, universal and monumental, but its idea of itself as a vehicle to comprehend, handle and execute answers to these serious, everlasting questions about G-d and fate and death-to-innocents is what makes the movie weak. The boy's pubescent obsession with lingerie and his admission that he is now cut off from G-d (cause he masturbated on his neighbor's lingerie(?)) would have been places a deep thinker might stop and explore, not touch on and run from. The last 5 minutes were particularly brutal in their demand we stay around for this - as the writers and producers took that last big dose of amphetamine-like pretension - and added a combo of every silly Hollywood notion of how \\"we all meet in the afterlife to walk into the ocean together now that we see how silly we've all been\\" ending, and for the last ten minutes of the film, as the music swelled with each long fade, I found myself whimpering aloud, \\"please be over, please...\\"<br /><br />It's worth seeing to understand where the bar is within Hollywood's understanding of the deeper things in life. It did make great use of cinematic technique, so from a technical point of view it was edgy and creative. To have Sean Penn wandering around at the beginning, with just a hint of what his own loss was... you just know it's bad.... But ultimately it's not sustainable, and I dont think you can blame the audience for not appreciating it. I mean, you could argue this is great moviemaking, but in the words of Lucky Ned: \\"It's too thin, Rooster. Too thin.\\"great moviemaking, but in the words of Lucky Ned: \\"It's too thin, Rooster. Too thin.\\"
1439196834|5.0|Excelent book !! Barney rules.  I recommend buying the book to all fans of HIMYM.   Bring a complete set of the seduction techniques applied during the serie.
1439102813|4.0|What a wonderful yet sad and heartbreaking story. We are introduced to Dr Alice Howland, a woman with an excellent and intelligent mind used for her career as a Harvard professor, lecturer, researcher and author. We are introduced to Alices life, work and family and how her disease is uncovered and how the family and Alice try to cope and live with it.  Whilst some of it gets into the more complicated side of drugs and trials and how the disease is effecting the brain and the terminology used, it isn't done in gargon that you cannot follow. I found even the medical explanations were fairly easy to follow and it is only a small part of the story.  The bulk of the story is in Alice trying to cope with the loss that comes with the disease, how the family react and cope with each stage and the journey as Alice slowly loses her independance, memory and confidence as Alzheimer's takes over.  I found this book so sad and felt for Alices struggle and being brave trying to maintain what she could of her normal everyday life. It really opens your eyes to what life with this disease can actually be like, whilst a fictional story it has been researched well and paints a vivid picture of what this disease is like to live with. I could hardly put it down 4/5 for me.
B0015AARJI|1.0|This controller would be great if it could hold a charge, had fully functional buttons, and the analog sticks weren't completely sluggish and useless. Instead, NorAm International Partners, Inc. sent me a counterfeit controller that doesn't work at all and takes all the fun out of playing my PS3. When it comes to PS3 controllers, just go to Best Buy and have the peace of mind knowing you're actually receiving an AUTHENTIC Sony product and not some sweat shop knock off.
B005G4TJI4|5.0|I've been a big fan of the original Transformers cartoon for a long time. I think that all involved made some great movies and this one doesn't disappoint. Great action and plenty of robot carnage.
0439023521|4.0|I wasn't going to read this series. I read the book summary and thought it was a brutal and ridiculous plot. I usually don't like sci-fi/fantasy, so I decided I would skip these. Then I was given a copy of this book and thought I may as well give it a try. I was hooked immediately. I enjoyed Collins' style of writing. It was familiar, detailed, and kept me yearning for more. I loved her word choices. But the plot was completely different than I expected. The \\"arena\\" the Hunger Games are played in is like being lost in the woods and trying to survive while being hunted. Yes, it was brutal at times, particularly the end, but it felt very authentic.
0307472841|5.0|This is a great read!  The adventure begins with the opening pages and continues until the very end.  This book gives you an historical perspective of China as well as a current one to better understand the characters and the story. I would highly recommend this book.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|Adding my support to this AMAZING novel.  Have re-read it numerous times already, from front to back and still loved EVERY PAGE.
0143034545|1.0|I am a HUGE fan of the first book, Getting things done, but thought this book was a totally waste of time and money.  Do not recommend.
030788743X|5.0|Its been a long time since I didn't want a book to end.  This was so much fun to read!
B005D0RDIE|5.0|As a 50 year young RUSH fanatic, having seen them live 45 times in 4 states since 1977, I have come to expect a lot from Geddy, Alex, and Neil in terms of their music and their live concerts. This is one classic rock band that has raised the bar for many others in terms of their quality music, studio perfection, and killer live shows. This 'Live In Cleveland' show is no exception. It delivers in every way! There is the very humorous 'time machine' vignettes that are part of the live show, that are seamlessly intertwined with the live music, and the infectious smiles and banter between the band. The audience was 'on fire' and clearly enthused and entertained. The DVD editing is superb, with just the right dose of great closeups of the 3 maestros performing magic on their instruments, the animated audience, and whole stage and arena shots. There are also a few 'extras', mainly a vintage video of 'Anthem' being performed at the Capitol Theatre in Passaic, NJ way back in the stone ages, and out-takes and bloopers from the 'time machine' vignettes. If you like Rush, this is a 'must own'.  If you don't like Rush, this is a 'must own' as well!
B005J29HCQ|5.0|I could write a dissertation on this monumental release, its history and impact it made in rock music, even though it was never released properly until now, and that version, \\"The Smile Sessions\\" necessitated some editing work given the age of the original masters under Brian Wilson's careful supervision.<br />  What made this incredible album even more tantalizing was the bits and pieces Wilson tossed on other albums to us as teasers, perhaps, or because he couldn't handle more than one song at a time making its release.  \\"Smiley Smile\\" was what the Beach Boys delivered after Brian pulled the original \\"Smile\\", and with the exception of \\"Heroes and Villains\\" and \\"Good Vibrations\\", the album was an absolutely shocking shoddy collection of weird outtakes, drug infested nonsense and served to totally confound listeners.  Wilson and company would pay for it, too, because once faithful Beach Boy and Wilson fans took this as a sad death knell for a genius too wasted to matter anymore.  Still, he would tease us with \\"Cabin Essence\\", the album track \\"Surf's Up\\" and some bits and pieces in a collector's set in 1993.  With that release, a fan could create a very rough version of \\"Smile\\", but not knowing the original sequencing, it would not be a cohesive mix, to say the least.<br />  The mystique slowly faded, interesting now to Wilson acolytes and Beach Boy hardcore fans.  This is the sad part, because the album, which, had it been released in the spring of 1967 as intended, would have put the Beach Boys and Brian Wilson especially in the Beatles category for legendary greatness, Wilson the only musician out there who was as creative and talented as his counterparts in England.<br />  But we mustn't cry over spilled milk.  The very fact that Brian Wilson is with us today, still recording wonderful albums and touring like crazy (now that is a change of events, considering he refused to tour anymore around the same time the Beatles quit playing live) is cause for celebration, and hopefully his legacy will not fade with his original fan base.  Many young people more interested in real melody have discovered this great man and his music, and maybe with this release and proper promotion, the credit due him will be bestowed forever.<br />  Wilson did remake the album in 2004 with his band the Wondermints, and it was a qualified success and victory as he discovered when he played \\"Smile\\" live how much fans loved it.  As Brian recounts in the booklet, he thought the 2004 release would be the end of the chapter, but as good as it was, more and more people wanted to hear the original album, primarily with the much more youthful and then-angelic vocals of his own and the Beach Boys.  He figured it was time, and I personally cannot thank him enough for it.  \\"The Smile Sessions\\" are sonically quite similar to the re-make, but the voices make it nearly other-worldly.  2004's version is sunny and bright all the way through, while the 1967 original has a mysterious feel to it - a curious vibe between melancholy and optimism that probably was fairly close to Wilson's increasing loss of personal control.  One can imagine the delight as new tunes fell into place, and then insecurity, coupled with the pressure of \\"Sgt. Pepper\\" and the Beach Boys' own inability to understand the album's lyrics, which were nonsensical to begin with, not really meant to \\"mean\\" anything at all.<br />  There is a haunting beauty not present in the re-make that must not be ignored.  Although I was only six at the time, I like to imagine the impact \\"Smile\\" would have had if Wilson had released it when originally intended.  It would have probably been incalculable.  After the original album itself, we get the historical odds and ends, lots of remakes and remixes, and a little humor that the Beach Boys were famous for.  One chuckle in particular involves a skit where Brian has apparently shrunk and is trapped in his own piano.  And, unlisted at the end of the first disc, is a commercial promoting the release of the greatest album never made, at least not until 2011.  \\"Surf's Up\\" alone is one of the greatest piano rock tunes ever written, and fans worldwide must do all they can to make this release a megahit for a man who deserves no less.the release of the greatest album never made, at least not until 2011.  \\"Surf's Up\\" alone is one of the greatest piano rock tunes ever written, and fans worldwide must do all they can to make this release a megahit for a man who deserves no less.
B005GVA2L0|4.0|For the record, I'm not much into heavy metal, goth, or even alternative.  Evanescence is hard to resist, though.  They can get so much right when crafting their songs.  And with this album, they have not disappointed.  The only reason I'm not rating it five stars is because 'The Open Door' was such a masterpiece - about as close to perfect as an album can be - EVERY song on the album just amazing.  And that's just something that can rarely be said about any album.  This new album comes close, but with 16 song (on the deluxe version), it's going to be pretty difficult to keep that kind of streak going.  There are many great songs on this album, and just a few that are still good, but not great.  So on such a long album, the songs can start to mush together a little bit.  Can't really complain, though - I haven't enjoyed an album this much in quite a while.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|There is not one song on this album that does not give me goosebumps.   Reading the lyrics while listening to the songs is hauntingly beautiful.   I love this album just as much as I love Lungs.
B005LAIGFA|3.0|DiCaprio was very good and, frankly, saved the film.  He should definitely get an Oscar nomination.    However, the screenplay was slow and the typical political undercurrent of \\"stick to your ribs\\" liberal revisionism was deftly served up for the ideological lemmings who were anxiously expecting it on the menu: the USA would have been a better country (and Hoover a much happier man) had Hoover just released his fully repressed homosexuality and indulged with Kennedy- and King-like zeal in the forbidden nectar of liberal politics and sexual indulgence (one in the same for Hollywood).  I was surprised that a film by Eastwood would have had this thread running throughout it, but he probably had to bow to the executive producers' political bent in order to get the cash to make the film, not too mention that American exceptionaism does not sell in Red China or in Europe.  When is Hollywood going to take some risks for a change and provide movie goers with something interesting when it comes to political themes?    Nevertheless, DiCaprio's excellent performance in this film is worth enduring the film's other drawbacks, so I give this film a very reluctant three stars.    In the meantime, I would suggest watching \\"Charile Wilson's War\\" or \\"Blood Diamond\\" if you have not seen those films.  Interesting stories, both.
0307593312|5.0|As a big fan of Murakami's work I had been looking forward for the english translation. It took me a couple of weeks to finish the novel. Yes it's pretty long, but it's also the kind of story we just can't stop reading.  Like his previous works, this one points out questions and discoveries, opening paths to sounds, images, movies, and other books.  Between readings I listened to Telemann, Dowland, W.C. Handy blues and Ella Fitzgerald singing \\"It's only a paper moon\\", search my small library looking for Tchekhov, and place the old \\"On the Beach\\" in my DVD to catch a glimpse of the end of the world.  This is, in my opinion, what defines a great book, the one that, in a way, gets bigger than it's pages, making you in the end, maybe not a different person, but definitely a much richer one.   In \\"1Q84\\" love, I mean true love, is somehow the most important thing, its warmth bringing almost a kind of redemption, and the possibily of keeping moving on to \\"other worlds\\".  Maybe we are living right now without acknowledge in a world with two moons in the sky, hoping for \\"the kingdom to come\\".  And then again, maybe I'm just still overwhelmed by the book.  DON'T MISS IT!
B005GP7F8Y|2.0|I agree with all the reviews and want to add that the audio is also distorted. I bought OEJ on laser disc which was a Paramount production. Even though LD video is analogue 480i it has better audio and video than the other DVD productions I have seen. The main advantage this Blu-ray disc has over the LD is the video formatting to accommodate wide screen TVs.   Considering the price, perhaps this release will serve as a stop-gap measure until some outfit with more money and tech. capabilities releases a properly restored version of this last VistaVision film. This film begs for extra features considering all the difficulties incurred with the production.  The titles and other info. scripts on this release are in French and there are no sub-titles on the disc. The audio track includes a German dubbed version. On the menu I had a problem with switching between the English original and German dubbing. I had to use the audio button on my remote to do the switching. I use an Oppo BDP 93 and doubt if it is the fault of the player.
B003TJR2HS|4.0|I am more than happy to say that this device saved me getting rid of my 6th generation Nano and all of the peripherals that I have for iPods. Since buying it, I have had to deal with always having a dead Nano battery because my Alpine deck in my car would never shut the Nano off after I would turning my car off (and wouldn't charge it when it was on). I previously owned a 3rd generation Nano, which charged and was paused when shutting my car off, but unfortunately someone took it. I expected the newest of iCraps to be backwards compatible but they surely aren't due to changes in design. Nice. I would expect a solution straight from Apple other than having to buy all new peripherals but nope.<br /><br />Finally, I found this nifty device. I give it 4/5 stars. 5 Stars for function but I take 1 star away for cost and size. Yes it looks like it will work with a variety of cases but my nano isn't a nano with it, but it works. Oh and my Nano has a plastic case and this thing fits like a glove without having to take it off. On the cost front, adapters shouldn't cost quite this much ($20+) but I will say it's cheaper than new peripherals. There is a mini-USB port on the side which surprised me. Unfortunately, I can't think of why I would use the mini-USB port it but hey, it's cool, and I am sure someone might be able to use it.<br /><br />I recommend buying this device if you have a lot of older peripherals and a new iCrap device.
B005CW5E3E|3.0|I must agree with another review on this disk, where's the signature JW sound? It's a pleasant enough disc and at his stage in life perhaps something more \\"laid back\\" than we are used to was in order. Still, if I didn't know this was a JW disc, I'd have to listen real hard to tell. I admit, I miss the fleet fingered, gritty guitar work of days past. The songs tend to be re-treads too. Again, nice songs but little new here. It's a pleasant listen but it doesn't get my mojo going like his past work. Still, it's a good thing that Johnny is still playing music.
B001EOOQF6|5.0|The magic mix of Dio and Sabbath are some of the best music acts of all time. The Dio lyrics fit perfectly with the Sabbath style, and Mob Rules is one of the best Metal albuns of this world. Mob Rules, like Heaven and Hell are among the best rock music you can hear in your life.
B000W74EQC|5.0|I bought this used which is what I buy all the time and never have any trouble. Good quality. I would buy again.
B001EOOQEC|5.0|HEAVEN and Hell, Mob Rules and Dehumanizer are three Metal Gems!!!! The mix of Dio with Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler are magic, as good as the mix with Ozzy! Dehumanizer are a Sabbath Gem, maybe the last one, with classics like AFTER ALL, TV CRIMES, TIME MACHINE andBURIED ALIVE....In fact, all the songs from Dehumanizer are MAGIC METAL!!!! THE LAST DIOSABBATH ALBUM!!!!
B001GCUO16|5.0|This is a good movie.  If you like X-Men, this is a must see.  Can't wait till Wolverine 2 comes out.
B00000IMTF|5.0|Rising is one of the greatest metal acts of all time! The mix of Dio with Blackmore is pure magic! All the 6 songs on Rising are great and really shine!
B0058PJ6NE|5.0|I would pay $2 for this app, not to avoid the ads, but to support the authors for being so supportive of this and their Free version.
B000002L61|5.0|Last in Line is on the absolutely high level of Holy Diver! Holy Diver and Last in line are Metal Gems, filled with classics. I really like all the songs, but We Rock, Evil eyes, The last in line and Egypt shine in this Masterpiece.
0670022705|5.0|I'm afraid I must respectfully disagree with other customers in the review section.  For the price, this is a FIVE-STAR book.  It is illustrated beautifully with full color photographs.  I have the hard-copy and not the Kindle version (though I do own a Kindle).  My guess is that the pages would present stunningly on the Kindle for iPad or Kindle for Mac.  I also have a Kindle E-ink reader.  I doubt it would show well on that last device.  I noticed one of the reviewers criticized the photo quality.  I must disagree.  I find it to be top notch.  It is presented in a matte format rather than glossy print.. so my guess is the reviewer would have preferred the glossy versions.  I, on the other hand, love the matte finishes on all the photographs which are nicely crisp and detailed.<br /><br />EXCELLENT book for the price.  A perfect gift for a history buff.  I love it and I bought it here on Amazon.
B001EOOQEM|5.0|Heaven and Hell is one of the greatest heavy metal albuns of all time!!! Dio really shines on Sabbath, creating a real masterpiece with absolutely metal classics like NEON KNIGHTS, HEAVEN AND HELL, CHILDREN OF THE SEA and DIE YOUNG. Heaven and Hell is a brilliant piece of music from a time when Black Sabbath made pure art.
B004J4WKUQ|5.0|Yes, the plot is predictable and quite silly in spots.  Yes, the protagonist is a somewhat annoying know-it-all teenage super-geek, and the bad guy is a cliched evil mega-corporation executive...and by the time you're finished with this novel you won't care in the least about any of this.  This is easily the most fun read I've had in years.  Wade \\"Parzival\\" Watts escapes his rather desperate life in a dystopian future world to take on the ultimate challenge within the ultimate video game.  The good guys slug it out with the bad guys in a virtual universe for the sake of what is good and right - and a few hundred billion dollars.  You already know how it ends, but that's okay because the story is executed so brilliantly that you simply won't be able to put it down.<br /><br />This is Cline's first novel.  Hopefully there will be a second.  And a third.  And a fourth.
B004QK5N5W|5.0|It was as I expected and working properly, reached on time packed good and safe<br />the output is amazing and perfect
0071762345|5.0|Best book on Social Media I have ever read. Dave writes in a fun voice, provides great stories, case studies and stats to back everything up. Most importantly, he provides easy to understand, accessible tips and advice on how to genuinely improve your social media interactions with others and overall online presence. A great read! Thumbs up!
B0052UZIFA|4.0|When can we get some updates? Great game, but I wish we could catch up with the IOS folks.  Some extra words to fulfil the requirement.
B005GP7F8Y|1.0|Absolutely the WORST display of 1080p/DTS-HD Master Audio I've ever experienced!  Truly a wonderful movie that was haphazardly transferred to HD, & from Germany no less!!!  Such a crime...I hope this one will have a better restoration in the future...for all those who appreciate this fine motion picture!
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|I have been collecting music since I was 10 years old (I'm now 53) and I've bought a few duds over the years. I was a Lou Reed fan in the '70's and I still consider Metallica one of the finest rock bands ever, but this LuLu crap would be the worst album I have ever heard. The big question is why didn't they just pull the plug on it when they realised that this collaboration was not working. It must have been obvious to all involved. This may well be the first album I actually will just throw away!
B003ZJ0ZX0|5.0|Es el primer disco de Bruno Mars que adquiero, y lo adoro.  Es un disco variado y divertido, va desde el drama como la cancion Granade hasta Lazy Song, una cancion que expresa de forma divertida nuestros deseos de un dia en semana.  Altamente recomendado
B005ANZN3Q|5.0|Some strongly criticize Lang Lang for showmanship.  Such criticism should be reconsidered.  In the show I saw broadcast live he was called a \\"classical rock star\\".  That is true.  This is a classical rock concert.  There were no blue hairs in the audience in London.  That in itself, is remarkable;  it was the first classical concert I have ever attended where the average age was under 60.  The piano some times floated in fog, there were streams of images on light panels across the stage.  In the showing I attended, after several pieces, the audience in the theatre stood up and clapped to the screen.  It seemed totally appropriate.  The performance was superb.  The commentator is a bit underwhelming (one view is enough);  on the DVD just fast forward through it.  Each generation needs to define its own method to appreciate classical music and to approach it through the technology of its time.  I lived with scratches on LPs for years and learned to marvel at icy clean technical renditions by Horowitz.  Times and tastes change.  I'm quite sure what Liszt's audience in those salons of 19th century Paris heard was not cool precision.  Liszt, by all accounts from the time, was all ablaze in his performances.  He, Georges Sand, and others scandalized Paris;  Parisians loved it. He gave them, in this repressive, highly stratified society, new ways to see themselves, new ways to think about liberty.  Lang Lang, for this new generation of classical listeners, shares that fire.  My 17 year old son, a fine pianist, was hypnotized by the spectacle.  He came home and started playing for 40 minutes.  It was 11:30 pm when he started.  In twenty years, almost all of the current blue haired classical music lovers will be in the grave or in rest homes, myself included.  It is time to listen in a new way.  Get with the program.  Stated last, but not as an afterthought I must comment on the tenor of the whole performance.  This young man understands deeply what freedom means.  He breaksboundaries technically and with interpretation.  Isn't that exactly what Liszt was trying to do before his audiences in the mid 19th century?  \\"Liszt now\\" for me, means exactly that;  we're listening _now_.  It is such a delight to hear with new ears.  This is a great performance.  I am delighted it is on DVD.
B005K0HDGE|1.0|My rating and review focus on the Kindle version of the book, not the novel itself. The Kindle-version costs almost $ 20.00. That is a rip-off. The most I ever paid for a Kindle e-book. I understand that it is so expensive because it contains audio and video. But I did not ask for that, I am a Constant Reader who just wants the story, without any frills or extras. Amazon, please explain to me why it is cheaper for me to order a hardcover version of this book and have it sent to me all the way across the Atlantic to the Netherlands than ordering the Kindle version which is electronically transported in a few seconds. You can't (and probably won't)! I was seriously tempted to buy the hardcover version, but my bookcase is already crammed with Stephen King novels and I simply lack the space for another hefty tome. Nor do I wish to lift it when I can read it much more comfortably on my Kindle. This is no way for SK to treat his Constant Readers. Nor for Amazon. Bah ! If this is the future for Kindle books it may be short-lived.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|I had very high expectations for Florence +the Machine's new album \\"Ceremonials\\" considering how excellent \\"Lungs\\" is and the release of the first two singles \\"Shake It Out\\" and \\"What the Water Gave Me\\";it has completely lived up to them.  I couldn't wait for \\"Ceremonials\\" to be released. The first listen to the album I felt a little apprehensive about it and only a few songs stood out to me. I expected something more like \\"Lungs\\" so it kind of threw me off but after a few listens I couldn't get enough of each and every song. Everyday I had a new favorite song that I listened to repeatedly. Florence has a knack for writing songs that make me want to play loudly, sing at the top of my lungs, and dance around without inhibitions.   \\"Only If For a Night\\" starts the album off strongly while followed by the excellent song \\"Shake It Out.\\" Florence's voice soars on this song and the drums are amazing. Definitely one of my favorites. \\"What the Water Gave Me\\" starts off very mellow and then the strings bring the song to life and Florence's voice explodes. I love \\"Lover to Lover,\\" she wails the lyrics and it is so great. \\"No Light, No Light\\" \\"Spectrum\\" and \\"Bedroom Hymns\\" are my other favorites from this album.   There are definitely too many great songs to just pick a few. I recommend the whole album, beginning to end. When \\"Ceremonials\\" ends I want to listen to it again immediately.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|I love Harry Potter. And when I say that, I mean I LOVE IT. But I am going to be returning my multi-disc copy because I'm not getting the value I thought I would be. Deathly Hallows Part 1 came with a digital copy that is now happily settled into my iTunes account. THIS digital copy is only available through ultraviolet, which, if you've been looking at the other reviews, is crap.  I pre-ordered my copy and waited a good long time for it to be released. Like other items I pre-ordered from Amazon, I expected it to arrive the day it was released (I've gotten all the Harry Potter books that way). For this DVD, it only just shipped on its release date, meaning my pre-order was basically worthless, as I won't be getting the actual product until three days AFTER the release. And even then, it will be an inferior product.  Unfortunately, my copy has already shipped, or I would cancel my order. As it stands, I'll just have to return it and look for other options that include a REAL digital copy, and not some cheap imitation.  Don't support ultraviolet!
1451648537|3.0|Below review is strictly about the book, not Steve.   Leaving all influences aside, I look forward to read Jobs' official biography. Few years ago and I read iCon and I was left with mixed feelings about the legend of modern technology.   Upon reading this book I got the same feeling, enhanced by perception of unhappiness, never-ending thunderstorm of ideas, and serious deficiency of satisfaction by the genius mind of Steve Jobs. I admired Steve, but definitely wouldn't want to be Steve.   The book is long, and feels long. It's packed with information, so if you expect a page turner look someplace else. While reading one will surely feel the amount of research and interviews that went into creation of the work. The writing is elaborate, well-structured but at the same time it's approachable. There is a good balance of information about Steve's personal and professional lives which seem like the two different pieces out of which the first one was always lower on his scale of importance.  I believe that Isaacson was a right person to do the work, especially since he was handpicked by Jobs. However I don't like that he was so eager to cash in on Job's passing by speeding up the release of the book, and pushy marketing campaign (such as 1hr special in 60 minutes on CBS, which owns publishing house Simon & Schuster, Inc.). Finally, I am convinced that that $16.99 Kindle price was way too expensive even for 656 pages of solid reading. Since, digital distribution poses $0 cost to Simon & Schuster for every copy sold, this is an example of attempting to maximize the bottom line on the income statement.
B004YM6JLO|5.0|This show is just so amazing. I been a fan since season one and I could say it just keeps getting better and better. The plots pull off more action and blood, but also a more deep look on the characters feelings. Also, the introduction of new characters (and comebacks of old ones) are part of the reason has been so good since the beginning.<br />Every episode is a great episode, because sometimes in a show they are some few episodes you want to forget (maybe because they're too boring, and useless for the main plot), but that's not the case with this show. Every episode is important.<br />I know that only half of the season aired (writing this as of November 10th, the original airing of the \\"mid-season\\" finale), but I could say is so far so good. I can't wait to see the another half (hopefully something more extreme). Anyway, I hope this show lasts at least five seasons, because it has a lot of strings to pull off, and that fans could enjoy easily... It's worth the pre-order.
B005IZLPMY|5.0|This is overall a great movie.  Acting is sometimes arkward (especially when Chris Evans is in that stupid-looking Cap Costume selling War Bonds), but overall good.  There's TONS of action.  The featurettes are especialy interesting. My only complaint concerns one of the featurettes: The Assembly Begins. My first thought was \\"making of featurette.\\"  Turns out, its another tease for the upcomong movie The Avengers.  Other than that, its a pretty good deal on a great movie.  I highly recommend this movie for anyone who loves these 3 things: 1) superhero movies, 2) lots of action, and 3) a good movie in general.
B0045XKJBI|4.0|In trying to catch up to all the hype and anticipation of the newest Twilight saga (Breaking Dawn, Part 1), I've decided to see the first 3 movies in quick succession to prepare for the 4th.  Doing this has its advantages... it's easier to determine the best one of the group due to less in between time -- you're not waiting to see each movie as it comes out (lol).  So far, Eclipse is the better of the 3.  I gave Twilight 4 stars and feel that the rating stands due to it's uniqueness and the impact of the movie.  New Moon?  3 stars at best.<br /><br />Eclipse has slightly better dialog and better acting than Twilight and New Moon.  It's also a lot more involved.  There's a pretty intense and complex love triangle going on between the 3 main characters, a few of the Cullen clan have their origins/stories told and therefore are not quite as one dimensional, Jacob's character has taken on some intriguing personality traits and there was an intense buildup to the final battle in the movie that I found interesting (though the battle itself was kind of flat).  Overall, I liked it and am eager to see how the final chapters/movies evolve.  Not the best love story I've seen by a long shot, but for what it is (a teenage love drama), it's pretty good!
B005D67OJG|4.0|We all know that Season 4 was the best season of Dexter to date but Season 5 was not a let down by any means. I have heard lots of people fussing on how Season 5 was not very good but you can't compare it to the last season. You have to take it for what it was. The writers ended the season with so many lose ends that it took most of season 5 to tie them up. But it still had the action and suspense that the other season of Dexter are known for.  That is why season 5 was a solid season. Julia Styles played a solid role not emmy worthy but a very interesting part that never got stale. I look forward to starting season 6 as soon as it is available on Amazon.
006113127X|5.0|I don't know why I haven't known much about Bukowski before. He was just a name heard in passing. I'm glad I know about him now. His writing themes are not recommended for the chronically depressed, although anyone may see their life in a better light after walking in Chinaski's shoes for 200 pages.<br /><br />The book is a narrative about a drifter alcoholic who barely gets by from day to day, and doesn't ever seem to truly lament his state of affairs. Lose your job? OK, cash you last paycheck, get drunk and have sex. Find another job? No problem - there is always a place for someone willing to take just about any menial position. He's not interested in doing a good job, and cuts corners fairly often, which often leads to the end of his latest, brief employment.<br /><br />Bukowski paints a sordid tapestry on WWII life for the lower end of American society through his alter-ego, Chinaski, and through the myriad characters in the story. Welcome to the fine line between getting by and skid row.<br /><br />It's clear Bukowski has major writing chops. Easily digestible, the pages pass quickly. Hard to put down. Left me feeling a bit melancholy when the pages ran out. I wanted the story to continue. Very satisfying overall.<br /><br />There are a couple downsides to Bukowski's writing style, and I'll see if they carry through in his other novels. First, you never really seem to get to know any of the characters aside from Chinaski himself. Not his long-time on-and-off girlfriend. Not his bosses. Not his co-workers. It's as if Chinaski (and Bukowski) go through life not really caring about anything. Never too high and never too low. It's all about the next drink. Everything else in life is just filler. Aside from touching upon his aspirations and dedication of becoming a professional writer, he has no ambition to do anything.<br /><br />Second, unlike most novels with a beginning, middle, and end, this novel simply drifts through a portion of Chinaski's life. It's like starting to watch a movie 20 minutes after it began, and leaving it with 20 minutes left. The novel ends abruptly, though it somewhat drives home a concluding thought on Chinaski's condition.<br /><br />I'll be targeting \\"Post Office\\" and \\"Ham on Rye\\" next. Looking forward to going deeper into the mind of one of the most underestimated American writers of the 20th century., and leaving it with 20 minutes left. The novel ends abruptly, though it somewhat drives home a concluding thought on Chinaski's condition.  I'll be targeting \\"Post Office\\" and \\"Ham on Rye\\" next. Looking forward to going deeper into the mind of one of the most underestimated American writers of the 20th century.
0684830485|5.0|Robert Jordan, an American, joins a guerrilla force fighting against the Facist government in Spain. It is 1937 at the peak of the Spanish Civil War and Jordan has been sent to blow up a bridge.<br /><br />Jordan is a dynamiter who knows weapons and military strategies. Among the gurerillas is a young woman, Maria, who becomes attracted to him.<br /><br />A man named Pablo appears to be in charge. However, it is his wife, Pilar, who is the real force behind the group. Pilar, is Spanish for pillar and is a symbol of the steadfastness of the group. During the early action of the story, it seems that Pilar's resolve for fighting has changed and he often resorts to drinking.<br /><br />Amidst the talk of killing we follow the activities of Robert and Marie. This mixture of love and war is a significant juxtaposition used by the author. With the tender moments of these two characters, it is as if this might be what the guerrilas are fighting for. The government's totalarianism attitude cannot tell them what to do and that gypsies like Rafael, foreigners like Robert, women like Pilar and Marie can all work and live together as equals.<br /><br />Hemingway has a master's givt for dialogue. We don't just read the words but are transported to the Spanish mountainside and are listening to the scenes such as Pilar and Pablo discussing a matador that Pable had seen and admired. It is so real that we can almost hear the crowd chant ole'.<br /><br />Hemindway was a reporter in Spain during the Civil War and his characters are honest in their actions loyal to one another and  Spain and are described in great detail.<br /><br />The story mixes historical fact and speculative fiction in a most entertaining manner. Readers will enjoy the novel and feel as though they have read a work of extroadinary literary significance.
0307463745|5.0|I've been a fan of 37signals since they began as a tiny shop in Chicago. They've become very successful, without chasing the need to grow to hundreds of employees, move the The Valley, cash out and retire young. What's wrong with these guys? Just kidding. Much respect.<br /><br />It's easy to see why some people hate this book. It's like going out to a radical new smorgasbord. Lots of \\"crazy\\" things are set out for you. You don't have to try everything, and some items may not be right for you. The authors are simply sharing what's worked for them. Many parts of their philosophy may work for others who have a similar temperament and willingness to experiment. A lot of things must go right to build a successful business. This is not a panacea for entrepreneurs. It's one part \\"This works for us\\" and one part \\"Don't be a lemming for traditional business ideas.\\"<br /><br />Anyone who thinks the book is saying this is exactly how to operate a business doesn't really get it. Do not use this book as a bible for your business. Think of it as a cookbook. Find out which recipes fit your mindset, personality, and risk tolerance, then try a few of them. Businesses likely wouldn't survive the seismic shifts if owners tried to implement most of the ideas in the book.<br /><br />Pick and choose the suggestions that fit your business. Some may work very well now, and others later. Some may be completely wrong for your business. Take the ideas in the book and make some of them yours. Own them. Don't blame the authors and say, \\"I tried concept x and it blew up on me.\\" You own the outcome for everything you try, as did the authors for their business.<br /><br />Software developers (and most businesses that produce a product) would do well to simply lock onto the notion that feature creep is a killer. Don't do things just because it's always been done that way.<br /><br />The bottom line of the book is have an open mind and consider contrarian ways to get from point a to point b. Be willing to accept that maybe point b is not what you should be focusing on at all.should be focusing on at all.
0446585025|5.0|This is THE awesomest book ever I could not put it down! Ellen has such class writing these books! The chapters are so funny and even though i didn't you can pick it up and put it down at anytime you want I <3 it!!!!
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|Really , REALLY you're going to push some crappy new digital copy SERVICE on me. No thanks, I will never buy a movie that has \\"ultraviolet digital copy\\" again. Boooooo
1451627289|5.0|Cell and Cujo were page-turners that keep you guessing, creating a sense of danger and uncertainty that few authors can achieve.  This book has that.  Salem's Lot and the whole Castle Rock cycle and It have extremely detailed, vivid settings that draw you in like you fell through the page.  This book has that.  The Stand and It have the Big Face-Off between good and evil, which set them apart from books of equal quality but lesser themes.  This book has that.  The Gunslinger series has the effect of causing you to question the sturdiness of reality, so thoroughly that you start to question your own.  This book has that.  And Hearts in Atlantis is about more than its subjects.  It's about America, what we've sold and how cheaply, and how much we would give to have it back.  This book has that in spades.  I'm really happy to have Stephen King back in this kind of form, and I hope he lives another thirty prolific years.  Thank you, Mr. King.
B001GM28HO|5.0|For a debut album, this is just astounding. For a debut artist to produce a first album like this and this good is not something seen except rarely. Every song is just so catchy and you will find yourself moving, dancing and singing along to every track.  It's only a shame that more singles weren't released off this album, for it had way more than just 4 hits. I Like It Rough, Starstruck and Boys Boys Boys could easily have become huge hits themselves.
B003ZSJ212|1.0|I preordered this item back when it was first announced. Got it in a week after release thanks to shippign mistake and put in my computer Blu ray drive as thats what I run my home theater from.<br />Lwo and behold, Fox studios changed the encryption on its newer blurays, including X-Men First Class and Star Wars, and so software Blu Ray players wont play them at all. Contacted software manufacturer who said they are working on a fix, but its been 2 months and still no word on a possible fix.<br />Contacted Fox DVD, they said its not their problem as it plays on standalone blu ray players.<br />So spent $90, waited over 6 months or so now, and still cant watch any of the saga.
B004K4AUZW|5.0|This album was well worth every penny and the hype. GaGa has put everything into this album, and it has shown what real talent she has. She wrote and co-produced EVERY song on it and has out-done herself yet again. Now the only question is how she is going to out-do this album. She will though. She never ceases to amaze and surprise us, and I cannot wait to see what she does for music in the future.  GaGa has actually put an effort into making Pop music, something not seen in today's pop music age, and she does a damn good job at it. Thank you GaGa, for this epic masterpiece that will become a classic for centuries to come. If you haven't bought or heard this album yet, it is absolute essential! I promise you will not be disappointed.  The highlights of the album are Hair, Americano, The Queen, Electric Chapel and The Edge of Glory, though every single song is a highlight and a masterpiece in and of itself.  Now for The Born This Way Ball!
B003L77G8I|5.0|So Love Bones series. Could wait unti lthe season came out, so I could watch them all over again. Highly recommend if you own the other seasons.
B004SS0884|1.0|I just don't know how this artists continues to sell records. Honestly, who can like such an artists who does NOTHING herself? She writes .0000001% of her songs and has never produced or even co-produced a single one of her songs. Not to mention she LIP-SYNCS ALL HER PERFORMANCES! And if it isn't directly from the album, then it was pre-recorded.  Does anyone care about creativity and talent anymore with an artist?? Cause britney has zero talent. It astounds me that she is even allowed to continue to record music. Let a real artist who actually has talent take your job Britney, cause you're no queen of pop. You're the queen of pretending to sing and the queen of terrible dancing skills.
B00002DEH3|5.0|I bought this set when it when it was first reissued on CD because I wanted to acquaint myself with the earlier Schubert quartets, and this was an inexpensive way to obtain recordings of this neglected repertoire.  All chamber music lovers know Schubert's great \\"final three\\"  (nos. 13-15)  and the fragment known as the *Quartettsatz* in c-minor (usually called \\"no. 12\\").  More adventurous listeners might also know the earlier g-minor and E-flat major works, as they sometimes turn up in concert programs and there have been several recordings over the years apart from complete cycles.  But few of us are familiar with the other early works, most of them apprentice pieces, through the composition of which Schubert was learning his craft--and doing so with a precociousness that rivals the young Mozart and the young Mendelssohn.<br /><br />The Melos Quartet made these recordings in the early 1970's when they were at their peak (they also did fine traversals of the Beethoven, Cherubini, Schumann, Brahms and Mozart \\"Haydn\\" Quartets).  They were (are still?) an illustrious ensemble with a distinctively sweet collective tone characterized by \\"tight\\" vibrato.  They favored clear textures (the inner parts are almost always audible), straightforward--even at times rather plain--phrasing, scrupulous adherence to the musical text, and a wide dynamic range that often resulted in sharp, even abrupt, dynamic contrasts. Their choice of tempo is usually sensible--neither too fast nor too slow. They don't always dig very deep beneath the surface of the music, but those surfaces emerge as carefully articulated and thoroughly polished.  With the Melos Quartet we encounter seemingly effortless artistry that never calls attention to itself.<br /><br />These qualities are particularly well suited to the \\"artless\\" lyricism of Schubert's early quartets.  In the apprentice works, the Melos don't fall into the trap of inflating what are frequently rather fragile structures, or trying to plumb depths that the young composer had not yet fathomed.  Early Scubert presents the listener with youthful zeal and uncomplicated lyricism, and what at times can only be called a gauche graciousness.<br /><br />As Schubert matured--and he did so with astonishing rapidity during his adolescent years--he succeeded in writing more idiomatically for the quartet medium, expanding and clarifying his understanding of musical form, and cultivating that instantly recognizable pathos which trades on harmonic ambiguities and sudden shifts of mood.  The Melos convey these trends particularly well in the attractive transitional works in E major, E-Flat major and g-minor.<br /><br />In the Quartettesatz and the final trilogy, other ensembles have savored the pathos more poignantly and conveyed the scope of Schubert's vastly expanded appropriation of form more cogently,  but the Melos' tight ensemble, incisive attack, and clarity of texture nevertheless succeed in bringing these works vividly to life. On the other hand,  one might wish for a more leisurely, gracious approach to these great works, such as certain Viennese ensembles cultivated during the middle decades of the 20th Century.  I am engaged by the Melos's traversal of the late Quartets, but rarely charmed (where Schubert intends to charm), terrified (where Schubert intends to terrify), or profoundly moved  (as Schubert can do when he is bringing the listener face-to-face with the human condition).<br /><br />So the Melos Schubert cycle has undoubted merit, even if one would not turn first to this ensemble in Schubert's fully mature quartets.  Another limitation is the remastered sound--at least to my ears.  The original LP's offered clean, nicely focused sound that was slightly \\"top-heavy\\" or treble-intensive as recordings on this label tended to be at the time.  The remastering has done nothing to redress this perceptible imbalance, but rather has exacerbated it by thinning out the violin tone and further emaciating the cello tone. As a result, there are occasional bouts of uncomfortably harsh sound in fortissimo passages.  This sonic limitation is not so severe as to preclude a general recommendation, however.  So let us call this four and one-half stars: a first-rate bargain featuring solid musicianship and clear-headed if at times overly studious renderings of Schubert's important contribution to the Quartet medium.lo tone. As a result, there are occasional bouts of uncomfortably harsh sound in fortissimo passages.  This sonic limitation is not so severe as to preclude a general recommendation, however.  So let us call this four and one-half stars: a first-rate bargain featuring solid musicianship and clear-headed if at times overly studious renderings of Schubert's important contribution to the Quartet medium.
1401233376|4.0|The main book was great fun, the tie-ins (while some were unnecessary - ahem, Secret Seven?) were good too, though like Blackest Night, the Flashpoint event is one that must be read in a particular order. When all the additional trades for the tie-ins are released, people may have a tough time following along if they're looking for story continuity without the aid of a any nerdist's website containing the complete reading order.  I thought this was a pretty good book for Barry, it kind of capped off the insanity of alternate worlds that began with Crisis on Infinite Earths, which featured his sacrifice to stop the Anti-Monitor from eating up all creation. Since that event, Barry was missing for far too long and, let's face it, a lot people missed him even though we'd become so used to Wally West in the costume. But for me, Barry was always the Flash, not Wally. Or even Jay Garrick for that matter.   And for the record: If I died during Crisis On Infinite Earths and came back nearly 30 years later to find a different world where you've been usurped by the former Kid Flash and Zoom killed my mommy, I'd have a mental breakdown too. Just sayin'.
