B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye's cd has to be the best rap cd to come out this year so far. This cd is honest and straight forward in everything you hear form begining to end. I wont go into the singles since almsot every song has something to catch yoru attention here. You have the club jams(Slow jamz), concious(jesus walks), mid-tempo(All falls down) and many more. Lyricall, I rank him with the best of the other producers that can handle the best of both worlds. (Jd, Dr. Dre, Neptunes, Wyclef, etc..) The skits alone will keep you entertained and also open your mind up to a few things as well. I havent took this cd out of the cd changer since its release and if you like good music put to rhymes im sure you will not either. If your looking for a cd with tight rhymes and beats.....then this is for you. Fans and non-fans should apply......get it!
B00005JMCN|5.0|Once and a while a film comes along that has it all - great story, fine acting, and the kind of directing that knows exactly how to stir my heartstrings without being maudlin. I'm also impressed that this is a true story, based on the best selling book by Laura Hillenbrand. <br />The setting is depression-era America and the film includes all those little details that make that dark period of time come alive. The people needed a hero. And it came to them in the form of a racehorse with all the odds against him. Seabiscuit was too small and not well trained when Charles Howard, a self-made rich man recovering from a personal tragedy, took him on. Jeff Bridges is cast in this role and keeps his performance controlled and understated. Chris Cooper is outstanding in the role of Tom Smith, the trainer who takes care of horses that others would have discarded. &quot;You don't throw away a whole life just 'cause he's banged up a little,&quot; is one of his key lines. And it resonates throughout the entire film. Tobey Maguire is wonderful as the jockey, Red Polard. He also fights all odds to get in the game and stay there. Each one of these men is damaged in his own way, just like Seabiscuit. But together they create a champion.<br />I loved the film and I also loved the extras on the DVD. I enjoyed seeing the writer and director describe their many challenges. I was fascinated as to how they created the close-ups during the exciting races. And I was particularly interested in the old newsreel footage. <br />Don't miss this DVD. There's something in it for everyone. It's an inspiration for all and the feel-good feeling lasts a long time. Seabiscuit gets one of my highest recommendations. Don't miss it!<BR>Once and a while a film comes along that has it all - great story, fine acting, and the kind of directing that knows exactly how to stir my heartstrings without being maudlin. I'm also impressed that this is a true story, based on the best selling book by Laura Hillenbrand. <br />The setting is depression-era America and the film includes all those little details that make that dark period of time come alive. The people needed a hero. And it came to them in the form of a racehorse with all the odds against him. Seabiscuit was too small and not well trained when Charles Howard, a self-made rich man recovering from a personal tragedy, took him on. Jeff Bridges is cast in this role and keeps his performance controlled and understated. Chris Cooper is outstanding in the role of Tom Smith, the trainer who takes care of horses that others would have discarded. &quot;You don't throw away a whole life just 'cause he's banged up a little,&quot; is one of his key lines. And it resonates throughout the entire film. Tobey Maguire is wonderful as the jockey, Red Polard. He also fights all odds to get in the game and stay there. Each one of these men is damaged in his own way, just like Seabiscuit. But together they create a champion.<br />I loved the film and I also loved the extras on the DVD. I enjoyed seeing the writer and director describe their many challenges. I was fascinated as to how they created the close-ups during the exciting races. And I was particularly interested in the old newsreel footage. <br />Don't miss this DVD. There's something in it for everyone. It's an inspiration for all and the feel-good feeling lasts a long time. Seabiscuit gets one of my highest recommendations. Don't miss it!
B000002JQ6|5.0|A very ferocious &quot;live&quot; album. With lots of energy in all of the songs.....
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiatorial combat is immortalized in this film, the only way it can be: through stunning action sequences and beautiful imagery. It also immortalizes, above all, director Ridley Scott.<br />Roger Ebert complains of people with short memory spans praising this film while forgetting that films like Spartacus have supposedly done this before. Well, I have a good memory, and I remember Spartacus. In fact, I kept on remembering that film while watching Gladiator, only in the context of, &quot;This is so much better than Spartacus. It goes beyond.&quot; The action is better, the visuals are better, the story is better, and the acting is better. Sorry, Kirk.<br />Since this is an action film, the story isn't the most important element, but for an action film it is actually quite good. For one thing, I liked the disturbing under-the-surface incest element going on between Commodus and Connie Nielson. Furthermore, it was interesting to see how Crowe gained support among the gladiators until it became as if he were a general leading his army again. The plot itself needed to be there in order to fully create a sense of grandeur. With its insurrection story, the rise of the hero and his trek to the capitol of Rome, and the look at the people in power, the plot creates a sense of time-and-place necessary for an epic that couldn't exist with the visuals and action alone. <br />The acting is among the best one can ever seen for an action film, and there is plenty of fine dramatic work pulled off by the two main actors. Russell Crowe is now one of the best &quot;new&quot; (four or five films so far) actors in film. We believe, in his glances and the ways he delivers his many great lines, that he is Maximus. He is poignant, hate-filled, and sorrowful all at once. The praise he is getting is deserved. But why isn't Phoenix being lauded just as much? He carries the film in the second-largest role just as well as Crowe. His Emperor Commodus isn't a good villain and has no real character, but Phoenix adds so many layers to him and turns him into a great antagonist that that alone makes his performance excellent. He commands attention just as Crowe does. All by himself (no help from any great dialogue or development), he creates a villain that is prissy, whining, ambitious, pathetic, and malevolent, and worthy of our hate as well as our pity. It's a wonderful transformation. To sum it up, the characters themselves aren't really developed at all- but the acting is so good that it seems they are.<br />Now, onto the action, which, as I had hoped, is plentiful and intense. It has diversity and grandeur. All the fights were fast, hard-hitting, uncensored, and very bloody, which is what they should've been like. And every single fight sequence is unique from the others. There's the match where two men fought chained to each other, the opening war battle, Maximus vs. numerous other fighters, and the final sword duel, to name a few. This is so much more than just two half-naked men fighting with swords, which is what it could've been. The film also captures the feel and the motion of combat. Ridley Scott speeds up the film slightly during fight scenes to show the chaos and rapid reflexes necessary to survive. During the fight scenes, the camerawork is nonstop and covers the combat as one big blur to the fighters. (But we can still follow the fights themselves.)<br />This film also stands out in my mind as one of the most visual, image-driven action films I've ever seen. Thanks to Ridley Scott, practically every scene is jammed with wonderful detail, art direction, even distinct lighting (the Collosseum orange, other parts of Rome dark blue). Just look at the wide multitude (seemingly infinite number) of battle masks, weapons, and locales. Cinematography is skillful and impressive. There are tons of memorable shots, like Maximus entering the ring with rose petals coming down on him like rain from above, Commodus' pure white battle costume (when he's beingrisen up on the platform he looks like a demented angel ascending to heaven), and the images used to represent Crowe's home- the gentle hand carressing the wheat reeds, the door to his house, etc. They had a surreal quality and each were bathed in their own distinct color. Excellent work, Ridley.<br />A very impressive film. So why can't all summer movies be this good? We'd be spoiled.
B00008YJH5|5.0|Im not sure where to start on this one. The Pixies created a timeless album here, not in the sense that everyone will love it because many will probably hate it, but this album is something very special. Between noisy rockers (something against you, im amazed) and pop gems (gigantic, where is my mind?) the Pixies truly shine all over this album. In fact there isnt much about this album that I dont like. The music is very simple, which goes in Sharp contrast with the ultra-technical hair metal of the time. The guitars are raw and abrasive, but also highly enjoyable, it should go without saying that Joey Santiago is one of the most underrated guitarists of the eighties. The lyrics are very funny, bizzare and really clever at the same time. They should get you some odd looks singing them out loud on a bus. Take thes lyrics for example:   <br />&quot;I was talking to preachy-preach about kissy-kiss<BR>He bought me a soda<BR>He bought me a soda<BR>He bought me a soda and he tried to molest me in the parking lot<BR>Yep, yep yep YEP!&quot;<br />&quot;There was this boy who had two<BR>Children with his sisters<BR>They were his daughters<BR>They were his favourite lovers&quot;<br />Those are just two songs theres more weirdness to pass around but I wont go into it now. The vocals jump from sweet to scream as the verse changes to the chorus (this would later be a trademard of Nirvana). The production by steve albini is very raw but I tend to think that's for the best, these songs would sound pretty lame if they were too polished. In conclusion if you buy Surfer Rosa you'll be dancing your pants to their awesome rock sounds all night.
B00005MAM2|5.0|&quot;Akira&quot; is one of those exceptional moments when an art form transcends itself and becomes something greater. It is one of the few anime's to be viewed by the &quot;mainstream.&quot; It defines animation in the way that &quot;Watchmen&quot; defines comic books, &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; defines science fiction, or &quot;Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon&quot; defines wuxia, as something to strive for and not quite achieve. It is a watermark.<br />That's some pretty flowery praise, but &quot;Akira&quot; deserves it. Inside this movie is some of the best, most crisp and exiting animation ever captured on film. There are so many stunning moments (the battle with the clowns, the sewer race, Tetsuo's battle with the army, Kaneda's race to save his friend, the background of Neo-Tokyo) backed up with an exceptional soundtrack that blends techno music with traditional Japanese styles. The story line is traditional anime, with an explosive mixture of youth and technology juxtaposed with the traditional need to impose order on chaos. The characters are both righteous and stupid, heroic and annoying, competent and naive. Ah heck, just watch it!<br />Seeing &quot;Akira&quot; get this collector's edition DVD treatment is like seeing the Mona Lisa get her own room at the Louvre. All you can say is &quot;it's about time.&quot;
B000002UJQ|5.0|This is an album that anyone who says that technology is destroying rock music should listen to. On OK Computer Radiohead integrated your normal rock instruments (guitars, bass, drums, pianos, and vocals) with synths, samples, drum machines, effects, and just about anything else they could get their hands on. They coat their guitar lines with effects that are so beautiful they pierce your heart and add otherworldly sounds to their songs that leave you speechless. The best thing about OK Computer is that the use of technology does not overshadow the bands songwriting (just look at Karma Police or Exit Music) or musicianship (Paranid Android or Electioneering). Radiohead really hit their creative peak on this album, there's hardly a wasted moment on this album (excluding Fitter/Happier although it does work nicly within the context of the album). Its not the greatest album ever as some would have you believe but its definitly up there.
B0001DI0FI|5.0|Master and Commander is not just for Patrick O'Brian fans. Anyone who enjoys action and drama will enjoy this film. It ranges from great battle scenes with the tang of salt spray to human drama. The primary plot involves a cat and mouse game, set in 1805 during the Napoleonic wars, between Captain Aubrey's (Russell Crowe's) ship Surprise and his enemy a French ship Acheron. (...)along for the ride we experience sailing, sea tactics, and life on board a ship of this era. The apprenticeship approach to schooling officers during the Napoleonic era placed children on board fighting vessels. We even see a brief glimpse of a lesson in navigation Captain Aubrey is giving the young midshipmen. Life in harm's way as the sea becomes a battlefield spares neither young nor old. The crowding, stale food, and mental toll that are a fact of life on vessels that are at sea for long periods of time are graphically portrayed. The mood is lightened by the exhilaration of the hunt and moments of courage, kindness, and Aubrey's penchant for terrible puns, which fans of O'Brian's books will recognize.<br />Dr. Stephen Maturin (Paul Bettany), the side kick of this famous duo, provides a counterpoint to Aubrey's sense of duty. Through him we see medicine of the period grope its way toward the future. As an amateur naturalist, Dr. Maturin visits the Galapagos Islands much as Darwin would have during his famous trip on HMS Beagle 30 years after the 1805 date of the movie. In fact, Dr. Maturin's desire to visit the Islands becomes a source of conflict between himself and the single minded Aubrey. The resolution to the conflict is a measure of the friendship between Dr. Maturin and \\"Lucky Jack\\" Aubrey.
B00009V8Z9|5.0|I absolutely love this CD! I saw the Chariot music video on TV and bought the CD. It's been love ever since! My favorites are now Just Friends and Crush, which have both been stuck in my head for weeks now. He writes all of his own songs-that kind of talent is a dying breed. I would definitely recommend that you give this Gavin a try. He writes all of his own songs-it's a dying breed.
B00005JLXE|5.0|This is a great movie. Affleck is added to the 'Marvel's comic superheroes list'. Okay so it isn't 'Tow towers' or even 'X-men' but it's still good. You'd think Ben Affleck was a rather odd actor to play a role of a superhero but he actually played it really well. SO is it entertaining? Yes, it is. It's worth it. The fight sequences are fascinating (not exactly the final X-men movie battle though where all the characters reveal their best powers to us). It is funny too. But the main question people ask themselves when a movie like this is made is that is the character true to the original idea? The X-men were perfect, the Archie comic cartoons weren't exactly right, Spider-man was good, Asterix and Obelix was good, Lord of the rings/Two towers was also perfect, and the Harry Potter flicks were also excellent. And so did Daredevil. It was just like the comic. It's important to have some huge fan of the original creation to make the movie a success. In Spiderman's case it was the director and in Daredevil's case it's Ben Affleck. But Affleck and Garner didn't exactly form a great onscreen bond. It may be hard to have that in a superhero flick but 'Jean Grey-Cyclops' and 'Peter Parker-Mary Jane' didn't really have trouble doing that. But the bottom line is that true fans will probably be pleased with this creation. From all the comic book superhero flicks being made, X-men is (hands down) the best of them all. Every character was perfectly chosen, more than I can say of other superhero movies. The movie is in short sinister and an action-packed adventure.<br />The story revolves around Matt Murdock (played by Affleck) who was blinded as a child by a radioactive accident. But he got great senses, excellent fighting abilities, and other superhuman powers. In the morning he is Kitchen defence attorney. At night he is known to many as 'Daredevil' a superhero that fights crime in the streets of New York (common to all superhero comics/movies except Batman). He leaps from skyscraper to skyscraper. Daredevil's opponent Kingpin (Michael Clarke Duncan), and his deputy-murderer Bullseye (Colin Farrell) also play major roles of difficulty in Affleck's life. Daredevil fights their prevailing forces unaided, until he meets Elektra Natchios (Jennifer Garner of ALIAS fame), a trained martial artist and super heroine who is after Bullseye and Kingpin for assassinating her dad. <br />Actually overall the movie is pretty good but there aren't really any 'phrases' and 'scenes' that you would start mentioning over and over again. I mean unforgettable stuff like the way Uma Thurman says 'Poissssson Ivyyy&quot; in Batman and Robin or the way Robin always said 'let's get to the bat mobile' etc. But you can't have it all. You can't just wait for X-men 2 to come out without watching other superhero flicks. Well you can but it's a bit of a wait so I recommend you see this!<br />Rating out of 5: 4.5 so I rounded it up to 5<br />Best scene: When Matt and Elecktra fight eachother<br />What's the best thing about it? It stayed true to it's comic book!<br />Worst thing? The cast wasn't all that great. Compared to other comic book movies, it was a lowdown. The casting should have been done by the X-men casting person. The movie (X-men)was so perfect that you actually felt like you were reading the comic books, watching the cartoons, or playing the games! --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title
0312995423|1.0|The other reviewers have hit it on the nail - this book is not worth the paper it's printed on! I see that several reviewers have pointed to glaring mistakes in the computer front of this book, let me say that ALL the Japanese items in the book are COMPLETELY inaccurate and nonsensical! Prime example, in one scene he has the CEO of a Japanese company praying to the &quot;shichigosan&quot;, explaining that it is the 7 gods of good fortune. Well, I laughed out loud when I read that, because &quot;shichigosan&quot; is the Japanese kids festival that is celebrated when kids are 7,5 and 3 (i.e. 7 in Japanese is shichi, 5=go, you get the point). What he meant was &quot;shichifukujin&quot; the 7 gods of good fortune. A tiny bit of research could have easily avoided those horrible pitfalls. Other than these faux pas, the story is staid, characters boring, ending predictable. I had actually read the Davinci Code first, which I enjoyed (but not as much as all the reviewers hyped it up to be) but was completely disappointed with this book. I his publisher reads these reviews and edits the book properly!
B00005JM0B|5.0|Wow, what can I say? T3 is easily my favorite movie of the summer. It is full of non-stop action. The movie picks up with John Connor(Nick Stahl) in his mid-twenties. He lives &quot;off the grid&quot; as he puts it. No phone, no address, nothing to allow him to be tracked my Skynet. The T-X(Kristanna Loken) is sent to destroy him and all his future lieutenants. Once again, a T-800(Arnold Schwarzenegger) is sent to protect John, who by chance meets up with an old aquaintance, Kate Brewster (Claire Daines). All the expected action follows. Throughout the movie we find out more about Judgement Day, Skynet, and, most importantly, the connection between the characters. This is really all I can say without revealing too much, because if you like surprise endings, this one will blow you away! All in all, this is a DEFINITE must-see for all fans of the previous two Terminator movies, and certainly one of the best films of the summer!
0060934913|5.0|After 25 years in the restaurant business myself, this laugh out loud tell-all brought both tears as well as lots of memories.  Almost made me want to go back into the fire.  Anthony Bourdain does not even remotely stretch the true, from what I've experienced.<br />For anyone who was, is now or is just contemplating working in the madness that is the food service industry, PLEASE read this.<br />My favorite chapter:  &quot;What I Know About Meat.&quot; <br />Keep 'em coming, Tony!
B00005YW4H|5.0|Discovering that Norah Jones is in fact the real-life daughter of Indian classical maestro Ravi Shankar was what initially got me interested in her music. As an active Anoushka Shankar fan (for those of you who don't know yet, shes Norah Jones' sister, and is an Indian classical recording artist) I expected something similar from Norah. I must say though, that despite her heavily Indian classical background, Norah has chosen to take on tracks steeped in Western Jazz influences, and pulls it off with remarkable ease.<br />It pays to know a little about Norah Jones before listening to her music. I hear the term 'Billy Holiday' being loosely thrown around when people review her music, but Norah Jones has, with great subtlety, used her classical background to create a record that betrays any trace of Eastern influences. Being as she is the offspring of an Indian father and a Southern mother, Norah's Texan upbringing is evident throughout the record. However, even though this is her debut album, she has been making music for a while (if you can find her rare 'First Sessions' EP from 2000, you should get it) and it shows. This is no wary first album, nor is it a pretentious and I'm-a-star-because-my-dad-is-one type recording. In fact, Norah's press releases strain to avoid mentioning her father's name and to promote her as an artist all her own.<br />I first heard Norah over the Internet, purely by chance, and I was instantly reminded of Carole King, and particularly of two seemingly different albums - Sinead O'Connor's 'Am I Not your Girl?', and Gloria Estefan's 'Mi Tierra'. The comparison may not be evident immediately, but if you've listened to these two albums you may know exactly what to expect. I do agree with reviewers who say that her voice is 'smokey' but its also 'rustic' and 'full-bodied'. <br />The album itself is a revelation in terms. For one, it is being released at discount price to begin with (even though it is a full length 14 track LP), a strategy thatcould or could not pay off, especially considering what little promotion Norah has been given thus far. Secondly, its been a long while since we've had true talent cover the great blues classics and add their own original material and input. While there are occassional instances when an artist treats a cover with respect (such as Fiona Apple's version of The Beatles' 'Across the Universe'), its not every artist that has the raw talent and energy to grasp the attention of an audience that has grown weary of the vapid material world in general. In Norah Jones, we find that promise.<br />Critics may argue that the two best songs here themselves are the covers that Norah has chosen. One is Hank William's torch song 'Cold Cold Heart'. The other, which has on numerous occassions been called the album's finest track, is her cover of John D. Loudermilk's &quot;Turn Me On&quot;. Granted that these lyrics aren't exactly poetic or steeped in the mythical streams of conciousness that emanate from both her father and sister's body of work, but in a woodsy, plain way, Norah scores with simplicity with her voice, much the same way that her sibling scores with the simplicity of her instrumentation.<br />What I like about Norah Jones is her reserve and the ability to refrain from milking a tear-jerker ballad for all its' worth. This is not a diva in training, and we should all be so lucky. Perhaps its Miss Shankar's Eastern heritage that lends her that special mystique, but whatever it is, shes got a great first album out, and its one that we should all be listening to. <br />I wanted to jot down the names of a few specific albums that I felt 'Come away with me' had much in common with, in terms of spirit and ambience. In addition to the two albums I had mentioned before, it also carries the essence sported by Susheela Raman's stunning album 'Salt Rain', and by Vanessa Paradis' 2000 album 'Bliss'. Norah Jones' debut is one that fits in more with the Real World catalog - I'd be excited if she could do some collaborative work with Afro Celt Sound System or Sam Mills.<br />All in all, a splendid effort. If you're a fan of New Age and world music, and even if you haven't been a fan of bluegrass or Jazz, this is one album that could possibly open up new areas of musical interests for you. If only for just that reason, you should definitely get this. Highly recommended.
B00009V7RF|5.0|if i could i would rate this cd 1,000,000,000,00 but 5 would do it a great cd if you don't get this cd you got retared
B00005JLSE|5.0|Not since ALL THAT JAZZ (1979) have I seen a film musical with as much raw energy as CHICAGO. This is fitting since the former is about the life of the brilliant director-choreographer-composer Bob Fosse, and the latter is an adaptation from his stage musical of the same name. As a matter of fact, the opening number in CHICAGO is &quot;All That Jazz&quot;. <br />CHICAGO has, of course, enough of a rudimentary plot to cement together the dance numbers, which are the film's raison d'être. Roxie Hart (Renee Zellweger) is a wannabe dancer in 1930s Chicago, who idolizes Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones). However, both are arrested for murder, Roxie having gunned down a duplicitous lover after he reneges on a promise to introduce her to a friend who can get her into the Biz, and Velma for having whacked her husband and her sister when she caught the two in bed together. Thrown into Cook County Jail, both fall under the control of the jolly and corrupt Matron &quot;Mama&quot; Morton (Queen Latifah), and both retain the services of Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), a flamboyant lawyer who specializes in defending women accused of homicide, and who's never lost a case.<br />There aren't enough superlatives to describe CHICAGO, and I fear my review won't do it justice. Jones, a former dancer before she turned actress, struts her magnificent stuff beginning with the opening number (&quot;All That Jazz&quot;). Zellweger and Gere, neither hoofers by training, are seemingly miscast - but it works magnificently. All three sing and dance their way through the film in visually stunning choreographed numbers that had the audience clapping after each.<br />As Roxie and Velma worked their way through the criminal and judicial systems, the creators of CHICAGO were astoundingly clever in superimposing a musical version of each step in the process on the &quot;real&quot; one, for examples, the on-site police investigation of Roxie's crime (&quot;Funny Honey&quot;), Matron Morton's introductory speech to her new charges (&quot;When You're Good to Mama&quot;), Flynn's entrance (&quot;All I Care About&quot;), and Roxie's defense (&quot;We Both Reached for the Gun&quot;). My favorite comes during Roxie's trial when Flynn, more showman than counselor, displays his philosophy on defense strategy with the glitzy &quot;Razzle Dazzle&quot;. <br />CHICAGO is loud, colorful, in-your-face, exuberant entertainment. I'd give it 10 stars if I could. And if you don't take the opportunity to see it while it's on the Big Screen at the beginning of 2003, then you're doing yourself a huge injustice. I beg you to see this film! I intend to see it at least once more, and will purchase the CD soundtrack and DVD when they're released. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title
B0001BKAEY|1.0|I do not recommend at all to buy this movie. Go buy Matrix 1. That was a great movie. This one isn't. I think we need to e-mail staff for matrix 2 &amp; 3 and tell them to ask LOTR's staff on &quot;How To Make a GOOD Trilogy and NOT to DIE trying&quot;. Its a pity they didnt know how to continue such a great story.
B00005JM02|5.0|Pixar has outdone themselves once again. &quot;Finding Nemo&quot; is the dramatic, sometimes sad &amp; scary, sometimes drop-dead hilarious, tale (or should I say &quot;tail&quot;?) of a Father trying to find his lost son. In this case, the father (voice over by Albert Brooks), Marlin, is a clownfish living in a sea anemone. His son, Nemo, evokes images of Dicken's &quot;Tiny Tim&quot; character with his defective fin.<br />In light of todays news headlines where children are forcibly kidnapped from their own homes, the opening of the film may be too intense and overwhelming for some sensitive youngsters.<br />As with its other movies (&quot;Toy Story,&quot; &quot;Monsters, Inc.,&quot; etc.), the story is so well written, it can be enjoyed by children and adults alike.<br />As someone who has a salt water aquarium at home with a pair of clownfish and a regal tang (the species of Dory, played by Ellen DeGeneres), I know first hand how these fish move through water and interact with other fish in the tank.<br />It's obvious that the artists involved in animating these characters studied their biology and behavior for hours on end. A few times, the fish are literally out of the water, and as the water on their skin begins to drip off, you can see the subtle highlights in their scales. Magnificent work.<br />Obviously, the fish are given human-like eyes... a truly necessary component to get you emotionally involved with these characters.<br />Even Bruce, the Great White shark, is an endearing fellow with an Australian accent. Despite the human-like characteristics, the adherence to physiological details on the rest of these species is incredible.<br />The lighting has such an effect that you feel like you are under water with the fish. The gentle swaying of the coral and anemones is surreal... just like the real Great Barrier Reef. <br />In reality, some of these fish would never encounter each other in the wild... and we all know that Starfish do not have eyes or smiley faces... but you do not care about those minor details while watching this film.<br />Dory is the beautiful blue &amp; yellow regal tang fish who teams up with Marlin to find his son. Her tendency to forget almost everything she hears is a part of the charm of this character. Ellen DeGeneres' voice was perfect for this fish. The facial expressions on the characters, modeled after the actors that did their voices, are also priceless.<br />This movie is far more than eye-candy. The story and comedic timing are so good, it could be done with stick-figures and still be good.<br />This movie is an absolute delight. When it is released on DVD, it will immediately be added to my collection - this is a film I could see time and time again.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|The best thing about Love Actually was watching it in an American movie theater with Americans. The film is for the most part, wonderful. Of course, it has its flaws - and many people have suggested that 8 different love stories is simply too much for one film. I think that is the whole point. We are introduced to a world where \\"love actually is all around\\" - to focus on one of these couples would not emphasise this point as well.<br />One of my favourite aspects of the film was the cameo roles. Ant and Dec appear as themselves: children's TV presenters and discuss the physical attributes of Blue, a 'real' British boy band (I assume this broke a few teenage girls' hearts). Claudia Schiffer, Denise Richards and Shannon Elizabeth, but to name a few, all contribute to this wonderful cast. Blink, and you'll miss them. Emma Thompson astounded me with her acting. I have never been a fan, but the scene in which she controls her tears in the bedroom after unwrapping her Christmas gift seemed to reflect the trueness of marriage along with its difficulties. Keira Knightley will go far. She impressed me in Pirates of the Carribbean, and my only regret is that her role was not larger in this film.<br />In fact, the film made me homesick. Seeing London at Christmas is magical, and Curtis has managed to capture such magic beautifully on screen. I don't think I have ever been so emotional in a movie theater before. If you like romance, and particularly if you like London and all things British, watch this film. I laughed and cried. A lot.
B00012QM8G|5.0|Meet Oskar Schindler. A German living in occupied Poland during World War II. A member in good standing of the Nazi party. A womanizer, a war profiteer...and ultimately a man of conscience. A man who became one of the great unsung heroes and humanitarians of the war.<br />\\"Schindler's List\\" chronicles Oskar Schindler's spiritual odyssey from war profiteer to humanitarian and hero. Winner of seven Academy Awards® in 1993, including Best Picture, this harrowing and heart-rending film is Steven Spielberg's masterpiece, and perhaps one of the finest and most important movies ever made. It depicts Schindler's ultimately successful attempt to rescue 1,100 Jews from Hitler's \\"Final Solution\\" by getting them to safety outside Poland. <br />Dynamic performances abound in this beautiful movie, Especially noteworthy are Liam Neeson as the suave Schindler, Ralph Fiennes as the monstrously depraved Nazi colonel, Amon Goeth, and Ben Kingsley as the dignified, principled Jewish prisoner Itzhak Stern.<br />\\"Schindler's List\\" is definitely not light entertainment! This beautiful movie allows viewers to feel like they're actually a part of one of the darkest, most horrific periods in history. (I'm sure this is the reason the film was shot in black-and-white, with only minor \\"colorized\\" bits included.) The story of the Holocaust needs to be told over and over again, in hopes that future generations can understand the horrors perpetrated on an entire race of people and prevent future occurrences. \\"Schindler's List\\" is perhaps one of the best and most effective vehicles for telling that story I've ever experienced.
B000089RVX|5.0|The first time I heard the single &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot;, I was absolutely blown away. Since then, I've gotten the cd, and memorized every song on it in a matter of weeks! It is definitely the best cd I've ever heard. Everyone should buy it! Believe me, it's beyond worth the money!
B00005OMTT|5.0|Look back at the history of Enigma. It did something no one else did. It was something nothing else could be. It changed the way we looked at pop music. <br />With Enigma's first album, MCMXC a.D., Enigma took hip-hop / dance floor beats, and melded them with Gregorian chants, which resulted in such #1 hits as Sadeness and Mea Culpa. The reason for the success of the album is that these songs were different. They were original. They took chances. Enigma had been born.<br />With Enigma's 2nd album, The Cross of Changes, Michael Cretu (Engima's mastermind) took a much poppier sound than the previous album, and infused it with ethnic chants from around the world, which resulted in hits such as Return to Innocence and I Love You, I'll Kill You.<br />Enigma's third album, Le Roi Est Mort, Vive Le Roi, marked the 'end of a chapter' to Cretu. Enigma took the elements that made the first two albums so successful, and combined them, while adding in the voice of Cretu himself. This resulted in a more laid back, relxaing, yet captivating 'look at life', says the German composer.<br />Enigma's latest album, The Screen Behind the Mirror, used samples of Carl Orff's famous opera Carmina Burana, namely O Fortuna, perhaps the most well known work of Orff's. Enigma blended this with slow and fast electronic beats, and gave the songs a bit more of a 'rock edge', to create what is perhaps the best Enigma work to date.<br />Now, along with the release of a brand new single, Turn Around, Michael Cretu has released Love - Sensuality - Devotion (LSD), a compilation that reflects his 'memory of the future'. Taking from the first four Enigma works 15 tracks, and adding in a new introduction and Turn Around, LSD is a must have for anyone who likes music in general. There is such a wide variety of music in this compilation, yet many people have not heard Enigma before.<br />This compilation marks the end of the 1st world of Enigma. But Cretu assures as that there will be another world - he won't be out of ideas for a long, long while.
B000089RVR|2.0|I was very dissappointed with Life for Rent.<BR>I purchased Life for Rent hoping that it would be another No Angel but willing to accept a more dancier album.  With recent singles such as 'One Step Too Far' and Rollo working on the project I incorrectly assumed that the music would be driving.<br />Nothing wrong with her music, I was more dissappointed because it wasn't what I thought it would be.  Now I have a CD I opened and can't return.  I doubt I will ever listen to it again.  <br />On a side note, I hope some of Europe's leading DJ/Producers get her in the studio because her voice is perfect for a dance remix.  Not the soulful housey kind, but the dark techno type.
B000099T2L|5.0|Beyonce is a fantastic R&amp;B/hip hop/ dance artist! This album is fantastic and features a wide range of artists from rap star Jay Z to Reggae star Sean Paul, from hip hop star Missy Elliot to classic R&amp;B stars. Her songs would attract a wide range of fans. For instance, &quot;Baby Boy&quot; sounds like 50 cent's &quot;In Da Club&quot; and &quot;Hip Hop star&quot; sounds like Outkast's &quot;Ms. Jackson&quot;. In between her songs she has interludes and themes just like TLC's all-time great &quot;Crazysexycool&quot; LP. Her album is true to the Destiny's child type of music (like the naughty girl song-it's like Jumpin Jumpin) and at the same time it's a totally different kind of masterpiece. One of the album's highlights is the album's first track, &quot;Crazy in Love&quot;-a great, fun, catchy single with a great video and it really starts to grow on you. All the other songs are great too-in their own way.<br />In short I highly recommend this album to all Beyonce fans, Destiny's child fans, TLC fans, etc. It's a new side of Beyonce-it's a new side of R&amp;B that mixes dance and pop with hip hop and vocal tracks.
B00006690G|5.0|I think my best song is Business then Sing for the Moment. The worst song is Drips. What has happened to me? I cant think of any new songs, so F**K you guys! I've been listening to 2pac in the meantime so thanks for npo f*****g support!!!!!!!
B00003CX95|5.0|First off - this movie is superb. Absolutely phenomenal. I watched it again last night when I only had an hour to spare and ended up watching the whole thing. It's like a well written book that you can't put down until you get to the end. Now - on to the title of this review: Nearly every review which gives this movie less than five stars mentions historical inaccuracies as the reason for the lower score. Now, I'm not an expert on William Wallace or anyone else who was living in Scotland in the 13th century, but I do know that I wasn't watching this on the history channel. I was on a movie channel - it's a movie! Braveheart doesn't claim to be (and shouldn't be) a historically accurate representation of the life and times of William Wallace. It's a passionate love story about a pacifist who becomes a warrior because he can no longer accept the tyranny of the Britains. (And for you British folk who are tweaked by this - get over it. It's just a movie and &quot;strange women, lying in ponds, distributing swords, is no basis for a system of government&quot; anyway). Bottom line: This is a really really really good movie and you should buy it instead of renting it because it'll save you money in the long run - but wait for the DVD because VHS will wear out too fast.
B000075BFK|5.0|It's only when a new 2pac album of &quot;discovered&quot; songs is released that we realise what we are missing. There is a mix of emotional, soppy songs and bad boy thug rants on the album. Songs that stand out for me are My Block, Better Days, Street Fame and Still Ballin. If you are new to 2pac then buy this- you'll be addicted and it'll lead you to buying his other albums. For people who have been following him since his early days I suppose you better get this to complete your collection. You may be slightly dissappointed because while this album is great, it doesn't live up to his other works. But hey, this is 2pac! 5 stars.......
B0000DD7LB|5.0|I'm tired of all these so called 'music experts' who are so far above listening to Britney that they come on Amazon.com just to complain about her...don't make much sense to me. <br />I'm also tired of people saying that Britney lacks depth and diversity...who cares, did she ever once say that this album was on the same level as Bob Dylan or something? No, she said that this was a dance album, pure and simple. And that's what it is, and it's a great one at that. Yeesh, she's like 21, not 60. Even if she was singing about life, nature, politics, would u take her advice since your so against her anyway? Didn't think so.<br />Stand outs are, Toxic, Breathe On Me, Early Mornin' and the remix of 'Me Against The Music'.<br />The albums got great beats, great hooks, great songs, and the liner pictures are nice...;)<br />I say good for you Britney, give all those 'I'm above listening to Britney' people (who listen to The Clash and The Strokes because they think they have to) more to cry about.<br />Five out of Five
B0001611DI|5.0|Ok forget about my lame choice of topics for a moment, this movie is absolutely amazing. I waited with writing my review up until the point when I was able to see the new Dawn of the Dead playing in theaters right now, even though the new remake was good, it doesn't even begin to stack up with the original. Sure the new version has all sorts of flashy new effects and sure it'll scare you from time to time but nothing even comes close to the terror that this DVD will instill upon you. If the thought of being utterly alone in the world, and having a bunch of zombies wanting to come eat you isn't terrifying to you I don't know what would scare you. George A. Romero does an amazing job with this story, you actually feel for the characters after the first half hour, something I felt was lacking in the remake. If you liked 28 Days later, Day of the Dead or even Night of the Living Dead then this is one movie that should not be excluded from your DVD collection. The DVD itself does not have as much special features as you would like (or maybe I am just spoiled) but the commentary added by director George A. Romero and Special Effects Creator Tom Savini is insightful and downright amusing at time, these men were true pioneers. Both the sound and video are very good, especially considering how old the movie is. The special features are good but like I said before nothing really to get too excited about. I heard that there was plan to release a three-disc DVD set for this movie but until that is a reality I can safely say that this is the best version of the movie you can get. Gore, frights, occasional humor, this is truly one of the best zombie movies you can get anywhere, I can safely recommend it to anyone.
B0000BWVCM|5.0|The X-Men are back, with 2003's first blockbuster X2 directed by Bryan Singer. What's more it is bigger (some $50million), better, darker, longer, more action-packed and generally more exciting, with a substantial increase in the sexual tension. <br />In this highly enjoyable sequel, the warring parties from the first instalment are forced into a partnership of necessity to battle against an army scientist, Colonel William Stryker (Brian Cox), who is determined to wipe all mutant life. To this end, in an excellent opening sequence, he coerces a teleporting mutant by the name of Nightcrawler into an attempt on the President's life with the purpose of turning both the public and the oval office against mutant kind. <br />All the favourite X-people from the first instalment including Wolverine (Hugh Jackman), Magneto (Sir Ian McKellen), Professor X (Patrick Stewart), Storm (Halle Berry), Rogue (Anna Paquin), Mystique (Rebecca Romijn-Stamos), Cyclops (James Marsden) and Famke Janssen (as Dr Jean Grey). In addition they are joined by three very noteable additions, Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming), Pyro (Aaron Stamford) and Yuriko Oyama (Kelly Hu). Although Sabretooth and Toad are missing in action from the first movie they're not exactly missed (because lets face it they aren't the most exciting X-characters anyway)!<br />One of the things I most enjoyed about X2 is how much more there was than the first movie. More action, more humour, more X-Men (and X-children) a longer running time, and in particular, more Halle Berry, more Rebecca Romijn-Stamos and Famke Janssen, looking even more glamorous, more alluring and displaying more X-powers (as Dr Jean Grey) than she did in the first movie. <br />That said, the film is still dominated by two actors; Brian Cox (one of Scotland's finest actors) who makes an excellent villain as Colonel Stryker and Australian actor Hugh Jackman as Wolverine. For it is their personal conflict and previous history that encapsulates the battle between good and evil that is at the heart of this sequel. However, they are ably supported by all the previously mentioned cast members and the addition of the excellent character Nightcrawler, played by another Scotsman, Alan Cumming. <br />Kudos must also go to scriptwriters Mike Dougherty and Dan Harris and Director Bryan Singer, who was much criticised for the lack of action in the opening movie of this very profitable franchise. Dougherty and Harris have injected some subtle humour mainly absent from X-Men and Singer (with help from Editors John Ottman & Elliot Graham) has done well to seamlessly cram it all into 130 minutes, whilst still managing to keep to his promise of a darker sequel. Although critics may argue that much of the intelligence and thought-provoking elements from the first movie are much diluted X2 is still one of the finest comic book movie to date and exactly what X-fans were looking for in a sequel. Not only does X2 pave the way for a summer of superheroes, with The Matrix Reloaded and The Hulk imminent, but it also sets us up for the inevitable X3, although this is going to be hard to top.
B00004T9UF|4.0|This album is so cool and awsweme! I really like The real Slim Shady! Yo! it's da best so ya gotta buy dis album ya see, its coo'. Eminem is da bomb! YEAH!
0385510438|5.0|There are so many riviting aspects to this latest Grisham novel that it's hard to know where to begin. First, there is the old vs. the new with regards to the south--how it has changed, is changing, and will change. That in itself is enough for a book and reminds me of other writers who have tackled that slippery slope: McCrae in his Bark of the Dogwood and Conroy in Prince of Tides. But the most intriguing aspect of this Grisham book is his characters. Then again, that's always the most intriguing aspect of his work. In any other writer's hands, the character of Danny Padgitt (how's that for a white trash name?) would be a cardboard cut-out. But in Grisham's he's flesh-and-blood. And Danny literally &quot;gives&quot; the newspaper in the town new life when he commits a murder. As with all media, they love sensationalism, and the Ford County Times--the paper that Willie Traynor now owns--is no exception. Seizing the opportunity, Traynor splashes the gory details all over &quot;the Times&quot; and the result is that he an instant celebrity and also a marked man. Padgitt finally gets his, but not full-out. His life sentence is evidently not quite as &quot;lifelong&quot; as everyone thought, and as soon as he's released, the killing starts. This, all because of his statement to the jury on his way out that he will have his revenge on the jurors. Lovely. Especially if you're one of them. All through this excellent plot, Grisham weaves the lives (or lackthereof) of the colorful characters in the town--yet another aspect of southern writing (again, McCrae or Conroy), and it's really these people that create the landscape and backdrop for this book. The entire novel reads like a well-done combination of Grisham's legal thrillers, his homage to Mississippi (A Painted House), and his foray into small town Southern America. Without a doubt this is his best effort to date.
B000069AUI|2.0|You can either listen to one song eleven times or all eleven songs, but either way you're hearing the album - it's just the same (five minute) thing over and over. Buy one off of iTunes or downloaded it, but don't waste money or time with the whole CD. (I might be missing something here, because I can't actually sit still long enough to listen to any one of the songs straight through.)
0385424736|2.0|I love books that attack the insurance industry, corrupt lawyers and judges but the ending was entirely too similar to some of his other books. An easy read if you have be confined in a plane or car.
0393317552|5.0|I would like to praise Guns Germs and Steel on several aspects.<br />First, as everybody quite agrees on, GGS lays a logical framework for the history of the human species. (second) Diamond wrests this enormous task with seeming ease, although it is obvious that he thoroughly criticised his ideas before writing them down. But we don't read the mind bendings and difficult times he had while doing this self-criticism: we just read the end product, the points he makes, what he accepts, what he refuses. It is as if he wrote a volume that was several times larger than GGS and then he took only the notconfusing crystallized ideas and put into GGS.<br />His writing style is excellent. He is not self indulgent in using excessive grammar and handsome vocabulary. Even at the most colorful instances in human history he narrates, he doesn't get carried away in the language he uses.<br />At all chapters, I felt the presence of an author who really thought on the issues he tells, never conceals the facts, never tries to find ways around.<br />The main idea of the book is awesome, and this is much glorofied anyway (for good reason). I am more struck by the fact that a content this complex and this overwhelming is given in such a good structure. What I observe in myself is while reading a science book, even if I admire the book, when it's finished all I have is an impression of the book and a few examples that I remember. On the contrary, after I finished GGS I found myself talking about the main idea of the book to people for hours. GGS achieves this by the amazing simplicity of its language, its unpretentious style and its repetitions. Yes, repetitions, which is normally regarded as drawbacks becomes a way to make the reader really understand the idea. Certainly, repetitions are not mere repetitions but the main ideas repeated in different contexts. In this aspect, the seemingly high volume of the book also doesn't become an issue because of the ease of reading it.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|I've been a UFO fan since the 70's. I was there at the show in Chicago that part of this CD was taken from. I've heard rumors and I've listened to this album/CD literally hundreds of times.<BR>That is not Michael Schenker playing on Rock Bottom and I suspect that is not him on Too Hot To Handle. I bet a nickle that its our old buddy Paul Chapman. Look at the evidence and really listen to the Rock Bottom solo, focus on the lead, compare the style to the Lights Out or Shoot Shoot solos...Big Difference. The CD is still great.
0671027344|3.0|When I first read this book I thought it was good, but looking back, I enjoyed it more than I thought. The main character is a rather strange boy that has unique experiences. I don't think the main character is so much a normal teenager as an unstable individual. Overall, I could not identify with the main character, but could appreciate his plight. It's an easy enjoy read.
0767803434|3.0|I used to remember this film as being pretty good, and the performances of Harrison Ford and Gary Oldman are enjoyable, but there are parts of the plot that are those 'oh come on' moments that no audience should buy in to.  And the special effects are pretty cheesy, with some really bad airplane manuevers.  The whole scene where Air Force One lands and takes-off again in the heat of the hijacking is just awful... totally unrealistic.
0679428895|2.0|The book started out okay, but went down hill from there. I don't think characters and plot lines were developed as well as they could have been. Very disappointing considering how interesting the subject matter is. I found my mind wandering countless times while reading the book. It almost became a chore to pick it up where I left off. I just felt like something was missing throughout the read. I definitely do not recommend it.
B00005JMSE|4.0|Director Guillermo Del Toro?s career has progressively flourished throughout the 1990s, his cinematic offspring revealing the man?s affection for dark, vigorous and exceptionally stylized horror with a social subtext. From his ominous debut ?Chronos?, to ?Mimic? with Mira Sorvino and a bunch of oversized bugs; from ?Blade II?, infinitely better than its predecessor, to the Spanish war ghost story ?Devil?s Backbone? - the films demonstrate Del Toro?s capability to elevate familiar material above average level; they bring back the value of the horror genre, they stimulate and astonish audiences. The weaknesses of recent comic-book adaptations (pick any: ?Hulk?, ?Daredevil?, ?X-Men I, II?, Men in Black II?, and, yes, I hated ?Spider Man?) made one wonder whether Hollywood was going to keep producing tame drivel, or finally hire Guillermo Del Toro to resurrect the comic-book spirit, and visualize it with assurance displayed in classics such as Tim Burton?s ?Batman?, Alex Proyas? ?The Crow?, Richard Donner?s ?Superman?, and even Sam Reimi?s ?Darkman?. Luckily, Hollywood hotshots managed to realize that judging by the dismal box-office of recent fluff like ?Daredevil?, what they needed was an expert, a director who understands and loves those kind of films. ?Hellboy? came out.<br /> Yes, ?Hellboy? is flawed. Yes, its plot gets a little dehydrated by the end. Yes, it?s PG-13, and YES! Selma Blair is in ?blank mode? throughout the film as Hellboy?s love interest. But lemme tell you something, as long as the film?s protagonist has as much quirky show-stealing presence as Ron Perlman?s cigar-chompin? Hellboy; as long as a comic-book adaptation is as faithful to its subject as ?Hellboy? is by keeping a sustained pace and overflowing with homages to Mika Mignola?s (creator of the comic-book, who supervised the production) darkly humorous style , and as long as the film is as deferential to its audiences intelligence as Del Toro?s creation, which does not irritate with self-importance like ?Hulk?, or exasperate with silliness like ?Daredevil? - I?ll go for ?flawed? any day if a motion picture can offer me all that?Besides, ?Hellboy? more than makes up for its inconsistencies with one single factor - it?s clearly inspired. At times, the film achieves the impossible - there are actually touching moments in a comic-book movie, involving the love of Hellboy?s life, who starts fires when excited, and the hero, who - you guessed it - is fireproof (Ron Perlman ?fills? Selma Blair?s ?blank? with eccentricity - he runs the show). Certain powerful scenes, such as the two of them kissing while burning, bring to mind ?Daredevil??s corny stabs at ?touching? in scenes involving blind Ben Affleck, sportin? a ruthlessly tight costume.<br /> I realize I haven?t talked much about the plot, nor did I reveal that the slimy creatures that Hellboy battles actually seem real, and not like special effects (or did I?) But what?s the point - I?d hate to spoil the fun for you. Let me just say ?Hellboy? has Rasputin, a half-fish half-man, aliens, subway trains, Nazis, the end of the world, and a lot of energy. Why are you still reading?ance like ?Hulk?, or exasperate with silliness like ?Daredevil? - I?ll go for ?flawed? any day if a motion picture can offer me all that?Besides, ?Hellboy? more than makes up for its inconsistencies with one single factor - it?s clearly inspired. At times, the film achieves the impossible - there are actually touching moments in a comic-book movie, involving the love of Hellboy?s life, who starts fires when excited, and the hero, who - you guessed it - is fireproof (Ron Perlman ?fills? Selma Blair?s ?blank? with eccentricity - he runs the show). Certain powerful scenes, such as the two of them kissing while burning, bring to mind ?Daredevil??s corny stabs at ?touching? in scenes involving blind Ben Affleck, sportin? a ruthlessly tight costume. <BR> I realize I haven?t talked much about the plot, nor did I reveal that the slimy creatures that Hellboy battles actually seem real, and not like special effects (or did I?) But what?s the point - I?d hate to spoil the fun for you. Let me just say ?Hellboy? has Rasputin, a half-fish half-man, aliens, subway trains, Nazis, the end of the world, and a lot of energy. Why are you still reading?
0062502182|3.0|This book has a great message. It was truly a thought provoking read that made me look at myself and my choices more closely. This book is not only good for adults, but children as well.
0393325172|5.0|O'Brian's talent ranges over several facets of early eighteenth century society with astonishing competence (e.g. music, social manners, natural philosophy and theology), while reserving a greater part, still, for a natural description of the technicalities of sailing and the Royal Navy.  In this book, and the following books, O'Brian consistently demonstrates his genius for creating diverse, entertaining, believable and natural characters; plots which are plausible in that they are infallibly shaped by the emotions of these characters; and more impressive than all of this put together, perhaps, a style which flows perfectly naturally, without waste, and with no unnecessary economies.
0385510438|4.0|I think this latest Grisham offering is very well developed. I like his characters, the southern setting, and in general find it to be worthy of his name.<br />Raymond Austin<BR>Television director of The Saint, The Avengers, Hawaii Five-O, Hart to Hart, Vegas, Quincy, Magnum, P.I., AirWolf, Spencer: For Hire, JAG and many others.<br />And the author of, \\"The Eagle Heist\\" and \\"Dead Again\\" from the Beauford Sloan Mystery series.
B00005JKNF|5.0|What I like about this film is its class. It's so brilliantly directed that the flow of the story is never interrupted. It's balanced, it's witty, it's full of mystery and fun. And it never strays to the realm of the over-the-top murder tales that are full of larger-than-life characters and Clue-esque easy answers. And although very unique in many ways, it does have a somewhat basic storyline (which causes its originality to be much more impressive).<br />A hierarchy of British nobility is visiting a couple in their mansion (and their servants are joining them during the \\"vacation\\"). The husband of the hosting couple is a vile man with many secrets that too many of the servants know about (like his many sexual adventures with factory women, who would birth children he could care less about). These events from the past start to seep in and stir up in both the upstairs and downstairs of the old mansion and the murder mystery begins, without a prime suspect.<br />The emotional undertone of the \\"evil man,\\" as we'll call him, and the relationship he has with a certain servant allows the film to be much more than a well-directed, well-written mystery. It's socially conscious and it will have you caring about each and every character in a certain way, which may cause some to have favorites (the cast is large enough to do so). I have not seen a film in recent memory that is so successful at pulling you in and getting you involved with the importance of the story as well as its plot. And this immensely advantageous quality is not only because of Robert Altman's direction, interweaving the various plot lines and characters seamlessly. It is also because of the screenplay.<br />The writing, by Julian Fellows, is intelligent, clever and sometimes down-right funny! It allowed for scenes with many people talking at once to have key moments that you could absorb without the least bit of trouble. You'll know when you need to listen in, and you'll know when a line is meant to be comic relief, or something of that sort. Fellows deserved the Oscar (2001, for best Original Screenplay) completely.<br />Don't forget the actors. The cast is a sprawling who's who of British (and two American) actors. It includes young soon-to-be-thespians such as Ryan Phillipe and Kelly McDonald, and another rising star: Clive Owen. But the film belongs to three women: Maggie Smith, Emily Watson, and, especially, Helen Mirren. All three never cease adding on layers to their characters, one of which could have suffered from being a cardboard cut-out of a person. Smith is hilarious, Watson does some great internal work, and so does Mirren, who has a killer scene toward the end of the film that will have you sobbing. All three were, in a word, amazing.<br />Some may say the film stretches along to the point of causing boredom. But you must understand that most of the film is key to the ending, and you'll be sitting there during the credits proud of yourself for catching on. It's just that involving! And that may be the movie's only real flaw: it is too subtle for certain people to \\"get.\\" Otherwise, the movie is brilliant, dare I say close to perfect? I do dare. It's just that well-made.
B00004U2EZ|5.0|my friend burned me a copy of this and I listen to it almost every day. I listen to it at school all the time. Even though I have no idea what they are saying, it sounds so beautiful. Some of my siblings are taking french and some of the songs they can translate for me. It seems like everytime I listen to it, it makes my wanting to see the musical or buying the DVD more. I love the sound of Luck Mervil's voice who plays Clopin. My friend agrees with me too.
B0001EFTVA|5.0|This isn't that bad but uplifting, a great anime and inspired story from classic movie \\"Cider House Rules\\".
0060955775|5.0|i have recently read this book and liked it alot.coelho's writing is poetic and inspiring ,and him using an easy language  is an advantage;not a down point.Paulo is a very gifted writer and succeeds  in creating a magical atmosphere which attracts you to the story.the plot is a very original one, inspite of being realistic.as the story proceeds, he goes deeper into the human character.<BR>veronika is 24 years old ,beautiful&amp; young ,with a very interesting character.she has a nice job and a loving family ,and never had any trouble finding boyfriends.yet she decides to end her life by taking an over dose of sleeping pills,her main reason for this is  lack of point &amp; meaning of her life.however when she wakes up she find her self in a mental hospital and finds out that her heart has been permanently damaged and that she only had few days to live.at first she is happy to know this,but after sometime,to her own surprise,she finds her self wishing to live longer,and finds out that the lack of meaning in her life is no body's fault but her own.
B0001AVZA8|4.0|Diane Keaton, Jack Nicholson and Keanu Reeves, a great cast but yet the movie seemed to fail, the plot was as usual 'nicholson always gets what he wants', Diane Keaton, a stuggling writer desperately seeking for romance, keanu, a doctor!!??, they can't put a guy who just came out of a matrix movie play a doctor, it all seemed to cheesy, don't get me wrong, i love this movie but the cast failed to make it a box office, golden globe winning, oscar winning, worldwide success. 6.5/10.
0743454529|5.0|I also agree that this book reads more like a Non Fiction, Memoir style then that of Fiction. It is a very well done book-showing that abuse comes in all forms. I am highly impressed.<BR>(...)
B00005ASIL|3.0|This album is missing a few songs.   The very best of?  Not quite.  Where is &quot;Teacher Lyrics&quot; and &quot;Hymn 43&quot;?  NOw I have to get those songs elsewhere.
B000002H33|5.0|This is without a shadow of a doubt Metallica's best album.  Every song is precise.  The title track &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; is a metal masterpiece.  However, it is not my all-time favorite Metallica song, instead &quot;Disposable Heroes&quot; is; I just love how fast and heavy it gets.  The drum rhythms are solid, and the guitar solo is right on target.  My least favorite song is &quot;Damage Inc.&quot; yet, it is great closer, great thrash metal.  In conclusion, this album kicks serious @$$!!!!  METALLICA IS THE BEST!!!!!
076790592X|3.0|First the good news:  Mitch Albom has done an excellent job of telling the story of a dying man. Albom writes vivid descriptions that made me feel I was actually there. The storytelling about Morrie's life is engaging and we truly care about him. We learn about the difference he has made in the world, and the lives he has touched. <br />However, if you are looking for deep philosophy about life and death you may be disappointed as I was. I had heard so many good things about this book I was hoping to get some new insights and guidance about life. Yet I found the information superficial. It felt like reading a series of newspaper stories rather than a book. Each of the write ups has more detail about relatively inconsequential matters such as what Morrie was wearing or the food Mitch brought over than Morrie's thoughts on life. In some cases we are treated to only a few sentences each on significant topics such as &quot;Death&quot; and &quot;Fear of Aging.&quot; <br />I couldn't understand why there was so little &quot;meat&quot; to the book because Mitch had a tape recorder. Was Morrie so ill he barely spoke during their meetings? If so, why didn't Mitch tell us that? Did they talk about other matters and Morrie actually had very little to say about the significant topics covered in this book? I felt like Morrie's thoughts on life really weren't expressed through this book, although his spirit certainly lives on.<br />My sense is that this book will contain great insights to readers who have not previously given much thought to their purpose in life and their own mortality. However, if you have already seriously considered such issues and read books such as Scott Peck's &quot;The Road Less Traveled,&quot; this book will probably not have a lot of new information for you, although of course every reader will likely take something away from it. (When a reader says they got &quot;nothing&quot; from a book that usually says a lot more about the reader than it does aboutthe book!) My purpose is to help other readers like me avoid disappointment due to overly high expectations.<br />I do still recommend it as an excellent story about one man's life.
6302158095|5.0|Fantasia(1940)really is Walt Disney's Masterpiece.It was the 3rd full-lengthed masterpiece.Swow White And The Seven Dwarfs(1938)and Pinocchio (1940) were the 2 1 hour masterpieces that came before it.The music,color and animation was great!I didn't say 'voices' because there was NOT any talking in it.The music was played by the Philladelphia Orchestra.I didn't see all the stories,I only saw the \\"Sorcerer's Apprentice\\" sequence.It was great.It featured Mickey Mouse.\\"The Sorcerer's Apprentice\\" was the only short in the movie that had Mickey Mouse.I would reccomend this for any magic lover.The total running time is 120 minutes.The Sorcerer's Apprentice's music was originally wrtten by Paul Dukas.Conducted  by Leopold (Luh-pold)Stowkowski.
0790731002|5.0|This third entry in the Batman franchise is a whole new different look for the Batman movie series.<br /> A lot of the darkness of the first two movies is gone and replaced with a lot more colorful almost circus-like style and the movie has a brighter feel to it but it maintains a lot of the spirit of the first two and is pretty good.<br /> In this one, Batman faces off against Two-Face and The Riddler as they build a huge empire to 'possess' the minds of Gotham's citizens by means of a bizarre machine.<br /> This is a really fun movie and I actually like the circus-like tone to it. I hated the follow-up &quot;Batman &amp; Robin&quot; which was a grave mistake and ruined Batman's image for a long time.<br /> While not on the level of the first two, this is satisfying enough to make it a keeper. The fourth Batman movie that came two years later in 1997 deserves to be taken out of print because it was terrible!!!!!!!<br /> Hooefully the fifth Batman movie due to be released in 2005 will bring everything back on track!
0790749815|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock's knack for suspense was never represented better than it was in 1959's \\"North By Northwest\\". With a strong cast, a sparkling script and possibly the greatest film sequence ivolving an airplane, this one is definitely a keeper.<br />Roger Thornhill (Cary Grant in his final Hitchcock movie)is a New York businessman with the most boring life in the world. That all changes when he is mistaken for a spy named George Kaplan and kidnapped bya much of gun - toting henchmen working for a delightfully devillish James Mason. He esacpes, and is soon framed for murder at the UN. He avoids the law by travelling cross - country on a train, during which he meets a sexy stranger (Eva Marie Saint). They soon decide to get to the bottom of what's going on. From nearly being killed by a cropduster to the sequence at the stitlt house those chilling final moments on Mount Rushmore, every moment keeps you on the edge of your seat.<br />Great dvd. Extras include making - of documentary, theatrical trailer, commentary by screenwriter Ernie Lehman, and a photo gallery.
B00005B4GU|5.0|The worst song on the album is undoubtedly Pull/Pulk Revolving Doors. Why it was even allowed onto the album, I don't know. Appart from this and some other moments, Amnesiac is frequently good, and offers some of the best of Radiohead. If Kid A's opener Everything In It's Right Place was a celebration of order and normality, then Packt Like Sardines... is somewhat irritated by it; &quot;After years of waiting/ nothing happens&quot;, &quot;I'm a reasonible man get off my case.&quot; It's ambient keyboards and glitch beat show that it could have been easily accepted onto Kid A. The other &quot;techno&quot; song from the album is Like Spinning Plates. The tack was recorded entirely backwards, and then reversed for the album version; the end result is moving, if not a little confusing.<BR>The two more traditional songs are in the center of the playlist; Knives Out and I Might Be Wrong. Knives Out is the more melodic of the two, with strangely cannabilistic lyrics; &quot;Put him in the pot...&quot; &quot;He's boiled and he's frozen.&quot; The guitar effect on I Might Be Wrong is similar to that on the Airbag bassline from OK Computer, though is more sinister. These two tracks could be the selling point for those fans of the more traditional Radiohead.<BR>The remaining tracks are, strangely enough, all piano driven, but in entirely different ways. Morning Bell/ Amnesiac is much different from the Kid A version, and better in different ways. Dropping the ambient keyboards and strong beat from the previous version, Morning Bell has, somewhere in there, a violin, an organ/piano and a choir. The &quot;cut the kids in half&quot; section is much more disturbing, and the chorus (if you could call it that) is strangely uplifting.<BR>You and Whose Army is muffled (by putting egg cartons over the mics) and slow until the band kicks in for the last minute.<BR>The piano on Pyramid Song is hard to pin down until Phil Selway's drum part kicks in. Supposedly about freedom Thom goes fromDante (black-eyed angels) to downright weird (astral Cars?).<BR>By far the strangest is Life In A Glasshouse. Previously an OK Computer-type stadium filler, Thom changed all that by ditching guitars and calling in Humphrey Lyttleton's jazz group.<BR>The end result is a 30's jazz piece about the celebrity lifestyle (someone's looking in the window.)<BR>Overall, Amnesiac isn't as cryptic as was made out to be.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|At least this film trilogy is over. Of course it never really was a trilogy. With all the multimedia subplots left out of the films the second film was just a waste of time ,computer rendering and human viewing. When they decided to bring back Agent Smith for another slugfest they jumped the shark for the first time. When they had him cross over to the &quot;real&quot; world they jumped yet another shark.<BR>This installment takes the bastardized logic of the original film to it's illogical seeming conclusion. Of course since the ending is ultimately  another jump the shark moment and a let down ,it offers a coda to set up the online interactive game. Which should please the fanboys and fangirls who'd just love another  infinite number of mindless slugfests instead of  plot resolution.
6305428425|4.0|In 1997, David Mirkin, in his big-screen directorial debut, directed the light-hearted comedy \\"Romy and Michele's High School Reunion\\", which was written originally as the play \\"The Ladies Room\\" by Robin Schiff (who was also one of the film's executive producers).  The story is about two ditzy blondes in their late 20's, Romy White (Mira Sorvino) and Michele Weinberger (Lisa Kudrow), who live together in Southern California and decide to attend their ten-year high school reunion in Tucson, Arizona.  Having little cash, the two manage to borrow a car to drive to Tucson, but become concerned about making a big impression on their former high school classmates.  They invent a story about them being businesswomen and inventors and reminisce about their high school days.  Throughout high school, Romy was infatuated with football star Billy Christianson (Vincent Ventresca), but he was dating the conceited Christy Masters (Julia Campbell).  Christy's friends included Cheryl (Mia Cottet), Kelly (Kristin Bauer) and Lisa Luder (Elaine Hendrix), who were otherwise known collectively as the \\"A-Group\\".  A nerdy guy named Sandy Frank (Alan Cumming) was infatuated with the then-back-brace-wearing Michelle, who wasn't particularly interested in him.  Then there were the other assorted high school personalities including the fast-talking & insensitive Heather Mooney (Janeane Garofalo), the maudlin Toby Walters (Camryn Manheim) and the shy nameless cowboy (Justin Theroux).<br />Though the plot and dialog are simple, the combination of the wonderful acting by Lisa Kudrow, Mira Sorvino, Janeane Garofalo and Julia Campbell, as well as the film's fantastic soundtrack, make \\"Romy and Michele's High School Reunion\\" a very entertaining comedy.  Songs in the film's mostly 1980's soundtrack include, but are not limited to, \\"Just A Girl\\" (by \\"No Doubt\\"), \\"Y.M.C.A.\\" (by \\"Village People\\"), \\"She Blinded Me With Science\\" (by Thomas Dolby), \\"Addicted To Love\\" (by Robert Palmer), \\"Whip It\\" (by \\"Devo), \\"Time After Time\\" (by Cindy Lauper), \\"Footloose\\" (by Kenny Loggins) and \\"Venus\\" (by Bananarama).  Memorable scenes include reminiscing about high school, Michelle at the thrift store, Romy with Ramon (Jacob Vargas), Romy & Michelle driving, the dream, reunion confrontations, the dance, leaving the reunion and the closing scenes.  Overall, I rate the light-hearted comedy \\"Romy and Michele's High School Reunion\\" with 4 out of 5 stars and highly recommend it to anyone that grew up in the 1980's.
B0000YB7Z8|5.0|This album is really an impressive catalog of great tull songs and great performances. The album was compiled on the 1978 European Tour. The album flows together brilliantly and I believe it's the best live album i've ever heard. Also, if you're looking for other great Tull, check out: Aqualung, Thick As A Brick, WarChild, Minstrel In The Gallery, Too Old To Rock and Roll...
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This is the worst movie i ever bought according to reviews from editorial amazon, the film budget is poor 4 million, revenues prove it and acting is terrible (also the filming) i will never buy according to editorial revue again cause they decieve u with nice wordings into buying (or they will be out of there jobs !!!)
B00005JMEW|4.0|When I saw this in a European theatre, I was shocked, appalled, and scarred. I expected, from the few trailers I saw (this film was advertised much on paper, little on television here in the Czech Republic) I expected it to be a Charlie's Angels-esque comedy/action film. Then a friend saw it and told me it was stupid, so I thought that is was a STUPID comedy/action film. When I went, I was proven wrong. While at the theater, I must confess I had to leave several times, as I am not accumstomed to nor was I prepared for this level of violence. But I kept coming back in after only a few minutes of missing the screen ( i could still hear the sound). I said to a friend that it was \\"a surrealistically dark gore-fest of macabre art forms\\" or somesuch and I stand by it. In the theaters, I thought it was a crime to make a movie such as this. BUT...after i left the theater and I began to replay it in my mind, I realized that this is one of the most artistically excellent films I have ever seen. Yes, it is bloody. Overly bloody. BUt I don't see it as distasteful, immature, or comedy. It's an artistic statement. Everything, the music, cinematography, special effects, were all an excercise in artistic ability. Torentino is beyond a shadow of a doubt one of the most brilliant artists I have ever seen at work, and this is the only one of his films I have seen thusfar. The anime sequence is appalling, but that's an artistic statement, mixng the innocense of cartoon animation with horrific violence. I know he's not the first to do it. But he has perfectly packaged a mixture of every artistic form I can imagine, except possibly for religious imagery, I don't remember. It's not a goth-art thing, but ALL other artforms are encompassed in this film (except for classical art). Anyway, I'm looking forward to seeing the second film. Torentino has earned my deep respect as a director and an artist. Brilliant man, with an understanding of the human mind's reaction to stimulus that in unsurpassed in this time.
B000000WA4|1.0|More Boring rock by the talentless fool who excels at sounding like a whiny Tottler.
B00005VWK3|5.0|This book left me speechless. There's not enough stars in the ratings for me to express to you just how great this book is. And the strange thing is, no matter in which branch of art you work, you'll feel as though Andrew Loomis wrote this book just for you.<br />If you're serious about your art, be you illustrator, comic book artist, animator, fashion designer, or even a games designer, you need to have this book in your library. The text and illustration work together to take you on an odyssey of discovery, a thousand and one techniques that will make your life easier, and your art so much better.<br />The original was printed in 1943 and has come to be recognised as the bible of figure artists. Although it's out of print now, you can still find a number of great condition reprints. Get one! Keep it by the drawing board and you'll never again be stuck on how to draw a figure, work with horizon lines, and place figures in space so that they relate perfectly to each other and their surroundings.<br />Ignore the price and get one ASAP. Don't eat for a couple of weeks if needs be, but acquire a copy of this book as soon as you find one.<br />I'm off to read mine now. You guys don't know what you're missing!
B000063DIH|5.0|This album is completely underrated and overllooked, the only lame songs on this album are childhood's end, and Fear Is The Key, and evend they are not as bad as anything on say.. The X Factor.<BR>So, In Conclusion avoid the Nay-sayers!!
B0000CABJ1|4.0|I thought I wouldn't get this one because it was just another greatest hits that I already had. But when i finally did get it I loved the new songs and the bonus disc that came with it. I had never heard the extended remix of &quot;This Time I Know It's For Real&quot; and I love that song. Now I love the remix even more! I also love the bonus songs and there remixes. Long live the Queen of Disco! Keep it up Donna and Keep us dancin!
B00004TDTO|5.0|What an awesome movie.  The music, the cinamatography, the acting, and the effects.  This film is a movie unlike no other.  It is not an all out horror film, not a all out drama, and not even an all out comedy, it's just &quot;Jaws.&quot; A fair adaption from Peter Benchley's terrifying best seller, Jaws was the first of the summer blockbusters, earning $100,000,000 at the box office.  Okay, the effects may not be Lord of the Rings worth, but let's face it, it was 1973.  Other movies previously before Jaws delivered the shock horror value without brilliant effects (example: The Exorcist, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre) The film is definately a cinematic classic, with a eye-popping opening, and a edge of your seat ending.  See this film!
B000068TPN|5.0|Just a quick comment.  I loved the movie, but rather than get into the specifics of that, I want to thank Mel Gibson for being a better American than many Americans (especially those in Hollywood).  For an Aussie, he has portrayed, in both The Patriot and We Were Soldiers, the spirit of the American patriot better than anyone else in recent memory, American or otherwise.  I wish we had more citizens with his morals and ideals.  God bless you, Mel.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|There were many epics released in 2003, Cold Mountain, Return of the King, and Big Fish, but none was more unexpected than the Romantic Comedy \\"Epic\\" Love Actually.  Set in charming merry old England at Christmas time, Love Actually, brought forth holiday chher like no other film in the holiday season.  You leave the theater, wanting to fall in love with someone.  The film brought together great British acting, which included Emma Thompson, Liam Neeson, Colin Firth, and OMG Keira Knightly. It all came together in a not so tiring 2 1/2 hours.  See it for a feel good time.
B0000VAFO0|1.0|&quot;BESTDEALDVD&quot; SELLER SELLS BOOTLEGS DO NOT BUY FROM HIM HIS NAME IS MARK JOLLY.
B0001AP12G|5.0|In an era where rappers don't talk about anything but riding on chrome and balling Kanye West is a breath of fresh air. Anyone who says Kanye's lyrics aren't tight obviously didn't take time to read them in the liner notes. Of course his delivery isn't that great but he's a producer what do you expect. I was a little skeptical at first but this definitely a classic. At the rate hip-hop is going it'll probably be one of the few truly good CDs released this year. When I hear music like this it makes me want to throw away all the No Limit and Cash Money Cds I bought in high school. As a matter of fact I think I'll do that right now...
B00005JMNA|3.0|When Katey Miller (Romala Garai)'s parents announce that they are moving the family to Havana, Cuba for her father's job, she is a little less than thrilled.  In fact, she refuses to even speak to her family for a few days, giving them the famous silent treatment.  What 18 year-old would be thrilled at having to leave behind their school, friends, and familiar surroundings to move to a country that is on the brink of a revolution?! <br />Bookish and shy A-student Katey arrives in Havana where her innate curiosity comes alive, as she becomes entranced by all the new sights and things around her.  She resolutely decides to try and make the best of her new home, and soon is pulled into life in Havana.  Although she is a bit quiet and standoffish to the other students at first (children of the \\"smart set\\": from the other well-to-do families staying at the Oceana Hotel), she soon catches the eye of one of the boys: her father's boss's son, James Phelps (Jonathan Jackson).  He becomes interested in her beauty and brains (as she \\"shows up\\" the other students in class), and begins to pursue her, while their mothers stand by encouraging.  One night as they are out on the town, Katey is completely put off by his snobbish manner and the way he looks down on the native Cubans and treats them like lowly servants.    <br />It is a local Cuban boy who works at the hotel, Javier Suarez (Diego Luna), who sparks her interest when by chance she happens to see him dancing in the streets of Havana. She is wide-eyed at the Latin steps, moving with a fluid rhythm and sensual grace like she has never seen anyone dance before.   <br />Katey soon tries to emulate the Latin influenced dance that she sees at the local nightclub, but without much success.  When it comes to the foxtrot, waltz, or other popular dances of the 1950's, Katey knows every step, but she knows nothing about Latin dance.  Patrick Swayze makes a cameo appearance in the film as a dance instructor at the Oceana Hotel: choice moments that the viewing audience went crazy over!  Katey's parents are retired Ballroom Dance Champions and are completely unaware of their daughter's growing rebellion, believing she is spending her days and nights out with the \\"parent-approved\\" James.  Instead, Katey is spending every moment she can with Javier: but he is about to show her that she knows nothing about moving her body to the beat of the music.  And as the revolution in Cuba swells on and their passion begins to grow...<br />Content: For those of you worried about taking your kids: There is some language: a few uses of the Lord's name and a few swear words, not too much.  There is some violence when the Cuban police break up a party and a few times where people brandish a gun and threaten others.  Scenes at a Havana nightclub: the dancing often shows the guy putting his hands all over his partner as they are dancing: very sensual and sexual.  There is some passionate kissing, and a scene that shows a \\"morning after\\" type scene, but there is nothing too graphic.  There is dance practice on the beach and in the water, a woman slapping another in the face, a guy giving his unwanted attentions to a girl (mostly kissing, it stops in time).  Be aware though, that the entire tone of the film is very sexual, and is all about moving your body to the Latin rhythm with your dance partner.    <br />From the great Latin music to the beautiful dancing, this film is worth the watch (although I would definitely not take any little ones along).  The love story between Katey and Javier is sweet and touching, and enough reason alone to give this film a go!
B0000TLA9G|5.0|This CD is worth the money!  I only have a copy of the &quot;Use Your Illusion I&quot; album.  I knew that sooner or later GNR would release a greatest hits compilation.  The band is one of the greatest and most popular from late 80s into the 90s.  Buy it, even if you do or don't have all the albums.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I was not familiar with Buffy or Angel when I first saw this show, and I was initially a little skeptical of its combined Western and Sci-fi elements. After seeing a couple of episodes out of order, I was interested but it wasn't until I watched the pilot, &quot;Serenity,&quot; and then started viewing the rest of the series in order that I realized what a terrific show this is! The dialogue is extremely witty, and it is very quotable and memorable. The characters are three-dimensional, and this certainly isn't a simple &quot;good guy vs. bad guy&quot; show. It is great entertainment, but it's interesting that people with very different political, religious, and general world views all seem to find something in this series that reflects their viewpoints. It stimulates intelligent thought and conversation, which is not something that can be said about a lot of TV shows. In short, it's funny, smart, interesting, and a definite 5+ star DVD. Start enjoying the Firefly 'verse today (there is even a movie forthcoming!).
B00005JMJ4|4.0|Unfortunately, the only way audiences seem to be satisfied with a picture they view is if every line and every scene is delivered to them via a baseball bat to the skull. Humor and emotions have to be so brutally transparent so as one can assume zero brain wave activity and still fully enjoy the movie.<BR>To those who gave this movie less than 3 stars, I pity you. Life must be dreadfully boring.<BR>I thought the cinematography, dialogue and acting were superb. I think it is an accomplishment when a movie can set a certain mood and be able to work within its parameters not searching for cheap thrills.<BR>There is wonderful chemistry between the characters and the humor, although not delivered by Bozo the clown, is found throughout. <BR>In short, I loved it.
B0000C1733|5.0|We all knew that because this album has the title the greatest hits on it it would have all the usual... eg under the bridge ands scar tissue... but personally i was suprised when i first saw the track list for this album... no cant stop and no areoplane... they seem to have forgotten the navarro years, which to be truthful works really well on this album... its nearly all an advertisement for fruscinate and it works... i can only fault a few thing like for example the lack for realised chili pepper songs like acnt stop and power to equality but it works because it shows a mellow side to the chili peppers... i am a bit dissapointed that they have not included anything from the first three albums ... but that is what 'what hits ?!' was for... the high points are the two new songs.... its an essential album
B00005JMSE|5.0|From visionary director Guillermo Del Toro (\\"Blade II\\", \\"Mimic\\", \\"The Devil's Backbone\\") comes \\"Hellboy\\", a supernatural action-adventure based on creator Mike Mignola's Dark Horse Comics series of the same name. \\"Hellboy\\" is one of the most original and most innovative comic-book films that's ever been put on the big screen since 2000's smash hit, \\"X-Men\\" and last year's mega-hit predecessor, \\"X2: X-Men United\\"! The direction of Guillermo Del Toro was outstanding! His best work since \\"Blade II\\"! The performances of Ron Perlman (\\"Blade II\\"), John Hurt (\\"Captain Corelli's Mandolin\\"), Selma Blair (\\"The Sweetest Thing\\"), Jeffrey Tambor (\\"Meet Joe Black\\"), Karel Roden (\\"15 Minutes\\"), and Rupert Evans, in his film debut, were nothing short of excellent!<br />The film focuses on the titled hero, Hellboy (Perlman), a tall, thickly muscled battler of evil, with skin as red as...well, the planet Mars. Years ago, at the end of World War II, Hellboy emerged as a baby demon and was saved from sinister forces by the benevolent Dr. Trevor \\"Broom\\" Bruttenholm (Hurt), who raised Hellboy to be a hero. Fast forward to the year 2004 (present day): Hellboy has spent the years in virtual lockdown at Dr. Broom's Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense (BPRD), where he's a prisoner of his mutant physique and -- on those occasions when he's allowed out -- his clandestine role as evil-basher. He still has his snapping tail, but he keeps his two thick horns shaved all the way down to his forehead; it's his way of trying to look ordinary -- and, more tellingly, of suppressing his demonic nature in order to do good. [In essence, Hellboy is the Hulk with rosier skin tones and the ability to talk -- at this point, a welcome quality in a magnum-lug superhero. He is also suited up for action in his leather trench coat and wields a colossal, stonelike right hand that might have been transplanted from the Thing in 'Fantastic Four'.]<br />In the midst of it all, Hellboy creates an unlikely family in Dr. Broom, the telepathic \\"Mer-Man\\" Abe Sapien (Doug Jones), and Liz Sherman (Blair), the woman Hellboy loves who can control and manipulate fire. Joining the team is young John Myers (Evans), who is recruited by Broom to become Hellboy's protector and caretaker. Hidden from society and the world that they love and protect (kind of relates to \\"X-Men\\"), Hellboy and the team must stop Rasputin (Roden), a sinister madman who seeks to reclaim Hellboy back to the Dark Side in order to use his powers to destroy mankind and bring Hell on Earth!<br />\\"Hellboy\\" has been directed, by Del Toro, with a colorfully kinetic visual imagination that almost never lets up. Del Toro, the former-art-house creep-meister turned megaplex fantasist, knows just how long to hold a shot of blood oozing through an ornate stone maze or ghouls flying through a ghostly museum so that we feel as if the sets or effects are serving the story rather than vice versa. He shows far more narrative finesse than was evident in such recent comic-book duds as \\"Daredevil\\", \\"The Hulk\\", and \\"The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen\\". Perlman, acting under all that makeup, gives a somewhat funny performance of gruff sympathy that, at moments comes close to wit. And Perlman is no stranger to donning creature makeup before, especially since he played a creature in 2002's \\"Star Trek: Nemesis\\" and starred on TV's 'Beauty and the Beast', alongside Linda Hamilton.<br />The Hellboy mythology is sprinkled with references to the Nazis, Rasputin, and other sinister forces of old. The film's most colorful bad guy is Kroenen, a former occult leader of the Third Reich who wears a metal plate on top of his disfigured face and whirls twin blades around with a zesty slash of finesse. He's supposed to be a spirit of malevolence ricocheting through the ages, but I just looked at him and thought, \\"It's Darth Vader meets Wolverine (with less personality than either one of them)\\".<br />In conclusion, \\"Hellboy\\" has it all: Action, suspense, a talented all-star cast, a great storyline, and explosive special effects that six-time Academy Award winner Rick Baker (\\"Star Wars: A New Hope\\", \\"Men in Black\\", Dr. Seuss' \\"How the Grinch Stole Christmas\\") and his acclaimed Cinovation Studios can provide us with! \\"Hellboy\\" is, without a doubt, a definite DVD must-have when it's released!pense, a talented all-star cast, a great storyline, and explosive special effects that six-time Academy Award winner Rick Baker (\\"Star Wars: A New Hope\\", \\"Men in Black\\", Dr. Seuss' \\"How the Grinch Stole Christmas\\") and his acclaimed Cinovation Studios can provide us with! \\"Hellboy\\" is, without a doubt, a definite DVD must-have when it's released!
B0001AP12G|5.0|Man Kanye west's cd is awesome.I didn't really think it was that great at first, as it has a lot of skits and some songs start kinda slow. But his beats are great, his lyrics are unbelievable, and he uses all his geust appearances well.&quot;breathe In Breathe Out&quot; gives luda a hook 2 get u in2 it, and jay-z comes in on &quot;never let u down&quot; and kills 2 verses to make that a definite highlight.Best tracks:<br />1.Breathe In Breathe Out<BR>2.Never Let U Down<BR>3.Slow Jamz<BR>4.All Falls Down<BR>5.Get Em High
B0001LJC2K|5.0|This is an astounding piece of work.  So many people have dropped radiohead comparisons, but to mindlessly draw this conclusion just because the music is in a similar genre is completely incorrect.  Radiohead is my favorite band of all time, however this album by Muse is a masterwork that is a completely original and architectually sound.  <br />Dissonance, unique chordal structures, and such a variety of instrumental variance catapults this album into the stratosphere of some of the greatest music I have ever heard.  I also happen to be a classical pianist, and as one reviewer already said, this band was obviously strongly influenced by Rachmaninoff and in my opinion Paganini as well.  Incredible musical architecture, punctuated at points by excellent lyrics, although this is not the best strength of the album.<br />Also, there is not one throw away track on this album.  I've heard that about a lot of albums, but there are maybe 4-5 I've ever heard in my life that it was completely true.<br />In short, this album will be considered by me as the absolute archetype for what great post-rock artists can achieve.
B00005RHGL|5.0|Well......here it is April of 2004...and I cannot believe that as much as I like westerns...that I am just now seeing Tombstone! (The one made with Kurt Russell and many more big names!)  I have most of John Wayne's best westerns, Clint Eastwood's...and I thought &quot;Palerider&quot;, was possibly the best western for years....and of course...John Wayne in El Dorado! However, Tombstone is Fantastic!! It just seems really so very real and the movie is very interesting in so many ways,..including the fact that it is set around a true story and gives you a bit of what actually happened to the main characters in their real lives...(at the end of the movie).<BR>It was just really great...and since I bought it about a week ago...I have watched it 5 times and am ready to watch it again!<BR>You are missing something if you don't take the time to watch this one, if you are a fan of westerns!! My wife went on-line and put in (&quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;), and up came several of the fine points of the real lives of the characters in this movie, including the fact that Wyatt Earp lived until 1929 and Josephine lived until 1944!!  I guess that just makes the movie seem so much more realistic!!  You cannot help but enjoy this movie if you are a true fan of westerns!!
B00005JKGZ|5.0|Director Vincente Minnelli's 1944 \\"Meet Me in St. Louis\\" in TECHNICOLOR starring his future wife, Judy Garland proved to be MGM's biggest box office hit ever and proved to the world the musical with Garland ruled.<br />Now co-operatively Warner Brothers Entertainment Inc., Turner Entertainment Co. and distrubuted by Warner Home Video Inc continues their fantastic Two-Disc Special Edition Series with the 60th Anniversary  Digital transfer from restored picture and audio elements of \\"Meet Me in St. Louis\\".  This is a must have DVD set!!!!<br />This all-star cast; Judy Garland, Margaret O'Brien, Mary Aster, Majorie Main, Tom Drake and Lucille Bremer lead this special intergrated story with a perfect mix of music.  The \\"Trolley Song\\" (Oscar nominated song - lost), and the infamous xmas song, \\"Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas\\". And of course the movie title song, \\"Meet Me in St. Louis\\".<br />This 2 - Disc set is loaded with everything about the movie, Judy Garland and the Dream makers of HOLLYWOOD.  Disc 1 - Has an Introduction by daughter Liza Minnelli The Feature film in gorgeous TECHNICOLOR in Standard Format and Dolby Digital Sound.  Audio Commentary by Judy Garland Biographer John Fricke with Margaret O'Brien, Composer Hugh Martin and Screen Writers Irving Brecher & Barbara Freed-Saltzman.  And finally a Vincente Minnelli Trailer Gallery including 8 of his movies.<BR>Disc 2 - 45 minute Making of Documentary hosted by Roddy McDowall. 60 minute MGM Studio Profile film \\"Hollywood: The Dream Factory\\" hosted by Dick Cavett.  A 45 minute 1966 \\"Meet Me in St. Louis\\" TV series Pilot starring Shelly Fabares, Celeste Holm & Rita Shaw.  35 minute Becoming Attraction: Judy Garland hosted by Robert Osborne (a brief history through her movie trailers).  1930 Vintage Vitaphone Musical short featuring a very young Judy with her sisters (The 3 Gumm Sisters).  Vintage Soundie \\"Skip to My Lou\\".  Deleted Song (an Oscar / Hammerstein) \\"Boys & Girls Like You & Me\\".  60 minute Lux Soap Radio Theatre 12/2/1946 Broadcast of \\"Meet Me in St. Louis\\" starring Garland, O'Brien and Drake. and Finally a 80 photo Stills Gallery.<br />This is a must have for the family DVD library.  See Judy Garland at her best and see why Hollywood gambled and won with her outstanding talent to act and sing flawlessly.  You'll love Judy Garland, this movie, the Smith Family and Margaret O'Brien (received a special minature Oscar award for her performance).  Enjoy!!!
B00012QM8G|2.0|Stephen Spielberg's moving, engrossing, masterpiece of the plight of Jews in WWII Germany is as engaging with each viewing as it was with the previous. Nothing short of harrowing, this brilliant epic simply cannot be compared with any other film, no one has ever made anything quite like it.<br /><br />The Black and White is a little disappointing, I understand Spielberg wanted to convey the feeling of news reel footage, that since that's how we are used to seeing the war that the film would seem more real to us this way. How seeing it in B&W makes it more reel I don't know, I think the more hyper-washed out colors of Saving Private Ryan worked better. However, I don't complain, the one color, red, on a little girls dress is used to get your attention and jerk your emotions, it works and it's the mark of a master film maker.<br /><br />Why then the crappy, two sided, DVD presentation with the gatefold cover that comes covered in glue from the \\"temporary\\" page inserted for retail browsing.<br /><br />Not only do they print the Side A / Side B tiny in the center ring, but you have to get up 2/3 through the film and eject and flip the thing. I have a disk changer so I don't have to do that.<br /><br />The surround sound mix is mostly pointless, the read speakers do almost nothing and real moments of harrowing danger are not heightened by the sound mix like the should be.<br /><br />Movie 5 stars<br />Disk 2 Stars<br />Picture 4 Stars<br />Sound 3 Stars<br />Packaging 1 Star
B000067CPX|5.0|Wow, I think this album demonstrates that these guys have really matured, so to speak, musically not only because it seems to have the widest range of appeal and emotional depth but also because, with the help of Frusciante's back-up vocals and some lovey-dove lyrics, Kiedis explores their so-called feminine side to the fullest singing songs like &quot;Dosed.&quot;  But it's the music itself rather than the lyrics that are their strong point, and the music is lush and colorful.  I love it.  My faves: &quot;Venice Queen&quot; and &quot;Dosed,&quot; but they're all good.
B00003CXAA|1.0|This crappy duplication of the original stock contains scratches, nicks, color washout and flickering, all problems that can be solved by frame by frame digitizing and restoration. They opted not to do one damn thing to create the lush, rich, colorful and remarkably sharp DVD experience, instead the quality is that of a brand new VHS on a good machine. As for sound, no DTS and the surround is nearly pointles, the shots of cars driving, rain, gun fights have no spatial or 3D sense. For nearly $25.00 per film we deserve more. Don't let hte fancy packaging fool you, after seeing what they can do with Star Wars or The Evil Dead I expected at least as much from this, at least the light flickering to be gone. I am gravely disapointed as I love these films.Five Star Films, 1 Star DVD's.<br /><br />For a year I yearned for the $69.99 box set. Finally, my birthday comes and my wife hands it to me. I have watched the faded VHS version for 15 years, I can't wait for this.<br /><br />I put in film one, play, I sit back, relax, my jaw drops.<br /><br />The logo is flickering. The light flickers that come from direct film transfer, the same ones on the VHS, that can be easily removed by digitizing. They're still there.<br /><br />The Color is washed out, the shading uneven, the picture quality wavers from sharp to soft, from high contrast to pastel colors.<br /><br />The surround sound does nothing. The scene where Sonny is shot to death  by a circle of Tommy Guns doesn't come from all corners of the room. The sub woofer is nearly flaccid.<br /><br />There are scratches in the film, nicks and pings.<br /><br />What is this? Why didn't they restore these masterpieces?<br /><br />I watch Indian Jones, Star Wars, even Mary Poppins!!! They are all perfect, restored, color-filled, balanced, free of scratches and pings, awesome surround sound.<br /><br />Why didn't they restore these films?<br /><br />Five Star Films, 1 Star DVD's.
B000002UYZ|4.0|I became a Beatles' fan rather late in life, relatively speaking, in part because my taste in music tends to veer to the classical/orchestral film score end rather than rock.  The fact that I was less than a year old when the Fab Four made their American TV debut in February 1964 and that I lived in South America from 1967 till 1972 also explains why I wasn't really exposed to The Beatles' music until the 1980s, by which time the group had split and John Lennon had been taken away by a madman's bullet.<br />My fascination with the \\"lads from Liverpool\\" began in my sophomore year at South Miami High, when a fellow journalism student took the time to write down the lyrics to Paul McCartney's ode to Julian Lennon (\\"Hey, Jude\\").  In chorus class I learned the lyrics to \\"Eleanor Rigby\\" (track 12 on disc 2), even though all my attempts to sing it as a solo were defeated by my vocal range.<br />But my case of Beatlemania grew even more acute when I heard another journalism student's cassette version of The Beatles: 1962-1966, also known as the Red package (for the color of the casing).  Starting with the early \\"innocent\\" love ditties \\"Love Me Do,\\" (track 1, CD 1) \\"I Want to Hold Your Hand,\\" (track 4, CD 1) and ending with The Beatles' only kids' song \\"Yellow Submarine,\\" (track 13, CD 2), the Red collection compiled 26 of the group's pre-Sgt. Pepper hits. (The Blue collection, The Beatles: 1967-1970, rounds out the rest of the Fab Four's eight-year run as one of the best rock 'n' roll groups ever.)  Listening to that cassette absolutely blew me away, and my friend generously made me a copy, which I wore out within 3 years.<br />In addition to the songs mentioned previously, some of my favorite Beatles hits stand out, especially the oft-played and oft-covered \\"Yesterday,\\" (track 13, CD 1) Paul's inspired ode to the sudden end of a love affair; \\"In My Life\\" (track 9, CD 2), another sentimental McCartney song, this time celebrating the love of his life; \\"Michelle\\" (track 8, CD 2), \\"And I Love Her\\" (track 9, CD 1); and John Lennon's caustic \\"You've Got to Hide Your Love Away\\" (track 2, CD 1).<br />Although this 26-song compilation is hardly the ultimate Beatles' collection -- even if you include the Blue package -- it is still a great way to either get a first taste of this groundbreaking British rock group or to have a convenient \\"Best of...\\" collection handy when you just want to hear their best-known songs without having to sift through all the albums in your extensive CD library.2), \\"And I Love Her\\" (track 9, CD 1); and John Lennon's caustic \\"You've Got to Hide Your Love Away\\" (track 2, CD 1).<br />Although this 26-song compilation is hardly the ultimate Beatles' collection -- even if you include the Blue package -- it is still a great way to either get a first taste of this groundbreaking British rock group or to have a convenient \\"Best of...\\" collection handy when you just want to hear their best-known songs without having to sift through all the albums in your extensive CD library.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|Eric has made another classic album.  I don't know what some want when they say his singing has no soul or that everything is just too slick in production.  I mean did we expect Eric to pull out a 4 track recorder, sit in his bedroom, and try to copy everything Johnson did?      This is a great album of one of the best artists of all-time covering his musical idol.  Eric made the songs more up to date, maybe a little more accessible, and he did what was not only true to himself, but what is true to Johnson's music.    All songs are excellent, but the absolute best are:  They're Red Hot, Stop Breakin' Down Blues, Travelin' Riverside Blues, Hell Hound On My Trail, Milkcow's Calf Blues, and Last Fair Deal Gone Down.  Eric's singing is excellent.  His voice brings out the emotions just fine, and well what can I say?  I love his voice.
0783239955|5.0|I laughed so hard while watching this movie. A man invites a stranger to dinner, who he believes to be an idiot, so he can entertain himself and laugh at the idiot. Little by little, the idiot ruins the intelliegent/rich mans life, and one is not sure who the real idiot is. This is the kind of movie that could be real bad, but the actors have perfect timing and all the jokes work. <br />One other comment- for those learning French. I have been buying movies made in France to improve my speaking and listening skills. This movie is excellent for learning French, the words are the ones I studied using the first 26 lessons of &quot;French in Action&quot;. Many of the common words begenners learn are repeated in this movie and are easy to understand.<br />The DVD is excellent. The colors are bright and rich and everything is crystal clear. I wish more DVD's had the same quality as this one.
1400049628|5.0|I could not put the book down the moment I read the first page. The black humor that Max Brooks incorporates in this twisted field manual for surviving an on slaught of the living dead to be worthy of a CIA manual for a third world country, or during the ethnic cleansing in the Baltic states during the Clinton administration.  Every small town motel room should have one in the night stand, right next to the King James Bible. This should also be included as a basic staple for every Marine field pack!
B0000A1HQP|5.0|I laughed so hard while watching this movie. A man invites a stranger to dinner, who he believes to be an idiot, so he can entertain himself and laugh at the idiot. Little by little, the idiot ruins the intelliegent/rich mans life, and one is not sure who the real idiot is. This is the kind of movie that could be real bad, but the actors have perfect timing and all the jokes work. <br />One other comment- for those learning French. I have been buying movies made in France to improve my speaking and listening skills. This movie is excellent for learning French, the words are the ones I studied using the first 26 lessons of &quot;French in Action&quot;. Many of the common words begenners learn are repeated in this movie and are easy to understand.<br />The DVD is excellent. The colors are bright and rich and everything is crystal clear. I wish more DVD's had the same quality as this one.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|The ending of a great story, I loved it. I  also loved the first two, its fun to imagine something like this story ever really happened, its cool for people to make movies like this one with awesome special efects, story and action, unlike many critics that have been &quot;ragin&quot; on all the matrix movies, just because you dont like them, that doesnt make the movies bad, if you dont like it dont watch it! I bought this DVD, along with two books &quot;He Never Called Again&quot;, and &quot;The Da Vinci Code&quot;.
B00009W0U4|5.0|Gosh... Where to start?<br /><br />First of all, there probably will be spoilers in this comment (I don't dare call it a review), so if you haven't seen the movie and intend to, you should probably look away. Or maybe not, if your intent is to prepare yourself to watch it.<br /><br />If you're reading this, then you've probably read most of the other comments so I won't offer any synopsis, you know what it's about in terms of storyline. However, NOTHING can prepare you for this emotional devastation that is Irreversible. It's a primal assault on the senses and emotions, unlike any other I've ever experienced. One word of advice: if you really want to try to get to the core of this work, watch it until the very end. Beware though: it is literally NOT for the faint of heart. And I don't mean queasy stomachs by that, although those sensitive in that area should also think thrice before deciding to watch this.<br /><br />The first quarter of the movie is an absolute abomination. The first twenty minutes are something that will probably stay in your mind for life. It is that barbaric and gruesome. I freely admit, I could watch only part of the murder that takes place in the club. I had to avert, even close, my eyes. And I had to lower the sound, completely, until the monstrous deed was done. This sequence is formidably potent, and has the power to make you feel literally close to panic. For the record, I've seen it all too, in terms of horror movies and the like, so I've seen much more than my fair share of gore ;-) Or at least I thought so. The \\"problem\\" is that it goes far beyond just gore on film. I don't think I can clearly depict here in mere words the why and how, the reason, regarding why it's so brutal, so raw a shock, but the fact is, it's a lightning bolt right into your cortex.<br /><br />Frankly speaking, the infamous rape scene coming some fifteen minutes after that is not nearly as traumatizing. Sure, it's atrocious, hard, viciously brutal. But honestly, what do you expect from a rape? Of course it's gonna be one the most despicable act that you'll see, no surprise here. I digress, but what did people expect of that scene before the scandals and controversy began? It's for sure what a rape should be: violently repulsive and merciless. However, except for a few seconds at the scene's end, it's nowhere near as primitive and graphically indescribable as the first -and only- murder in the film.<br /><br />All this being said, this work is THE most vibrant anti-violence statement I've ever seen put on film. There is no embellishment of any kind here, no stylish editing, smart cuts, slow motion... It shows violence -and all of it- only as it should be seen: repulsive to the extreme, blindly and uselessly destructive, utterly unable to resolve anything, and as the most terrifying dead-end that exists; indeed, having totally irreversible results. There is no coming back from such acts, no redemption either. Man just has to live with his obsession of being stronger than his neighbour, whatever it takes. It's also, let's admit it, a very cruel movie, in terms of its resolution -yes, the beginning of the movie as such, as the character of Pierre destroys the wrong man, and the rape's perp is not only alive and kicking, but apparently rejoicing at the sight of another act of terrifying violence. That, by the way, puts an end once and for all to all the ridiculous comments I've heard that the movie was a glorification of revenge. This is in total opposition to what really happens in this story, and on the screen. It's up there for everyone to see. The film is much too clever to try to deliver a lesson however, but it's obvious to anyone who watched it closely that Noe does not condone violence of any kind, but condemns it without appeal. He just gives a cold, harsh look at whatever is sleeping -or not- inside ALL of us. There is no clear cut, prefabricated opinion to have about the madness and rage these people dive in. This is part of the unease we feel as we watch... The characters are likeable, but blend. Anyone could be in their place.<br />The movie shows it as real as it gets, not only the violence of course, but in terms of witnessing plain, normal people who are going straight to hell because of uncontrollable circumstances. All it takes is nine minutes, and dark, nasty chance. All of this is not preachy, by the way, just the embryo of reflections I have from seeing this film a few days ago. I'm only beginning to feel good -no, strike that, NORMAL again just now. So this scribing is probably not very structured or coherent. ;-)<br />There's much to be said about the arresting camera work, the infernal soundtrack (the synthesizer drone during the club scene evokes a demented and anguished monochord lament), and mostly the quality of the acting -suffice to say that all the actors in the movie do a superb job of capturing truth.<br /><br />In the end, Irreversible is a most unique, if sobering, experience. A traumatizing experience, but ultimately a rewarding one, as there is good and beauty in the film too. It's quite a paradoxical feeling though, and starkly ironic; this beauty is all the more dramatic because as we are witness to it, we do know at the same time it's about to be irremediably destroyed soon. That's also why it's obvious the movie could only be edited as it is, telling the story backwards, comparisons with Memento be damned.<br />So finally, whether or not you'll be willing to pay quite a lot in terms of emotional cost to experience the power of this film is all the question.<br /><br />Good luck...The characters are likeable, but blend. Anyone could be in their place.  The movie shows it as real as it gets, not only the violence of course, but in terms of witnessing plain, normal people who are going straight to hell because of uncontrollable circumstances. All it takes is nine minutes, and dark, nasty chance. All of this is not preachy, by the way, just the embryo of reflections I have from seeing this film a few days ago. I'm only beginning to feel good -no, strike that, NORMAL again just now. So this scribing is probably not very structured or coherent. ;-)  There's much to be said about the arresting camera work, the infernal soundtrack (the synthesizer drone during the club scene evokes a demented and anguished monochord lament), and mostly the quality of the acting -suffice to say that all the actors in the movie do a superb job of capturing truth.    In the end, Irreversible is a most unique, if sobering, experience. A traumatizing experience, but ultimately a rewarding one, as there is good and beauty in the film too. It's quite a paradoxical feeling though, and starkly ironic; this beauty is all the more dramatic because as we are witness to it, we do know at the same time it's about to be irremediably destroyed soon. That's also why it's obvious the movie could only be edited as it is, telling the story backwards, comparisons with Memento be damned.  So finally, whether or not you'll be willing to pay quite a lot in terms of emotional cost to experience the power of this film is all the question.    Good luck...
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Of all the shows I've loved and lost (and trust me, that's quite a list) this was the loss that hit the hardest.  A tightly-crafted, well-acted and dazzlingly written show that never belittled or pandered to its audience, Firefly is simply put fifteen of the best hours of television ever made.  <br />Do yourself a favor and order this DVD set.  And to the other browncoats out there, keep flying, and I'll see you all at the movie.
B00006JJ51|5.0|NWA started gangsta rap, they have bumping beats by Dre and Yella and hardcore gangsta lyrics by Eazy Ren and Ice Cube. You gotta get this album here. It features the street anthem Straight Outta Compton and other dope tracks. NWA's best recording ever put together.
B0001GOH6Q|4.0|I found it exceedingly hard to give this film a rating, even those 4 stars i decided for i'm not absolutely certain about, it could easily have been a 3-star decision or a a 5-star even.<br />The reason for this is that \\"Big Fish\\" is a tricky proposition to make up your mind about. The fact that many reviewers either absolutely love it or found it tedious is attesting to that notion.<br />   While \\"Big Fish\\" is on the surface a film about a father in his dying days narrating the incredible and zany stories of his life and a son who tries to find out if these stories have any truth in them and simoultaneously learn who his father really was before he dies, there's quite many underlying and very significant questions and issues that this film deals with.<br />    To begin with, we as viewers never really find out with any certainty if these stories are indeed true, but instead we are \\"trained\\" through the course of the movie to think with father Gloom's mindset, that is:<BR>\\"it doesn't really matter if they are true, it only matters that they make a good story\\".<br />   And then just when you think that's all there is, you realise that this film is like an onion really as another layer reveals itself to you:<BR>\\"but isn't reality a matter of total subjectivity, and that what one person perceives as real the next person might think of as complete nonsense\\"?<br />   And yet who's to say what the answers \\"really\\" are? Big Fish walks , in my opinion, a very tight rope, and having to maintain a very precarious balance it does incredibly well.<br />    After the disaster of the \\"Planet of the Apes\\", Burton comes up in a domain where he does best: one between dream and reality where the borders are not only blurry but there might not be borders alltogether. It's all very \\"fortean\\" in concept, but Burton has proven in other films in his past that he can deal with this domain quite succesfully.<br />    Aside of the premise of the film (which again, will be perceived by a lotof viewers differently) this is a cinematic masterpiece as Burton brings to life the old school of grand-moviemaking to life.<br />    Alone the stunning depictions of the stories of father Gloom are cinema at its dreamy bestand this complimented by a cast headed by McGregor who ultimately finds a vehicle for the performance of his life make up for a not easy to forget film.<br />   The rest of the cast is up to par as well. Father Gloom played by Finney is a wonderful zesty character, as well as his wife played by a graciously aging J.Lange. De Vito and Buscemi, even in second leads, remind us easily why they belong to that league of premier actors.<br />   Sure enough, were this film to be taken literally, there are quite some plot holes, to name one example, why would a woman be so terribly in love with someone who was basically never there?<br />   But, this is exactly the trick here. Big Fish should not be judged on that merit. Burton himself has inserted not one, but many hints inside the dialogues of the film in that direction.<br />   Do see it. I'm not claiming it will change your life, but it will provide a lot of food for thought if you find a way to allow it to.
B00005MP58|5.0|I loved this movie, and never get tired of watching it. On bad days from work, It unwinds me... and makes me laugh. And, Colin Firth, need I say more, he makes the heart pitter patter. HE is 10 stars!!!
B0001I55OC|2.0|The plot holes in TIMELINE are monsterous.  To have sucessfully pulled off a filmed version of the highly entertaining CRICHTON novel, the final cut would've been four and a half hours long and budgeted at over a hundred mil.  A mountain of useful plot info was untapped making the movie confusing for the uninitiated, and unsatisfying for readers of the book.  Not a bad flick, but none too engaging either, TIMELINE is just kind of there.  Read the book instead- it's far more cinematic and thrilling than the film.
B00009TB5G|5.0|All  LOTR movies are a must for the DVD library ... and are forever movies..the extended versions... are the ONLY way to go...they are the best versions, and the stuff that is added is WONDERFUL!!!!
B00005Q66T|4.0|Madonna has the ability to release an album and have it go platnium almost instantly! Yeas, she's THAT good! I think people should invest more time into listening her songs and neglect all the controversies (though those very controversies made her a star) and examine the substance and great lyrics were songs provide. If I were to package the tracks, I would probably exclude some of her less memorable songs. In my opinion, &quot;Bedtime Story&quot; wasn't that great, and neither was &quot;Drowned World/Substitute for Love&quot;. She should have included &quot;better&quot; songs. But overall, GHV2 is very good and worth the money. Madonna always impresses her fans and harsh critics and proves that even though she's older than others in the pop industry, she's still in control.
1592400876|5.0|{This is trooly a grate book.&quot;I wish eye had it yeers ago.&quot; He said. I think I shood have finished... reeding it befour writing this gloweeng revyou/ I now have the confidense I need to be a righter miself?{
0375815260|5.0|I actually picked this book up to read for myself, but after reading the first chapter I thought it might be something my two girls who are 5 and 7 might be interested in as well.  \\"Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory\\" is one of the movies we own and love, and they were already familiar with all of the characters.  We sat down on the couch late this past Saturday afternoon and I began to read it to them.  After the first chapter I asked them if they wanted me to stop, and instead they begged for more.  I read another, and another, and another, and finally after the eighth chapter in a row I told them I had stop since it was time for them to go to bed.  They were very disappointed, and they made me promise I would read more of it for them the next day.  Believing it was just a ploy so that they could stay up later I didn't take it very seriously, but sure enough right the next morning they were up and had me start reading it to them right away.  They didn't even want to watch any early morning cartoons, or play on their Playstation II.  Before you knew it we had gotten through the first hundred pages in no time at all.  I've never seen them love a book so much.  The illustrations by Quentin Blake throughout the book, and especially right at the beginning, were wonderful.  They grabbed my kids imaginations and kept them long enough to get into the words.  Then once the story line kicked in they were hooked.<br />We loved all of the characters.  There's the eccentric candy making genius Willy Wonka who has locked himself away in his chocolate factory so that the other candy makers can no longer steal his inventions.  The gates are always locked, and nobody goes in and nobody comes out.  Mr. Wonka holds a contest, which seems to just be a promotion to generate sales, but Mr. Wonka also has an ulterior motive in mind.  Five golden ticket are hidden beneath the wrappers of different Wonka Candy bars, and the five lucky children that find these tickets will be given a life time supply of chocolate, as well as given a tour of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory along with their parents.  The five lucky children consist of the glutton Augustus Gloop, the little rich girl Veruca Salt who always gets what she wants since her parent's have spoiled her rotten, the gum chewing Violet Beaugarde, Mike Teavee who only wants to sit around all day watching television, and the last golden ticket of all is found by little Charlie Bucket.  Charlie Bucket is a poor noble good natured child who lives with his two parents and four grandparents in a dilapidated shack.  They all turn out to be dreamers who would rather spend their last dollar trying to win this contest even though they are starving, and should be spending their money more wisely on more nourishing food other than chocolate.  But they all love Charlie very much.  Grampa Joe is Charlie's favorite and he gets to go with Charlie to the factory.  He is 96 years old, but always becomes very energetic when he's with Charlie.<br />Nobody has ever seen Mr. Wonka's new employees who are called the Oompa-Loompas, so they are a big mystery.  They are a tribe of little men no bigger than your knee who love to sing and dance, and live off of cocoa beans.  After each bad child, and bad parent is removed, they like to sing a lovely moralistic little rhyme about what was wrong with the child and how it can still be corrected.<br />This book was written in 1964, and I see that since then many other candy makers have continued to borrow Mr. Wonka's ideas about candies and promotions.  The moralistic themes are also just as poignant now as they were then also.  One moral that still held relevance was that kids should still be taught to read rather spending all of their time watching television.  As you can see from above this can be made easier if there are other such lovely stories as this one to read to entertain them.  (...)life time supply of chocolate, as well as given a tour of Willy Wonka's Chocolate Factory along with their parents.  The five lucky children consist of the glutton Augustus Gloop, the little rich girl Veruca Salt who always gets what she wants since her parent's have spoiled her rotten, the gum chewing Violet Beaugarde, Mike Teavee who only wants to sit around all day watching television, and the last golden ticket of all is found by little Charlie Bucket.  Charlie Bucket is a poor noble good natured child who lives with his two parents and four grandparents in a dilapidated shack.  They all turn out to be dreamers who would rather spend their last dollar trying to win this contest even though they are starving, and should be spending their money more wisely on more nourishing food other than chocolate.  But they all love Charlie very much.  Grampa Joe is Charlie's favorite and he gets to go with Charlie to the factory.  He is 96 years old, but always becomes very energetic when he's with Charlie.  <br />Nobody has ever seen Mr. Wonka's new employees who are called the Oompa-Loompas, so they are a big mystery.  They are a tribe of little men no bigger than your knee who love to sing and dance, and live off of cocoa beans.  After each bad child, and bad parent is removed, they like to sing a lovely moralistic little rhyme about what was wrong with the child and how it can still be corrected.<br />This book was written in 1964, and I see that since then many other candy makers have continued to borrow Mr. Wonka's ideas about candies and promotions.  The moralistic themes are also just as poignant now as they were then also.  One moral that still held relevance was that kids should still be taught to read rather spending all of their time watching television.  As you can see from above this can be made easier if there are other such lovely stories as this one to read to entertain them.  (...)
B0001BKAEY|5.0|I admit I was one of the people who waited in line for hours to be one of the first to see it in the theaters.  Yes, I built this movie upto expectations that could never possibly be delivered.  My first viewing left me excited I watched it, but a little confused.  It wasn't until the next night ;D that I can honestly say this was my favorite in the trilogy.  Just as the original, the movie works on many different levels.  However, the wording can be cumbersome when trying to take it all in the first time.  I believe I spent the entire first viewing concentrating on what the &quot;true&quot; meaning of the movie is and wasn't able to truly enjoy it.<br />I'm not going to waste your time with a play by play on the film.  You can get a synopsis anywhere.  What I do want to say, is myself (an avid fan) and my fiance (a person dragged to the movie) liked the movie at least 10x better the second viewing.  This is a movie with limitless playability.  That in itself is difficult to find.  If you were unsure you like the film you're first viewing, I promise it will move up high in your ranks the second.  Hence, whether or not you thought this movie was the best thing since sliced bread, it should make it to your shelf.  After my 5th replay, this movie is aging like fine wine...
B000002WYT|1.0|A friend (was) of mine, kept ranting and raving about how good this CD was. So I took their advise ( last time) and bought this CD. What total garbage and a what a waste of my money! The title song &quot;crash&quot; is lame, I wish my CD player would of &quot;crashed&quot; so I wouldn't have to listen to the rest of this scheisse!!! As to the &quot;proudest monkey&quot; ( should be entitled &quot;Spanking the Monkey!) song, I think you could get a bunch of monkeys to sound better than this peice of you know what!Why are some of the worst songs the longest?!! As you can tell I am NO fan of Mr Matthews, but I did give it a try though. I would not recommend this trash to anyone unless I want to make an enemy out of someone. The only good thing about the CD? I made an excellent target for my K98 K Mauser!!!!!!!!!
B00002Z88D|5.0|The first thing you notice when you listen to S &amp; M is the abnormally great sound quality of the CD.  Most live stuff has such bad sound, but this sounds very clear, and you can hear everything from James' voice to the harp player way in the back!  Lars' drumming is amazing, and it comes through very loud on the CD.  Metallica chose a great setlist for the concert, with a lot of old school stuff, plus a lot of load/reload stuff.  They all sound GREAT with the symphony.  Call of Ktulu was meant to be played with the orchestra, and The Thing That Should Not Be doesn't sound as good on my MOP CD anymore without the symphony!  Bellz and Sad But True are also awesome with the symphony.  My favorite is either devil's dance or outlaw torn....or master of puppets.  They're all amazing and I would recommend it to anyone who enjoys good quality music.  Metallica is the best band, and this is another reason why!
0767817478|2.0|This version of the well known Godzilla story has one advantage over many of its predecessors; its special effects. Godzilla looks like a living creature as opposed to a puppet, and the look of the movie makes a lot of difference.<br />However, other than its digital Godzilla, this movie has little to recommend it. The characters are not especially likable; Nick Tatopolous (Matthew Broderick) is unrealistic as the scientist that saves the world; the love interest, Audrey, adds nothing to the movie. Other characters (the head of the army, the mayor of NYC, &quot;Animal&quot; the cameraman) are also badly cast, played, and/or written.<br />Perhaps the biggest failing of Godzilla, though, is its length. First Godzilla must be defeated; doing so takes at least an hour and a half. After which, Godzilla's hundreds of raptor like offspring must be blown up and lastly, the resurrected Godzilla must be destroyed once again. After each victory viewers are cheering for the end of the movie; twice they are let down before the movie finally, after over two and a half hours, comes to an unsatisfying close.<br />Filled with rain, explosions, lizards, and the destruction of NYC, Godzilla is a good flick for hard-core action fans who love the Great Green Reptile, aka Godzilla himself. But for the rest of us, its a poorly made take on an overused idea.
B0001AVZA8|5.0|This is a great movie starring the notorious Jack Nicholson and hilarious Diane Keaton. The plot is simple and has a similar flair to An Affair To Remember (Cary Grant and Deborah Kerr). Nicholson and Keaton are two older single socialites who try to avoid reality. Nicholson avoids it by dating younger women, and Keaton avoids it through writing plays. When Nicholson develops a heart condition, Keaton must tolerate taking care of him in her Hampton home. The two are oil and water, but they slowly begin to blend and find that they have more in common then they would ever admit. It's a cute movie about living in the moment. I'd recommend it to everyone! Absolutly FANTASTIC!!
B000068QY7|4.0|This album is Oasis's best since Morning Glory, and their second best album to date. The tracks rock like only Oasis can, and the fact that Noel agreed to let other band members write songs helped out, showing that Liam can do better than &quot;Little James.&quot; Hung in a Bad place is my pick for best track on the album, though - it's brilliant.<br />Buy this album and shove it down the throats of people who say that Oasis are no longer the kings of British rock!
B0000AXE8I|5.0|It was so great to see the same magnificent characters back in place and most certainly back in action.  This is a movie to experience; not just to watch.  Neo's purpose becomes more clear and the entire story takes on more breadth.  The fight scenes are literally out of this world.  The car chase was so spectacular that I couldn't even imagine how it was accomplished...luckily, the follow up on the second disk showed how the special effects were brought to life.  Not since Star Wars have I been so thoroughly entranced by a movie...and I'm not trying to compare the two trilogies because the Matrix is much, much, much better than Star Wars ever was!  If you loved the first installment of The Matrix, then you'll be compelled to see Reloaded.  Remember, too, that Reloaded was filmed along with the 3rd movie, Revolutions.  There is a continuity that makes the ending of Reloaded seem very abrupt.  I highly recommend that you get both Reloaded and Revolutions and enjoy the entire adventure without gap.
B000002U8G|5.0|this is without a doubt my favorite pink floyd album. this is the album where pink floyd finally found their sound. it's an actual album too, not a soundtrack, not a collection of experiments, not the psychadellic barret stuff. it's the most Dark Side sounding album of all their pre-Dark Side albums. quite different thematically though and far more diverse. it's a shame this album barely made a dent in the U.S. charts when it came out, but i guess that's what makes it a masterpiece and saved it from becoming overrated. it's less cynical than the albums that were to follow. instead of being thought provoking, the songs on this album are quite relaxing. this is also the reason why i'd recommend this album to non-Pink Floyd listeners as well as fans (die-hard, casual, or new comers) because it has their classic sound but is far less heady.<BR>aside from the ferocious album opener, &quot;One of these Days&quot;, the album has a very tranquil feel. &quot;One of these Days&quot; is classic floyd. the bass guitars are unsettling, the keyboards allude to an intrusive danger, gilmour's guitar sounds like a chainsaw, the percussion sounds like it's ready to knock you down, and mason's spoken vocal sounds both threatening and psychotic. a bit of a deceptive opener for an otherwise tranquil album.<BR>&quot;A Pillow of Winds&quot; is a lovely acoustic ballad. another song with the classic floyd sound, except prettier. <BR>Fearless is an inspirational song. it's interpolated with a crowd at a soccer game singing Roger&amp;Hammerstein's &quot;You'll Never Walk Alone.&quot; it's one of the best song's on the album, and probably one of Pink Floyd's best.<BR>the next two tracks are different. their both a bit weird for floyd. &quot;San Tropez&quot; is quite relaxing though. &quot;Seamus&quot; is weird blues with a dog whining. this song get's a bad rap and is the reason why some reviewers give this album 4 stars instead of 5. it's not an inconvenience and does not detract from the album at all. doesn't add to it really. it's not filler, it's just there. gets points because it's different.<BR>&quot;Echoes&quot; is the maritime epic. full of imagry and seagull sounds. Gilmour and Wright's vocal harmonies are gorgeous. it's another floyd classic. a 23 minute listening experience. <BR>that's a lot of thought for an album that only has six songs and is only 46 minutes in length. see it's not the quantity, but the quality that counts. you can have a double album full of downright crap, or a 6 song masterpiece like this. screw the white album and it's voluminous filler. buy this album. it's definatly worth it.
1401300901|5.0|Do you ever feel the need to cry, but aren't able to?  If so, this book is great for that purpose.  A husband, Gerry, dies at a very young age, leaving his wife, Holly, to face the rest of her life alone.  Before Gerry died, he sent his wife an envelope to be recieved after he is dead. The envelope contains 10 smaller envelopes with short messages written inside, one for each month of the year following his death.  Each note gives Holly some instructions on how to keep herself moving forward.  Most of the book is in real time- Holly dealing with the aftermath of Gerry's death, with some flashback scenes of Gerry preparing the notes.  These scenes are so tear-wrenchingly sad and sweet (but not sappy), all at once.  They really moved me.<br />I also liked the ending- not to give anything away- but I thought it was going to end with all the loose ends tied up, happy ending-like, which felt wrong for the story, but thankfully the book ended more as a beginning for Holly.
B0001LJCPC|5.0|Charlie Feathers, Johnny Cash AND Ennio Morricone??...HELL YEAH!
B00000099Y|5.0|I Dont Know if anybody came to see that Tool is one of the most influential bands out there , its just that thier music influences many people in such a different way than other bands there extrodinary music talents are incredible and my point is that Aenima is by far one of thier best albums to post a review about and i give it 5 out of 5 stars because this album out of all Tool albums has got me hooked to the spiritual release of the tunes thank you , and this is a must have album!!
B0001LJCPC|3.0|Being incredibly excited to see Volume 2 of Tarentino's epic love story, I rushed out this morning and bought the soundtrack.  I already own the first one, and it has become a favorite of mine, whereas this one doesn't seem quite as strong.<br />Tracks such as &quot;Summertime Killer&quot; and &quot;A Silhouette Of Doom&quot; (both of which are on seperate trailers for Volume 2) build a strong foundation, while &quot;Tu Mira&quot; and &quot;Malaguena Salerosa&quot; give you the unique guitar strumming mexicano style tunes that you'd expect to hear in a film set south of the border as opposed to the Samuri swordfights seen in Kill Bill.  Old time songs such as &quot;Can't Hardly Stand It&quot; and &quot;A Satisfied Man&quot; may remind you of your grandfather, and the spoken dialogues will have you climbing the walls with anticipation for the gore-tacular finale when The Bride does in fact Kill Bill.<br />All in all a good album, but it simply can't compete with the haunting &quot;Twisted Nerve,&quot; amazing Nancy Sinatra cover of &quot;Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down),&quot; sporatic &quot;Green Hornet&quot; or hypnotizing beat of &quot;Battle Without Honor Or Humanity&quot; from Volume 1.
B0000584V3|5.0|The Skinny: Moreso than any other metal band, Opeth fans tend to disagree over which CD is the finest by this four-piece progressive metal band.  This CD, in my opinion, is their masterpiece due to the blend of intense thrash (Blackwater Park, Leper Affinity) and acoustic mood pieces (Harvest).  Opeth flexes their entire range of musical talent on this masterpiece.<br />The whole CD builds to the angry finale &quot;Blackwater Park&quot; (which does not stop at being merely &quot;complex&quot; but showcases unpredicable transitions as well (The song kicks back from 5th gear to 2nd after one furious verse for an acoustic interlude)<br />Standout cut: The Drapery Falls - showcases the whole Opeth package with dramatic tempo shifts and amazing harmony.<br />If you like this CD, try: I tell friends that &quot;Blackwater Park&quot; is Metallica's &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; as far as incorporating musical complexity, but not just for the sake of being complex.  If you would like to begin listening to Opeth, start with Blackwater Park.  If you like their acoustic work, immediately purchase &quot;Damnation&quot; and &quot;Orchid.&quot;
B0000C1733|5.0|After first seeing the song selection on this album, I couldn't wait to get my hands on it. I'm a pretty recent fan of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, I only began listening to them junior year (last year), so, as per the recommendations of some of the reviewers here, I got \\"By the Way\\" and then worked my way backwards. I've been hooked ever since. My tastes still tend to lean towards their newer stuff (I guess most older fans are the opposite), but they are now, without a doubt, my favorite band of all time. <br />Every song on this CD is a knockout, even the newer, unreleased ones, though they may take a few listens to appreciate. Among my favorites are \\"Under the Bridge,\\" \\"Californication,\\" \\"Scar Tissue,\\" \\"Suck My Kiss,\\" \\"Parallel Universe,\\" \\"Breaking the Girl,\\" and \\"Higher Ground.\\" <br />A special note: \\"Soul to Squeeze.\\" This is quite possibly my favorite song of all time. I would've payed the $17 just for this song. When I first heard this, I had no idea how much I'd later come to love it. At first, it may not strike you as anything special, but pay special attention to the way the bass and percussion interact, then how smoothly the guitar and vocals blend and are spread over that foundation. Simply brilliant.<br />Do yourself a favor and buy this CD.
0440238609|4.0|This is written at a young adult level, but the theme is rather complex. They say this will be a movie, and it does at times remind one of the next Harry Potter. But I wonder how they will make a politically correct movie out of a trilogy whose central theme is the effort to destroy God and tear down the gates of Heaven, and whose ending involves young teens (13? or less..) evidently having sex. Its complexity and daring in both regards will have more meaning to adults than kids or teens. The first book in the trilogy (introducing Lyra's endearing character) is superb. The middle book (as middle books and movies often do...) lags a bit as the complexities of the plot are interwoven, but no conclusions or resolutions are reached. I think the first book is vastly superior to anything that follows, but perhaps the single best part of the entire series is the truly heartrending conclusion, as the heroes battle with their obligations and hearts. The conclusion, again, has overtones and layers that adults may appreciate more than kids. On the whole, the series is very well done, even if the plot complexities seem sometimes meandering, unexplained and/or often unnecessary (the Mulefa? Mary?).
0316666343|4.0|&quot;My name was Salmon, like the fish; first name, Susie. I was fourteen when I was murdered on December 6,1973...&quot;<br />We first meet Susie Salmon as she looks down at life on earth from her own heaven, a heaven where she can get anything she thinks about and desires, except to be back with the ones she loves most-her mom, dad, younger siblings and beloved dog. While walking home, one snowy day after school, Susie encounters a neighborhood friend, or so she thought. This &quot;friend&quot;, Mr. Harvey, took Susie to a secret hideout where he later brutally raped and murdered her. As she watches from heaven her mother loses hope and gets envolved in a new relationship to try and dull the pain from losing a child. Her father wont give up on finding the murderer and becomes obsessive with the whole thing.  This tears their marriage apart.While all this is happening Susie also watches kids at her school gossip about where she disappeared to.  She watches her murderer run and cover his tracks and looks after her younger sister and brother who seem to be having trouble defining &quot;gone&quot;. This is a great book that deals with grief, understanding, hope, and adjusting. I can relate to this book and I think anyone that has lost a loved one before could also relate, not only to the grieving family but also to an adjusting Susie.<br />This book is unique because it takes you through the &quot;afterlife&quot; of a teenage girl and you hear the thoughts she has.I recommend this book to those that are mature, it has very disturbing scenes throughout it, and it was hard to read it without feeling sad or disgusted.  On the other hand, it changed the way I look at things a bit. I realized that some things happen that are out of our control, and also that we should live our dreams not sit back and watch others live them. I think that this was the authors purpose in writing this sad but eyeopening novel, and she did it in an exciting way.
B000002P2V|4.0|As an answer to someone who said that Keith Moon was terrible and should not be considered the greatest drummer in the world...well...he might not be the &quot;Greatest.&quot;  But he's definetely on the list.  Keith Moon is an amazing drummer...unfortunately during the making of this album he was absent and then came in last and had two weeks to lay down his tracks.  Add to that, that he was addicted to heroine and an alcoholic.  (Which explains his overdose shortly after.)  So...understand that this is not his best work at all.  If your looking for a prime example of how good Keith is...check out Live at Leeds...on of the Who's best.  Anyways...this album is excellent.  But the Who have done better.  Sure the song Who Are You is probably one of the who's greatest songs...but the rest of the songs are just mediocre.  Sister Disco is fun...and Music Must Change (with Pete Townsend recording himself walking around a wood floor for a beat) is cool.  But a couple of songs don't make a great album.  Anyways...it's an absolute for Who fans...but for casual people...check out Live at Leeds, Quadrophenia, Sell-Out, Tommy, and Who's Next.
B00008IAMD|5.0|I'm new to Johnny and got turned on by Dawn of the Dead. This is the CD to get.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|After watching the Dawn of the Dead I was eager to hear more of Cash. His song was used at the start of the movie and fit perfectly with the opening. When I learned who was singing it really made me wonder about his other songs so I picked this up and Cash's Hurt and the video for it is amazing. His music should be combined with more horror films since his dark songs really work in that genre.
B0000C6E4D|3.0|Let me set the record straight (here I go again): I used to own (no longer) three of Sarah's albums, namely &quot;Fumbling...&quot;, &quot;Surfacing&quot; and &quot;Mirrorball&quot;. After a while not having heard any music from her, I figured I'd check this one out. I was sure that she must have evolved somehow. Well, I didn't find much evolution in her work. I can't say it was bad as some reviewers argue, but for the most part (perhaps with the exception of the closing track, which I was VERY impressed with) the album felt bland and as if it had been recorded five years ago: that is, it felt just like her previous works.<br />Overall, it lacked musical evolution which is unfortunate considering the time she was away from the studio, but it's the truth. Though I wouldn't say to stay away from it altogether (for example, I'd stick with Sarah a thousand times more than with Norah Jones), I don't think I'd recommend it either. There's way too much interesting music out there, that you just need to listen to if you feel Sarah Mclachlan is the best thing on earth. I leave you with a few such recommendations for you to try out. For some lesser known artists, try 'Lost in Translation' [SOUNDTRACK], Air's 'Talkie Walkie' and Jacqui Naylor. And if you are more inclined to sticking to the mainstream, listen to Nelly Furtado's or John Mayer's latest, or Maroon 5, for a change. All of these are people who are trying new things.
B00000E7Q6|3.0|This 1993 album is an ambitious project that does not come across as cohesive but contains some great songs. In overall sound, it reminds me of Young Americans but it is even more detached, like his plastic soul style carried to the extreme.<br />It opens with the semi-instrumental The Wedding, a beautiful lilting melody which is followed by You've Been Around, a song that doesn't go anywhere. The funky texture of I Feel Free makes it a worthy cover and the title track, a duet with Al B Sure, is quite engaging with its complex arrangement.<br />Jump They Say, Pallas Athena and Nite Flights, the Scott Walker cover, are all interesting but not really emotionally appealing. I like Miracle Goodnight with its rhythmic and vocal variety but the jazzy ballad Don't Let Me Down sounds unfocused and messy. Looking For Lester is a lively jazz instrumental and The Wedding Song is a vocal reprise of the stylish opening track.<br />The problem with Black Tie, White Noise, is that although pleasant to listen to, the music does not remain with you for long. With a few exceptions like the two Wedding Songs, the songs are not memorable. I recommend this album only to hardcore fans or Bowie completists.
B0000DZ3EA|3.0|I'm a hige Peter Gabriel fan and I own virtually everything he has out so getting this album wasn't high on my list because there wasn't much that is new.  Now that I have it and have listened to it I'm a little disappointed.  Not by the music itself but by what is included.  I think I can sum this up by comparing this collection to the Bruce Springsteen collection released about the same time.  Bruce's collection was three discs, two of hits and one of rarities and live performances.  With two discs there was plenty of space to cover all the hits and then some.  That is what I found was missing on Peter's Hit were some singles like &quot;The Barry Williams Show&quot; while other songs from that album were included.  All in all it is a great collection, just not as complete as I would prefer.
B00005JN0A|4.0|Eurotrip is brought to us by the same people who brought us Road Trip and Old School, and it's not hard to tell.  Loaded with some predictable gags, ethnic stereotypes, and situations that could never ever happen in the real world; Eurotrip still manages to be the funniest film to be released yet this year.  High school graduate Scotty (Scott Mechlowicz) takes off to Europe after being dumped by his girlfriend in search of an obscenely hot German girl who he thought was a guy.  Along with him are three of his friends: Cooper (Jacob Pitts, who closey emulates a young David Spade, both physically and comically), Jamie (Travis Wester), and Jenny (Buffy the Vampire Slayer's Michelle Trachtenberg); all of whom travel from France to Amsterdam (naturally) and all over Europe getting into all kinds of mishaps.  While Eurotrip occasionally borderlines on stupidity, you won't be able to help yourself from laughing.  Featuring hilarious cameos from Matt Damon, Smallville's Kristin Kreuk, Lucy Lawless, and the always great Vinnie Jones.
B00003CXWV|5.0|An excellent piece of Depp cinema, the film itself is very catching.  Certainly worth the time and money to acquire.
0920668372|1.0|Um, gross? This book was not cute nor was it heart warming. It was slimy, creepy and just seemed wrong. I understand what the author was trying to make the audience see/feel. Really I do. But it in my opinon, got way exaggerated and over the top. A woman sings to her infant baby and rocks him to sleep every night. How cute. But she continues to do this into his teenage years where she then CRAWLS into his room on all fours in the darkness and either stares at him for God only knows how long, or takes it a step further by slithering into his bed and rocking him to sleep. As if that isnt bad enough, when the son is a 30 something year old man living in his own home, mommy dearest drives across town in the middle of the night with a ladder tied to her car. She then puts the ladder against the house and climbs up into her adult son's bedroom through the window and once again climbs into bed and rocks him in her arms. Then the tables turn when mother is ill and can no longer stalk her \\"baby boy\\" So then he visits his mother and holds HER on HIS lap and cradles her and sings to her. Then he goes home and picks up his infant daughter and sings that same song to her. Nooo the nightmare continues!! Honestly, at this point I dont care what Robert Munsch's intentions were. It was poorly executed and left me feeling yucky. This mother had some serious \\"letting go\\" issues and the son maybe was more of a wacko for allowing his mother to do this to him nightly. I know that childrens books are more about metaphors and are not to be taken literally.  Its possible that my adult mind is too cynical to appreciate this book, but I see that I am not alone in feeling this way. The sweet and potentially endearing message was just blurred by the disturbing, obsessive, creepy tale of mother and son.    If there are people who disagree with the creepy factor of the book thats fine. But still, its not a good book for children. I think its rather dark and is probably unpleasant for young children to have to think of the demise of their parents one day right before bed time. All people who read this who enjoyed it said it tugged at their heart strings and makes them weep every time. Do children really need to feel that kind of sadness or see their parents weeping everytime this story is read to them? No they dont. Read them goodnight moon or something. Skip this for sure. Death is a fact of life, but its not something that a 2-7 years old should have to worry about (since that is the age group that this book is supposed to appeal to) The message of unconditional love is so much better expressed in so many other childrens books. This one is just unsettling and wrong. The message that I got from this was less \\"I'll love you forever\\" and more \\"It's okay to stalk the ones you love\\" It's subliminally teaching kids to become clingy,dependent,desperate and creepy adults. Okay, thats a bit fetched, but so what? So was this book.    Skim through the reviews. There is barely any middle ground. People either LOVE it or HATE it. I apparently hated it because I could not get past the undeniable creepy factor. I guarantee that if this book was turned into a movie, less people would find it heart warming and charming. It would probably fall under the \\"horror\\" genre rather than \\"family entertainment\\" Maybe then more people would understand why so many of us are utterly turned off by this story.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|Although the songs do tend to run together, the album is great. I love &quot;I F------g Hate You&quot;. It's my workday anthem. I listen to the whole cd from beginning to end without pressing the next track button.
B00005JMX4|5.0|Before The Girl Next Door (GND) came out, I was sitting watching previews saying to myself \\"I really hope this isn't just another gross out, teen comedy like American Pie.\\"  Now, don't get me wrong with American Pie.  I loved the series, but it's been done too many times and it's tired.  So, naturally before I saw this I ha to check out the reviews.  Let's just say I was pleasantly surprised at it being called sweet and romantic.<br />Well, the day finally came that I was going to see it.  In the past few months the reviews I read are either completely opposite or dead on in a bad way.  Not this time my friends!  As a guy, of course I didn't find it sweet or romantic, but I wasn't like the other ogres in the theater that hooted and hollered every time a girl came on-screen with little or nothing on either.  What i found really interesting and original about GND was that it did in thirty minutes what other romantic comedies take the entire two hours to accomplish yet at the same time gets you to like and care for the two lead characters, Matt and Danielle (Athena).  Also, another interesting aspect is the boy loses girl, boy gets girl back scenario embelished on.  In GND it's made into boy loses girl, boy gets girl, girl helps boy get stolen money back by helping him with a porn direction scam on prom night.<br />The thing that surprised me most is that the female lead, played by the lovely and talented Elisha Cuthbert of 24, isn't really all that exposed to the camera if you catch what I mean.  That's another thing I liked about it was that it avoided being overly raunchy like American Pie but it rather made you laugh or made you want to yell \\"Just kiss her!\\" at the screen.  That is what made this movie such a big surprise.<br />To some it all up, I'll just say I left GND with my mind totally elated because this movie made me so happy.  I saw it again for the second time two days later and it made me even happier watching it again.  It takes turns you may or may not see coming without being too predictable.  Of course you're going to guess certain plot points, but that's what makes the movie going experience so enjoyable.  It's wondering if you're right or not in your prediction.  This is the first film of the year that I actually liked.  Correction...  I loved it!  it's amazing!  Don't just take my word for it, go see it for yourself.ot see coming without being too predictable.  Of course you're going to guess certain plot points, but that's what makes the movie going experience so enjoyable.  It's wondering if you're right or not in your prediction.  This is the first film of the year that I actually liked.  Correction...  I loved it!  it's amazing!  Don't just take my word for it, go see it for yourself.
0399236201|4.0|Stormbreaker is the most thrilling book Ive ever read. Anthony Horowitz wrote an amazing book about 14 year old, Alex Rider becomming a British spy.<br />       Anthony Horowitz wrote a great book taking place in England. The time setting in 2001, in a town called Port Tallon. I think that any person who like James Bond would love Stormbreaker. I recommend that you read Stormbreaker because it is action packed and filled with intense moments in the book.<br />       Alex Rider's adventures starts when he gets a house call at three in the mourning. He soon finds out his uncle is dead. His uncle is said to have died in a car crash shen the plolice say he wasn't wearing a seatbelt. Although, Alex knows his uncle doesnt' start the car with out putting his seatbelt on. When Alex gets blackmailed by the British government to save the world, he soon finds himeself being a spy for the British Government. All in all, this is a great book it has lost of action and emotion. If you like thrillers this book well thrill you.
B000099T2L|2.0|Stale songs, bad beats, uninspired lyrics, and just an overall boring feeling. I used to like pop, until I discovered rock. Hearing instruments and lyrics that aren't always about love gives you alot more to appreciate than hearing somebody with a crooning voice singing love songs overtop of synthesizers and processed beats. I gotta admit, some songs are a little infectious though, Crazy In Love is good, Naughty Girl and Baby Boy are mediocre, but besides that this is pretty damn bad. For good pop musicians who write every song, play their instruments and cover many lyrical topics try: Maroon 5, Outkast, Good Charlotte or Blink-182.
B000002BHE|5.0|I know that's a pretty heffy claim but thats what she does. She was introduced to us with that gifted voice in the late eighties beginning to the early nineties and today in a world of manufactured pop, here lies a diamond that forever illumintes the world with her presence and glorious voice.  To me this is her best \\"WRITTEN\\" album where she puts her stamp on every song and you feel your soul melting in her voice because she is singing directly to you.  The last song on the album touch my heart because it's a song that she help wrote with her producer and its in dedication to her niece who died in her arms.  You listen to this song and you will succumb to the realization why Celine is who she is.  A humble and caring singer who continues to surpass her own expectations. A MUST HAVE    FROM start to finish you will be amazed, I literally have all her albums and I have NEVER been dissappointed with any of them.  A artist who cd is always worth buying because you get more than what you pay for .  JUST SIMPLY--- PRICELESS    Favorite that u will enjoy  1) Fly--a Song for thr soulI  2)It's all come back to ME*****  3) Falling in You****  4)All By Myself****  5) Make YOu happy--love this song-this song cheers you up in time of despair****  6)All By Myself*****  7)Seduces Me****  8)If thats What it Takes****  9)I don't Know*****  10)Declaration of Love****  11) Call the Man****
0782008119|5.0|this is my favorite film.if your a nirvana, soundgarden, or pearl jam, i highly recomend this movie. for the nirvana fans, theres a clip of the first preformance of 'teen spirit' with alt lyrics. for the soundgarden fans, theres a whole big scene where it shows the process of setting up a show while one of their songs is playing in the backround. for pearl jam fans, theres an interview with eddie veddar, but no live stuff. aside from the bands who made it, it focus much on all the bands that didnt and stayed indie. those bands (ie: the gits, monomen, coffin break, supersuckers, etc) are way better than the three above. great humor  from the interviewee's. this is an excellent movie, so go rent it or buy it, and enjoy it.
B0001LJCPC|3.0|Well, I listened to this album twice, so I wouldnt feel biased while writing this review. Yes, Quentin Tarantino is a genius at movie soundtracks--but this aint one of them.  Maybe because the movie isnt out yet and I have no idea how each track is woven into the scene or because Vol.1's track listing is much more likable. This album just doesnt excite me, like Vol. 1 does.  If I never heard Vol. 1 and only Vol. 2, I probably still wouldnt have liked this. However, some great standout tracks here are &quot;Il Tramonto&quot;, &quot;Can't Hardly Stand It&quot;, &quot;The Chase&quot; and &quot;Urami Bushi&quot;--this track is rolling during credits of Vol. 1 I believe, and it didnt make the cut for that. But overall this effort is not as fluid as Vol. 1's diversity and that's how the cookie crumbles.
B00005YXZH|5.0|People who think this album is horrible because it isn't nice and clean are the same type of people who thought Van Goes couldn't paint because his brush strokes were sloppy.
B000069HK2|5.0|A great album that will leave u in a rock out mood for the next 12 hours after listening to. Blends hard rock with emo and a couple a great ballads. Overall a well put together album front to back, I cant wait for the next release...<br />Maybe Memories- 8/10 Great opener with lots of screaming and emotion. Ive heard it was about the lead singer Bert's past drug addiction. Great bridge towards the end.<br />A Taste of Ink- 10/10 This song was the perfect first single. Not as much screaming as a lot of the other songs, but still kicks some major ass. You gotta love this one.<br />Bullimic- 9/10 This song is awesome Im starting to like it more and more. The chorus is exceptional and once again another song with a great bridge.<br />Say Days Ago- 7/10 One of the few ones i tend to skip over sometimes. Still a good song but doesnt bring to the plate what the others do. Not bad though.<br />Poetic Trajedy- 10/10 I first heard this song on the movie Grind and I instantly loved it. Great lyrics with an awesome beat, one of the best on the album.<br />Buried Myself Alive- 10/10 My personal fav on the album. The chorus is just insane! &quot;I guess Its Ok I Puked the Day Away&quot;! Ya gotta love that lyric. Its a rocker with great lyrics also. Total sweetness.<br />Box Full of Sharp Objects- 9/10 This song will grow on you, atleast it did for me. lots of screamin, heaviest on the album. Goes by fast so youll probably play it over and over.<br />Blue and Yellow- 10/10 Probably my seconf favorite on the album. Its the ballad of the cd, and the chorus is incredible. Ive heard that they made a video for it and i cant wait to see it.<br />Greener With Scenery- 9/10 I like this song quite a bit, another one that grows on ya. Starts out kinda weird but blends together great. Good song overall.<br />Noise and Kisses- 9/10 Starts out great with the opening guitar riff and will leave you rockin out. Good lyrics.<br />On My Own- 10/10 Another ballad on the cd this one is short and great. Aquistic guitar fits nicely with some more great lyrics(see a pattern).<br />Pieces Mended- 9/10 A great closer with some very sweet guitar work. About 5 min after song is some bonus footage and an extra song thats crazy chaos.<br />Pick this album up and go see them live. A band youll definetly wanna keep your eyes out for their softmore release.
1577311523|2.0|While i generally sorta like the whole NOW ideology about not wasting each second and embracing the present moment, it makes me wonder why should i take this whole book as is. What prevents me from doing that is the fact that he spent two years hanging around the park sitting on the bench and stuff like that...it creeps me out!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Start to finish OK COMPUTER will keep you hooked one song at a time. From the fast paced opener &quot;Airbag&quot; to the tripped out sounds of &quot;No suprises&quot;, this band pulls out all the stops on this album. Another track &quot;Karma Police&quot; is a deep dark sounding song with mid tempo beat and a wonderful meaning. What makes radiohead so great is that they also can make a light uplifting song as well, &quot;Let Down&quot; remains to be one of their best. So let the album speak for itself and give it a try.
B00006879E|3.0|I prefer &quot;The Sun&quot;, &quot;Sunday Morning and &quot;Secret&quot; to the two singles &quot;Harder to Breathe and &quot;This Love&quot;.  Their sound is sometimes refreshingly different but sometimes bargain bin 70's arena rock bland.  The live cut is a case in point as are &quot;Through With you&quot; and &quot;Sweetest goodbye&quot;.  These guys definitely saved the worst for last.
B00009W0WM|5.0|A film by Michael Curtiz<br />The American Film Institute ranked Casablanca as the second greatest movie of all time behind Citizen Kane.  I would tend to agree with Casablanca as the #2 movie of all time (I just disagree on #1).  This is a movie that is not only an excellent film, but also one which has entered the consciousness of a nation so much that many people only know that some lines are famous and that perhaps they came from Casablanca.  Lines like Heres looking at you, kid, All the gin joints in all the towns in the world and she has to walk into mine, and I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship are legendary.  So is the line that was not even said in the movie play it again, Sam (in this case there are a couple variations said in the movie, the closest being play it once more, Sam).  Besides the famous dialogue, though, this is simply a fine movie and is an example of excellence in filmmaking.<br />The story is set in Casablanca, in French Morocco.  It is 1941 and the world is in the midst of World War II.  With such a grand background, this is a very simple story.  Much of the film takes place at Ricks, a caf&eacute; that lets its patrons forget for a moment that the war is going on.  The patrons can forget until the Nazis chase a runaway to Casablanca and execute him on the streets.  Another runaway is traced to Ricks and while this could turn to a serious drama, it instead turns the film into a great romance and even a comedy with graceful touches.  The success of this depends entirely on the characters and the actors playing the parts.  Rick Blaine (Humphrey Bogart) is the owner of Ricks, and he is completely (as far as we can tell) apolitical.  He is just looking out for himself and his caf&eacute; and he isnt too worried about what happens to anyone else.  But Rick is smooth and likeable, so this does not bother us too much.  In walks Victor Laszlo (Paul Henreid), the very man the Nazis are looking for.  With Laszlo comes Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman).  When Rick says the famous like about all the gins joints in all the towns in the worldhe is talking about Ilsa.  To put it mildly, they have a past.<br />To say more would spoil the joy in this movie, but I fear that I have not said enough and it is nearly impossible to capture the heart and grace of this movie in words written more than 60 years after it was first released.  I also have not mentioned Captain Renault (Claude Rains), one of the great characters in film history, even more so than Rick or Ilsa.  I truly believe that this is one of the greatest movies of all time, and that being the case I am not sure how to adequately describe this great film.  Suffice it to say that from the acting, to the script, to the actors, to the direction, and cinematography, I find it exceedingly difficult to find a flaw through this movie.  It is just as vibrant a picture as it was 60 years ago when it was Oscars Best Picture in 1942.man the Nazis are looking for.  With Laszlo comes Ilsa (Ingrid Bergman).  When Rick says the famous like about all the gins joints in all the towns in the worldhe is talking about Ilsa.  To put it mildly, they have a past.  <br />To say more would spoil the joy in this movie, but I fear that I have not said enough and it is nearly impossible to capture the heart and grace of this movie in words written more than 60 years after it was first released.  I also have not mentioned Captain Renault (Claude Rains), one of the great characters in film history, even more so than Rick or Ilsa.  I truly believe that this is one of the greatest movies of all time, and that being the case I am not sure how to adequately describe this great film.  Suffice it to say that from the acting, to the script, to the actors, to the direction, and cinematography, I find it exceedingly difficult to find a flaw through this movie.  It is just as vibrant a picture as it was 60 years ago when it was Oscars Best Picture in 1942.
0451450523|2.0|I remember watching the movie, the original by Rankin/Bass many many years ago, and fell in love with it.  Here I am, 28 years old, and just read the book.  This is one case where I think the movie was better.<br />A lot of people compare this particular story to Tolkien. But I have to be honest and say, it is far from his works.  Granted it is an interesting story, original.  But I found it to be a little boring.  It has interesting fantasy, and a great villan (love the bull).  But I couldn't help but be slightly bored with the slow travel, and encounters, and very few climactic scenes (or battles).  It has it's moments, surely, but it isn't all it's cracked up to be.  People make this book sound like it's the next gospel.  But I found it to be creative, yet simple, and even though it's fairly small book (which was surprising) it took a while to get through it. And I found some areas difficult to understand, and had to re-read a few paragraphs to understand exactly what was happening.<br />Nevertheless I'm glad I read it.  It isn't horrible, it's just been glamourized a little too much.  Check out the movie, I think it's actually better.
B000005RYQ|5.0|The Police were undisputably the best band of the early 1980s: they were critically acclaimed, they scored huge hits on both the radio and MTV, and they made simply fantastic music that stands out from the pack of 80s excess. Not only that, but lead man/bassist Sting also went on to have a successful solo career after the band disbanded.<BR>When a Police song comes on the air, you can tell right away who it is: the mix of reggae and rock, with lyrics that mean something stands out sharply from they typical songs released in the early years of 80s. With their disbanding in 1984, they symbolically pased the torch to Irish band U2, who released &quot;The Unforgettable Fire&quot; that year, and followed with &quot;The Joshua Tree&quot; three years later.<BR>Everyone knows these songs, and because there's 16 on this album as opposed to 14 on the &quot;Classics&quot; CD, this is a much better buy if you're willing to depart with an extra few dollars. I've said it once, and I'll say it again: they were the best band of the 80s (maybe excepting the Smiths and Stone Roses). Get this collection today and see why.
B000089CG8|5.0|At last, a digital recording of \\"Romeo and Juliet\\" to stand alongside the great analog accounts by Andre Previn and Lorin Maazel.  I would have no problem recommending this new one by Vladimir Ashkenazy, for the sound is absolutely state-of-the-art, with fine detail within a pleasing hall ambience.<br />Although I rate this with 5 stars, it is not the last word, as far as I am concerned, for both Previn and Maazel speak volumns on their respective recordings.  Ashkenazy is actually closer to Previn in choice of speeds, even using slower tempi in some dances when compared to Previn.  Maazel wins the speed race, and his sound brings to mind microphones on each music stand.  With Ashkenazy, the brass, especially the trombones and horns, seem to move in and out within the orchestral structure, and I would love to have heard more gutsy trombone entries in some of the duelling music.  Previn is my choice in the passionate romantic music, for Ashkenazy's interpretations in this area are a little too square for my taste, although he delivers an exquisite Epilogue.  The street music has never sounded so vivacious.  The Royal Philharmonic is a bit better than their two competitors in the discipline department, though not by much.<br />All three of these recordings do justice to the dramatic moments in the score, and each, in its own way, should be in most collections.  There is absolutely no reason to pass on this fine recording, especally if digital sound is a must.
1594200106|4.0|When eleven-year-old Daniel Sempere awakens early one morning, screaming, because he has suddenly forgotten the face of his deceased mother, his devoted father comforts him.  As dawn breaks, Daniel's father, a bookseller, takes him on his first visit to the Cemetery of Forgotten Books, a secret, maze-like library which preserves books &quot;no longer remembered by anyone, books that are lost in time.&quot;  Each person who visits must adopt a book, guaranteeing that it will never disappear, and when Daniel sees The Shadow of the Wind, he knows it &quot;had been waiting for me there for years, probably since before I was born.&quot;  Captivated by this book by Julian Carax, Daniel tries to find out more about its mysterious author and locate additional novels, but he discovers that some other unknown seeker is also searching for Carax's books--in order to burn them.<br />Lovers of the Gothic romance will be handsomely rewarded by the action-filled plot, as a sensitive and loving young boy comes of age while trying to unravel the mysteries associated with the elusive Julian Carax.  A ghostly apparition in the misty lamplight, a faceless man who seems to have an inordinate interest in Daniel, a sadistic police inspector, and an incarnation of the devil himself all materialize as Daniel begins his search for information about Carax.  Heavy, sensual imagery creates a sense of foreboding, while night-time mists, storms, and winter cold add atmosphere to sensational scenes and coincidences.  A mysterious photograph, letters which go astray, false identities, an abandoned mansion with a sobbing ghost, a matricide, an evil stepfather, thwarted love, mysterious disappearances, revenge which never dies, and murder most foul all complicate the action.  The evil characters are truly villainous, Daniel and his father are truly virtuous, and the women whom Daniel and Julian Carax love are pure and true of heart.<br />Though the novel offers a good escape, it is almost six hundred pages long.  Extensive background information for virtually all the characters (and even a house) gives more information than the reader really needs, and many scenes could be compressed.  Occasionally, the mood is broken by mild profanity and bathroom humor.  This romance does achieve more relevance than some others, however, by being directly connected to the world of books, with a setting that reflects the political climate of Spain after the Civil War and World War II.  The characters are memorable, if relatively uncomplicated, and the parallels between Daniel's coming-of-age and the story of Julian Carax offer some sense of universality to this otherwise sensational melodrama.  Mary Whippled pages long.  Extensive background information for virtually all the characters (and even a house) gives more information than the reader really needs, and many scenes could be compressed.  Occasionally, the mood is broken by mild profanity and bathroom humor.  This romance does achieve more relevance than some others, however, by being directly connected to the world of books, with a setting that reflects the political climate of Spain after the Civil War and World War II.  The characters are memorable, if relatively uncomplicated, and the parallels between Daniel's coming-of-age and the story of Julian Carax offer some sense of universality to this otherwise sensational melodrama.  Mary Whipple
B0000029LG|4.0|CD1 speaks for itself, you all know the story.<br />CD2 is half brilliant, half crap.<br />GOOD SONGS:<BR>Scream<BR>Stranger In Moscow<BR>Earth Song<BR>Come Together<BR>You Are Not Alone<BR>Childhood<BR>2Bad<BR>Little Suzie<br />BAD SONGS:<BR>They Don't Care About Us<BR>This Time Around<BR>Tabloid Junkie<BR>D.S.<BR>Smile<BR>Money<BR>HIStory<br />I Am a huge fan of the king of pop, but his eccentricity gets too much on some of the songs.  he needs to sit down with some folk and decide which songs make the album and which don't.  Dangerous, HIStory, Blood On The Dancefloor and Invincible all clock in at over 75 minutes which is way too long for an album.<BR>Off the Wall, Thriller, and Bad which are easily his best 3 albums are all killer and no filler, and are all less than 50 minutes long.<br />QUALITY not QUANTITY<BR>ALL KILLER and NO FILLER<BR>only then will MJ reclaim his rightly deserved throne
B000066NW0|1.0|avril is old evanescence is new and better! i dont really like avril alot anymore, i mean some but not alot. i heard from one of my friends that she found where avril said something bad about the ramones and avril said she dont like her fans!! that's what made me not be a fan of her anymore!!!! avril is not really wanting to be a singer, she's just a poser most people call her that and it's true! well my advice dont buy her albums. thankyou for reading my review.
B00004SZWD|5.0|if you want an in-depth review, read everything everybody else has to say.  i just wanted to say that EVERY song on this album is FANTASTIC, EXCEPT black man. man, i can't stand that song and can't believe it got put next to all the other beautiful songs on this album.<BR>despite this, the fact that there are SO MANY other good songs means 5 stars
B00008WG3U|3.0|Well I'm a HUGE fan of all NOFX's music, but the War on Errorism is a big disappointment. Fat Mike used to write such awesome snotty, humorous and sometimes even dark punk songs. But now the humor seems forced, see &quot;She's Nubs&quot;. It sounds like an Adam Sandler tune. WOE is also a very diverse CD, with punk songs, ska songs, and all that good stuff, but for a much better diverse NOFX album, check out Heavy Petting Zoo. The War on Errorism does carry an important message though, and it's to vote Dubya out of office, and you can get more of Fat Mike's opinion on that on the enhanced part of the CD. <br />The best tracks on this CD are Irrationality of Rationality, Idiots Are Taking Over, We Got Two Jealous Agains, and Re-gaining Unconciousness.<br />War on Errorism alot of times didn't stay true to the traditional NOFX style. The guitars sound different, and the songs often sound the same. But it isn't totally bad, and only hardcore NOFX fans should own it, but for anyone else I would suggest any or all of the following albums by NOFX: <br />Ribbed<BR>White Trash Two Heebs and a Bean <BR>Punk in Drublic<BR>So Long and Thanks for All the Shoes<br />Don't forget to check out the Rock Against Bush tour also put together by NOFX frontman (Fat) Mike Burkett.<br />-Seth
0312995423|1.0|You could see the plot twists coming from a mile away. I'll admit that it was fairly interesting, but not very plausible. This is the first book from Dan Brown I have read. But, if this is any indication of his capabilities, I believe he will be getting a pass from me. I found his characters to be shallowly developed and predictable. Your mileage however may vary.
B0001AP12G|5.0|If you really want to listen a rap cd that doesn't sputter redundant crap like having the best cars and the most women, listen to this Kanye West.  The biggest problem with rap/hip hop music is that for the last 10 f**king years the music is devining the musicians instead the other way around.  No offense to jay-z, but west is probably the most talented rapper on the roc.  Kanye west doesn't have the strength to revolutionize the game yet, but this is a nice start to build it up.  In his song &quot;We don't care&quot; he offers a explanation in a simplistic way of how his people act.  The entire song is a humourous, showing one of many west's talents on this cd.  In the song &quot;all falls down&quot; he talks about being subconscious and effects of materialism on society, especially the african american woman.  He basically asks why are we so addicted to what other people think?  I would compare kanye west's philosphical approach to outkast's creativity.....the best in game.  buy this cd, it's worth 15 bucks.
B00006RCSU|1.0|This 1990's version of the great play is very, very bad.  I did not like DiCaprio as Romeo and the Shakespearean language seems so out of place for a 1990s setting.  Avoid it.
B0001ENY6M|4.0|Had I not seen the film, I'd have listened to this soundtrack as just another &quot;new age&quot; compilation, great for popping into the stereo while relaxing at home.  Upon seeing the film, however, the music took on a whole other dimension.  Quite moving and surreal, the songs will take you back to the scenes in the film, and on trackS #8 and #13 I found myself weeping.  Controversies aside, you can't miss this theatre experience, but if you do, get the soundtrack to at least lose yourself in the intense feelings behind the story.
0393312836|3.0|'A Clockwork Orange' is an interesting book that has become a classic for the wrong reasons.  First, it is a classic because the film is so famous.  Second, it is not a classic because of what the book is trying to say, but a classic because of the grotesque material in the story.  Personally, I didn't think it was that great, but one should read it for curiosity.
B00008OLYN|4.0|It's the Heaviest SLOW Metal Band I've heard.<BR>For sure buying a couple more of Opeths CDs. <BR>Specially after reading that this is their weakest or softest Release. <BR>None the less, being a Porcupine Tree fan &amp; quite old (50 Years, for this generation).<BR> I'm impressed and loving Opeth. <BR>The more I listen to this; the more INTENSE it becomes (regardless of the acoustic dominance), incredible musicianship.<br />Patience is &quot;Acquiring the Taste&quot; (from a Gentle Giant).<br /> Keep it up Boys   NICE WORK <br /> Just 4 Stars till I hear the other CDs.
B00000K2W1|5.0|this cd cuts straight to the heart. No one wails it like Janis.<BR>great for those rainy days.
B00004T9UH|5.0|I have heard Em's Show.  I've heard a bunch of his other songs, and these are his best.  This is the track listing ( I birned my own CD after downloading off iTunes, so my track listings are different, since I took some songs off):<BR>1. Kill You:  Great track, kinda hard to hear what he's saying, but great. 10/10<BR>2. Stan: Best song ever. 10/10<BR>3. Paul: waste of space<BR>4. Who Knew? Cool track, 8/10<BR>5. Steve: Funniest skit ever! 10/10<BR>6. The Way I Am: Awsome track 10/10<BR>7. The Real Slim  Shady: Funny! 10/10!<BR>8. Remember Me: I listened to about the first two minutes of this song, and turned it off. 2/10<BR>9. I'm Back: Havn't listened to this yet<BR>10. Marshell Mathers:  Great! 10/10<BR>11. Ken:  I'd rather not talk about this track<BR>12. Drug Ballad: Great, 10/10<BR>13. Under the Influence:  Good track 7.5/10<BR>14. B**** Please 2: Cool song, 9/10<BR>15. The Kids: Funny, and great! 10/10<BR>16. Amityville: Interesting track, 8.5/10<BR>17. Criminal: Amazing song, 10/10!<BR>And, my little bonus, on my CD only:<BR>18. Sing for the Moment (I had extra space, so I stuck it on there) 10/10<BR>Overall, great CD.  My favorite Eminem CD so far
B00008BXJ6|5.0|this cd is my personal favorite ACDC cd. Every song drips with refreshing rock. <BR>Just listen to the first track and your hooked.<br />one warning: You WILL speed while listening to this cd (or any ACDC cd for that matter)- so be carefull!
B0000084J7|5.0|Remember Talk Talk from the eighties? Lead singer Mark Hollis returns in the present with an astounding array of ear candy for the open minded adventurist. With his mesmerizing vocal eccentricities MH delivers the goods in an esoterical gathering of pieces which well deserve the title &quot;art&quot; as well as music. Breathtaking instrumentation paints the background with haunting jazzlike percussion and percision that sweeps in and out of the tranquil landscapes directly and subliminally. The upright bass does justice to wind instruments from glass harmonica to flutes to the clarinet. Distinct subtle piano dances here and there as MH purposely   starts, and then haults, his barely distinguishable rising and lowering vocal delivery of delightfully elusive lyrics throughout each arrangement.<br />Definitely a wonderful departure from the pop/hiphop humdrum that fills the airwaves of modern radio and teenage music television shrinkwrapped for the mindless masses that suck it up and soak it in like drones of zombie clones.<br />Strings are perfectly subdued in a number of pieces and one can almost drift into MHs' train of thought practically unnoticed. Interesting is the use of the tamborine as the main beat in many of the tracks with the drums taking the back seat. Mazzy Star comes to mind when hearing that strong tamborine leading the path into the depths of the transpiring vision that was obviously his direct intention.<br />Mellow music? Perhaps, but look for moments of intensity that seem to come out of nowhere as the notes dart from sharp to flat when MHs' voice dissapears at precisely the exact moment that the volume of music increases.<BR>Smart, emotional, content indeed.<br />Overall, a splendid album that will not lose it's appeal after many listens like most cd's do with time.  -d-
B00003CXA4|5.0|&quot;Gandhi&quot;, starring Ben Kingsley, is a wonderful journey through the life and times of civil rights leader Mahatma Gandhi.  In 1982, it earned nine Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Director.  The hardword spent on this project is rare for cinema.  The twenty years spent on production paid off greatly.  Director Richard Attenborough led the cast and crew wonderfully to complete one of the greatest films within the last thirty years.  This has been rightfully hailed by many critics as one of the Top 100 Greatest Films of all time.<br />The plot is brilliant.  It wonderfully desplicts the life and times of this unbelievable man.  The previous heavy research is obvious as they wrote according to Gandhi's words.  It accurately desplicts Gandhi's beliefs, morals, and struggles.  The chain of events leading to India's independence stay intact.  It also wonderfully educates audiences about the wars and the fight for equal rights.  The emotional value stays at its top throughout the entire three-hour film.  Such difficult task couldn't have been accomplished better.  Every word forces audiences to feel every characters' turmoil and struggle.  <br />The environment accurately desplicts early 1900's India.  The elaborate surroundings could lead audiences to mistake it for real-life living.  The beauty and the ugliness are created wonderfully by make-up.  They amazingly make Ben Kingsey almost resemble the real-life Mahatma Gandhi, regardless of desplicted age.  The characters' aging processes and the fighting aftermaths are brilliantly crafted.  The wardrobes accurately desplict the styles of the times and of what Ghandi wore.  They amazingly maintained this through every character...an estimated 300,000 people.<br />Ben Kinsley won an Oscar for Best Actor for his portrayal of Mahatma Gandhi.  His own emotional value shows greatly throughout the film, namely loss, hunger, struggle, and victimization.  His actions and speech patterns accurately desplict that ofthe actual ones.  He amazingly maintained his character throught the ages.  Therefore, it's not just the resemblence that makes Kingley so amazing as an actor.  All other actors also perform their roles wonderfully: Martin Sheen, Candice Bergen, and others.<br />&quot;Gandhi&quot; is great for those looking for a great quality film.  This is sure to continue pleasing audiences as it has since its release.  This is rightfully destined to be a classic in the upcoming years.
0671034065|5.0|Mr.Perfect is a wonderful book. i particularly enjoyed linda howard's sense of humour and the unexpected twist in the story. she has probably created one of the most endearing couples in romantic fiction.
B0001AP12G|5.0|This dude can rap people be like he aint 2 Pac duh there will never be another 2 Pac but with Jay-Z retireing he is taking over he will hold the rap throne till his next Cd and even when he retires. <br />My top 5.<BR>1)We dont care<BR>2)All Falls Down<BR>3)Never Let Me Down<BR>4)Breathe In Breathe Out<BR>5)Family Business
B00011F5DK|5.0|The game of Blokus is highly addictive! We have had more fun with this game. Everyone we have played with just loves it.We are all so determined to win the next round that we play all night long!<br />For fun we have even tried to make a solid square or rectangle with the pieces, just laying them on the table.It can be done,with 1 space left over.Try it,you'll drive yourself crazy!<br />Blokus, get one today!
B0000C9V3T|5.0|The movie is good, but the soundtrack is terrific outstanding! The carefulness and cleverness to use of various songs and music for this movie are truly amazing. This soundtrack drives audiences to the right mood, the right tone, and the right atmosphere. It really takes you to immerse into the story, to feel the atmosphere, and to sample the bride's feelings. Like the song &quot;Bang Bang (My baby shut me down)&quot; sets you up the exact tone of the bride's sadness. And the &quot;Twisted Nerve&quot; builds an anchor into the audience mind. Whenever hearing whispering, you will think of the nurse coming to kill the Bride in the hospital. Other songs and music like &quot;Run Fay Run&quot;, &quot;Green Hornet&quot;, &quot;Battle Without Honor or Humanity&quot;, and &quot;Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood&quot; vividly lead you to the peak of your emotion along with the fighting scenes in the movie. Last but not least, the Japanese song &quot;The Flower Carnage&quot; sadly ends the life of O-Ren who got killed by the Bride in the Crazy-88 battle. <br />I haven't seen such a real outstanding soundtrack for a long while. This is a no doubt FIVE-STAR TWO-THUMBS-UP quality. Besides the music, the soundtrack CD comes with couple bonus video clips from the Kill Bill vol.1 movie as well. Overall, highly recommend!
B000002JSP|5.0|No, not laughing at the album, just the fact that there is someone so ill informed about music and Led Zeppelin that they would rate this recording with one star.  Just go back to the forgettable music by the forgettable bands that you currently listen to.<br />As for In Through the Out Door, although it wasn't the Band's best (that's a tall order), it is better than anything being released today. I'm Gonna Crawl and Fool in the Rain are great.<BR>5-stars, easily.
B0001LJCPC|3.0|Couldn't wait for the movie to come out, I want to sample the vol.2 soundtrack at first hand. Without watching the movie, this soundtrack seems abit disappointed if comparing to the first one --- Kill Bill Vol.1. Firstly, the obvious thing is the varieties of the songs & music in this soundtrack are great but none of them are actually able to drive the audiences to a certain level of feeling, emotion, tone, and atmosphere. Most of them are quite slow and mid pace. None are especially impressive. Secondly, it contains too much talking tracks from the Bride and particularly Bill. Thirdly, unlike the previous soundtrack (Kill Bill vol.1), this vol.2 CD soundtrack does not come with any bonus freebies such as movie clips or trailers.<br />Overall, I feel disappointed but still recommend buying if you are one of the true fan of the Kill Bill series. Otherwise, go watching the movie, then decide.
B000002JSN|5.0|Another awesome release by Led Zeppelin. Kashmir, Bron-Yur-Ar, Trampled Underfoot...it doesn't get much better than this. 5-stars.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I highly recomend this show to anyone who likes good TV.  It is a shame that fox cancelled this show it is the best.  It is hilarious and meaningful at the same time.  I think this is Joss's best show.
B000002UB3|3.0|After a hint on the White Album with While My Guitar Gently Weeps, George Harrison saves Abbey Road from John Lennon's minimal participation and Paul McCartney's lightweight songwriting with two of his best songs: Here Comes the Sun and Something. While those can't save album the album, they are each worth a star.<br />The best album of 1969? Not even close.  Led Zep released two records in 1969 that were better, and were already leading music in a new direction as the Beatles were fading out.
0345440757|1.0|New borns should NOT be put on a sleeping/feeding schedule, as this book suggests.  Many babies are being admitted to the emergency room for dehydration, because parents are following this advice and let their babies oversleep and postpone feeding.  New borns cannot wake themselves all the time, thus miss important meals.  I understand the publisher will not print this book again.
B0000A0DXA|1.0|If i could give this a 0 i would,  i'm not even going to review in full as everyone else has already done so.<br />All you need to know is that it is just a ripp off with old footage from the 1st movie.<br />DO NOT PURCHASE.
B00004Y6NP|5.0|This is the first DS albulm I have ever listened to, and in the end I ended up swiping it from my father. Besides from taking me back to my childhood, the music in Brothers in Arms has always brought me a sense of meaning. Kind of like it belongs in the background of a movie, adding depth and feeling to the scene. All the tracks grow better over time, especially the poignant power in The Mans Too Strong and the title track. The only track that Im not too fond off is Your Latest Trick and that could be because it feels to me like it doesnt fit in with the rest of the albulm  or that i dont like the sax very much..but still a classic edition to a classic albulm that any DS, or music fan in general, should experience.<BR>AND i know that everyone is entitilled to an opinion. BUT WHEN I SEE REVIEWS FROM IGNORANT FRED DURST FANS, i cant help but cringe at the fact that the youth of today have no idea what real songwriting and guitar playing is (and i should know, im 22!) I figure, if u have no interest in a certain genre of music, DON'T GO BLASTING THE ALBULMS OF THAT GENRE!!!!!!! You dont see me reviewing the pitiful cover of &quot;behind blue eyes&quot; on the Fred Durst page.....yet.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This series is by far, one of the best accounts of World War II that I have ever seen. As everyone else has stated, it is probably so good and realistic, because the events, the people, and the action actually occurred some 60 years ago.<br />This movie exemplifies the attention to detail that is evident in other Steven Speilberg movies. It is interesting that Speilberg chose to produce the film version of the book. Private Ryan, from &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; belonged to the 101st ABN Division, which is the unit that is chronicled in the movie. <br />I felt that the interviews that were shown at the beginning of each episode helped to humanize the events that occurred. I felt that it was amazing that anybody could survive the horrific events that the men of Easy Co survived, let alone live 60 years to talk about it.
B0001HAHXW|1.0|Well, God may not be dead, but he seems to be ailing. This record seems to have little to do with Robert Johnson other than the lyrics of the songs. I have been listening to and playing (professionally) Robert's music for 25 years. I can hear no connection between these recordings and Robert's at  all. <br />I loved EC's 'From the Cradle'; classic Chicago blues songs with Clapton's stamp on them, but maintaining a healthy respect for the elements that made those songs great in the first place. In contrast, this record seems to have been formulaically conceived and executed from the gitgo, great lyrics over merely adeqate performances of hackneyed Chicago blues grooves.<br />If you're gonna make a record of Robert Johnson songs, either stay close to the original or (as Clapton has done in the past) take'em way out ('Steady-Rollin' Man'on '461 Ocean Blvd.', for example). Either approach is a testament to the timelessness and strength of the material. This record, however, trivializes the significance of Johnson's influence. I you wanna hear these songs done in a soulful fashion check out Robert Lockwood, John Hammond or hey, just buy the Robert Johnson set!
B00003CXXM|3.0|Jason Bourne wakes up on a fishing boat in the middle of the Mediterranean sea with two bullets in his back and no idea of who he is or how he got there. Sounds pretty much like an average Sunday morning to me...<br />He then goes on to discover he can beat up policemen with impunity, scale walls and pick up hot chicks at will. I guess that's where our paths diverge...<br />The Bourne Identity is a diverting if somewhat insubstantial thriller. It has the power to shock and, yes, thrill the first time around, but repeated viewings add nothing, except for a bewildering sense of how amazing technology is and how poor secret agents are at using it. Bourne relies on miraculous escape after miraculous escape and gets by on chance, fortitude and circumstance. Certainly doesn't reinforce one's faith in the \\"intelligence agencies\\".  The plot is nicely played and well acted and the car chase bits are good, as is the tension between the main characters, but the love story that grows out of that is unbelievable and diverts from the main theme of the movie -<br />\\"Matt Damon can kick butt too!\\"
B0001HAHXW|5.0|I read all the reviews for this CD and am amused at the reviews given by our 1-* reviewers.  The same individuals who are blasting EC for straying away from &quot;the original&quot; would have blasted him for not sounding like &quot;the original&quot; had he chosen to do a &quot;solo&quot; album that many of the 1-*'s have suggested.<br />I loved this album and recommend it without hesitation to anyone interested in finding out the endless possibilities that EC possesses.  Some have said that this album is trash because they don't hear the &quot;fire&quot; in EC's guitar playing on the album.  The songs on this album did not require &quot;blazing guitar solos&quot;.  EC hasn't lost his touch on the guitar. Folks who doubt this should check the Concert for George and the 70th Birthday Bash for John Mayall.<br />EC took RJ's music and put his own stamp on it.  And guess what?  The music sounds wonderful.
B00005JMKI|5.0|Wow, it's hard to know where to start on this movie without giving the whole thing away!  I guess in reviews (as in Dogville) less is more.  Permit me then to make a few observations.<br />1. Dogville is probably the best movie of the year.<br />2. Don't think this is your usual Nicole Kidman flick (as one of my friends did to her utter dismay).<br />3. Don't walk out half way through (as a bunch of people did when I saw it.)<br />You will hate Dogville, you will love Dogville and when it ends, hopefully you will understand Dogville. Is it anti-American? No. Is it misanthropic? Probably. Is it a parable? Sure, why not?<br />Lars Von Trier is a self-indulgent, pretentious, unmistakable genius.<br />To say anything else would be to say too much. You need to see this movie.
0671027344|4.0|I do not think that this book is really comparable to The Catcher in the Rye; it is not any kind of revolutionary book of its era or anything to that effect. However, I do think that beneath some of the possibly more seemingly juvenile subjects touched upon in The Perks of Being a Wallflower, the book makes some very interesting, not yet touched upon points about growing up and fitting in, and does so in a way that is different from the rest of the 'teen angst' novels that seem to be consuming the literary world. I related strongly to the narrator, enjoyed his style of writing, and was even caught off guard by some of the novel's twists. Overall, I found it a good, entertaining book, though I'm not sure how appealing it would be to anyone beyond their teenage years.
0698119347|3.0|I read the book Stormbreaker by Anthony Horowitz, and to tell you the least, I thought it was a lot like any other book I'd read in my life. It wasn't at all the worst book I'd ever read, but the plot was quite predictable, being a spy/action book. Since it's based around a teen's adventures of being a spy, it's a little more mild, but the action is still (and definitely) provided, and it isn't in small doses - give or take. You won't be excited enough to go to bed early just so you can read, so don't be too hyped! This is the type of book you might be forced to read in class.<BR>     Anyhow, I'll give you a little background on the book, you know, without giving anything important away. It all goes down in England, where young Alex Rider resides. Alex's uncle is dead, presumably from a car crash. Alex's ingenuity and curiosity lead him to find out that's exactly what didn't happen. As soon as the truth is revealed to him, he's recruited to the MI6 agency, where his life is literally \\"put into the hands\\" of the kind people who work at this agency. The mission he's assigned to is not easy, but it's one he must fulfill - and that's where I'm stopping. I'm not telling you everything. Anyways, it doesn't matter where the book is set - it just doesn't make any difference.<BR>     What I feel about this book is that it's lack of originality keeps it from being something better than it is. I guess that spy adventures should be exciting, and this one is, but about 75% of the time I could guess what was going on next. I'm not sure what else Mr. Horowitz has written, but this is mediocre. Even though it's critically acclaimed, and possibly could become a movie, I hope it doesn't do well. Maybe I'm just being mean. Oh well. Not my problem.<BR>     My recommendation would go towards 6th and 7th graders. It was pretty easy for me, and I'm in 8th grade. It's written in a basic format, but elementary schoolers might struggle with it. That aside, this book was directed for the kids, and I have no problem with that. By the way, the moral of this story is NOT, I repeat: NOT to avenge your dead uncles. To tell you the truth, I don't even know what it is. <BR>     If I were to give this a rating out of five stars, I'd give it 2.5, not a 3. It lacks too many components, originality being the most obvious.
B00005JMEW|5.0|From the get-go this movie starts off with something so powerful it almost forces you to pay attention and forget anything else you might be doing, Quentin Tarantino does the most brilliant job ever of holding your attention leaving you begging for more then giving you anything beyond any expectations you could have ever held. I can honestly say this is by far the greatest movie I have ever seen and I'm counting down the hours untill Kill Bill vol. 2 I can not recommend this movie to you enough.
B000000OMB|5.0|&quot;Only Time Will Tell&quot; is the first rock song I ever heard, having been cloistered by my parents' country/Anne Murray music preferences.  From the moment I heard the keyboard intro, I was pulled into rock's orbit and would never look back.  To this day, I can never listen to any of the first 3 songs on the album and not think of that impressionable time in my life, with the music itself being one of the most positive associations.<br />A year later I scraped up enough money to buy my own cassette, and I bought the just-released Alpha.  But soon thereafter I went back and got the debut, and discovered that (unlike many later albums I would purchase), the great music wasn't limited to what made it onto the radio.  Track after track pulls me in, envelopes me in the soundscape these great musicians crafted, and I leave this world for an hour.<br />I consider this album just slightly inferior to Alpha, and then only because it has one lukewarm track (Wildest Dreams) whilst Alpha is phenomenal from beginning to end.  <br />Indeed, my very favorite song of all time is &quot;Sole Survivor&quot;.  The lyrics and music of this song place me in a fantastic, desolate location or state of mind, a journey to hell and back.  This piece would work even without lyrics.  The sense of isolation and bleakness at the bridge, the brief moment of doubt, of whether all is said and done, followed immediately by the decisive anger and defiance, the implicit declaration that &quot;It does not end here!&quot;, and the swift, determined move forward to face the unknown.  The biting, snarling guitars transform from your tormenters into your allies as you are swept away on a wave of emotion and vindication.<br />This track is epic, yet less than 5 minutes in length.  That's what I call songwriting.<br />Those who say Steve Howe and John Wetton's guitars are missing must not be listening to the same music as me.  Catch the intro to &quot;Time Again&quot;, the solos in &quot;Heat of the Moment&quot; and &quot;Without You&quot;, the exquisite guitar work on &quot;Sole Survivor&quot; and &quot;Cutting It Fine&quot;, and then tell me that this music is light on the strings.  Compare these songs to those on &quot;Astra&quot;, and then ask again where it is that Steve Howe is missed.<br />Critics throw out a lot of words about this album:  &quot;not progressive enough&quot;, &quot;overproduced&quot;, &quot;too slick&quot;, &quot;too radio-friendly&quot;.  Funny, I don't think about any of that when I'm immersed in that other world.  If I think at all, it's thanking God that these guys put their talents together when they did, even if it was for too brief a moment.  Otherwise I might be listening to Hank Williams Jr.
0316666343|5.0|The Lovely Bones is an excellent book by Alice Sebold. The book tells the story of a fourteen-year-old girl already in heaven as she recounts the details of her gruesome murder. It also tells a sad, yet comforting story of a family trying to cope with the loss of a daughter and sister. Being a fourteen-year-old girl, she does not want her family to forget about her, and wants badly to have them live with her in heaven. Just as her family and friends have to live life without her, Susie has to learn to &quot;live life&quot; in heaven without them.
B00006BTCA|5.0|This album just sort of fell into my hands one day, and since then I've been hooked.  It's been over a year since I bought it, and each time I listen to it, the mood Interpol creates simply fills you up.  It's not riotous good fun, it's not emo whining, it's just well written, well executed and thoroughly enjoyable music that stretches through many musical genres.  I recommend it to my friends and they've caught the Interpol bug too.
B00018D44U|2.0|Pretty mediocre compared to the first album. Basically more of the same, but less clean and the lyrics are awful.
B0000C7PQK|5.0|I don't need to write a lengthy review to say these simple words: Enigma outdid themselves on this album! The best Enigma Album ever Recorded!  Buy it!
B000002HEP|2.0|This album would have been a stoner classic if it weren't for the lame &quot;hard rock&quot; vocals.  Honestly, that guy kills anything the cool riffs had going for them.
1577314336|5.0|This is a most beautiful deck of inspirational quotes from Eckhart Tolle who continues to bring us the most simple yet Divine message of the power, peace, joy and fulfillment we can attain, when we enter into NOW.<br />I love just pulling out a card at random, because the message always helps me to remember to stay centered, and as a result, it has only added benefit to my life. The cards are sturdy, on high quality stock, and can always make a great gift to anyone who is frazzled, or wants to simply learn from the wonderful messages the cards offer. Highly Recommended! Barbara Rose, author of \\"Stop Being the String Along: A Relationship Guide to Being THE ONE\\" and 'If God Was Like Man'<br />Editor of inspire! magazine
B00005JMEW|1.0|This movie was slow and boring the story line was possibly the worst story line ever. How this movie got a second movie is beyond me. The fight seens sucked.. who wants to watch 2 people stare at eachother for 15 minutes and only fight for 2 seconds. It had no point it just sucked. The best part of the movie was the credits. The fight seens where cheesie you could of cut the chees with a knife it was so bad
0553260111|5.0|Robert Ludlun takes you from all of France to Switzerland to the USA in this vivid, imaginative novel. Filled with endless action, suspense and in the core of it all a character that is truly human. Jason Bourne awakes with no memory and the story takes you thru his pain, anguish and his deep love. The author explores makes you feel the characters pain, shows the sights he see yet keeps you wondering and wanting to know more about the character, all at the same time!<br />I can describe this book with one word.... UN-PUT-DOWNABLE!!!!!!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firefly is one show which you really have to see to believe. Character development, action, ships, space whores, this show's got it all. This story takes you in from the beginning and by the 2nd episode you'll be cursing that it was cancelled. By the 7th you'll be ravenous for more. And by the last one you're only redemption will be that a movie is currently in the works. Definately worth the time and money, gonna have to trust me on this one.
B00003CXI1|1.0|I have read the books and listened to the audiobooks (so amazingly performed by Jim Dale - who needs a movie?) many, many, MANY times. I am addicted to Harry Potter. The books have a magical quality that I did not expect the movie to convey, but I didn't really expect the movie to be awful. It was awful. Wretched, in fact.<br />The acting was just terrible and the casting... My lord, who came up with these actors? Aside from Hermione, Professor McGonigal, Professor Snape (and in the later movie, Lucius Malfoy), this movie was just terribly cast. Who decided that Ron was a bumbling idiot? What happened to Harry's relentlessly messy hair and, when exactly was it, that the moviemakers decided he should be a cocky little snot? Hermione was both well-cast and well-portrayed, but sadly they took out her best scenes.<br />The story was choppy and so badly cut that the movie made no sense - why did Harry suspect Snape of trying to steal the Stone? Snape hadn't done anything yet! I am filled with sorrow that something with so much potential was so badly mishandled.<br />Fortunately, Harry Potter and The Chamber Of Secrets was a bit better. The terrible casting persists, of course - as it must - but the story held together and the special effects were dramatic without being overdone. If the trend continues, movie three ought to be quite good.
B0001LJCPC|5.0|I have the soundtrack for KBVol.1, and after a short while, I loved the wide variety of different songs, that somehow made sense with the movie.<br />This soundtrack is even better. It has a few pieces written by Ennio Morricone, such as the \\"A Silhouette of Doom\\" that can be heard in the trailer. It has a feeling of doom approaching on the evil people who did the Bride in. Ennio wrote scores for movies such as Mission, The Good the bad and the ugly, and A Fistful of Dollars....His music is powerful, fully bodied film score extravaganza. He is brilliant, and a perfect choice for the orchestral parts of the movie/cd.<br />This cd has many different sounds to it. Latin and western music, spoken words (Carradine and Thurman), some great songs that are hand picked by Quarantino. The more I listen to it, the more I understand it. This is a great buy, especially if you liked the first movie, and I can all ready feel the second one just form listening to this.<br />This soundtrack has more instrumental music then the previous vol.1, that had more songs with words. This one is more melodic.
B00005JMEW|1.0|I'm waiting for Tarantino to go back to his Reservoir Dogs/Pulp Fiction roots. I couldn't finish this movie. I wasted a free rental at Blockbuster on this. I wasn't expecting that much corn. I would have brought a fork. I'm not going to waste anyone's time like mine was. Give me Zed's dead over Kill Bill vol. whatever anyday.
044022165X|4.0|&quot;The Rainmaker&quot; is one of Grisham's better novels (&quot;The Firm&quot; still remains my favorite by Grisham).  It is the story of a young law student-then lawyer who is trying to make it in the legal profession; specifically, in the world of small-time civil litigation.  Young Rudy Baylor lucks into a fairly big-time case, and the fun begins.<br />Grisham gives us a cynical, funny, and mostly authentic look at the law.  Oh, there are a few flaws.  I doubt many judges would ever favor one side as much as the judge did in this novel, although I suppose such things happen (I've seen it once.)  But overall, Grisham gives the reader a more or less accurate look at the world of civil litigation.  This give the novel a gritty sense of realism that carries the reader through what is mostly an excellent read.  There are some hilarious pieces to the story--I love that &quot;paralawyer&quot; guy.  And Grisham's cynical portrayal of big firm lawyers hits the mark.  This is a very funny book.<br />One of Grisham's better ones.  By the way, the novel is quite a bit better than the movie.
B0000AZAUM|5.0|Ok, so now I have four three different versions of this album - but it's one of those albums that are worth having four versions of (:<br />My only real problem with the SACD mix is that it seems a bit heavy on the bass. I had to go turn the subwoofer waaay down.<br />For all the people complaining that they have to crank it up - every copy of this album, in every format I've ever seen it in clearly had the message &quot;To be played at maximum volume&quot; printed on the back (:
0743454529|4.0|Words can't express how deeply this book moved me. My Sister's Keeper pretends to be just a lengthy tale, but somehow permeates itself into your heart by novel's close. Conceived to be a donor to leukemia-ridden Kate, Anna has been poked and prodded through several medical treatments to save her sister's life. She's tired of it all. Anna just wants to be left alone, made to feel normal, and allowed to be her own person. At least that's the story Anna tells her lawyer. Underneath it all, everyone's got a story and is lead by their own emotions to do what's best for Kate, as evidenced by the plot's seven different viewpoints. I wept for Anna and Kate, wrestled with Sara and Brian, and hoped for Campbell and Julia. Jodi Picoult has a flair for rich, colorful characterizations and for weaving an affecting yarn. A little long winded, but I loved it. I mean, it's been a while since a book has made me cry like a baby.
0792841344|4.0|&quot;If this one doesn't scare you, you're already dead.&quot;  Or so goes one of the taglines used in the promotions for PHANTASM, the 1979 low-budget film from auteur Don Coscarelli that has become a much-loved horror classic.  By today's standards, the film doesn't quite reach the level of fright promised by that slogan.  But PHANTASM is nonetheless a well-made indie flick that has always been a real crowd-pleaser due to its enigmatic, unpredictable script; the ingenious and effective low-budget special FX; excellent directing and cinematography by Coscarelli; good acting, especially from the four principals; and a very memorable, haunting score.<br />PHANTASM follows precocious 13-year-old Michael (Michael Baldwin), his older brother Jody (Bill Thornbury), and friend Reggie (Reggie Bannister) as they investigate the enigmatic goings-on at the creepy nearby funeral parlor.  Just who or what is that terrifying Tall Man (Angus Scrimm) that seems to have the run of the place?  What is his part in the recent disappearance of corpses at the mortuary, and what is his relationship to the elfish eidolons lurking in the graveyard shadows?<br />PHANTASM's script is loosely structured and rather weak in spots, but this actually heightens the unpredictability of the plot and thereby gives the film an unnerving surrealistic quality.  And when combined with bizarre imagery (e.g., an airborne chromed sphere drilling into a human head); gloomy, atmospheric sets and on-location sites; and a genuinely creepy, inscrutable antagonist like the Tall Man, the movie transcends the script and evolves into a 90-minute spine-tingling nightmare-on-film.<br />The excellent musical score also adds much to the nightmarish quality of PHANTASM. Composed by Fred Myrow and Malcolm Seagrave, it is stylistically reminiscent of John Carpenter's score for his groundbreaking film HALLOWEEN, released a year earlier.  But unlike Carpenter's one-man synthesizer score, Myrow and Seagrave's music is performed on multiple instruments, delivering a rich, three-dimensional sound that makes PHANTASM's aural atmosphere seem much more ominous than that of HALLOWEEN.<br />Though it has been over 20 years since its initial release, PHANTASM has aged surprisingly well.  As with its aforementioned predecessor HALLOWEEN, the gore is minimal, especially when compared to the wave of bloody horror films that splashed up on the cinematic shore in the 1980s and beyond.  But the eerie, surreal ambiance of PHANTASM can still make a viewer's skin crawl, and the malignant Tall Man, with all his accursed accoutrements and paranormal paraphernalia, is still pretty damned creepy.  Yes, PHANTASM has a certain ineffable 1970s drive-in quality that identifies it as a product of its era, but rather than being an annoyance, this seems to add yet another layer of &quot;otherworldliness&quot;--at least from a contemporary standpoint.<br />MGM's DVD release of PHANTASM offers the film in a non-anamorphic letterbox format in the film's original aspect ratio of 1.85:1.  The digital transfer is pretty clean, with only moderate filmic and digital artifacts sometimes apparent.  Colors are bright and vivid, though darks are a bit on the muddy side.  Soundtrack audio options include a new Dolby 5.1 Surround Sound remix, which sounds good, or the film's original 2.0 mono.<br />The supplements on MGM's DVD release of PHANTASM are outstanding. First off, the disc comes packaged with a very nice booklet that contains a note from writer/director Don Coscarelli, as well as a myriad of interesting tidbits about the film and its stars. On the disc itself, a really cool alternate audio track offers a feature commentary with Coscarelli and the film's principal actors. Also included are outtakes, deleted scenes, trailers and TV spots, TV interviews with Coscarelli and Angus Scrimm, and much more!  These extras alone are worth the very reasonable retail price, but buyers get the cool film, too!<br />To recap, PHANTASM is a minor cult classic that both ardent horror fans and casual viewers alike will find genuinely enjoyable, and the loaded-with-extras DVD from MGM is nothing short of Phantastic!SM is a minor cult classic that both ardent horror fans and casual viewers alike will find genuinely enjoyable, and the loaded-with-extras DVD from MGM is nothing short of Phantastic!
B00000099Y|5.0|Although Maynard & co. came close to matching the standard set by Aenima with Lateralus, arguably Aenima still stands as Tool's finest moment. Amazing individual talent (Maynard is today's best frontman, and that's just the beginning) combined with incredible and complex songwriting and intelligence make Tool a band with few weaknesses. While this may be termed prog rock, with extended arrangements of their songs being the norm, this allows the mood of the songs to fully deveolop, and boy do they develop. Complex time signature and dynamics changes, unbeleivable instrumental chops, and soaring vocals are some descriptions that come to mind. Tool's sound makes me salivate - you just need to listen to appreciate it. Maynards lyrics match the musical content to a tee. In \\"Sinkfist\\", he uses a pretty dark metaphor to illustrate how desensitized we are today. \\"Eulogy\\" challenges the character of everyone who has a message to preach but are really just as weak and feeble as every one around them. I also find the story in \\"Hooker With a Penis\\" to be quite amusing. Even despite it's grandesque 13:00+ minutes, \\"Third Eye\\" never looses my interest - in fact, it's one of the best album closers I've ever heard. I really can't explain it, but Tool managed to hit everything right on this album, which is why it's one of the top 5 cd's I own.
6301880447|5.0|this is the best met video i've seen. the production, the sets, costumes, choreography - an opera has never looked this good. the singing and acting are pretty good, too. domingo is in good voice and makes a convincing calaf. mitchell is a sweet and touching liu - vocally, at least. and except for a rough start in act ii, marton is an icy princess, indeed. very much recommended. this is what grand opera should look and sound like.
B000092ZYX|4.0|First off, this album does a nice job of meshing the ideas presented in OK with those in Kid A/Amnesiac. It has elements of good ol' rocking guitar and drums, and elements of electronica. Both mend together really well to make possibly their most diverse album to date. Unfortunately, not well enough to match the bar they set with OK and Kid A. One main problem is just that it is too diverse. Less focus makes for a less intensly gripping listen. Also, while the songs are incredible, and I would say even flow nicely, there is hardly any territory that Radiohead hasn't covered before, and so the ideas aren't as fresh and gripping as they were with Ok and Kid. However, this is still a 4 star album. \\"2+2=5\\" is a great opener, \\"Punchup at a Wedding\\" is a nice, cool, bouncy number - perhaps the best on the cd. I really took to the first single, \\"There There\\", as well. This is any other bands best cd, by far. I feel this cd ranks tightly with The Bends, and is absolutely a must have for any Radiohead fan, although this wouldn't be a bad intro for new fans as well.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|The story is good, but I feel that the acting was ... well, horrible! The acting was alright up to where Erica Barry falls apart because of Harry, but then it just fell apart. Renting this movie would be a lot better then buying it. Then if you like it well enough buy it!
0767803434|4.0|I first saw this film on ABC, and I enjoyed it,my little sisters didnt like it very much, but I did,Great Peformance by Harrison Ford.Filled with stunts and action expacially on a plane.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|The acting was wonderful first of all! Secondly, as I have said in previous reviews, the ending is the most important part of the story ... this film has an awesome ending!
B0000DYJM6|5.0|okay if you like nirvana you will like Pearl Jam to. Though I wouldnt recomend this if you are just getting into Pearl Jam it is a great album, ( i would get &quot;Ten&quot; if you where getting into PJ). This Album is b-sides, unrealeased songs. The best two songs are Yellow Ledbetter and Last Kiss.<BR> <BR>This is a two disk set filled with great songs ( even though on most of them you can't understand Eddie Vedders Lyrics like on Yellow Ledbetter. )<br />Pearl Jam is the second best band to emerge from the Seattle Grunge scene ( after Nirvana ). Eddie Vedder is probly one of the best vocalist in rock history (or from the 90's).<br />This is a great cd and it's worth what you pay for.
B00008K9Z5|5.0|Make no mistake, this is a great CD. The only problem is, when you've listened to the first record 400 times (I have, no exaggeration), the words are different that's all. I think Hybrid Theory is better, but only because that's the album I heard first. All the people who whine about Meteora not living up to their expectations would probably say the same thing if Meteora was released in 2000, and Hybrid in 2003. <BR>    <BR>    Anyways, you've heard the singles (Somewhere I Belong, Faint, and the incredible Numb), which are fine examples of what this disc sounds like. Hopefully Linkin Park will do the right thing and make Breaking The Habit the fourth single, it's possibly the best song on the CD. Other standout tracks: All the singles, From the Inside, Figure.09, and the near-emo Hit The Floor. Wouldn't that be cool, LP as an emo band....they could be better than Thursday.....
B000002J09|5.0|If you have never heard of Led Zepplin you must live under a rock. One of rocks finest bands consisting of Robert Plant one of the best vocalist of all time, Jimmy Page in the top 8 best guitarist list he can play blues, rock, you name it he is awsome he has white knuckle fast solos and will amaize you, and John Bonham one of the greatest drummers of all time, and well last John Paul Jones ( whitch i dont know much about ). With that lineup you are sure to be one of the best rock bands of all time. The Songs i reccomend on this cd are Rock N Roll (car commercials kinda ruined it), Black Dog (an awsome guitar song),and last but most deffenitly not least...... STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN, one of the best songs in the world it starts of with a soft intro and then gets gradually faster and Harder with a blazing solo great for air guitaring that goes into Robert Plants Screaming vocal while Jimmy Page is playing a fast hard riff. It is also the most lengthy track on the cd. One of the greatist albums of all time
B000002H6C|5.0|11 days before my birth, metallica released one of the greatest albums i've ever heard in my life.  there is not even one song where you feel even the tiniest bit tempted to hit the skip button on your cd player.  blackened, justice, and one are 4 (yes 4, justice counts for 2 cause its so long...not that thats bad...at all) of the greatest songs to ever grace the world of rock and metallica brought us these through ...and justice for all.  i have nothing more to say, because if i say any more, i'll feel too geekfully obsessed with this cd...too late.
B00006V9A0|5.0|This is a great cd. I would recommend it to people just getting into Nirvana. It has most of their greatest hits. My favorites are Sliver, Smells Like Teen Spirt, and In Bloom. It is a shame Kurt did what he did, otherwise i bet Nirvana might still be around. He was one of the most brillant artist of all time ( if not the most brillant )but many people when they hear Nirvana think of Kurt Cobain. Dave Grohl is also a very talented musician. He plays Bass, Guitar, (and of course) Drums, he is in foo fighters, and Queens of the Stone age, he has recently put out a album that is his metal project called Probot in whitch he plays all the instruments on. And don't forget Krist eathier.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|The movie is slow, almost to the point of no story at all. If you don't like intolerable cruelty then you won't like this one either. I don't know why people kept saying its good, I would rate it only two star. It is just a story of two people met in Japan and they were bored to death and trying to entertain each other till friendship is develop. And that was it. There is no point to the story. No action, no big drama, its just DULL. Just plain DULL.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana is the best band ever to set foot on the planet of earth. Back in the 90s songs had deep meanings and messages that made you think, Now lyrics are &quot; my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard &quot; and &quot; get low get low get low get low get low&quot; (talk about no song writing skills at all). Kurt Cobain was the most brillant person ever to sing into a microphone and play guitar. His songs were semi- autobiographl (i hope i used that word right) if we had paid attention to his lyrics back then people good have understood Kurt. But they didn't. This is in my top 5 favorite albums list. Some People say Kurt ruined rock. He perfected it. Now the majority of people like Rap.Rap is pointless nonscence. It's hate music about hot tubs, Escalades, and &quot;bling bling&quot;. Nirvana actually talked about stuff that mattered, life issues. Nirvana rocked.<BR>Rock On.
B000068FUS|3.0|I discovered these guys roaming around amazon and was intrigued by their comparisons to Lynyrd Skynyrd. As a big Skynyrd fan I bought the CD hoping that a band may have finally successfully found the tone and attitude Skynyrd celebrated. These guys haven't done it. The music is good, but they seemed to miss the point as far as who Skynyrd was musically. It is no surprise that they self admitedly just started listening to Skynyrd after years of growing up in Alabama ignoring the music.The album lacks the fun and honky-tonk rock Skynyrd virtually invented. While not a bad album, you don't shake your ass or tap your toes like a Skynyrd album would induce. It lacks the riffs, and electricity. These guys have taken something pure and turned it into melodramatic college rock. Talented musicians, but not worthy of the Skynyrd, Zeppelin, AC/DC comparisons they are recieving on this site.
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye just works for everybody, unlike most of the rappers whom rap about each other or raps about nothing, Kanye raps about himself, also about,you,me and the person down the street. Regardless of how every other artist he hears and even beautifly produces. Kanye keeps his own sound. the most lovable thing about the album itself is that the intro is good then it all just flows. We don't care is true for alot of peaople, all fall down makes people stop and look at there obsesion with retail while still indulging in it, Spaceship is just on point, You can talk to anybody at work specifically a black person and they've propbably felt the exact same way as described in the lyrics. Kanye's deliverance is original and the college dropout is a must have.<br />My Favorite tracks:<BR>1.Spaceship<BR>2.Through the Wire<BR>3.All Falls Down <BR>4.Jesus Walks<BR>5.The New Work Out Plan<BR>6.school Spirit &amp; Slow Jamz<br />But I promise You'll love the whole album.
B00005M989|1.0|This is not even close to a good representation of Prince's best and was released without his approval.
0553571338|5.0|This is one of my favorite books! I think that it really does open up your mind and make you think about how lucky we are even thought Jonus and his family live in a so called \\"perfect world.\\" I don't think that this book is inappropriate at all. Usually I don't like sci-fi books but this is one of my favorite books! Don't listen to the people that said it was bad because there are way more people that loved this book. Take my advice and read it!!!
B000002L7R|4.0|Prince's &quot;Sgt. Pepper&quot;...People thought he let his sucess get to him after Purple Rain, but the truth is, Prince had this one finished before Purple Rain was even released to the public. A true show of his talent and sense of artistic adventure.  This is the kind of thing that made waiting for a new Prince album worth it.
B000002A3T|5.0|I'm not a classic Floyd fan.  I didn't grow up during their time, and I wasn't fortunate enough to have a  parent, brother, sister or friend attempt to  force them upon me in my youth.  I knew of Pink Floyd, but I didn't know them.  It wasn't until \\"Division Bell\\" was released did I even attempt to consume what Floyd had to offer.  \\"Take It Back,\\" not surprisingly, was the song that first caught my attention.  So I bought \\"Division Bell.\\"  My first Floyd album.  That was 10 years ago.  I was 18.<BR>   <br />Fast forward to 2002.  I don't know what happened.  I can't explain it.  I had owned \\"Division Bell\\" for 8 years.  But I still didn't get it.  Until one day - I got it.  I love this record.  It's gorgeous.  It's majestic.  And it's oh so David Gilmour.  I suppose that's the point.  I became a serious David Gilmour fan.  And a serious Pink Floyd fan, too.  For 2 years now I've traveled the long and glorious history of Pink Floyd.  From Syd to Dave.  From pre Dark side to post Dark Side.  All the way to \\"Division Bell\\" -   my proverbial pot of gold.  In a way, I feel bad for long time Floyd listeners.  I can genuinely see how \\"Division Bell\\" might be difficult to digest.  My unsolicited recommendation is this - empty your mind of all pre conceived ideas of what and who Pink Floyd are and try to listen to \\"Division Bell\\" as a clean slate.  Maybe \\"Division Bell\\" isn't Pink Floyd.  Maybe it is.  In my opinion, it doesn't matter.  \\"Division Bell\\" stands on it's own as a classic piece of work - no matter who created it.
B000002KY8|5.0|My favorite Prince album, by far.  Mostly because of the non-radio tracks like DMSR, Lady Cab Driver, Something In The Water, etc.  A must-own for anyone curious about Prince--experimental, funky, classic and shows Prince at his most interesting.  If it were released today, it would still surpass anything on the radio.
B0000C5RQF|2.0|Having been moderately fond of Colin Davis old Phillips recording of die Zauberflote, and seeing a brilliant concert performance which he conducted of Idomeneo in London a few years ago, I thought it finally time to buy a DVD flute with subtitles that I could introduce to friends who are new to opera. A final illustrious interpretation for the 80 year old conducter I hoped.<br />Alas, I felt this whole production in the poor to mediocre range, with only a few really shining moments.<br />Queen of the Night--One of the best ever.  Not just vocal fireworks, but brilliantly felt and acted as well.  She does all kinds of interesting things with the low notes that really communicate, where most singers just dutifully purr along.<br />Papageno--Keenlyside has a beautifully solid pure baritone. No wobble. He also is very athletic. He portrays Papageno in a sort of depressed, dumpy way, as opposed to the usual manic comic presence. I prefer manic myself, but kudos for a unique and workable interpretation. Unfortunately he does not harmonize well in ensembles, which is very dissapointing.<br />Pamina--Roschmann has a beautiful and powerful voice. &quot;Ach ich fuhls&quot; is particularly moving. Unfortunately, she does not harmonize well either. In ensembles one gets the feeling she is belting out alone and not really listening to the other singers. Its a shame since alot of Pamina's music is in ensembles. in particular her duets with Papageno come off very flat. 2 beautiful voices and a splendid orchestra, but where is the music of the spheres?<br />Tamino--Fair acting and presence, but I and my friend both found his voice to have an annoying nasal stridency. Heroic, yes. Princely, no. Weak in ensembles again--but this is a great weakness of the production, hard to know who to fault.<br />Sarastro--Oddly creepy, which was the designers intention perhaps. Impressive booming voice, but very unmusical we thought. His arias come off particularly bad.<br />Three Ladies--Very good! So refreshing to hear some decent ensemble singing in this production.<br />Boys--Hate to be cruel, but...weak.  In ensembles with Pamina and Tamino they sounded like mice while the adults responded with giant lion roars. Very odd. Did not help they were dressed like orphans from Oliver Twist.  Nothing magical in this production, as three boys who are prescients should be.<br />Speaker--Good, solid Thomas Allen.<br />Choir--Disappointing. Never really achieved a moving luminosity. Just compare the glorius &quot;Heil sei euch geweihten&quot; on Christie's Erato CD recording(with a French choir no less!) with this flat perfunctory delivery. It made me cry for the wrong reasons.<br />Conducting--Perfunctory. Even more workaday than his Phillips CD recording which I thought was pretty poor. Its not bad mind you, all the notes are there with fidelity, and there is no goofy romanticism, but the music only rarely glows, the rythyms hardly ever spring.  There seems a poor sense of listening between singers and orchestra which, as I mentioned, is particularly noticable in Mozart's marvelous ensembles which just do not harmonize in this production.<br />Production--Some endearing moments, but overall we found it more strange than moving.  It is quite simple in a way, with few grand sets, and even seems to want to hark back to 18th century Vienna burgtheater.  The art design has a colourful, circus like quality to it. Very subjective, but I felt it just did not really arise from the music. Macabre and strange are not adjectives that come to mind when thinking of Mozart or Masonic ritual.  Monostatos is politically corrected.<br />Video and Audio quality--I am no videophile, but we both thought these were superb. Great subtitles and an unintrusive camera.  In contrast, the Haitink/Glyndebourne Figaro, for example, while being far superior musically to this production, suffers from very poor subtitles that makes it a poor choice for introducing it to new listeners, which DVDoperas are great for.<br />There certainly are much worse Zauberflote, and the excellent production values and subtitles could make this a good choice for introducing the opera to non german speakers, but overall IMO this is a disappointing release.
B00005M989|1.0|This is not even close to a good representation of Prince's best and was release without his approval.
B00005JMEW|1.0|I saw this film when it was in theaters.   I don't understand why so many people think this film is so great.   It reminds me a geat deal of an older movie &quot;Falling Down&quot;, but with an angry white woman as the lead instead of an angry white male.   Being a non-white in this movie is a death sentence.   Umma Thurman's character makes it a point to kill or mame just about every non-white in her path.   I walked away from this movie wondering if Tarrintino doesn't have some serious issues with the non-whites of the world.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|I am pretty disgusted with the majority of the 5-star reviewers here, who relish in pointing out how the rest of us common folk just can't comprehend the \\"real meaning\\" behind this film; that we're just not worthy enough to understand the deep emotional complexity that is right there before our eyes.  Give me a break.  Can't you accept that different people have different taste in movies and leave it at that?  I'm very sorry if I can't match your superior level of sophistication, but please permit me to put forth my opinion anyway.<br />Two of my all-time favorite films are Neil LaBute's \\"In the Company of Men\\" and \\"Your Friends and Neighbors,\\" both of which are comprised almost entirely of dialogue and nothing else.  There are no car chases, fight scenes, fart jokes, or gratuitous sex in either one.  They were also shot in an eavesdropping, \\"fly on the wall\\" manner.  All of this makes them very similar in style to \\"Lost in Translation.\\"  But the big difference is that LaBute's films had original ideas and engaging characters, while Sofia Coppola's doesn't.<br />The whole \\"Two strangers in a strange land meet and find happiness together\\" plotline became a cliche before Bill Murray was born.  And many of the other elements don't ring true at all.  For instance, Charolette's husband John, who has just gotten married, suddenly becoming interested in an obviously airheaded blonde bimbo actress played by Anna Faris.  Even if it were a purely physical attraction, and while Faris is certainly a beautiful actress, there is no man or woman I know who would prefer her to Scarlett Johansson.  Ditto that for the lounge singer that Bob Harris decides to sleep with after just meeting her.  Bits like these feel convoluted and manufactured in order to provide even more cliched moments like the jealous wife, and the moment when she knocks on her newfound companion's door just in time to catch him with --GASP!-- another woman, which of course leads to the obligatory tearful argumentfollowed by the kiss-and-make-up scene.<br />Basically, everything in this movie has been done many, many times before, which makes Sofia Coppola's Best Screenplay Oscar seem pretty baffling.  And while both the lead actors do an o.k. job, there's nothing in the performances that makes the material any more interesting than it sounds.  As another reviewer pointed out, there seems to be a big difference in opinion between those people who saw \\"Translation\\" in a theater and those who watched it on video, so I think it would be wise to lower your expectations if you're planning on picking this one up.
B00003CXZ1|4.0|Lara Croft Tomb Raider really is a movie that is doomed by the critics the day the making of it is announced. It's based off a video game where the heroine is mostly known because of her large (...).She is suppose to be a combination of Indiana Jones and James Bond which is also going to be hard to pull off. We know the stunts will be outrageous along with a lot of other things. If you look past all that you really can enjoy Tomb Raider.<br />Lara Croft Tomb Raider is a simple enough plot. Lara(Angelina Jolie)must find the Triangle of Time. It's a legendary artifact that is capable of altering time and space as we know it. She must find the artifact before the evil secret society of the Illuminati do. The society is led by Manfred Powell(Iain Glen)who is set on using the artifact for his own eveil purposes. It's now up to Lara to stop the Illuminati and Manfred before it is to late.<br />Angelina Jolie really is the reason to watch the film. She looks fantastic in the movie and it's probaly the best she has ever looked. She plays the video game heroine to perfection and nobody could have pulled it off quite like she did. She did all her own stunts in the film and even learned how to fire weapons and train for the part from a former SAS agent.<br />The only knock I have against the film is the traveling the movie. In a span of not even three days Lara goes from England to Cambodia back to England and then to someplace in North Western Russia. Thats a little far stretched even for a video game based character.<br />This really is a three star movie but the DVD extras bump it up to a four. There are deleted scenes and an altered main title sequence. You get the specials on how they crafted Angelina Jolie into Lara Croft. There is a special on the visual effects in the movie which are decent. You also get directors commentary from Simon West. To top all that off you get the Music Video for U2's song Elevation. Not bad at all.<br />Like I said earlier, if you look past the flaws this is a fun movie. It's a summer blockbuster thats suppose to be enjoyed. I like the movie and it's a decent buy if you can pick it up cheap.
B00004RYZT|5.0|this dvd is the one of my best dvd video , its very hard to find a live party like rammstein live gig they make a great show for the public any way there is no band in this world they use the fire like rammstein with a grat show so i convince u to buy this DVD because its very very great u will like it.
B00005V9IK|5.0|Independence Day is a summer blockbuster film. Your not suppose to care about the plot, your so suppose to sit back and enjoy something that could never really happen.<br />In Independence Day are fears have come true. Alien spacecrafts have come to earth and are hostile. After a failed attack by our own military all hope looks to be gone. The aliens are slowly destroying all of our big cities and it continues to look bleak. It's all up to a crack team of misfits that include our president(Bill Pullman), Fighter Pilot Capt. Steve Hiller(Will Smith), a cable man David Levinson(Jeff Goldblum), and a even the dumb hick Russel Casse(Randy Quaid) to save the day and the world.<br />This is such a fun film to watch and is for many reasons. You have to love the special effects in the film. The alien weapons are cool and a lot of the explosions are on a big scale. It's not easy to flatten L.A, New York, and Washington. The movie won the Oscar for best special effects and rightfully so.<br />The movie has a lot of memorable performances that make it worth buying.<br />You have to love Will Smith in the film. His one liners and overall toughness really help make the film. They also helped make his carear and he wouldn't be where he's at today without this film.<br />The movie is stolen however with the performance of Jeff Goldblum. His character David is the main character in the movie and nobody could have played him like Jeff Goldblum. His one liners are great and you love to like his character.<br />This is another hit movie for Roland Emmerich. This guy has taken the Steven Spielberg mold for summer blockbuster hits and has made quite a carear for himself. If your a fan of Roland you have to pick up Independence Day.<br />The music is great in Independence Day. David Arnold has written a fantastic score. It has a great patriotic feel to it. The music is well worth the price of the movie. Fans of the movie should look at the soundtrack as well.<br />Independence Day is a great film. It grossed over 306 million at the Box Office in the U.S. alone and thats a testament statement. You don't make that much money on a bad film. Independence Day is a great summer blockbuster movie. It reminds us why we go to the movies and that to be entertained.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Film (3/5)<BR>The first episode of the Star Wars saga suffers from poor dialogue and some childish elements that have somehow found their way into the film.  The storyline itself strikes me as mediocre compared to the original three films, however, the main points got across as they needed to so that the beginnings of this movie series could be explained.<br />Video (5/5)<br />Sound (5/5)<br />Special Features (5/5)<BR>There is a commentary by members of the crew, including George Lucas which is interesting enough if you have the time to listen to it.  There are several deleted scenes that include small features on how they were developed and why they were cut.  &quot;The Beginning: Making Episode I&quot; is a very interesting and insightful look into the entire production of the film.  Five smaller features highlight various aspects of the movie, and the twelve part documentary series featured on starwars.com is definitely worth a look as well.  Also included is the music video for &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; and a feature on the making of the Starfighter video game.  There are features on the development of the podrace and submarine scenes, a still photo gallery, posters, trailers, and tv spots.  <br />Overll - 4.5 (5)
0783231032|4.0|1941 really is one of those movies you love or hate and you hate to love. It really is a movie with no plot and character development. It has a ton of crazy and wild characters that are very memorable. The story really isn't important because there really isn't one.<br />1941 is a movie that takes place on Dec. 13, 1941 in L.A., Cal. The U.S. people are worried about another attack from the Japanese. Off the coast of L.A. is a Japanese U-Boat with the dumbest crew ever and one Nazi on it. They end up there off the coast because they are lost and their instruments won't work. Back on shore you have tank crew with characters played by Dan Akroyd, John Candy and Treat Williams in it who are out defending the city. You have John Belushi patroling the skies as Wild Bill and plenty of othe memorable characters living there daily lives in this war time.<br />Like I said it really is hard to try to tell you the plot because there are so many chatacters and so many things going on at one time. There are plenty of cameos and funny antics in the movie. I like watching spoof movies like this and it's funny to see it come from Steven Spielberg because he's made some of the best dramas of all-time. If you were to see Schindler's List, The Color Purple, and Saving Private Ryan and then you were to see 1941, there is no way you'd think Spielberg did it.<br />I was disapointed in the movie for the roles of John Belushi and Dan Akroyd. Because there are so many characters in the movie it's hard for anybody to get a ton of time on camera. At the time this movie was made these guys were both pretty popular from SNL and I think Spielberg really could have ran with them.<br />I was disappointed with the DVD quality of the picture. It doesn't look any better than any of the previous versions I've seen of 1941. The bonus features however are great and the price for the movie is well worth that alone.<br />1941 really is a fun movie. It's fun to see a guy like Spielberg do a spoof like this. Just him making fun of Jaws is great. It's not that bad of a movie and I really am glad I own it.
0743204018|5.0|McCourt has done a great job, keeping my eyes awake for 6 hours reading his memoir. Time really flies when you are happy!! Veriety of emotions happened from page to page. When I was reading the beginning of the page,I wanna cry. When it came to the end of the page, I just wanted to burst out laughing.<br />  Frank is just an ordinary Irish boy, who just has to struggle with alcoholic dad that used up every penny in the pubs, leaving his Angela and other siblings groaning with empty stomachs.<br />  Frank has truly brought me inspiration!
B00006690G|5.0|After thieving me out of my money with the debut cds from Obie Trice and 50 Cent, i decided to go out and buy The Eminem <BR>Show, which I consider one of the greatest rap albums ever released. Since I'm a lazy (...), i'll just go trqack-by-track:<BR>1. Curtains Up - Not really a song. Just a weird intro thing. Kinda previews the album theme tho. (1/10)<BR>2. White America - An underground hit track that really previews the entire album. A politically active side of Eminem shines through. (8.5/10)<br />3. Business - A hit single over in the UK, it continues Em's anti-bush attitude. A little tiresome. (7.5/10)<BR>4. Cleanin' Out My Closet - Hit single anthem (...) (9.5/10)<BR>5. Square Dance - Possibly the album's best track, this midtempo anti-song about the shortcomings of the bush administration hits the spot (10/10)<BR>6. The Kiss - Another skit, this one in the form of an assasination. Soldier intro. (5/10)<BR>7. Soldier - One of the disc's more uptempo cuts. In wich he refers to his life as a gangster after high-schoo (l0/10)<BR>8. Say Goodbye To Hollywood - Good song, subject matter reminiscent of Snoop's Murder Was The Case. Good song. (9.5/10)<BR>9. Drips - Cut from the clean version for good reason. Obie Trice shines on the STD anthem. (7/10)<BR>10. Without Me -  Slim Shady shines through for one track, and makes it one of the best. Huge hit single. (10/10)<BR>11. Paul Rosenberg - Skit in which Paul calls Eminem and tells him not to shoot his gun outside. (2/10)<BR>12. Sing For The Moment - The Aerosmith collabo makes this one of the greatest, ghostliest, most enchanting songs ever recorded. Eminem's greatest recording. International hit. (11/10)<BR>13. Superman - Another song which hints at the Slim Shady alter-ego, this one shows the sexual side. This single delivered a new ennergy to radio. (10/10)<BR>14. Hailie's Song - Another underground hit. Em's vocal debut, this heartfelt song really put's you in Em's shoes. (10/10)<BR>15. Steve Berman - A skit where Eminem kills a praise-filled record label exec. A good skit. (5/10)<BR>16. When The Music Stops - Another D12 track. This one isn't exactly as good as any other ever recorded. (6/10)<BR>17. Say What You Say - Dre and Em rap about Jermaine Dupri and bag on him for the whole song. Bland beat. (7/10)<BR>18. 'Till I Colapse - Nate Dogg shines, Eminem continues his self contamination. (7/10)<BR>19. One of Eminem's greatest. A duet with daughter Hailie Jade, this flawless track blends Shady and Marshall. Another underground hit that shows how Slim Shady and Hailie Jade correspond. (10/10)<BR>20. Curtains Close - Ken Kannif's laugh-out-loud end skit. Entertaining version of without me. (5.5/10)
B00005JMEW|5.0|I can tell you, this movie really has a presence. It just pulls you in, revenge, love, and a touch of mystic. I just want to start off with this movie is not all about violence.  I have heard so many people shun this explosive and powerful movie as a mad-house massacre done by a directer who has a small amount of taste.  That's true, if you walked into theater, or sat done are you couch thinking that.  But if you look farther, than the real message unfolds.<br />If any of you have watched the anime Rurouni Kenshin (preferable the Kyoto Arc), you lucky people will have probably picked up much of the underlying art and drama of a samurai life (and probably thus who saw The Last Samurai with Tom Cruise, and understood it farther than guts and battle) and the art of the manslayer that is depicked in this film.<br />Many of Uma's actions in battle reflect the samurai, hikori, manslayer's belief of honor and actions in battle.  Many times this is seen, when Uma spares the child's life, to the way she tells the gang to leave before they get killed.  An old manslayer in modern times.<br />One more thing, I have heard everyone complain about the sword scene and why it was so long and 'pointless'.  To those people, you don't get.  To the rest, the samurai's sword represents the act of killing.  As it is said in Rurouni Kenshin, \\"Swords are meant to kill, all the rest is a sad misunderstanding.\\" The sword is a symbol of Uma's cross into the hikori's way of thinking, to kill and kill those who deserve it.<br />KillBill is an incredible presentation of what is like to walk the path of the manslayer, in addition to some Hollywood flare.  If you don't like gore, not the movie for you.  But i strongly urge to not quickly assume that this movie is bad and teaches violences to the extreme level.  Killing is wrong, we all know that.  What Quarintino displays in his movie was not made up from some madman's mind.  The underlying message and presence is from Japanese culture hundreds of years ago, awakened in a modern setting.ds of years ago, awakened in a modern setting.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Very good movie, with various styles and good script.  Another good film by Tarantino!
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Firstly it works on multi-zone DVD players.<P>I have never written a review but was compelled to write one for this. I was a bit dubious at first with the western idea as I hate westerns but everything about this show is great even the potential life threatening injuries that occur every episode. I live in Australia and I have recommended this to friends and family and they all loved it too. <P>I had to draw the movies out and only watch a couple of episodes at a time, as I knew that I had to savour each episode and look forward to watching it over a week. Believe me it was hard......Buy it and see. We don't get it on TV here so it was exciting to be a part of this series.
B000002BBY|4.0|This album introduced me to the music of Oasis that wasn't being played on MTV. I love this cd and can still listen to every song. Who cares that they think they are better than the Beatles...for my tastes, they are!! If you like 'Wonderwall' and 'Champagne Supernova' then you will grow to love the other songs on this album as I have. Good old school Oasis!
B00006G8G4|5.0|truly obsessed spidey fans find this gaudy but all i see is near perfection.This has truly followed comics except every now and then(EX:replacing gwen with MJ)but who cares.sure the goblin could have been better but this is still the best comic movie EVER.<BR> SPIDER-LAD
B0000AQVCL|4.0|Highlights:<br />Are You Gonna be my Girl? (sounds similar to Iggy Pop's Lust for Life)<BR>Rollover DJ<BR>Cold Hard Bitch<BR>Get Me Out of Here<BR>Get What You Need (sound familar to any Rolling Stones' fans?)<br />Jet, part of the old-school rock revival (along with the Vines, the Darkness and others), has crafted an excellent album in Get Born. It has good guitar riffs, an excellent mixing job, and a good balance between hard rocking songs and soft, gentle ballads. Get Born draws influences from many sources, including AC/DC, The Rolling Stones, The Who, The Doors, and Iggy Pop. The end result is an album that is both a refreshing break from the nu-metal/pop-punk heavy rock scene of today and a tribute of sorts to the  rock bands of the '60s and '70s. I would highly recommend, if you are a fan of old school rock or just rock music in general, that you should pick up a copy of Get Born.
B000002KHY|5.0|I can't imagine a music lover who could resist to stay without this record in his/her collection for too long. This is what I called an &quot;essential album&quot;. I think that noone should be without it, I'm talking about the common listeners too not only the music connossoirs. Each track here is fantastic. There's not a single weak moment in the entire album. This is probably the best of the best in folk acustic music. James and Jim Croce are surely the best in this style but where Jim Croce is a little bit folker and harder in a sense, a little bit locked in the style, James's music is universal, incredibly sweet and lovely and it never sounds dated or trivial. James's music was able to trascend the genre boundaries and to become part of the universal pop culture, part of the world music mainstream of the last 40 years. This greatest hits contains some of the best overall music of the last forty years. That's for sure.
015204907X|5.0|I picked this up and have to say it is a beautiful piece. My 6 year old daughter picked it up and sat down and read it to me in awe at the brightly colored pictures and very excited to find out where the green sheep was! She enjoyed the opposites and the simple words that were easy for her to sound out and pick up on. It is now her favorite book! <br />It is a very good book for small children and it goes quickly and can definitely spark some learning experience with all of the opposites. Very nice bedtime story!
B000002KMY|5.0|Don't waste your time looking at \\"Ozzy\\" or \\"We Sold Our Soul For Rock And Roll\\" or even \\"Paranoid\\"! If you know that you like Black Sabbath and/or have been a true fan, admit it, this and H&H were their best album(s) ever. <br />Dio's vocals cover the band and makes the music shine! Ozzy compared to Dio sounds like an opera singer on their last legs! Seriously, listen to H&H or Mob Rules then listen to any Ozzy album. The contrast is immense, Dio wins and I think if either Black Sabbath or a solo Sabbath band could recreate its original hits with the Dio spin, it would literally kick rock ---! <br />Anthony Iommi, in this album, releases his soul into his music. You'd seriously think he was Zakk Wylde! But no, it's not Eric Clapton, still Tony Iommi cna hold his ground with licks like this!<br />Geezer-I got into rock and roll because of this veteran. I also started bass guitar because of Butler (I salute him!). Now I \\"Turn Up The Night\\" every night after school. *Check out Geezer on AOL search!* H&H and Mob Rules licks for Bass guitar are as legendary as Grand Funk Railroads, or even Queen.<br />Finally, the drums can't change in Black Sabbath. However, the spirit is always theirs. Vinney Appice sounds like Keith Moon~! Gotta love those combos!<br />Overall, Black Sabbath started Metal like Elvis started Rock. No one can change it, they only try to do better. Get Mob Rules and please support the group with Dio!
0385336810|5.0|I won't bore you with another summary of this book.  I just want to say:  I could not put this book down.  I devoured it in one sitting. Of course, now I wish I had read slower and savored every page.  But I couldn't help myself.  I just gobbled it up.  Buy this book today.  You won't be sorry.  Happy Eating...I mean Reading!!!
B00013F38K|5.0|This Kung Fu series was a watershed for TV.  When the series began airing 32 years ago, it left an indelible impact on me not just for the excellent writing, scripting and action, but for the important life messages it brought forth.  How many TV shows can we say that about today?  My 16 year old son and I have been watching the series, and it's the messages from the series that are important to him and what he really appreciates about the shows.  <br />From a technical perspective, the DVDs are of excellent digital quality, sound and color, and as one reviewer mentioned, it looks like the series was shot this year.  So many reviewers have focused on the minor cropping and have missed the point of what the series has to offer.  In my view, the cropping has been highly over emphasized, and in watching the series, it has not made a real difference at all.  When considering to buy the DVD set, you as the viewer need to make the decision whether the issue of cropping is the determining factor, or if a great TV series you can share with your family that has real universal meassages is really what's important.<br />Personally, I believe the value for the money is excellent and I have not been disappointed! Thanks to Warner for releasing this series on DVD - I can't wait for season 2 and 3.
B000002GBK|5.0|I was 8 the first time I haerd this album, and yet it stirrs in me endless childhood weekends, my parents gaming, and my friends and I in the back yard playing out the adventures we heard from our parents music from the window. many times I was merlin, others I was galahad. but never was I truly wonered as to when I played arthur. this isn't just a music from a time of the past, this music will still be here long efter me and mine have passed from this world. I reccommend it to anyone who has a twinkle of a child left in their hearts, pick up the wooden swords and ride off into the imaginary battles once again.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|This cd should probably have a parental advisory sticker..cause everythings about sex..and the one song \\"Touch of My Hand\\" is about (....)..and some little 8 year old is gonna buy the cd and their parents are gonna get all upset cause they're gonna think it's just another pop album but find out it's really not. Other than that I like it. =) The music and all is very cool.
B000094A6B|3.0|A new take on the wild debauchery movie...this time an older crowd. This gives the movie the chance to examine more complex relationshipships and some new and genuinely funny laughs.<br />BUT...about 2/3 through, it goes into the formula of Slobs-vs-Snobs with a silly plot device about the guys going up against the school dean.<br />you've seen it before, Major Paine, various rich kids vs. poor kids movies, and done much better in Billy Madison, and of couse...Animal House
B000089CJI|5.0|I bought this album way back in December based on a recommendation.  After a half-hearted listen, I abruptly tossed it aside, thinking it was some bad 80's flashback.  Then something funny happened.  I was running late for work one day, so I grabbed the first CD that I saw, and trotted out the door.  I then plopped the CD into my player at work and pushed the play button.  Those beeps and blips that sounded oh so annoying the first time around now sounded like sweet electronic bliss.  The beats are obviously inspired by 80's synth but with a little bit of Super Mario Bros. thrown in, if that makes sense.  The result is equivalent to warm milk in the pit of your stomach.  It just feels so good.
0385720920|5.0|Choke is brilliant as it is sick, I loved it, I have read all of Chucks books.  I put Choke off to the last one because a friend told me it wasn't that great, well needless to say, I shot that friend after reading this book.  Some of the sexual situations seemed like hashed out fantasy's that Chuck may need to deal with in the future, but all in all it was a great read.  Plus this book has some of the best side characters in a novel I have ever read, especially his friend Denny, which I think holds a tie with \\"Invisible Monsters\\" Brandy Alexander.  And the ending is just a wonderful piece of art (If you didn't get it, read it again.) Especially the last paragraph, Which I would say are the best finishing lines I have yet to read from Chuck.  <br />Hazardous isn't the right word, but it's the first one that comes to mind.
0743454529|2.0|The book was very absorbing (I read it in one sitting-I couldn't put it down).  However, I thought there were too many voices telling the story (at least 7 characters tell the story from their perspective) and that at times they sounded too much like one another.  Also, a subplot involving the main character's lawyer was a waste of pages.   Finally, I felt robbed by the ending.  It undermined the integrity of the central moral message of the book; the ending would be better suited to a soap opera, not a work of serious fiction.
B000069AUI|5.0|An absolutely wonderful CD!  This band is GIFTED!!!!!  Who will the UK come up with next?!
B0000019HU|5.0|I don't actually have this album.  A friend of mine does own it, and I have listened to it several times through.  I am actually planning on buying it within the next few months.<br />I really love Slint.  The lyrical art on this album is one of my favorites (particularly &quot;Nosferatu Man&quot;).  They are very poetic.<br />I actually heard about Slint when I first saw The Shins music video for &quot;New Slang,&quot; in which The Shins pay homage to all of their inspirations by posing for their album covers.  I figured that if they inspired The Shins as did Squirrel Bait, Dave Matthews, The Replacements, The Minutemen, Husker Du, et al, I would check them out.<br />I'm glad I did.
B000002KIK|5.0|MY OPINION-This being Ozzy's final album with the Sabs, it's no wonder that they went out with a bang. This album is singlehandedly one of the MOST underrated albums in history. On to the review.<br />1.Never Say Die-one of Sabbath's best. Really catchy. 10/10<BR>2.Johnny Blade-cool song. Sorta jazzy. 9/10<BR>3.Junior's Eyes-my favorite song on the album. About the death of Ozzy's father 10/10<BR>4.A Hard Road-great song. All that needs to be said. 10/10<BR>5.Shock Wave-one of the coolest guitar intros I've ever heard. Great song as well. 10/10<BR>6.Air Dance-weird but still ok. 8/10<BR>7.Over To You-only song on here I really don't like. 7/10<BR>8.Breakout-jazzy instrumental. Leads up to Swingin the Chain. 9/10<BR>9.Swinging the Chain-Bill Ward sings on this song and does a really good job. One of the best songs on here. 10/10<br />BOTTOM LINE-This is a VERY underrated album, and definately worth the money. This is probably one of Sabbath's best albums. They original's certainly went out with a bang.
0553208845|5.0|This book reads easily, like a fairytale. It has the appropriate denouments and rising action and the reader never has to backtrack. Words are not wasted and everything flows. Great story and meaning. Only one word of caution: remember that this is written by a middle-aged German man in the 20s about India. His representatioons of Eastern religion are inaccurate, but its not enough to detract from any overall meaning from the book.
B00006CXSS|5.0|This movie will put you in the action of D-day like no other movies can. It is a complete look of the horror and the camaraderie of men doing the job they were sent to do. A must have for any war movie collection.
B00003CXZ1|5.0|Hey, what the heck!  This is a movie adaptation of a video game, for pete's sake.  What do you expect?  This movie is flashy, fun, wildly ridiculous, campy, and adventurous.  Angelina Jolie pouts and moves appropriately; the action sequences are well choreographed, and the bad guys lose.  What more could one want in this type of movie.  Iain Glen is sufficiently villainous; Daniel Craig is a hunky, if traitorous, former associate; Chris Barrie is delightful as Lara's manservant, Hillary; and Noah Taylor as nerdy Bryce couldn't be better.  Grame Revill's score is nice, and Simon West's direction, while not all that original, moves the film along.<br />One shouldn't look for Oscar caliber material all the time; just sit back and watch instead of play the video game movie!
0451169514|5.0|Bent over an aged tome of great evil, I struggled to breath.  As my sights clambered over countless sentances, my imagination deciphered the seemingly Innocent words to unleash the true terror within, reducing it to the monsterous mass of twisted and warped fear within.  Just as my soul recieved the acrid bolt of terror that seemed certain to finish off my poor, young heart, I reached the end of the page, and by some sheer, enticing will similar to the enmpty rumbling promises of the devil himself, I turned the page; My eyes fluttered over the next sentace, and I sent out shrieks of living, agonized horrer-right into my grandfather's ear.  The malignant leer he fized me with spoke for the whole bus.  Grinning foolishly, I returned to my used copy of IT...<BR>     Like most King novels, It beats a path in the opposite direction of most &quot;classic&quot; subjects, and into the world of &quot;what if?&quot;, inventing it's own theme along the way.  A tale of an ancient evil that is as old as the shapeless mass that spawned forth all life on this planet, killing children (and adults that get to close to IT's true identity) by taking shapes of things that scare us, things we love, and things yet unknown to humanity.  Untill, that is , a group of childern come together, as if drawn by a mysterious force, to face the ultimate evil, the pure terror of IT (who is &quot;the turtle&quot; anyway?).  The movie doesn't do this book justice, and it more or less changes the ending; not as dramaticly as &quot;The Shining&quot; was chnged, but pretty close.  One of the best books I have had the pleasure to read, with a satisfying, bitter sweet &quot;Crunch&quot; of a ending to such a great book.  For adults and mature teens only please!
B00006879E|2.0|This is a classic example of the rest of the album not living up to the single.  Sure, &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; is a good song.  It is the reason I gave 2 stars.  The rest of the album comes across listless and weak after the opener.  Please, listen to the tepid samples on amazon and you will see the rest of the songs seem flat.
B000069AUI|1.0|There is but one hit song and it keeps playing in my head.  Clocks is a mezmerizing tune with beautiful lyrics masterfully tuned in to the waves of euphoria which surround it.  The rest of this album is drab, mundane, boring, sleeping with the fish.  Coldplay has proven with one song that every band has the opportunity to produce something special.  It is just too bad that they didn't apply that special something to the rest of this lackadasicle blob of plastic.
B0000DD7LC|5.0|Alicia Keys has done it again with this album. My fav is &quot;if i aint got u&quot;. She should win a grammy for this song. I dont like every song but this album has at least 5 or 6 number one songs.check out songs like &quot;karma&quot; and &quot;if i was ur woman&quot;. It was definetly worth the money. For all those haters that dogged her album u dont know good music. This is one of the best albums i heard in a while. Alicia is one of the most talented female r&amp;b singers of all time.
B0001LJCMK|4.0|While Queens of the Stone Age are going the way of the over-praised rock bands before them (meaning they get more popular as they grow less interesting), Josh Homme drops this joyous side-project.  Eagles of Death Metal features Homme in the Dave Grohl role as drummer, vocals and guitars by Jesse Hughes, and more guitars by Timmy VanHamel.  Peace Love Death Metal couldn't be more fun - fifteen slabs of boogie metal, including a kicking cover of \\"Stuck in the Middle with You\\" that they've renamed \\"Stuck in the Metal\\".  \\"San Berdoo Sunburn\\" takes T-Rex to the desert.  \\"Speaking in Tongues\\" introduces Elvis to the Donnas.  Elsewhere, the spirit of \\"Spirit in the Sky\\" takes over - it's glam dancing rock for sun damaged meth heads everywhere (metaphorically speaking).
6305428557|4.0|This unassuming film takes place during World War I in a Welsh village when two English cartographers, Anson (Hugh Grant) and the more senior Garrad (Ian McNeice), arrive as part of the war effort to map the Welsh countryside. The villagers are jubilant that they are finally going to be noticed since they have what they call &quot;the first mountain in Wales&quot;  within their boundaries. Unfortunately, to qualify as a mountain in the eyes of the British government, the peak must be 1000 feet high and, of course, this one falls just short, much to the outrage and sorrow of the townspeople.  To have their mountain reclassified as a hill threatens their regional pride and identity.  Naturally, they stubbornly set out to do something about it.  In a town with so few surnames that people are designated by profession or personality - Williams the Petroleum or Evans the End of the World - the town has its surprising divisions that first must be bridged.<br />The charm of this film lies in its gentle good humor and the coziness of the small Welsh community it evokes.  Everything about this film is simple - the premise, the characters, the conflict, the resolution - and this lack of complexity allows the determination of its characters to shine through in a way that a more boisterous film would not. Hugh Grant plays his usual awkwardly charming character, fitting for the role but occasionally annoying.  Colm Meaney is wonderful as innkeeper Morgan the Goat, and Kenneth Griffith turns in a remarkable performance as Morgan's foil, the elderly but feisty Rev.  Jones.  Tara Fitzgerald is radiant as the love interest Betty.  Ian Hart as Johnny Shellshocked nicely underplays his part as the young man returned from the war with emotional scars.<br />Indie film aficionados and Hugh Grant fans will probably like this movie more than the average American viewer will.  This quiet exploration of the huge emotional difference wrought by a few feet will delight those seeking a feel-good movie without commercial flashiness.  Stay away if you are looking for a hilarious romantic comedy because, chances are, you won't find it here.od movie without commercial flashiness.  Stay away if you are looking for a hilarious romantic comedy because, chances are, you won't find it here.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|We already know that this is the King of all movies so I will just comment on this DVD release.  We own nearly 400 DVD's and have rented many others, both old and new, and I must say that the picture quality on Once Upon a Time in the West is by FAR AND ABOVE the best looking transfer of any DVD that I have EVER seen.  Did I mention this movie is nearly 40 years old??
0385336810|3.0|Throughtout &quot;Can You Keep a Secret&quot; I kept longing for Becky Bloomwood and her frazzled albeit funny life. &quot;Secret&quot; is a fast read, and I very much enjoy Kinsella's writing style. However, there just wasn't a real spark to keep me interested. In other words, it took me a long weekend to finish rather than simply a day devouring each page. I would recommend people iffy about this to wait for paperback.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Greatest Album of the 90's<BR>Yes, it's true, 1427 reviewers can't be wrong. An amazing album and perhaps the most perfectly produced album EVER. After OK Computer, Radiohead KNEW they could do anything they wanted (experimenting in Amnesiac and Kid A - both great albums as well) and people would still listen. U2 actually did the same electronic experimenting after their masterpiece - Achtung Baby. It seems that these bands feel invincible - with, however, good reason. Well, yes, maybe it is nice to constantly be surprised as Radiohead churns out something completely different and brilliant each time around- but nothing tops OK Computer.
B000002B5L|5.0|In 1996, hip hop was a different place, although a few years from becoming the wack music it is now. Pac and Biggie were still alive, Jay-Z was getting started, Nas reigned supreme, and you had the Fugees, a group who were SO momumental together that their presence was always something to behold. This album, their second, is BRILLIANT. They released hit songs in 96 from this album, and they did what most other artists CAN'T do: they TOPPED their first album, and they did it with supreme excellence. Here's the review:<br />Album Highlights: Too many to mention here, but there is NO filler.<br />Production: Thumbs up, Wyclef earned his bones with the beats, and so did Pras, Lauryn, and Diamond D.<br />Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs Up.<br />Originality: Thumbs up, almost like A Tribe Called Quest in a way.<br />The Last Word: In today's hip hop, we could certainly use a group like The Fugees. But, I'm afraid it won't happen again, but you never know(Mase is returning)!!! But with this album, The Fugees collectively were on top of their game, as they really brought out the best in each other. Classic album??? Definitely. Another strong recommendation for this album. You will enjoy this.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|While I see the adulation here for \\"a masterpiece\\" and \\"a movie that makes you think\\", all I saw was two people feeling sorry for themselves and comisserating in Tokyo.  Let me break down the plot for you - there is no plot.  The whole thing is like a Seinfeld episode without humor.    I think that all of the excitement over this movie was due to the director's last name.  If she were Sophia Kent or Sophia Adams or anything besides Sophia Coppolla, this film would've never been made.  It's got her name attached and so people think it must be great.  They drum up some intellectual mumbo-jumbo about how meaningful the whole thing is and then a bunch of morons jump on the bandwagon, not wanting to be left behind and thought of as unsophisticated.    Save yourself two hours of your life and do something - anything - besides watching this movie.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|Man, after reading some of the vehemently negative reviews posted here, I feel like George Bush at a Howard Dean rally by expressing a somewhat different view.<BR>I like this CD. To me, its the best thing EC has done since his Cream years. Think of Cream's music and EC's work with John Mayall, then think of years of commercial garbage like I Shot the Sheriff and worse and you'll see what I mean.<BR>When I bought this, I wasn't expecting &quot;authenticity&quot;, some of the media hype prior to its release notwithstanding. And I didn't expect a CD full of Cream-like power blues. Actually, I didn't really expect anything, but I hoped that the CD would redeem him in the eyes of old fans like myself who have endured nearly thirty lean years with hardly a bone thrown our direction.<BR>It has done this. Yes, Me and Mr Johnson is a lot more polished than other Johnson tributes I have heard and no, its not &quot;authentic&quot;. But to my ears, it is quite enjoyable. Clapton has his own way with the blues and here he and his capable sidemen give us his interpretation of Robert Johnson's music and nothing more.<BR>Robert Johnson was no doubt a great songwriter and I like all the songs here no matter who covers them. On this CD, I like the interpretations of Me and the Devil Blues, Last Fair Deal Gone Down, Stop Breakin' Down Blues, If I Had Possession Over Judgement Day, and Love In Vain the best.<BR>If you are a Clapton fan and make an honest attempt to listen to the album for what it is rather than constantly comparing the songs to the originals, you may find you really like this. Listen as though you are hearing these songs for the first time. Eric Clapton can't be Robert Johnson and he shouldn't try to be. He can only be himself and on Me and Mr Johnson he offers us his homage to the man he holds to be his chief musical influence. Check it out for yourself!
B0001BKAEY|1.0|I find it hard to put my feelings regarding this movie into words.  But here's a try: disgusting, revolting, frustrating, completely unfulfilling, and wholly depressing.<br />What could have and should have been an uplifting story of human perseverance and our ability to adapt and overcome great challenges instead ended with heavy-handed religious obligations and hollow compromise.<br />I cannot begin to describe how horrible an atrocity this film was.  So much promise, so much disappointment.<br />Even the fabled special effects and fight scenes were puppet-like and predictable, leaving this film without a single redeeming quality.
B00006879E|4.0|I heard &quot;This Love&quot; about two summers ago. I fell in love with it and got the album right away. It's great that they're finally getting the exposure that they need on radio and TV. Never before have I heard such a great blend of funk, soul, and rock. Unless you've got a stick up your ass it's hard to imagine why you wouldn't like this album.<br />I gave it 4 stars because I find myself getting bored with it sometimes, however the album is still one of my favorites will be getting a lot of play in the years to come.
B0000DD7LB|4.0|Yeah I went and read some of the 1 star reviews, too.  It kind of amused me that some people thought that you have to be either a dumb kid or a testostorone-driven guy to write a good review of Britney's CD.  I'm a 21 year old female college student, and I really, really like this CD - it's fun! It's not supposed to be mature or deep, or display great vocal talent, it's supposed to be fun to dance to, and it is!  Just listening to it makes me wanna dance and puts me in a good mood...so if anyone has a problem with that too bad :) <BR>    So.  I am female, not testostorone-driven.  I am not a teenybopper.  My fav. artist is Ani Difranco...and yeah, I like Britney!
B000003B6J|5.0|N.W.A. made their mark in hip hop, perhaps like NO OTHER group on the West Coast has or ever will again. This album is one of the greatest albums of all time, just for the sheer historical value surrounding it(they received letters from the F.B.I., they said things on this record that NO ONE thought of saying at the time, etc).Dr.Dre, Eazy-E, Ice Cube, MC Ren, and DJ Yella were THE crew in the west. This AWESOME album showed their collective strength as a forced to be reckoned with. There will NEVER be another group this tough again. Here's the review:<br />Album Highlights: Straight Outta Compton, F**k Tha Police, Gangsta,Gangsta, Dopeman(Remix), 8Ball, Quiet On Tha Set, and Parental Discretion Iz Advised.<br />Production: Thumbs up, the first of many Dr.Dre gems.<br />Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs up, largely on the strength of Ice Cube.<br />Originality: Thumbs up, no one else was coming like this in 1988, from the east OR west.<br />The Last Word: What a BLOCKBUSTER album this is. The intensity shown on this record will NEVER be matched again, by ANYONE. N.W.A. defied the odds and released one TREMENDOUS album that'll stand the test of time. STRONGLY RECOMMENDED.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|I still have not learned my lesson:if the film critics praise a movie I will probably hate it.  I tried watching this movie twice; both times I fell asleep.  I understand there are those who find this film beautifully realistic and a glimpse of people as they really are, but why watch a movie for that - just go sit on a bench at Wal-Mart and observe life as it walks by you.  I found no point to this movie and it was simply BORING!  I figured I had missed something the first time I had fallen asleep so I watched it again.  Out like a light about 3/4 of the way through.  This movie is the best sleep aid on the market!!  Better than Ambien!  You observe real life everyday - let Hollywood make exciting films. We want to be entertained.
B0000AEKAW|3.0|When I listened to this album, I was startlingly reminded of why I don't listen to gregorian chant. Melismatic singing I propose was to instill a state of mind for the listener, not to entertain. While the production of this album is undeniably first rate, this doesn't make it a first rate recording. <br />For the VH1 Divas concert of April 2004, Beyonce wasn't even sniffed at and maybe this album and her 2004 grammy performance are why. No matter how good looking someone can be, which Beyonce is without a doubt, why can't her producers match it by having her use her doubtless singing talent instead of suffocating it with mind-boggling videos and artsy overblown stage productions?<br />I'll bet she doesn't see much of the ridiculous $23 charged for one disc. Beyonce is an undenaible talent but this album is as far from history making music as any album in recent memory, and she has her producers to blame.
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is probably one of the most acclaimed Science Fiction books ever written.  It also somehow manages to evade a large amount of readers, mainly because of 2 misconceptions.<br />The first, and most common, is that this is a children's book.  Some schools have even picked up on this, choosing it for 7th or 8th grade classrooms.  Many people choose not to read it because of this, without realizing that it was never meant to be a children's book.  Yes, the main character is a child, but the characters and subject matter are much more suitable for an adult novel, and the writing style is clearly more adult oriented, without the simple plotlines most carry.  The existential undertones also bring this out of the realm of children's books.  Unfortunately, many people don't realize and just say \\"Eh, it's a kids book, why bother?\\"  <br />The second main reason people don't read this book is because \\"It's Sci-Fi, and I don't like Sci-Fi.\\"  What they don't realize is, yes, it's sci-fi, but it's more than that.  A very little bit of science fiction is actually in this book.  It is, for the most part, an examination of childhood innocence, the true meanings of right and wrong, and the mental struggles of pressure.  This book is much more psychological than Science Fiction, as the emphasis is constantly put on the mental state of Ender Wiggin, other than alien killing and the usual Science Fiction fare.  In all honestly, this book would be just as effective if it weren't science fiction at all.  The idea of simulated wars and children being trained as soldiers could be set in modern times or the past just as well.  I would challenge anyone who doesn't like Science Fiction to read this and not like it.<br />Once you get past those two misconceptions, you get to see what a wonderful book Ender's Game really is.  The concept is intriguing, the characters, especially the main character, are superbly developed.  The ideas about war, peace, existance and willpower will certainly get you thinking, and the ending will leave you wanting more.  Thankfully, there are plenty of sequels.<br />One last note, if you read this book, I would highly reccomend you read Ender's Shadow as well.  It gives valuable background information and character development which can make the original all the more enjoyable.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|Two weeks since its release we have come to see absolution hit... what?... number 2000 or something in sales figures. Come on, this is not very fair is it? A band that finally compares slightly with radiohead and its been tossed off!? A couple of tracks- sing for absolution, blackout- may not appeal to the hey ya! generation, but this IS good music. Time is running out, Hysteria, The Small Print, Thoughts of a dying atheist, Butterflies &amp; Hurricanes. All really good songs. If I were in America I would buy a million copies of this-this refers to rich me as well- justthe thing Muse needs: massive publicity. If I could just show everyone how good muse are I don't think I'd have anything to complain about. For the wary, here's a website:<br />[...]<br />Everything you need to know- and it's worth it. This is a band you can trust to make some really good music in the future and in this Album, absolution. BUY!
B00005AQF7|5.0|Snoop Dogg reigned supreme in 93 with this CLASSIC. Snoop was perhaps one of the coolest rappers to emerge from the west during this time, and when he dropped this album, he took the east AND the west by storm. And what resulted was his ABSOLUTE BEST album to this very day. Here's the review:<br />Album Highlights: The ENTIRE album, EVERY song here literally is a classic.<br />Production: Thumbs up, laced with the supreme skills of Dr.Dre.<br />Lyrics and Subject Matter: Thumbs up, Snoop doesn't rhyme like this today.<br />Originality: Thumbs up.<br />The Last Word: It's a shame that we don't have THIS Snoop today. But in 93, he was on top of the world, on top of his game, and TRULY in his prime. He didn't peak until he went to the corny No Limit Records in an attempt to resurrect his career. But with Doggystyle, he forged an unforgettable classic, up there with the likes of Dre's The Chronic. Another STRONG recommendation for this album. You won't regret buying this album.
B00000JZI9|5.0|Having grown up on 1950's Saturday afternoon matinees, I tend to judge movies on a feel good scale.  Never mind if the director was politically correct or if the script was an homage to another era.  A movie passed muster if it accomplished a few simple things:  Did I wish there was more movie to watch as the end credits rolled?  Did the movie pass the Suspension of Disbelief test?  Did I cheer the hero and boo the villain?  Did I leave the theatre wishing I was one of the characters or that I lived in that time/place?  Silverado achieved all that and more.  <BR>So what if the story was formulaic?  Who cares that in the real west there weren't any quick draw gunfighters who wore their guns slung low?  And we won't quibble about the violence or language being whitewashed to qualify for a PG-13.  The movie was entertaining and believable.  It was easy to determine who the good guys were (even if they wore a black hat).  And the ensemble cast made each character memorable.  Kevin Costner's unaffected portrayal of Jake (\\"All I did was kiss a girl\\") and the great Joe Seneca as Ezra Johnson are two standouts.  The scenery and music were spectacular and the sets and costumes made me wish I could sit propped up against a jailhouse wall dressed like Sheriff Cobb.  Or back out of a saloon and get two bad guys at one time.<BR>I've been waiting patiently for the sequel.  Or maybe Jake was just foolin' about when he turned on his horse and yelled, \\"We'll be back!\\"
B0000AQVCL|1.0|Sample lyric from Rollover DJ - <br />&quot;I wanna move but I don't feel right<BR>Cause you've been playing other peoples songs all night&quot;<br />Oh the irony.
B00013F38K|5.0|With the show kung fu being shown in widescreen,I dont understand why some reviewers are so angry at how the video came to be on dvd.The picture is twice as better than the one that was broadcast. Why, because you are getting the origianl format, plus the picture as well as the sound is going to be better because it has been remasterd. Now you probably wondaring how i know that the picture is in it's origianl form. Well if you have the dvd,go disc 1 side b and click on the special feature the tao of caine production and beyond. Look for the last segment of the presentation, title, all good things must come to an end. In which david caradine describes how he was getting tired of playing the role of caine. You will see a photo in which it looks like david is preparing for a shoot. He is setting at a table while a camara is shooting him. The camara reads panavision on the top.Panavison is a widescreen lense that camaras use to shoot theatrical movies. So now you are getting more action from the sides in which the brodcast version was missing. I dont understand why the top and bottom of the picture is more important than the left and right.More action is portrayed from left and right than top and bottom. May I also add,that the photo that's in that clip is from kung fu.Why? because each photo illustated what was being told from the producers and stars of the show when they were interviewed. If the dvd gave us the broadcast version would we loose information form the sides?yes. Since the dvd is cropped, and we are losing top and bottom information are we missing any action? no. Since the director shot it in widscreen we are seeing his vision,thus we are seeing it in it's original form not brodcast form. Think about it.
0743454529|5.0|When i first began reading My Sister's Keeper, i was not sure i liked the story jumping around from every character's point of view, but that uncertainty quickly disappeared. This is an amazing book because it seems so real, more like non-fiction. I'm very busy and do not really read for pleasure much, but i couldn't put it down and finished it very quickly, you should do the same!
B0001AVZA8|4.0|I'm only 28, and yet I still really enjoyed and appreciated this film. Why? Because it's the first romantic comedy I've seen in a long time that I didn't find to be a complete insult to my intelligence. On a surface level, this film is about an aging playboy who's spent his life chasing youth and beauty, who inadvertently falls for the middle-aged, successful yet lonely mother of his current trophy girlfriend. However, beyond that premise, this film has lots to say about intimacy, romance, loneliness and love that I think people of any age can relate to. The script isn't perfect, but it is genuinely clever, thoughtful, and touching. Jack Nicholson and Diane Keaton, both screen icons, give fantastic performances that carry the film. Diane Keaton is especially excellent: she has an amazing ability to display several complex emotions at once. All you need to do is look at her face to know exactly what her character is thinking and feeling. Overall, a smart and insightful comedy.
B000021XS0|5.0|Believe all the reviews... this album is simply amazing. Too bad it isnt more popular...
B00000JPH6|5.0|Jim Henson was an absolute genius. I can't state this enough. Labrynth, the Dark Crystal and many other movies and television shows (that were way ahead of their time) just show how much of a genius and shows the attention to detail he offers.  This movie drags you into their world and is quite believeable in all ways, shapes and forms. He was an artist and an entertainer and this is just more proof that he'll never be forgotten in the timeless Dark Crystal.<br />I saw this in the theatres when I was a little girl and it did scare me a lot, the Skekzes (sorry about the spelling if it's incorrect) and some other characters scared me, but it should be enjoyable by most, if not all children and adults (I was just a very &quot;chicken hearted&quot; child).
B0000DD79B|5.0|I considered myself a Simon and Garfunkel fan but there are songs on this album I'd never heard of before.  If you only are interested in the songs that get radio play, go with The Best of Simon and Garfunkel - although the problem with that collection is that it features some live performances instead of the studio versions.  To the casual listener, this two-CD collection features EVERY Simon &amp; Garfunkel song you could possibly want - the familiar and the not-so familiar.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Tarantino is like fine wine...he gets better with age.  He is the coolest, hippest, most complete film director of the last 50 years.  This film rocks out.
B000092ZYX|2.0|Don't get this horrible exuse for a great band. Like radiohead. GO BUY THE BENDS OR KID A..... BUT NOT THIS.  there are hardly any good songs.  geez radiohead.... MAKE GOOD MUSIC NEXT TIME
B000021YQV|4.0|Upon hearing the song Toxicity on MTV I had absolutely no hesitation in buying this album knowing that it would contain at least one gem. What I didn't expect was such consistency.<BR>Initially tracks like X and Forest do not stand out as much as MTV hits Chop Suey! and Toxicity, however on further listens you will discover that it is the lesser known tracks that hold your interest and ensure this album stays in your cd player for a while. I now hope to see these guys live at some stage to see if the energy displayed on this album translates as well in live performance.
B000069AUI|5.0|This album is my introduction to Coldplay.  I don't usually buy the albums of top-20 artists because I don't feel it's worth the investment.  However, of all the bands out there, I feel the Coldplay is one of the few who have the potential for greatness.  Their sound is very original.  Chris Martin's vocals are somewhat ethereal - combined with the unique songwriting, creates a very haunting album.  It is worth the money.<br />Oh, and incidentally, listen to the song \\"Clocks\\" and then listen to the theme from the movie Halloween.  Is it just me or are they similar?  Maybe it is just that they are both in 7/8 time.
0698119347|4.0|It's a dark night and a boy name Alex Rider is in his house. That night the police walk to the door and we hear a knocks, when I answer they say my Uncle was killed in a car collison. Anthony Howilitz gives great detial on Alex Rider adventure to sovle his Uncle's case. The StormBreaker is like James Bond but in kid view.<br />     Alex Rider is a normal kid, or so as he thinks. When he learns about his Uncles death and goes snooping around in the junkyard and fines his uncles car covered with bullet holes. M16 catches him at this junkyard and takes him to there head quarters and forces him to become an agent.<BR>The agency has to prepare differntly because kids are not allowed to carry guns legally so they give him other tools. Alex is sent to Port tallon near london. His mission is to stop the Storm Breaker Project and is put to his limits<br />     This book will fill yor thrill for anyone wanting to know how hard it is to be a kid agent. Alex puts his limits to the test by putting himself in danger constantly. So pick up a copy at your local library. I'd also suggest reading he other books by Anthony Howlitz called Point Blank & Skeleton Key.
B00000348D|3.0|this and i repeat this is not your grandma,s jazz. this is free jazz at its best.  It only gets 3 stars cuz it is a short album
B000089RVX|3.0|I am happy to splash out the cash for an album if it contains at least four good songs which is precisely what this album does.<BR>The tracks Going Under and My Immortal are the real highlights. If you told me an album which sounds like a cross between Celine Dion and Linkin Park could be half decent I wouldn't believe it, yet surprisingly this album is pretty solid.
B00008S2VG|5.0|Like what others say, I am a big Madonna fan, and I bought her album &quot;American Life&quot; almost one year ago.  At First, I did not appreciate the lyrics, but I just love the tunes, but as you keep on listening this album, you can reveal what Madonna wants to provoke in this album.  I appreciate the lyrics more than ever.  This is the most matured lyrics that Madonna has ever done and very personal as well.  A music that have deep meanings will always be beautiful - for a lifetime.  I want to give two thumbs up to Madonna.  This is a very good CD.  A very worth to buy.  I can't wait for her upcoming album which was rumored to be release on 2005.  &quot;AMERICAN LIFE&quot; album - 5 STARS Very Excellent.  Keep up the good work Madonna....
0679437223|5.0|Catch 22 captivated my attention from the very beginning.  I'm not one to read books and enjoy them, but this one was different.  It showed the stupidity of war and hateful situations with satire.  Yossarian, the main character, leads us through his thoughts and actions, basically through a maze of situations unbeknownst to any but an unlucky sane soldier.  There are times when you are so confused and enraged with what the way hierarchy decides things, you want to get inside their heads and figure out what they are thinking.  <br />We are reminded through Yossarian and other characters, Hungry Joe especially, that what may seem to be nonsense could very well be sensible, and what is known to be good could be bad.  Hungry Joe reacts the opposite way you would expect a person to, when things are horrible he is happy, and when things are fine, he is miserable.
B000005JA8|5.0|But then is it good. Why yes it is.  Here are the best songs off the album<br />Dachu blues<br />Moonlight on vermont<br />veteran's poppy<br />wild life<br />ella guru.  If you never heard free jazz or avent-rock before. You won't get it
B0000009RX|5.0|Original musical concept, cool textures of the sound, Zappa got his name in my files for his humoristic way of cooking music and also his parodic poetry.
B00004X01U|5.0|If you are looking for a cool dance tracks of Madonna's album, &quot;Music&quot; album is the best album to buy.  My most favorite track here is of coruse - Music.  An album with wonderful and avant-garde dance beats. Worth to buy....
B00006CXSS|5.0|I am a history buff who specializes in WWII and the Civil War.  I have never seen such an impressively researched and presented epic, probably because it is the truth (unvarnished) from those that were there.  The producers really did it right by using actors who were previously unknown to American audiences, thus instead of concentrating on the actors and their work in other venues, we tend to pay more attention to the actual story.  This movie is a must for students of history.  I was also impressed that no conclusions on war are drawn other than 'war is hell' and soldiers do what they must.  It is truly a tribute to the greatest generation
B0000AQVCL|5.0|Finally a good new rock album. Much better then that emo and pop-punk trash that they show on mtv.<br />This really really really reminds me of ac/dc
B0002234LS|3.0|I reluctantly went to see SECRET WINDOW at the urging of my younger brother. He had seen the movie several weeks before I did and recommended that I see it if I got the chance. So, when the film came to the local budget cinema, I made a point to watch it. The film was everything I thought it would be and nothing more.<br /><br />The story itself is pretty average. Johnny Depp stars as Mort Rainey, a writer who is in the process of getting a divorce from his wife. He loves his wife very much and really doesn't want the divorce, but she has been pressing the matter for some time. In the meantime, Rainey has moved out of their home and is living in their summer cabin. He's been trying to finish his new book. Unexpectedly a strange man wearing a wide-brimmed black hat shows up at his door. The strange man calls himself John Shooter (John Turturro) and claims that Rainey stole a story from him several years ago. Shooter wants Rainey to correct the mistake by rewriting the ending to the story. Rainey claims that he wrote his story several years before Shooter wrote his. Shooter gives Rainey three days to prove it to him and to show that he means business, Shooter kills Rainey's dog late at night. Thus, a game of cat and mouse begins. Unfortunately, the game doesn't really go anywhere. The suspense doesn't build up in the right way and the ending of the movie leaves the audience longing for something more.<br /><br />The acting in the movie is rather well done, however. Johnny Depp is almost always entertaining to watch and John Turturro stands his ground well. Turturro's silent, yet steady presence serves as the perfect foil to Depp's frantic and exaggerated style.<br /><br />Overall, the film wasn't all that bad and had some good acting, but the plot left something to be desired. SECRET WINDOW reminded me of another movie based upon a Stephen King story: THE DARK HALF. I enjoyed THE DARK HALF more than SECRET WINDOW, but if you take the supernatural element out of THE DARK HALF you're basically left with a SECRET WINDOW.RK HALF you're basically left with a SECRET WINDOW.
B00005JMEW|5.0|BLOOD OUT THE @$$ and one kick ass director!!
7119005901|5.0|One of the best stories I've ever (I don't read that much though).It makes you think that you have actualy witnessed it<BR>and to some can be found quite sad (not me).It's a bit complicated and to think but thats what i like about a book.
B000060P79|5.0|This is NOT my type of music, but you can't help but fall into Simple Plan's spell! They have awesome harmonising and the instruments are very well done. If you're on a long jounrey in the car and you're falling asleep pop this cd into the player and you'll be awake (and everyone else in the car) in no time! Believe me people, this is punk. Totally different from blink I feel but I prefer them to blink's type of punk. Fun songs, a few slow songs but all are great songs. If this type of music is your thing, you won't go amiss with this cd!
B00005AWMF|5.0|This is a nice Best Of and a great introduction to Sade for the newbie!
B00005JMEW|5.0|Since 1993, when I first saw Reservoir Dogs, to last night when I added this gem to my collection, I have been a die hard Tarantino fan. And KillBill feels like it was made just for us diehards, and movie geeks. <BR> Its been reviewed to death here so I will just say ...<BR>  Thanks Q.T., we love ya.......
6305313687|4.0|It is a bit melodramatic and tries too hard to tackle a whole bunch at once, but this is a good film from both  artistic and socially redeeming standpoints.  There is some horrible violence and a ton of swearing in this racially charged movie, but both my teens have seen and enjoy this movie because of the message \\"hate is baggage\\".<br />If the idea of a coming of age film set in modern times tackling hard core social/race related issues sounds interesting to you, then you'll appreciate this work.  If you're put off by films that aren't happy go lucky with sweet outcomes, then you'll probably want to pass.<br />As for owning it, it's a hard call.  It's kind of depressing, but it's also a slice of life from many and it does carry a strong message.  I'd suggest renting first, but I do give the film a good recommendation.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|I really enjoy this CD. It, I feel, is true to the honesty and spirit of the original songs by Robert Johnson. Eric C. captures a lot of the feeling of the raw energy similiar to the originals. The blending of the music and song is well done making them seem equally important. The music of Robert Johnson really defines the 'blues' in the very best way. EC has updated and refined this to a degree but the music is still moving, gritty and sad-as it should be.
B00000JTB2|5.0|Well this interesting set was released in 1999 and has become Albert King's best selling LP ever. The impromptu meeting is billed as the first recording of them together. It is probably not true, they were on HBO's A Blues Session (currently unavailable) in the mid-1980s with Paul Butterfield (his last appearance). However, this is an interesting session and very enjoyable to any Blues lover. The tunes are extended and you can get a feel for the music, essential with good Blues listening.<br />Albert encourages Stevie to play up with him, but curiously, he hangs back through most of the session. He had played with Albert dozens of times in Dallas and I saw him once with Albert in New York (Late night) in the late 1980s. So, they knew each other quite well. The selection is primarily Albert numbers with &quot;Pride and Joy&quot; being SRV's only vocal outing. But, it is a great CD to appreciate the roots of most of SRV's playing- although one can hear T-Bone Walker, Freddie King, Jimi Hendrix and others- anyway no one really plays like Albert!<br />Highlights include &quot;Overall Junction&quot; a great rendition of Albert's first (and originally recorded in mono!) Stax tune! A great version with flowing solos. &quot;Blues at Sunrise&quot;, Albert's old Bobbin/King Records number. This one is really a showcase for their inventive styles- Albert's bending with Stevie's melodic innovation. This CD is essential for any Blues fan or guitarist. Why don't they release the show as a DVD-It has been 5 years!!!! This is AK's best selling recording!<br />The words of wisdom between each track are interesting. This idea was also taken up by the 2003 release &quot;Talkin Blues&quot;. It is good to hear the voice of Albert who has now been gone 12 years- SRV, 14! I think this historic CD should be a part of every Blues music collection-it combines the old (er) with the newer 1980s style of playing and leads into the present day. Also, Albert's tone and style of playing at this time has also been recently showcased with the recent release of the DVD: &quot;Albert King Live in Sweden&quot;, it is much the same vintage.me has also been recently showcased with the recent release of the DVD: &quot;Albert King Live in Sweden&quot;, it is much the same vintage.
B000063V8U|5.0|In the sixth season, Star Trek: The Next Generation decided to go off in some new directions and new ideas.  The season opens with the conclusion of the cliffhanger Time's Arrow.  The second adventure is better than the first...a great way to finish the story.  We revert again back to the Original series a bit with &quot;Relics&quot; which contains James Doohan guest starring as &quot;Scotty&quot;.  Humor came through in &quot;A Fistful of Datas&quot; and we saw Patrick Stewart give arguably his best performance of the series in &quot;Chain of Command&quot;.  The sixth season contains my personal favorite sequence of the series which is Data's dream sequence in &quot;Birthright, Part I&quot;.  I think the sixth season was when Star Trek: The Next Generation was at its best.  It was the climax of the entire show.  It ends with Descent...probably the best cliffhanger since &quot;The Best of Both Worlds&quot;.<br />Personal Favorite Episodes:<br />Time's Arrow: Part II, Relics, Schisms, True Q, Rascals, A Fistful of Datas, Chain of Command: Parts I and II, Face of the Enemy, Tapestry, Birthright, Part I, Starship Mine, The Chase, Frame of Mind, Timescape, and Descent: Part I
B00005JMEW|5.0|The coolest movie ive ever seen.  Tarantino is god.
B00005JMEW|5.0|woooooo this is one of teh better movies i have ever saw  not only is it intellegent its kickass tarintino.   its basically a noon stop fight scene with monty python blood spurting in every direction and. i love tarintino and this just kicks ass theres just no other way to put ot
B00014K5TQ|5.0|I heard about \\"Party Monster\\" when it was being made from a friend. I was instantly interested because of my own experiences as a\\"clubkid\\".It wasn't until resently I saw the film.I wasn't familar with the Michael Alig crime at all. I truly enjoyed this movie so much I bought it the next day.I was not old enough at the time to experience the original Limelight days,but the directors did an excellent job capturing the vibe and to make the viewers feel like they were there.<BR>      The friends I watched the film with complained about Mac Culkin's performance.To be completely honest, I thought he was excellent, and very believable. I did not agree with the casting of Wilmer Valderrama as Keoki. If anyone reading this knows anything about DJ Keoki in real life,I'm sure you would agree with me.For one, Keoki doesn't have a South American accent, and he totally is not that down to earth.(Afterall, he is a superstar DJ!LOL).<BR> With that aside, I would tell everyone to at least see Party Monster once. In my collection, it is now a classic.
B000063V8T|5.0|By Season five, Star Trek: The Next Generation had matured enough that references to the Original series could be made without hurting the show's image.  It is another great season of writing and ideas.  The fifth season saw the end of the ongoing conflict with the Klingons that was building up over the past two seasons.  I have just one phrase to sum up the season: HORRAY FOR SPOCK!  Many great and interesting episodes with a few duds thrown in, but overall a great season.  The cliffhanger at the end of the season is not the best of them, but I still like it very much.<br />Personal Favorite Episodes:<br />Redemption: Part II, Darmok, Ensign Ro, Disaster, The Game, Unification: Parts I and II, A Matter of Time, Conundrum, Power Play, Ethics, Cause and Effect, The First Duty, The Perfect Mate, I, Borg, The Next Phase, The Inner Light, Time's Arrow: Part I
B00003CXXP|3.0|A.I. is one of those coulda-woulda-shoulda movies.  I love Steven Spielberg and I've never believed that he deserved the bad rap he had among &quot;serious&quot; filmmakers as simply a popcorn moviemaker, but there are points in his career where even admirers have to admit that he goes over the line when it comes to sentimentality and sappiness.  Sometimes it works (as in E.T. although I guess I'm the one person who didn't care for it) and sometimes it doesn't (as in Hook).  Even in those cases, there are plenty of things about the films that make them at least worth a viewing, but A.I. is the first Spielberg film where I just couldn't wait for it to be over.<br />For those who may disagree, let me just say first that I did indeed &quot;get it&quot;.  That aside, I found the film to be tedious and pedantic and running at least 30 minutes longer than it needed to.  Yes, it's a simple story but it doesn't mean that the characters can't have nuances and devices to make them more than just the one-dimensional characters they were.  Okay, you could argue, but they were supposed to be - they were robots.  That's true too, but Jude Law stands out as the truly memorable character because, even though he was a robot, he showed that he could respond to the situations around him more convincingly.<br />So why did I give three stars instead of two or one?  Because Spielberg, in his genius, still managed to hook me and get me to react emotionally to David's plight.  I can't remember the last time I saw a sci-fi tearjerker.  I suppose if were a little younger and single I might have reacted differently, but being a parent can't help but force reactions to a boy who is abandoned by his family and spends the rest of the film trying to get them back.  This is also a common Spielberg theme and, as mentioned previously, sometimes he makes it work and sometimes he doesn't.  I hated myself for falling for it, but sometimes you tip your hat to the filmmaker for pulling it off.<br />Also,as is typical with Spielberg, the effects are tremendous.  Although it's fantasy, everything appears plausible and realistic.  True dyed-in-the-wool sci-fi fans will probably enjoy this film more than I did.  I can't help wondering what it would have been like had Kubrick made it himself.
B00008ADPF|1.0|... so I played it side-by-side with &quot;How You Remind Me&quot;, the hit from their last album.  Guess what?  They're the SAME SONG!  Same length, same arrangement, same basic tracks, right down to the last drumbeat.  They took the original backing track, changed a few chords here and there, overdubbed in some new vocals and Presto - Another hit!  As P.T. Barnum once said, &quot;There's a sucker born every minute.&quot;
B000063V8S|5.0|The third season of Star Trek: The Next Generation laid a new foundation for the series and season four does nothing but continue right where season three left off with more great plot development and story telling.  In season four we saw the return of K'Ehlyr accompanied by Worf's son.  Season four continued to elaborate on plot elements concerning the Klingon empire that were laid down in Sins of the Father in season three.  The season built up to the major conflict with the episodes Reunion, Data's Day, The Mind's Eye, and brings it all to a climax in Redemption: Part I.  This season also has a direct effect on many of the plot elements in Deep Space Nine in the episode &quot;The Wounded&quot;.  There is also a new villain introduced that has yet another direct link to season three, however, that is not brought to light until the second part of the season ending cliffhanger in Season five.  A huge underlying theme in the fourth season is family.  A great season of continued excellence and not the last.<br />Personal Favorite Episodes:<br />The Best of Both Worlds: Part II, Family, Brothers, Reunion, Data's Day, The Wounded, Clues, The Nth Degree, QPid, The Drumhead, The Mind's Eye, Redemption: Part I.
B0000DJZ8R|1.0|First, the title is very misleading.  There are no grapes to be found in this movie.  Beyond that, it's just a very depressing movie.  They could have at least given it a happier ending to redeem all the drudgery that goes on for what seems like eternity.  And I'm not a historian or anything, but did a &quot;dust bowl&quot; really exist??  Buy this movie if you if you like to be depressed, but otherwise stay clear and get something like Police Academy instead.
B000089RVX|5.0|This is a spectacular CD.  At first I did think it was just so-so...But now I can't stop listening to it! I love it and I love her voice.  I don't know why this last person didn't like it.  I'm an old fogie too (42)and I would never consider this bubble gum pop, no way! (isn't that like Britney?) Listening to this CD is like looking at a piece of art.  The songs open up and bloom in to this beautiful bouquet. I also like how they have 2 versions of My Immortal  (#12 doesn't show on the cover).  So many good songs..My Last Breathe, one of my favorites.  Buy it now!
B000063V8R|5.0|Let's face it...the Second Season for Star Trek: The Next Generation was by far the weakest of the seven, but it did manage to keep the show moving.  It introduced the BORG, a villain that would remain a part of Star Trek all the way through Voyager and even into Enterprise.  At the end of the second season you saw only 22 episodes due to a strike by the writing staff.  Everyone was wondering how the third season would shape up and if the show would rebound.  Boy did it rebound!  The third season began with a brand new writing staff including Ronald D. Moore and Michael Pillar and began the series on its final five SUPERB seasons.  In the third season we saw the return of Denise Crosby and Tasha Yar and we got a deeper and more personal look at the BORG.  Season three also marks the return of Gates McFadden and Dr. Beverly Crusher (GREAT MOVE!).  Season three truely ushered in a new era of Star Trek Storytelling.<br />Personal favorite episodes:<br />Evolution, The Bonding, Booby Trap, The Enemy, The Defector, Deja Q, A Matter Of Perspective, Yesterday's Enterprise, The Offspring, Sins of the Father, Sarek, and The Best of Both Worlds
B0001BKAEY|5.0|Filmmaking at it's absolute best, truely what all directors, screenwriters and actors should aspire to.  A lot of people say that &quot;The Return of the Jedi&quot; was the best of the original Star Wars Trilogy, but I can honestly say that The Matrix Revolutions provided an even better and more fulfilling finish that that masterpiece.  Purchase this, because it's sure to enter the pantheon of great science fiction films, and you're likely to find yourself watching it again and again!
B00005JKC3|5.0|I'm not sure why this movie has taken such a pasting. I think it's a fine screen adaptation of the Stan Lee/Jack Kirby Marvel comic. (But it's not very much like the TV series with Bill Bixby and Lou Ferrigno, so maybe that's why it's getting such negative reactions.)<br />For comic-book geeks like me who were born in the early 1960s and grew up reading Marvel Comics (waaaaay cooler than DC), the last decade or so has been like a wet dream come true. Finally, the geeks have grown up and figured out ways to make possible _on the screen_ what those writers and artists used to do _on the page_. And filmmakers have already driven the Superman and Batman franchises into the ground, so they're finally getting around to the _good_ comics.<br />Well, it's going to take some doing to beat the X-Men and Spider-Man films, and I don't think this one is _quite_ up to that level. But I can't imagine why any reader of the Hulk comics would find it disappointing.<br />Stan Lee _always_ envisioned the Hulk as a combination of Jekyll/Hyde and Frankenstein. _Both_ of those stories are dark tales of scientific hubris and the horror it can wreak.<br />This screenplay and Ang Lee's direction take this film in precisely that direction (with some nanotech updates), and _of course_ the introductory exposition and development take some time. I don't think it's overlong; I think it's just right. (Granted, if you popped in the DVD just to watch an angry guy turn green, you may be a little impatient. But I don't see that as Ang Lee's fault.) The misuse-of-science theme is nicely sustained throughout the film (Glenn Talbot works for 'Atheon'; hee hee) and there's some genuine suspense as we s-l-o-w-l-y learn what was really happening in all those flashbacks.<br />Eric Bana is right on the money as the tortured and repressed Dr. Bruce Banner; Nick Nolte is pitch-perfect as his brilliant but deranged father David Banner; Jennifer Connelly is Jennifer Connelly; and the rest of the cast are in good form as well.<br />The CGI Hulk is -- no pun intended -- groundbreaking. I suppose if I really wanted to pick nits I could do it, but come on; this is pioneering motion-picture technology, and it's amazingly well done. (Ten years ago this stuff couldn't be done at all, and now we're complaining because some of us can _tell_ it's CGI? As opposed to what? A fifteen-foot-tall green actor?)<br />And real comics fans can have fun spotting the little references to the Marvel series. (Bruce _and_ David Banner? Bruce _Krenzler_? This stuff is nicely handled, if not exactly retconned, in the screenplay.)<br />I'd probably subtract half a star for a couple of slow spots, a little overuse of that comic-bookish splitscreen stuff, and some confusing action at the end. All in all, this film isn't quite as crisp and clear as the excellent X-Men films. But it most definitely partakes of That Ol' Marvel Spirit, and in particular it exemplifies Marvel's trademark ability (also exemplified in the X-Men films) to make the viewer empathize with the 'outcast' under attack from the 'real humans'.<br />If you want Bill Bixby, go watch an old episode of _The Courtship of Eddie's Father_. This is a terrific movie.form as well.<br />The CGI Hulk is -- no pun intended -- groundbreaking. I suppose if I really wanted to pick nits I could do it, but come on; this is pioneering motion-picture technology, and it's amazingly well done. (Ten years ago this stuff couldn't be done at all, and now we're complaining because some of us can _tell_ it's CGI? As opposed to what? A fifteen-foot-tall green actor?)<br />And real comics fans can have fun spotting the little references to the Marvel series. (Bruce _and_ David Banner? Bruce _Krenzler_? This stuff is nicely handled, if not exactly retconned, in the screenplay.)<br />I'd probably subtract half a star for a couple of slow spots, a little overuse of that comic-bookish splitscreen stuff, and some confusing action at the end. All in all, this film isn't quite as crisp and clear as the excellent X-Men films. But it most definitely partakes of That Ol' Marvel Spirit, and in particular it exemplifies Marvel's trademark ability (also exemplified in the X-Men films) to make the viewer empathize with the 'outcast' under attack from the 'real humans'.<br />If you want Bill Bixby, go watch an old episode of _The Courtship of Eddie's Father_. This is a terrific movie.
B000000OUE|5.0|All scored out of 10<br />Electric Head Pt. 1 (10 great song great lyrics)<br />Super Charger Heaven (7 I just dont love this song like others, still a great listen)<br />Real Solution #9 (11 A personal favorite Zombie's voice is just so awesome and the chorus is great!  I feel that if this was done by any other musician it would suck but Zombie pulls it off)<br />Creature of the Wheel (8 Great filler Song The whole band killed it on this song.)<br />Electric Head Pt. 2 (10 More great Zombie stuff.  His voice is great the whole thing just pops greatness)<br />Grease, Paint, and Monkey Brains (9 Great lyrics and a tune combined with Zombies voice= magic)<br />I, Zombie (8 Also great for a filler song.  Great lyrics it all gels well but it becomes all the better when it leads to...)<br />More Human Than Human (15 IMO it is the best Zombie song ever White or Rob.  I just love this song its in my Top 10 best songs ever.  Not enough can be said about it song)<br />El Phantasmo And The Chicken-Run Blast-O-Rama (6 Not that awesome.  Still pretty good.  Worth a second and third listen.  Not a mixtape maker)<br />Blur the Technicolor (8 I love the guitar in this song.  Zombie seems to be 2 people in this song.  I love his mixing in this song.)<br />Blood, Milk, and Sky (5 Pretty Good song didn't get me in though...The best part was the hidden track)
0897500482|5.0|I have seen a little of 9 different types of martial arts and am a black belt in tae kwon do, and I know that bruce lee is deffinetly on to something.  This is pure genious.
B000000H6D|5.0|First of, I have the original release, the one that starts with Christian Woman and Black No. 1.  So I can't talk about the reissue, but I can talk about the record itself.  However I do want to get the reissue, it has different art work, (actually better art work than on the original (however the picture above doesn't have the new artwork)) and the different track listing which I'd like to hear.  <BR>The main things I'll say about this cd is that it took a little while to get used to, but now I really love the music, particularly the longer, slower darker tracks like Christian Woman, Black No 1, and a death in the family.  However the faster crazier songs help to break up the monotany of the rather samey sounding epic songs.  So basically the record flits between epics and fun hardcore songs.  It also has a very funny, and actually very good cover of Summer Breeze.  Type O Negative definatly isn't for everyone, and you might not like them right away, but if they do strike a chord of some sort they'll start to burrow in your head untill you have to listen to them alot, which is what happened to me.  Now I know most of the complex arrangements by heart.  I suggest some day when you have alot of time to sit down and listen to the whole thing in one sitting, it's a great cd.
B000005JA8|1.0|The perfect album for your next visit to a gulag.  Now you too can experience the unspeakable torture and pain that prisoners go through.  Now, if they could just fit a cat-o-nine-tails into the jewel case, it would constitute the complete experience.  Absolute torture in a box!<br />This album is like North Korea - crazy, devoid of substance, spiraling out of control, and a danger to everyone else.<br />Keep pretending to enjoy it, chumps.
B0001US62I|4.0|this movie is so accurate in its depiction of the humidity of Louzana, your DVD may drip out of the player without you touching an \\"open\\" button! truly mickey rourke's best role as a tortured man, an angry lover, and bewildered to the end as he is drawn into the strange world of the religion,(voodoo)culture, and the lust of a beautiful woman he cannot/will not escape from.  Robert DeNiro is verrry spooky and if you don't know the story, DON'T ask anyone and be surprised and pleasantly, tingly shocked at the ending!
B0001BKAEY|5.0|Matrix Revolutions is a completely satisfying finale to the finest science fiction trilogy ever!  I only wish there would be more...I hated for it to end.  Revolutions begins exactly where Reloaded left off...in fact, both were actually filmed together and I think it's best to view them one after another.  30 years ago I was entranced by Star Wars...I can still remember eagerly waiting for the sequels.  I watched them so many times I could quote every line.  The Matrix trilogy is better than Star Wars...better acting by far, better story, better special effects, better in every respect.  This superb finale to the trilogy surpassed even the first two in its special effects and overall splendor.  Best of all, you finally get to the bottom of what The Matrix is and who Neo is.  The resolution of all the loose ends comes together perfectly.  Maybe 30 years from now there will be a better sci-fi trilogy, but until then I am satisfied that I've seen the very best production possible in our day!
0446677450|5.0|This book really serves as an initial motivational tool to get someone started thinking about money in a sensible way.  By NO MEANS is it a bible of getting rich.  It is a good theorectical approach on how the rich stay rich, and in some cases, how they got rich in the first place.<br />The best theme I took away from this book was that in order to achieve financial freedom, I must first learn how money really works.  Since my reading of this book, I have read and continue to read more books and articles on financial independence, thus strengthening my &quot;Financial IQ&quot; as RK puts it.  There is no doubt that I have benefited from this book.  Those who wrote other comments vilifying the author may simply just be afraid (and lazy) of cutting their ties to &quot;the man.&quot;
B0001BKAEY|5.0|The beginning scene of `The Matrix Revolutions' initially parallels that of its illustrious predecessors: a torrent of falling code fills the screen, representational symbols trickling down from a higher `source' to the innumerable mediaverse-enslaved masses below.  Then, abruptly, the code vanishes and the screen explodes with golden fractals, revolving the mathematical patterns of the universe itself.  After this moment of celestial concentration, we return to the symbols, which form a dual `7' before revealing the skyscraper gridlock of the Matrix's main hub; the camera pans away to expose the ritualistic design of the nucleus: a daemonic glyph, symbolizing the oppression inherent within this vast energy-siphoning illusion-prison.  The glyph is quickly subsumed in the rain of code, lost amidst so much sprawling cipher - yet still there, beneath the surface, controlling the overall construct.   <br />In my Amazon review of the Matrix Reloaded, I called the second film a \\"clockwork onion\\" due to its tightly woven core of theme, plot-twist and multiple subtext, with more and more layers stripping away once the viewer made a conscious effort to penetrate the surface-pleasures of melodrama and CGI impossibility.  *The Matrix Revolutions*, though more overtly spiritual than cerebral in its references and replay-benefit, continues this innovative story-form, climaxing the rising war between man and machine and giving satisfying conclusion to the multiple arcs incorporated in the first two films.  The answers are here, but they are not in any way _obvious_; often a subplot or mystery is resolved by a few words of dialogue or a visual cue.  Like the preceding films, *Revolutions* is a riddle wrapped in onion-layers of ambiguity, and what one puts into the film - negative or positive, intellectually or instinctually - will be what one derives from it in turn. <br />The Story: Revolutions begins right after Reloaded cut off.  Trinity learns that Neo is trapped in the Matrix.  She must commence her mythological hunt, fighting through Hel itself to confront his captor.  Zion, meanwhile, establishes its defense against the incoming sentinel army, equipping rank after rank of brutally efficient Mechs to combat the encroaching machines.  The people of Zion aren't going to be exterminated without a fight, and man, woman and child shall battle to their dying breath to preserve the last human refuge.  <br />The Spectacle: The Battle of Zion is easily the most powerful and epic sci-fi carnage extravaganza this side of Hoth.  Intense and very long, it lashes the nerves with incredible imagery and an astonishing command of sound - the snubbing of *Revolutions* at the Oscars (not even a friggin' nomination!) just goes to show that there ain't no (aesthetic) justice in this world! As for the Superbrawl... what I loved most about this sequence is the combination of metaphor with violence: the truest \\"clash of the titans\\" ever committed to film, in both overarching theme (0/1, the Dance of Shiva) and pure popcorn impossibility.  <br />Of course, the meme was out on Revolutions, even before its general release, and the movie was quickly dubbed a `failure', a `dull cacophony,' a `dismal, smoldering franchise-ruin' as professional critics leapt en masse at the chance to rip the film, complaining paradoxically of its `confusing nature' and its `hollowness,' all in all reminding me of reactions to other, similarly revolutionary artists: of the famous critique of `The Abduction from the Seraglio': \\"Too many notes, my dear Mozart;\\" of an 18th century news-rag proclaiming Beethoven's `Pastoral' Symphony to be \\"profoundly unsatisfactory\\" (!); of Stravinsky causing a literal riot with the unveiling of his pagan masterpiece The Rite of Spring (...not unlike the reaction to Revolutions at a certain New York premiere, from what I've heard).  How times change, how they stay the same! Genius *challenges* the craft, and is *always* attacked for its ambition.  Casein point: the Matrix trilogy has been reviled for its cold, cerebral cinematic approach, roasted on the critical coals for _daring_ to investigate the basic quandaries of philosophy and paradigm-structure; even if the W. bros. don't succeed one hundred percent of the time, there seems to exist a \\"glass half-empty\\" mentality about the attempt - absolute perfection or utter failure, no middle-ground whatsoever - and all of it sounding like the upset bleating of the under-educated and/or those unwilling to make any serious undertaking into the sources the W. Bros. reference.  Regardless of such sour grapes, these movies are here, and here to stay.  As a society we need more intelligent, thought-provoking films: happily, the law of cultural megamass predicts more and more sophisticated measures of communications to come.  But there is always resistance to change.  Thus the negative miasma that surrounded *Revolutions* upon release: a desperate-sounding din of the \\"paid opinion\\" eagerly competing with one another for the snappiest put-down, the catchiest one-liner, cloaking profound ignorance with clever superficiality.  <br />Well, whatever.  What I enjoy most about The Matrix franchise are the multiple levels of humanistic conception interwoven with the pulp action and solemn drama (this is a war movie, after all).  Truly a _world_ blockbuster, *Revolutions* incorporates the core elements of every major belief system, subtly exposing how the myriad `ways' of spiritual ritual point towards the same goal, the same construct of perceptive *need* and *fulfillment*.  More than ever before in our history, these similarities must be recognized and accepted, or our species will be reap the catastrophic seeds realized by last centuries' technological advancements.  The message of *peace,* of attempting a mutual-beneficial relationship with our neighbors, must be at least attempted if we are to advance into a prosperous future.<br />In short: This trilogy is the first cinematicmythology of our viral \\"post\\"-modern era, a mirror-reflection of our crazy careen into the murky depths of the 21st century...and as for those last few moments, so beautiful and so, so misunderstood... I was awestruck by the masterful blend of Hindu cosmology at its new-epoch threshold with the theme of symbiotic evolution, the necessity of reciprocal growth.  Absolute genius.  <br />The Matrix Revolutions: for those of open perception and/or unquenchable curiosity, a MetaSaga for the ages. 10 stars.
076790592X|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie, written by Mitch Albom, teaches us about wisdom.  This story takes place in the late spring of 1979, at a college graduation.<br /> The author is graduating from college and he promises his favorite professor, Morrie, that he will never lose touch with him.  Like all stories, hardships take there toll and the two lose touch.  The story however unfolds and Mitch, the author, and his old professor regain contact. Mitch ends up taking one more course taught by Morrie.  This course teaches Mitch more life lessons than he could ever imagine.<br /> I strongly recommend Tuesdays with Morrie.  I feel that this book does not target any certain age group.  When I read the book I felt like this book related to me and me only.  I also know older people that have read Tuesdays with Morrie and they feel the same way.  Every page teaches you a different lesson.  Some of the lessons dealt with in this book are love and life and even death.  I strongly recommend reading this book if you are afraid of death.  Morrie expresses that you should live life to the fullest and not to worry about the end.  People that struggle in life and feel that they are worthless should also read this book.  I guarantee that after reading this book you will have a different aspect on life.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I'll get this out of the way quick - this is a Classic. No doubt about that. Kanye has formed a marriage between rapping about Jacob and cars and trying to show he is still trying to walk that path of religion also.  <br />Kanyes flows are smooth when needed, abrupt when he's trying to drive home a point and down right fun when thats the name of the game. This guy has skills - MAD skills and from the looks of it he did his absolute most to get his skills across to us on this CD. <br />If you've been pissed off by the garbage the pop outlets have given us over the years, pick this CD up and be blessed by this new up and comming master of the Rap Game.<br />Man, I pop in the CD and and the first thing I hear is a skit - I'm like &quot;dang, another stupid skit&quot;. Well, that would be followed by about 6 or 7 others later on in the album. Thing is, they are all either REALLY funny or at least interesting to listen to.
B0001ENYKS|5.0|Wow, this album Rocks.  A lot like TH 77 and Buildings and FOod. You will get goosebumbs as you hear the first band to come close to picking up the baton from them.
B00005JM02|5.0|As I have watched this film many times since it hit theaters, I can say this is one of my favorite movies. Everything in this film works: the animation flawless, the story compelling, the voice-acting perfect, the music perfectly integrated into the story. This, along with the Toy Story films, is my favorite Pixar film, and it definately deserved the Oscar for best animated feature. In fact, it perhaps was more deserving of a best picture nomination than one or two of the final five. Anyway, please get and enjoy this fine film which has everything: fine music, fine acting, fine story, and most important, a fine heart.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|Alright now most reviews I saw here that were negative about the film were actually short and didn't appear to have any thought put into them at all, whereas the positive reviews were the exact opposite, I am going to try and clarify why I really did not think this movie was all that impressive and definitely not all it was hyped up to be.<br />First of all I do believe that this movie is extremely longwinded, it takes forever to get from one scene to another it seems, up to the point where you want to reach through the screen and literally push the characters into the next scene. The movie failed to entertain me for almost the entire time that I sat through it. It never got my excited where I wanted to see what was going to happen next.<br />Yes the scenery is amazing and it makes you want to go visit downtown Tokyo straight away, and of course Bill Murray delivers one of the best performances of his life-time and when you are talking about an actor like Bill Murray that is saying something, he is truly phenomenal in this role but even he cannot force me to watch this movie again. Even though I believe that his acting was great I do believe that the Academy made the right decision in passing him over and giving the Oscar to Sean Penn just because Mystic River was a much better movie.(...) believe everyone got caught up in the hype with this movie, does it look great at times. Yes it does. Does Bill Murray deliver one of the best performances of his career and does he literally drag the movie around on its back to make it even barely watchable...yes he does...is this Sophia Coppola's best movie? Not even close, if you want to see what I consider to be her finest work then be sure to check out the Virgin Suicides, which although isn't a feel-good movie is a very powerful work of art. In my humble opinion this movie was overrated and not all it was hyped up to be, however you might enjoy it...to each his own.
B0001LJCPC|3.0|I have been in anticipation of Vol. 2 every since the beginning of the year and I thought to buy the new soundtrack.<br />After listening to the second soundtrack, I felt Tarantino ran out of steam when it came to the second dose of aural entertainment.  Maybe this does mean that there is more dialogue/plot to this film than in the last.  For starters, you definately get a different vibe from this.  Since the tale takes place in Mexico and SW USA, it seems best that there is more music of that area/genre (Ennio Morricone, Johnny Cash, Luis Bacalov)  He kept some other mainstays in order to keep this film in tune with the other (Charlie Feathers, Meiko Kaji).  However this time the songs brake in parts and the dialogue comes in unusual places and suggest more a teaser to the film than in other Tarantino soundtracks.  &quot;Tu Mira&quot; seems to brake to much into Charlie Feathers; &quot;About Her&quot; into Morricone.  This soundtrack certainly doesn't have the clinchers the first had (&quot;Battle Without Honor or Humanity&quot;, &quot;Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood&quot;, &quot;Flower of Carnage&quot;).  The opening song &quot;Goodnight Moon&quot; by Shivaree is a good choice for this film, although it doesn't stand a chance against &quot;Bang Bang&quot;.  Although this is not as good as I would have hoped from Tarantino, this is still a good collection for those of us who have been Quentin-heads for years.  Or if you are interested in Spaghetti Western soundtracks.  As for the casual listener, I would not recommend this.<br />BTW: Go see the movie this weekend instead of The Punisher.  (That trend has gotten awfully tiresome already.)
B000089J0R|4.0|I fell in love with Dragonforce about a year ago while poking around on MP3.com.  I so wanted to get this album, but I could not find it in stores.  I finally found it a few days ago.  Was it worth the wait?  Yes, although I was let down in some respects, after hearing a lot of their inital demo CD.<br />Invocation of Apocolyptic Evil- throwaway track, no rating<br />Valley of the Damned-  The original was a classic.  This version however, was a tad overworked.  It doesn't sound as polished as the original one. Still a decent track<br />Black Fire- This song hits you with speed and melody, and does not let up.  A new (and great) song, not on the demo<br />Black Winter Night- Best track on the album.  The demo version was kinda tame.  This version adds in an incredible blasting keyboard section that almost literally knocked me off of my feet the first time I head it.  Not to mention the speed is increased a lot from the demo.<br />Starfire- A great balad on the demo, also a victim of overmixing.  For a first time listener, it's a wonderful ballad.  For someone who knows the original, it's a bit of a letdown.<br />Disciples of Babylon- Very progressive sounding track, nice interlude, still keeps the speed and melody in tact.<br />Revelations- Probably the most forgettable track, sounds a lot like the title track, and once again, they overmixed the original version. Still, first time listeners will like it alot.<br />Evening Star- Haven't heard the original, but this track is great.  The intro tricks you into thinking you're listening to another ballad.  WRONG!!!! More speed, melody, and a subtle keyboard section work very well together<br />Heart of a Dragon- Great track to end the album with, memorize the refrain if you ever plan to go to a Dragonforce concert, as it screams sing along.  More speed, melody, but with uber cheesy lyrics.  A fun closing track.<br />In summary:<BR>If this is the first time you have heard Dragonforce, you will be impressed by the jawdropping speed they play at, while still managing to add in extremely catchy tunes.  For those who have listened to the demo too many times to count, there will be some dissapointements, but also some welcomed, kick-butt additions. Had some of the tracks not been overmixed, this would be a classic album.  As it stands though, it's a great album that has left many fans waiting with baited breath for Sonic Firestorm.
B00006G8G1|5.0|Excellent DVD from the legendary band !!! This is what Metal is all about, guitars,long hair, attitude, and fun !! . Lots of energy and you can tell they are having fun!!
B000002L3P|3.0|just my opinion, but i think his next effort &quot;trouble is..&quot; is a better cd. nevertheless it is a good cd. my fav tune is the first one &quot;born with a broken heart&quot; in all of the songs you can hear srv's influence which isnt a bad bluesman to emulate. kws is a talented bluesman himself which is why i own all of his cd's. ledbetter heights is decent im not sorry i bought it
B00008EY9G|5.0|this review is in response to:<BR>UTTER NONSENSE, April 8, 2004 <BR>Reviewer: A viewer from poplarville, ms United States  <br />&quot;This movie is confusing, unbelievable and trite.&quot;<BR>yes, the movie is confusing...but confusing in the &quot;fight club&quot; way...in &quot;the matrix&quot; way...in &quot;the sixth sense&quot; way...even in the &quot;alice in wonderland&quot; way. it's the kind of movie that's confusing until the end, but then makes perfect sense if you've been paying attention...the kind of movie that has to be watched at least twice - the first time you watch it, you watch it to understand the movie and get the premise and the second time you watch it, you watch it with your new knowledge (new knowledge such as who tyler durden really is, what the matrix is, what the sixth sense is, why alice saw the things that she did) to pick up on the details we couldn't see before. <br />&quot;The first 100 minutes of the film you can skip. It transpires that all the mayhem, and blood-letting, unconvincing, at the hotel really didnt happen!&quot;<BR>after finding out that all these &quot;strangers&quot; are just different personalities of the psychotic killer, &quot;all the mayhem and blood-letting&quot; takes on a whole new meaning. we see how every &quot;murder&quot; gets rid of one of his personalities. we understand why it's so important to kill the killer - if the killer wins, that personality will dominate malcolm rivers and he will remain a murderer. <br />&quot;It was all imagined by this chap about to be executed for multiple murders.&quot;<BR>&quot;imagine&quot; is such a bad word to use for what goes through malcolm rivers' head -he has several different personalities and they are forced to &quot;meet&quot; each other (in his mind) when his psychiatrist gives him a certain treatment. <br />&quot;He convinces those taking him o the xecution area, as well as the legal and psychiatric authorities, that he is no longer a danger since now he olyimagines bad things.&quot;<BR>this is incorrect - they don't consider him a danger anymore because they believed that the killer personality was killed by another personality, edward. <br />&quot;Maybe he didnt take his medication that day, but on the way to the prison for the criminally insane he murders everyone in the car, and shortly thereafterwards sends one of his manifest identities, a young boy, to strangle an attractive girl her Florida garden. Apparently, the screenweriter was not satisfied with imaginary characters buried in the synopses of the psychotic killer, but with a Stephen King-like enthusiasm, made it possible for the killer to created these personalities in flesh and blood. I don't think this is clininically possible, and I have poured over the DSM -I-IV, of the AMA.If there were such an entity, it would certainly be a challenge to treat.&quot;<BR>this is the biggest mistake in this review - the young boy and former escort don't come to life in &quot;flesh and blood&quot;...all this happens in the killer's mind - another twist to the ending. everyone thought that the child timothy died in the car explosion and that the former escort was the only survivor, but this is not the case. as we watch the woman in her orange grove in florida (in malcolm rivers mind), it seems as though everything is fine now, but timothy comes back and reveals himself as the true killer. he kills the woman and now he is the only personality inside of malcolm's head. because of that internal battle, malcolm reverts back to killer mode and murders his psychiatrist and the driver. <br />&quot;Since all that happened at the hotel was imaginary, I don't feel that I should have to describe that action.&quot;<BR>why not? the hotel was the battlefield in his mind. we see the personalities struggling to survive and this is one of the most heart wrenching parts to watch. the viewer doesn't want the different personalities to die (well...some of them) because we've gotten to know them...BUT we want malcolm to mentally triumph and become just one person, so we're torn. <br />&quot;I will say this, altough I'm sure such a nuance point was not in the mind of the director or screenwriter, he lack of plot, craziness, inconsistencies, symbol objects such as a key,the curious amount of rain in Nevada, killings, does point to the imaginary ramblings of psychotic killer.&quot;<BR>of course it was in their mind. that was the whole point - all of those little things tells you something is not quite right with the scenario. everyone's birthday is on may 10th, everyone's last name is a state name...the viewer is thrown off and believes that some preternatural powers, possibly from the indian burial ground, brought all those ppl together for some purpose. when we find out that those ppl are actually the same person, the viewer has the epiphany, &quot;ahhh...now it all makes sense.&quot;<br />with all that said, i highly recommend the movie. it takes you inside the mind of a schizophrenic killer in the most interesting way...while it doesn't excuse his actions, it evokes feelings of sympathy and pity from the viewer because we see that this man wasn't truly a bad man (we see this especially with the personality edward)...his schizophrenia was caused by something out of his control. while the movie wasn't hugely successful (i think, in part, because it was marketed wrong), it's meant to be a cult classic like fight club or the professional.
B00006F83Y|4.0|it is cool, if you like stoner rock
B000002H6C|5.0|Perfect in every aspect. All metal fans GET THIS CD NOW!<br />1)Blackened-10/10 Perfect opening song one of my favs from met.<br />2)...and justice for all 10/10 cool song  i love the guitar<br />3)eye of the beholder 8.5/10 good but don't like intro<br />4)ONE---ALMOST BETTER THAN STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN (O WAIT IT IS)<br />5)Shortest straw-9/10 I don't know why nobody likes this song...it's not the best but its still awesome<br />6)Harvester of Sorrow- 10/10 Wicked<br />7)Frayed ends of sanity-8.5/10 great song yet the intro is kinda stupid (don't kill me for sayin that)<br />8)to live is to die-10/10 tribute to Cliff...awesome instrumental<br />9)Dyers eve--11/10 pure sweet metal<br />Well this is my 2nd fav metallica cd overall (master beats it) but this cd is definately worth your money...sweet kik ass metal...strong lyrics...strong vocals...100% awesome...<br />lady's and gentlemen...THIS IS THE REAL METALLICA
B0001ADAVK|4.0|Julia Roberts re-making Dead Poets society, that cannot be good? However contary to expectations it is an entertaining and pleasant film. <br />One of the things it has going for it was that Dead Poets Society was such a brain dead film. Robin Williams ranting at kids and getting them to meet and read poetry in a cave at night. This film by comparisson is far more intelligent. <br />Julia Roberts instead of advocating a get in touch with your inner feelings message as Williams did in Dead Poets does two things. Firstly she is able to teach art history in a way that is not patronising and is rational. Second she interacts with the charaters not to suggest what they should become but to suggest that they have choices. <br />She is assisted by the strong casting and strong writing for the girl students she is teaching. In Dead Poets Society the students were two dimensional at best, and somewhat retarded at most times. In this film the students are indvidual people, all intelligent and multi dimensional. <br />The ending is a bit cliched but, well this is a feel good film.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|the stories were true he just added a little somethign to them,example the twins at his funeral, he jsut decided to say they were siamese twins, and so on with other stories
B00005JMEW|2.0|What purports to be a  highly trained assassin is left in a comatose state in a hospital for four years after her husband and her friends are killed violently in front of her. She decides to take revenge by killing all those involved in her husbands and friends death. Up to this point things are reasonably rational. We only know her name as the bride and she is played by Uma Thurman.<br />One of the main participants in her death, and thus a target for revenge, is a woman called Cotton Mouth who runs the Japanese criminal underworld.   Uma decides that to kill Cotton Mouth she will need a special weapon which is, a sword. Now I thought that Lord Kitchener at the battle of Ombaduran (1898) had demonstrated that bladed weapons came in a rather distant second to modern fire arms. Kitcheners army lost one soldier to a mild stomach upset whilst his machine guns killed 20,000 Sudanese in a little over an hour. Not only are swords very much the weapon of yesterday they are just so bulky. If you wander down the street you can see them and they rather telescope what is about to go down. However in a film like this we are not in the real world. What we are doing is to try to create a legend and in legends you had swords. King Arthur had one that he drew from a stone. The King of Vietnam had one given to him by a sacred turtle. The legend is of course one that comes from countless Hong Kong flicks which this is really either a tribute to or derivative off. <br />Uma, sword on her back riding on a motor bike, is able to head to a restaurant in which the hated Cotton Mouth is having lunch with her eight (8) body guards. Oddly enough the restaurant sees no real problem with eight people entering their premises wearing black masks equipped with swords.  Perhaps it is just how things are in Japan. Uma who is meant to be a trained assassin could of course used a sniper rifle, placed a bomb in the restaurant or poisoned the food. She however cuts the arm off Cotton Mouth's secretaryand challenges the rest to a fight. One would have thought that one possible problem with this strategy was that her proposed victim could simply wander off out the back door during the excitement. Not to mention the fact that Uma could be killed by the overwhelming numbers or be caught by the police. These are not real considerations for her and she is then involved in a frantic fight with Cotton Mouth's poorly coordinated body guards. Cotton Mouth also seems to have hired her protectors from idiots are us. None of them have fire arms or are able to work in a rational or systematic way.<br />One would have thought that in a well regulated country such as Japan a fight involving eight people with samurai swords might be the sort of thing which would attract police attention. In fact the death of eight people in such circumstances would be one of the more significant events in any large modern city. Not only do the fleeing restaurant patrons not call the police but another forty or so people wearing masks and carrying samurai swords turn up as reinforcements. Again one would think that this is the sort of thing which lead to at least one police car wandering by to see what was happening.  <br />Of course however the epic fight goes on and then there is the final confrontation between Uma and Cotton Mouth. In real life Cotton Mouth would possibly simply slip out the back of the restaurant and wander down to a gun shop to by an Uzi. However she stays around to be involved in one of those climatic type duel things. <br />And of course the reason for this is that in all those Hong Kong films you always had sword or Kung Foo fights. But of course films like the Shaolin Monastery were set in a time before the use of gunpowder. <br />In an earlier scene Uma kills another woman responsible for the attack which left her in hospital. She turns up to the woman's house and has a knife fight. Now this is a dumb way for an assassin to act. If you leave blood at a scene nowdays thepolice pick up samples and if you get away it is still enough evidence to arrest you later. That is why people who do actual contract killings use firearms and try not to leave much to indicate who did it such as traces of their blood or body tissue. But again this film is a tribute to the Kung Fu genre in which the revenge motive is played out by a series of personal confrontations. <br />Despite the fact that the high number of absurdities makes it difficult for one to watch the film without annoyance it sort of works. Uma looks great and yellow motor bike outfits will probably be the all the go for a while. The dialogue is one of Tarantino's strong points what there is, is central to the creation of the mood of the film.
B0001HAISQ|5.0|OMG!!!!!!!1 I love this movie!!!!!!!! It has all the classic with new!!!!!!!! I loved the disney version and i love the new version!!!! Jeremy Sumpter was an excellent pick for Peter Pan. I can't imagine anybody else who could play the part. I can't wait for the DVD to come out. I recommend everybody to see the movie. Within the first 5min u will fall in love with the movie. I first saw it with my best friend and after the first five minutes I turn to her and say &amp;quot; i am inlove with this movie&amp;quot;      Jason was a great pick for Hook. He took the part and made it his own! I notice that on a door of captain hooks boot it said Captain JASON hook! I thought that was clever. Racheal also did well as Wendy. She was perfect!       I was amazed how they took 15yr old Jeremy and made him look 12! I was absolutly blown away!
B00004NRWH|5.0|I have all 4 of Nickelback's CDs and I find this one is my favorite.  The first and last songs are the best.  This apparently was their first album, and i really think it's the best of the 4.
B000002UDB|5.0|In the same year that the beatles released sergeant pepper,the album that to this day is lauded as the greatest ever,they came up with this,a totally classic album from start to finish,and easily the second best album from 1967...incredible!
B00005JMEW|4.0|I just saw Kill Bill volume 1 for the first time today and I thought it was great despite it being extremely strange and violent lol. The people that don't like it, must have made the mistake of taking it seriously. I mean the Bride (Uma Thurman) is sitting on a plane with a big sword next to her while making a check list of who she wants to kill. That's pure dark humor, that right there is saying that it's not meant to be taken seriously. It's not meant to be realistic. Plus most the dialogue seems like the way a child would talk and not grown-ups. I admit some lines didn't work and made me cringe but they weren't bad enough for me to dislike the movie.  It's meant to be silly, cartoonish and yes extremely violent. When you think about it, wasn't Pulp Fiction the same way ? People are acting like Quentin Tarantino lost his touch but he didn't at all. Plus Volume 1 is basically just a half of a movie so shouldn't judge it until you see the second half. Tarantino took a big chance just releasing one half at a time and it's not fair to hate it when you didn't even see all of it. If you put your time into the first half, then do the same with the second half and then complain if you don't like it....
B0000DJZA5|1.0|When I heard this was going to be released I was intrigued but wondered how it was going to offer anything new when Anthology 3 already had given us raw versions of &quot;Long And Winding Road&quot; (the best version/mix/sound quality available in my opinion), &quot;I Me Mine&quot; and &quot;Across The Universe&quot;. Also, a seemingly endless supply of alternate takes of &quot;Let It Be&quot;, &quot;Get Back&quot; and &quot;Long And Winding Road&quot; were available on numerous bootlegs from the Let It Be/Get Back sessions. What was left? Phil Spector had only really added orchestration and vocals to the first three songs I mentioned in this review and remixed and done some clever editing on other tracks. Thus, this new release ends up being irrelevant. <br />I thought it might be nice to have a longer mix of &quot;Dig It&quot; - instead we don't get &quot;Dig It&quot; in any form, or &quot;Maggie Mae&quot; either. Again, Anthology 3 offered a live rooftop version of &quot;Get Back&quot; which rocked (and was the one where Mal Evans shut off the guitar amplifier mid-performance when the police showed up because of the 'noise' the Beatles were making that was disrupting rush hour traffic - you can even hear John shout at him off-mic). Here, like on the real &quot;Let It Be&quot; album we once again get the version of &quot;Get Back&quot; that was released as a single in January 1969 but without Spector's seamless edit that with Lennon's &quot;sweet Loretta fart she thought she was a cleaner, but she was a fryin' pan&quot; intro and &quot;..I hope we passed the audition&quot; outro made it sound like a live take. Instead the song fades before the ad-libbed &quot;get back Loretta, your mommie's waitin' for you...&quot; section that was on the single. <br />&quot;Dig A Pony&quot; edits out the false start that made it clear it was a live recording.<br />&quot;For You Blue&quot; - I can't hear any difference in the instrumentation but the recording doesn't sound as goodnow, very thin in the bottom end - Ringo's drums are buried in the mix now compared to the original.<br />&quot;Long and Winding Road&quot; - what the heck? The Anthology 3 version was the version heard on the real &quot;Let It Be&quot; album, but without Spector's strings and choir drowning out Paul's voice. This version sounds raw all right...like an early rehearsal of the track before Paul felt comfortable singing it. Different lyrics too: &quot;Anyway's you've always known the many ways I've tried&quot; instead of &quot;you've never known&quot;. Simplistic sounding solo. Very disappointing.<br />&quot;Two Of Us&quot; - no &quot;I Dig A Pigmy by Charles Hawtry on the deaf-aids - Phase one in which Doris gets her Oats&quot; intro. However, that wasn't actually part of this track anyhow, just another Spector edit that fit well. Inexplicably, it fades out prematurely.<br />&quot;I've Got A Feeling&quot; - missing the retro tape echo effect on Paul's voice that was in the real version. Sounds to me like it might be a composite of an alternate take and the one that was on the real version of the album - the first part of the song has some different bits than the original. Doesn't have as much 'ambience' or energy as the live original (too much compression and filtering) and doesn't have the nifty Paul in the left channel John in the right Channel effect (during the part where they sing two different melodies at the same time) that was in the real version. On the plus side, John's voice is louder in the mix on the first part of the song than it was on the real version.<br />&quot;One After 909&quot; - hmmm, no real difference here, other than more overuse of filtering and compression and this version has some different adlibs and is missing the fun &quot;Danny Boy&quot; adlib at end.<br />&quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; - rawer version than the released version. Not on the real &quot;Let It Be&quot; album but featured on earlier versions of the album. This is more likeit. This is what the album should have offered - Beatles 'live' (even if it is a composite of more than one take).<br />&quot;I Me Mine&quot; - There already was a stripped-down version available on Anthology 3 (without the Spector edit that made the song nearly twice as long and was emulated here for &quot;Naked&quot;).<br />&quot;Across The Universe&quot; - nice to hear it at the recorded pitch (or very close to it) instead of the semitone slowed-down Spector version or the semitone sped-up version with the bird sounds. Sounds like a demo this way, but I guess it does offer a more 'live' sound, other than the Grand Canyon reverb effect at the end - what's up with that?<br />&quot;Let It Be&quot; - fine version UNTIL THE GUITAR SOLO!!!!!! Why have such a meandering, weak solo?!? Possibly the worst solo I've heard in any of the dozens of takes I've heard. Why they chose to use that solo baffles me.<br />Bonus cd is a bit of a joke. It would've probably been better to instead of bits of songs and bits of dialogue to have had full song outtakes from the Let It Be/Get Back sessions.<br />I have to give this release only 1 star because it really isn't worth purchasing. It is lacking in too many areas and has too much filtering and compression, which takes the raw energy and ambience out of the recordings. The best version of &quot;Let It Be&quot; is definitely the Mobile Fidelity Sound Labs version. This one is a tiny curiosity but not really worth buying. Only a couple tracks offer anything new, none are actually superior to the real version of &quot;Let It Be&quot;, they are just different.
B000002GYR|5.0|Its a rarity in rock and roll that you find an album like this one. Strong melodies, inspired lyrics, and just plain well executed performances from a 22 year old Waits. There isn't a throw away track on here (ok, Lonely, but that's it. And even that isn't unbearable). <br />I'm not even a huge Waits fan (Rain Dogs gave me the willies), and I'm a harsh critic, but this album really does warrant five stars.
0451167716|5.0|Seeing how I not seen the movie I decide to read the book. What a awesome book. For those of you who have seen the movie read the book. I just finish watching the movie and it was good, but the book in itself is awesome. The movie didnt give you that feel, that you knew what the Sonny and the Don were thinking. That is what made the book wonderful. I must say read this. you will not be dissapointed.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Let me get to the facts, this isn't a realistic &amp; unpredictable, intelliegent dialogue packed master piece such as Pulp Fiction or True Romance or Resevoir Dogs, but then again, its not what Quentin Tarantino was goin for! He is proving his versatility, trying different things, &amp; while the story aint exactly complex, the cinamatography is...AMAZING! Stunning execution of camera positioning &amp; filters, amazing fight scenes, choreographed by Yoen Wong Peng, who also brought the Matrix &amp; Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragons fights to life! &amp; the similarities show! In my opinion its the closest thing to a live action manga/anime brought to life, with alot of hong kong influences throughout, the execution of it all, despite what some say, is amazingly original. <BR>Tarantino again, goes against the increasingly dull rules of hollywood cinema &amp; proves to true fans of film new &amp; old, that visionary film making aint dead!! If u want to see something very different, yet influenced by the best, check this out....If u are scared of blood &amp; violence, its still worth a look, as the blood is very fake yet artistic looking, like an anime cartoon. Very, very stylish! Check it out...Quentin Tarantino, he should make more movies &amp; cut down on the hybernating!
B00006CXXU|5.0|this is an excellent cd filled with great songs and AMAZING vocals! a must have.
B00005ALNQ|1.0|This film is an insult to the viewers intelligence and the Arthurian tradtion. I can not believe how awful this film is. Wooden acting, contempt for the source material, some of the worst period costumes and armour ever seen in a film and a scrip to bad they could use it for torture sessions...
B00002MZ12|5.0|I started my Brazilian Valentine's day, 6/12/2000, by walking on my 50,000 inhabitants city streets all by myself. So I went to a CD store about 3 kilometers from my house and saw that red album with strange words, with a white-skin colour wrote on the singer's face. So I remembered her form all his success in 1995-1996 here in Brazil. All her videos on MTV were exaustively played here, in Brazil. Her studio version to That I Would Be Good was played more than 3 times in a morning on our main radio station. I recognized her face, her single and then other musics as the so-commented You Oughta Know. I bought that CD intuitively, without knowing how good it could be. So I brought it home, and I didn't have a cd player. My sister made me lend it to her and then lended it to another one, a friend of her. Twenty months later I could get it finally. So I started to listen to it as it was the world's only cd. Everytime. I got alanis.com and so all its lyrics, translated them into Portuguese, sent it to relatives and friends. Alanis' poetry, voice and mainly the marvelous unplugged songs (as Joining You, No Pressure Over Cappuccino and Uninvited) made me stay wondered by that magnificent kind of art. Alanis' unplugged was my first real contact with her opus. I think unplluged version of Joining You is the world's best song. I think this album is accessible to everyone, because heavy rock songs are translated into acoustic ballads, as the ones we would like to listen to when we are with our girl or boyfriend. Alanis' unplugged has been one of the most ones: perfect songs, perfect lyrics, philosophy, music, formal perfection in arrengements, feminism, percussion, violoncello and violins (...) and relationships turned into art. A perfect piece of art. Joining You (the second track) let its grunge form to become a perfect ballad song. The problems Ms. Alanis Morissette writes in that song are perfectly showed in unplugged version. She sings with extreme pain. When we listen tothe studio version of the music, we think she is talking about someting she read on the newspaper. When we listen to her singing the unplugged version, we can experience the problem by ourselves. I can say it for every one of that tracks, but I stayed much time listening to the strange and exquisite Uninvited, one of the best ones, strong, fierce. Listen everyone to Princes Familiar, strange and full of good surprises, like Chinese food. You have to listen to to experience it. Listen accurately to Alanis' voice, try to realize her tessiture and her lyric singer's performance in No Pressure Over Capuccino, or the reshaping form of her big sucess, Ironic. You have to pay attention to her voice, it sounds like pain, happiness or funny things. She says that she spilled water over her clothes, she thanks her fans, and mainly she interacts with all her fans. More than a singer, Alanis is a kind of philosopher, not by trying to make new laws or explain things, but she analyses everything and shows us a own and important world. Thanks for reading. <BR>Enjoy it so much!!!!!!!!!
B00005JMEW|5.0|Kill Bill Volume 1 has the hallmarks of a moviemaker falling in love with making movies all over again, and with his cast and crew doing the same.  The plot's a basic revenge scenario, with The Bride(Uma Thurman) seeking vengeance on the Deadly Viper assassin gang, headed by the Bill of the title, who created a bloodbath of her wedding and left her childless.<br />For anyone well versed in Tarantino movies, this is very recognisable as one of his movies.  The film references are perhaps a little more obvious here than in Pulp Fiction, with Kill Bill using the kung-fu action movie as its mould and then working from there.  The narrative style is also very Tarantino-esque, jumping around in a non-chronological order and playing with the audience's expectations.  And of course no Tarantino film would be complete without a killer soundtrack full of obscure tracks from obscure bands.  It's all here, and with a panache that must surprise even the most cynical viewer.<br />Uma Thurman gives the performance of her career, adding a carefully judged humanity to her character that could easily have been two-dimensional - check out her reaction when she realises she's lost her baby.  Not only can she pull off the stunts, but she's also got a real personality behind her that few actresses can pull off (perhaps Geena Davis and Fairuza Balk spring to mind).  Here she's even better than she was in Pulp Fiction.  And that's saying something.  Crucially, she's backed up by some great supporting players.  Lucy Liu really proves that she's a big star in the making, building on her Charlie's Angels role so well that you wonder whether she could be the best breakout TV star since George Clooney.  Also definitely worth a mention are some incredibly brief but tantalising roles for Bill Carradine, Daryl Hannah and Michael Marsden, all of whom appear in Volume 2.<br />What's great about Kill Bill is that it really lives up to the promise that Pulp Fiction gave us.  Whilst Jackie Brown fleshed out Tarantino's characters, and his script for True Romance was one of the most fun road movies in ages, there were also the relatively successful but mostly disappointing scripts he produced for Dusk Til Dawn and Natural Born Killers (significantly the latter was disowned by Tarantino himself).  Whilst Kill Bill could never be as influential as Pulp Fiction in terms of how it structures its story, or as shocking as Reservoir Dogs was at the time, it's still one of the most exciting, enthralling cinematic treats of last year.  The way it's filmed screams of a master - impressive, since this is only Tarantino's fourth film in the director's chair - and the anime sequence is particularly impressive.  Whilst it's true to say that if violence isn't your thing, steer clear, and that it's filmed in a way that makes you perhaps worryingly unaware of how violent it really is, Kill Bill Volume 1 is a rollercoaster of a movie experience and makes you long for part two.  This is brilliant, brilliant stuff, that blows the remakes and tired adaptations that seem to have flooded our screens recently, out of the water.
B000002TYX|5.0|Anthology I starts with &quot;Free as a Bird&quot;, a demo by John filled in by the other 3 in 1994.  The video is probably the best ever even if the song isn't quite up to Beatles standards.  Then a recording from 1958 when John, Paul, and George were still the Quarrymen doing Buddy Holly covers.  Very rough, but fresh recordings.  Then a few from Paul's house in 1960 including 2 originals, &quot;You'll be Mine&quot; (a song where they do their comic voices) and &quot;Cayenne&quot; (Paul's haunting instrumental) which are the only known recordings with Stu Sutcliffe on bass (the artist who left the band and died in Hamburg).<br />  It's got some good Decca recordings as well as the first takes of Love Me Do and Please Please Me (recorded on September 11th, 1962).  Also the Tony Sheridan Hamburg songs.  And some early takes of 1 after 909 from 1963.  Lend Me Your Comb, a great Carl Perkins cover.  And then alternate takes of their more famous early songs.  Get this and try to get your hands on the &quot;Beatles: Live at the Star Club 1962&quot;, another great rough early recording.  These recordings show how timeless the Beatles were.
B00005QDW5|5.0|I've been a Pink's fan for quite a while now, and this CD is just great.  Anyone who likes Pink Floyd will find this CD to be a great collection item.  It don't matter if you like Pink Floyd just a little......YOU should get this CD.
B0000AUHOH|2.0|The cheesiest (and worst) of the franchise.  STAR TREK: THE FINAL FRONTIER is decent from the beginnning and then it falls flat (everyone knows, Trekkie and non-Trekkie alike, when and where in the film). The special effects were done by George Lucas' ILM but one wouldn't know it if it wasn't listed in the closing credits. The worst of the effects by far is the final leg of the film when Kirk amd crew encounter &quot;God&quot;? and it looks as if they ran out of money. The omnipotent being (looks like Santa Claus who just got up on the wrong side of the bed) with lightning bolts shouting out of the eyes with hovering humanoid face is extremely bad even for pre-digital-era special effects. The effects from the original 1960's series looked better than this. Also, it doesn't help that the sequence is entirely vague and shallow and it leaves the audience hanging.  Nothing was resolved except that Sybok (Laurence Luckinbill) ends up dead. The sequences of the crew during an R&amp;R stopover at Yosemite is okay, but the humor seems a little forced and unnatural compared to STAR TREK: THE VOYAGE HOME.  Overall, a film that could have worked provided they toned down the camp, used better special effects, and had someone else directing.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I saw it for the first time in the moive theatre last November, and loved it. Since then I have been obsesively waiting for its DVD release. I went out and bought it today and watched it twice. I love this movie! I've decided not only is it my favorite Quentin Tarantino movie, its my all time favorite movie. The opening black-and-white scene is the most moving scene I've ever layed eyes on! The film's twisted sense of humor is insanely funny. The cinematography is beautiful, I don't understand how it wasn't nominated for an Academy Award, It is seriously GORGEOUS!!! If you're a fan of Tarantino's style you have to buy this movie. If you've seen his other work and didn't appreciate his art, than you should probably stay away from this.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I found this teen film entertaining and fun. It totally relates to the highschool life. The over protective dad is very funny, the whole cast does a great job in playing out their roles. You would never guess its based on a novel by shakespear even though you see some shakespear love in the film!<br />Great film!
B00005JMEW|5.0|&quot;Kill Bill&quot; is Quentin Tarantino once again tearing into a genre and producing something uniquely his and yet obviously made by a fan. This is an exciting, stylish and over-all original and fresh movie, the type of filmmaking we long for in an era of boring trends (teen movies) and repetitive action movies. Tarantino here combines his trademark skill in crafting witty, memorable dialogue with his surprisingly amazing eye for incredible action sequences. &quot;Kill Bill&quot; is not as complex or brainy as Tarantino's previous &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; and &quot;Jackie Brown,&quot; but it is a superb take on the martial arts genre filtered through the Tarantino membrane. It feels like an exploitation movie elevated to a higher art form because we still get Tarantino's genius for writing and storytelling. The cinematography by Robert Richardson (of Oliver Stone and Martin Scorsese fame) is rich and he beautifully lights every scene. The performances are also very skillfull for what essentially is a Kung-Fu flick. Uma Thurman is bold as The Bride, she lets us feel the strain both physically and mentally of her character. The entire film plays almost like classic drama, it is an exciting movie to watch and seeing it once is not enough. First it should be seen for the visceral experience, second for the dialogue, the performances and perfect timing of each scene. It's also fun to catch where Tarantino borrows from other movies to paste into his own. And it's all done with a great sense of style and craft. Watching a Tarantino film can be a special experience for most cinephiles because you get the feeling it's being made by a fan, by a guy who simply loves movies. &quot;Kill Bill Vol. 1&quot; is an exhilarating action piece and awesome filmmaking craft. One can only imagine what &quot;Vol. 2&quot; has in store for us.
B00006SFLV|5.0|The My So-Called Life DVD set is a good choice for old fans or new.  Unless you taped the episodes when they aired originally, this is likely the only way to see the show.  And it is certainly a show worth watching.  At 18, I was too young to see the show the first time around, but I have loved watching it now.  <BR>     The 19 episodes of the show were all new to me.  Yet even years later, I can relate to the characters of the show.  The show is admittedly a teenage drama, yet it is entertaining and at times thought provoking.  The stories are interesting and amusing, I highly recommend people check it out.  To this end, this set is a better idea for purchase than the previously released My So-Called Life DVD that contained solely the first three episodes because the show is too good to stop at just three episodes.
0385336810|5.0|I had the pleasure of meeting the every so lovely and charming author before reading this book or any of the Shopoholic ones! The moment I started reading it I just COULD NOT PUT IT DOWN! I could totally relate to it! I was totally LAUGHING OUT LOUD in the subway... it was hilarious! <br />A must read for ALL women who have had secrets and still do! Enjoy!
B00005JKGZ|5.0|I figured we would have to wait until 2004 for a 60th anniversary edition and it was well worth it.  One of the all time greats is<BR>finally on dvd.  Everything about the movie was perfect and one never tires of it.  I would rather have seen it introduced by<BR>Margaret O'Brien than skitsky Liza but that is a minor quibble.<BR>A perfect example of how to make a wonderful film that will live<BR>on forever.  Thanks to Warner Home Video for getting it out.
B00012QM9K|5.0|MOVIE: This is what you call a director's personal masterpiece.  For Steven Spielberg it was this, for Roman Polanski it was The Pianist, and for Peter Jackson it was the Lord Of The Rings films.  The film is so well made that it doesn't just open your eyes to the tragedy of the Holocaust, but it opens up the story of Oskar Schindler.  Schindler was a member of the Nazi party but he did not live to kill all beings inferior to specifications set by Adolf Hitler.  Schindler decided to take this war as an opportunity to become wealthy but in the midst of it all he realized that his workers were more than workers, they were people.  Schindler became emotionally involved and ended up saving many lives during this time.  The movie is powerful and does an excellent job at portraying the trueness of these historical characters.  Ralph Fiennes's portrays Amon Goethe, one of the most chilling and powerful performance of his career.  Schindler's List is not just some movie that tries to show its audience the horrors and suffering of the Jews, but instead uses the Holocaust as a backdrop for this amazing true tale.  The emotional journey of Schindler who is excellently portrayed by Liam Neeson is so incredible that it really emphasizes the saying of \\"one person can make a difference\\".  Some scenes are difficult to watch but speak the truth.  The movie is brilliant because it speaks the truth and for once the truth is all we need, not some fictional story of one man's journey to save hundreds of lives.  The life of Oskar Schindler shows us that one man can indeed make a significant difference.<br />VIDEO: Surprisingly Universal delivered a very crisp transfer.  There was only one scene I remember where I saw a very dark heavy line come across the screen, but I think that was irreparable. Otherwise very well done.  The widescreen is 1.85:1, so if you have a 16X9 TV then you will have no black bars, and for 4:3 ratio TV's you will have thin bars, not thick.<br />AUDIO: There is DTS track on the film but I feel it wasn't needed, and I do feel it was waste since it leaves little rooms for extras, but the sound on the other hand is perfect.<br />PACKAGING / EXTRAS: I bought the DVD giftset which comes in a custom made plexiglass case.  Inside you take out a slip-sleeve and out falls the DVD case, a book which is a collection of pictures from the film, a limited edition film cell, and a certificate of authenticity.  When the disc first came out the suggested retail price was $79.95, but it seems Universal found out that no one was willing to pay a price so ridiculous so the price apparently dropped to $34.98, but at places such as Amazon you can get for much less.  The set also comes with the Soundtrack.  As goes for the extras all we get is a decent documentary about the actual Jews who were part of Schindler's list, and then a promotional advertisement turned documentary about the history of the NOAH foundation, a charity foundation for the survivors.  Sorry to say that's it, but the film itself is worth the money, and if you got the extra few bucks then go for the gift set.  I'm still angry at Spielberg for not taking a more personal approach to the DVD in terms of the film itself, the times we do see him in the two pieces it feels like he was forced into doing it almost. Pathetic in terms of extras but otherwise a smart investment for your collection.<br />DVD SCORE: (7/10)S track on the film but I feel it wasn't needed, and I do feel it was waste since it leaves little rooms for extras, but the sound on the other hand is perfect.  <br />PACKAGING / EXTRAS: I bought the DVD giftset which comes in a custom made plexiglass case.  Inside you take out a slip-sleeve and out falls the DVD case, a book which is a collection of pictures from the film, a limited edition film cell, and a certificate of authenticity.  When the disc first came out the suggested retail price was $79.95, but it seems Universal found out that no one was willing to pay a price so ridiculous so the price apparently dropped to $34.98, but at places such as Amazon you can get for much less.  The set also comes with the Soundtrack.  As goes for the extras all we get is a decent documentary about the actual Jews who were part of Schindler's list, and then a promotional advertisement turned documentary about the history of the NOAH foundation, a charity foundation for the survivors.  Sorry to say that's it, but the film itself is worth the money, and if you got the extra few bucks then go for the gift set.  I'm still angry at Spielberg for not taking a more personal approach to the DVD in terms of the film itself, the times we do see him in the two pieces it feels like he was forced into doing it almost. Pathetic in terms of extras but otherwise a smart investment for your collection.<br />DVD SCORE: (7/10)
0698119347|4.0|The book Stormbreaker is an incredible written book by Anthony Horowitz, that dragged my attention to it with the great amount of action and adventure that kept me reading it non stop. in Stormbreaker, you never knew what was going to happen nextand what exciting detail that Horowitz would add. The main point in this story though is that kids can do big things because in the book, a kid completes big accomplishments for a spy agency.<BR>        In present day London, England, a fourteen year old boy named Alex loses his uncle, his only living relatve, in a car accedent and the police said he wasn't whereing a seatbelt. Alex knows his uncle always wears his seatbelt, so he went to look at the car and discovered bullet holes in it. Then he goes to where his uncle works to find out how he could have died from bullets when he only works at a bank, but then he finds out his uncle's work is really a spy agency called MI6. They force him to become a spy and take over were his unlce left off; on spying and retrieving  information on what Herod Sayle is producing.<BR>                      I give Stormbreaker four out of five stars because of its good action and good discription of the characters. I would recommend this book to someone who likes action/adventure or James Bond. I would do this because it is based on a book about a spy. All in all Stormbreaker is a great book to read.
B00004XONN|5.0|This album is one of thoes albums that cant really be discribed but must be experianced.Shur,I could go on and describe the way the album sounds and go into a bunch of tecnical jargon,but that has already been done by other reviwers.The overall feeling of this album is what makes it so special.So anyway, this album isent for everyone and if you are looking for an album that just has a few select tracks to listen to and arnt willing to listen to the album as a whole,this IS NOT for you,but anyone who really appriciates music should give this underated jem a chance.
0440238609|1.0|First the good news: these books are imaginative.  And the first two are well written.  Not so the third.  <BR>The rest is bad news: these books are not for children.  The author even says in interviews he is not writing for a particular audience.  Yet, these books are marketed as books for children.  Most parents would be surprised at some of the content of these books.  I don't have the space here to give all of the many examples but the fact that the heroine's main talent is that she is an accomplished liar is a start.<br />And then there are the themes!  You could say that this is \\"The Da Vinci Code\\" for kids.  I doubt that Christian parents would want their children to read these books.  There are themes here that are anti-God, anti-church, and anti-Christianity in particular.  In a 2000 interview by Dave Weich, Philip Pullman had the following to saw about the books of C.S. Lewis:  \\"I thought they were loathsome, full of bullying and sneering, propaganda, basically, on behalf of a religion whose main creed seemed to be to despise and hate people unlike yourself.\\"  In a 2000 speech after the publication of the last book in his series he said, \\"We're used to the kingdom of heaven; but you can tell from the general thrust of the book that I'm of the devil's party, like Milton. And I think it's time we thought about a republic of heaven instead of the kingdom of heaven. The king is dead. That's to say I believe that the king is dead. I'm an atheist.\\"  His views are certainly reflected in the trilogy's themes.  <br />Even if you don't mind this content being in your child's reading material, I think the trilogy fails because of the poor writing in the third book.  An overall disappointment.
B00005JMEW|1.0|What is supposed to be so great about this guy? This is badly written and badly directed pap and not since Monty Python have we seen blood spurting so generously. Is this supposed to be a farce or is it just sick self-indulgence?<br />In scene one our 'heroine' appears bloodied and pregnant in a wedding dress and is shortly shot in the head. Things go downhill from there. The fight scenes are ludicrous, the dialogue appauling and every single step is utterly predictable in all respects except perhaps the level of bloodflow. <br />This is just twisted and apparently pointless. So she's out for revenge? Why is it that I don't care? Oh that's right, the characterisation sucks.<br />I'm so glad I wasn't the one who rented this.
0780628551|5.0|Johnny Depp and Charleze Theron are one of the most gifed actors in hollywood today and this piece is one of the most dakest, smooth sexy thriller where johnny depp plays an astronaut caught up in deep space for two minutes where he had a near death experience as a transmetic wave collided and entered his body forcing his original charecter to dissapear and an alien to takeover his body, all this in two minutes. Charleze, who plays a vunreble wife and 2nd grade school teacher in florida realizes a change in her husband's reactons and investigates further with the help of a retired scientist from NASA.<BR>A twisted ending, terrific screenplay and a dynamic score, all star cast and one of the greatest dark thrillers in hollywood today, the astronaut's wife is a keeper. 9.5/10.
0792844882|3.0|Hey, &quot;viewer from USA&quot;, if you burned your DVD after the first 30 minutes, then how exactly did you know about the &quot;demented/crazy rape scene&quot; at the END of the movie? That's weird...
0743454529|5.0|Jodi Picooult will have you in tears. I will remember this book forever.<br />Baroness DeVere Austin<BR>Author of &quot;Leave The Killing To Me&quot;
6304457383|3.0|Beautiful inspiring movie.  It shows how strong love can be. Sam loves Susy so much.<BR>Pure love is not weak. It makes a person stronger. Sam supports Susy, encourages her and helps her in learning all the essential things of life.  <BR>Love is patience.Sam is calm. He never looses his temper while helping Susy and patience pays. <BR>Love is to respect.Sam never insults or hurt Susy because she is blind.He treats her like a normal person and Susy complements Sam<BR>completely.<BR>Sam and Susy are made for each other.Totally,the movie shows wahat a true love should be.<BR>It is very difficult to survive in this  world with bad people trying to ruin our lives. Life for Sucy was not easy being blind and trying to adjust to the new blind world. Bad guys come looking for a doll stuffed with drugs when Sam was away at work.She fights back so hard.She uses her inner sense. The way she remembers the foot steps,switching off all the lights and smelling gasolene and scaring the villain by lighting the matchbox is thrilling.<BR>Story ends with a happy note and lots of inspiration.
B0001BKAEY|2.0|I wasn't expecting much from the story, but at least expected a great audio/video experience.  I was 2/3rds right.  The story is stupid and special effects are great, but the audio is very poor.  There is just way too much bass throughout the entire movie.  I think extra bass was added for speakers that can't reproduce bass very well.  If you have a speaker setup that reproduces bass well, it just makes for an unpleasant listening experience and requires tweaking of your receiver.
0061015725|5.0|Crichton does it again! This is a fast-paced race against time with a twisting plot and some really great characters. I thought the book was well researched and Michael manages to take what could be considered to be a pretty techincal subject and turn it into a great thriller that never leaves you looking for more. This book is a greade A story that I would love to see become a box office smash!
B000007R1A|5.0|After an absence due to personal problems, Clapton settled into the 461 Ocean Boulevard Florida estate to restart his career.  It was a major turning point.  His heady rock attitude was adapting to a mellower R &amp; B with a tad more funkiness.  \\"Motherless Children\\", \\"\\"Willie And The Hand Jive\\" and \\"Mainline Florida\\" brought out the best gut bouncing rhythm and blues yet.  Jump-started with the Bob Marley single, \\"I Shot The Sheriff\\", Clapton gained back his old audience while bringing in new fans to the new blue-eyed soul in the USA.  He included some nearly spiritual numbers as well.  \\"\\"Please Be With Me\\" is a begging love ballad and \\"Let It Grow\\" culminates with the frenzy of a soaring synthesizer.  Yvonne Elliman does a fantastic back-up job with her own sultry vocals and accentuates Clapton's soulful voice.  Still considered one of Clapton's best, you can't miss with this one, especially in DTS Surround Sound.
B0000691TJ|1.0|i love the ramones, but this lacks everything that made their first three albums so amazing. the humours gone and it sounds like a band playing by numbers, there is no flash of inspiration here. ive read that johnny saw being in the band as &quot;a job&quot; and this comes across on the album. no wonder dee dee couldnt wait to leave. this album lacks all the joy of their early work. the style is that of an unimaginative metal band made up of sessions musicians simply churning out another album for the sake of it. if you love rocket to russia, ramones and leave home, this album will bitterly dissapoint you.
B0001D0FTW|5.0|This album is the first one in the longest time that has no flaws. Every track is very strong, well-written, extremely well-played, creative, heavy and at the same time somewhat melodic.<BR> The production is simply AWESOME. <BR>I was quite surprised at just how great this album really is. It takes a LOT for me to give anything 5 stars, but this one deserves nothing less. <BR>\\"King Of Fools\\", \\"The Piper Never Dies\\", \\"Down To The Devil\\", and \\"Mysteria\\" are the obvious highlights, but they are among the pretty much equally awesome songs.<BR>If you are into metal, do NOT pass this one up. (And yes, this really is the best Edguy album to date).
0060254920|5.0|I used to read this to my little brother eighteen years ago and I now read it to my children, and I still remember most of the lines from the story from eighteen years ago! The story is wonderful, but Mr. Sendak's pictures are what really puts it over the top. The images are both frightening and so gentle. A favorite part is when Max roars and gnashes his teeth because we get to do those things together. We also get to eat each other up and it is one of those wonderful (if sometimes rare) moments I get to have with my wild ones that is just our time. Children sometimes just want to get away from all things grown up and this book shows them how they can do it safely without ever having to leave home. It reminds us all that no matter how far from home we roam, who we meet, and what trouble finds us, going home to where we are loved is by far the best thing in the world, especially because the waiting meal will still be hot.
B00005JMEW|5.0|AWSOME MOVIE,my only problem is I want to see the bride vs the crazy 88 in color.I dont need the mpaa telling me what to watch.thats the only reason the U.S version is black @ white.If I think its too graphic Ill stop watching. other wise,a great action ride.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Timing is everything -- as this movie proves repeatedly.  From an opening scene where the dialogue is perfectly timed with a gunshot, to the well choreographed sword fights, the timing of everything coming together for this movie is perfect.  This is not the type of movie I would normally go to see -- and I didn't see it in the theaters -- but I was intrigued by the title and had been looking forward to the opportunity to rent it for awhile.  This is one I'll definitely buy, now that I've seen it.  All aspects of it were much better than I was expecting.  The action comes at you so fast, it was over before I knew it, and it certainly didn't feel like I'd been sitting there for nearly 2 hours watching it.  What I'd heard and read about the violence was certainly true -- the gory aspects of it are so overdone, they're actually humorous, and don't really feel like you're watching that much violence.  Now I've just got to count down the days until Friday, when Vol. 2 comes out.  Highly recommended!
0802130208|5.0|A book of comedic genius.  Too bad the author wasn't recognized in his brief lifetime.  The main character in this book  is so vividly portrayed in words that you feel you know him intimately -- from the tufts of hair in his ears to his bumbling careen through life in New Orleans...how many other books portray as well those funny weiner carts pushed by hot dog vendors in New Orleans? Ignatius Reilly will make you double up in laughter, snort, guffaw, and will also imprint himself on your mind forever.  The descriptions of Ignatius performing his job duties after somehow being hired into positions way above his ability kinda reminds me of a recent US President...
B00004XONN|5.0|I got caught up in all the anticipation of what was to follow OK Computer. I scrambled for every bootleg I could find from the Summer 2000 tour so I could hear what the new tracks sounded like. I cast my hopes sky-high for the day Kid A came out.<BR>Nearly four years later, it's even better than all that anticipation.<BR>Defying all expectations of crunching guitars and robotic malficience, a gentle keyboard riff begins &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot;. Already, everything sounds different. Thom's straining voice is sampled over the riff, and the essence of Radiohead begins the quest to boundlessness. (And yes, the lyrics were selected by drawing lines out of a hat).<BR>&quot;The National Anthem&quot; surges forcefully with Colin's bass, and Thom's mania fuels the song into the inventive sounds of what can only be describeed as a brass section exploding. <BR>&quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot;, Thom's reaction to the strain of touring and loneliness (influenced by advice from his good friend, R.E.M.'s Michael Stipe) teems with frailty and the vulnerability of denial, almost as though you crawl into the quietest corner of Thom's mind. The pained wails and sweeping background instruments escalate this song into the stratosphere; an other-worldly sense of temporary escape.<BR>&quot;Optimistic&quot; swirls in with the only real sense of guitar-driven rhythm to bathe the attractively cynical lyrics. The little piggies become &quot;This one's optimistic, this one went to market, this one just came out of the swamp&quot;. The bass scale acts as an escalator to nowhere, tied closely to the futility in the lyrics - &quot;Try the best you can - the best you can is good enough&quot;. A dangerous gem of a song.<BR>&quot;Idioteque&quot; shows even more exploration as a drum machine and an alien-sounding melody line lay the groundwork of a not-quite-techno song. Again, Thom's dichotomy between rabid yelling and the controlled chorus present something offered nowhereelse.<BR>&quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; serves wonderfully as the album's closer, pushing far over the edge with sad lyrics laden with pity, a flood of harp strings, and the farewell &quot;I will see you in the next life...&quot;<BR>Overall, Kid A was a gigantic risk, but well worth the adventure. Jonny Greenwood shows signs of coming into his own, as his &quot;guitarist etc.&quot; fingerprints are all over this masterpiece (listen to his Bodysong and you'll agree). A definite turning point, as the band established their freedom to go in any direction - and since have - thereby solidifying their status of most talented band playing today.
B000028U0Y|5.0|This CD is one of those rare experiences which seem to encompass so much.<br />Cash is in roaring form here, delivering a wonderful mix of humour, sadness, joy, rebellion, comedy and spirituality on one short disc.  The atmosphere is as other reviewers have hinted at - electric.  You can hear howlsd of approval as the folk hero bad boy sings Cocaine blues and the howls of laughter through his comic tunes in the middle of the show.  As an agnostic I can truly say I can still tap the power of belief when I hear 'Greystone chapel.'<br />Cash's talent as a performer extends beyond just the ability to sing the songs, but to really make you listen.  Cash is the real deal, in his life his failures and succeses were laid before all.  The outlaw, the comdedian and the christian, were not characters of Johnny Cash but aspects of him.<br />The quality of the performance is almost universally excellent (bar his excessive banter between songs) with the band delvering a resounding backing and June singing superbly.<br />And lets not forget this has THE definitive recording of Folsom prison Blues (many Cash compilations have this instead of the downtempo original recording) - after all the concert is at Folsom prison.
B00005MM67|2.0|The story is ok but the quality of the DVD is really bad. Don't waste money for the DVD version
B00005JKC3|3.0|I wouldn't have seen this movie had it not been playing on a long bus ride back from New York. I had blocked out the movie on the inbound trip with music, but I settled back to watch this, thinking it would provide some solid, if cheap, entertainment.<br />It did, and it didn't.<br />The superhero drama has always been associated (in my mind, and I think in general) with an upbeat, wholesome sort of ethos; everything is reduced to a black-and-white struggle between good and evil, and good almost always triumphs. The 'Spiderman' movie is the perfect example of this. I guess I should have kept in mind that the Hulk has always deviated somewhat from the formula, and this director takes that deviation to the extreme.<br />The plot of the movie is governed by Bruce Banner's father, a psychotic and manipulative scientist who completely surpasses the bounds of 'acceptable' mad science (not the elegant, plot-to-destroy-the-world type, but a total nut job). Banner suffers from a repressed childhood memory involving his father and mother, and its nature, when revealed, is about as unpleasant as you would have imagined. I'm not one to fault a movie for being distrubing - generally, I would enjoy it - but it seems so out of place here, in a movie where the other main atraction is a series of mindless fight scenes in which a giant green CGI-generated man does battle with the US Army. Another fight scene, more on the disturbing side, involves three truly grotesque genetically modified dogs, and it takes the Hulk _forever_ to pummel and beat them into submission. I don't know why I found this so disturbing, but I did. Aside from that incongruity, which I would consider a weakness, there are no really solid performances, and bits of cinemetogrpahic flair like overly-elaborate scene transistions seem completley unnecesary. I can't reccomend it very highly, but it does at least deserve credit for its unexpected angle.
B00006EXL5|5.0|When I read an interview with the lead singer Gerard way some 6 months ago, I was taken aback by the man's honesty and intelligence. The emo / hardcore scene is one which I have never been involved or particularly interested in, and the closest I've got to it is a dodgy copy of dashboard confessional - probably not the best place to start. So I bought the MCR cd and have been completely blown away. Not since I heard Jeff Buckley's Grace have I heard such emotional and frankly ultra-personal and introspective lyrics. Anyone who has felt the epic frustrations of love and loving will find some kind of affinity with this album. The influences are obvious but not unwelcome, most notably the smiths, at the drive in and early offspring. The true stand out tracks are vampires will never hurt you, demolition lovers, and headfirst for halos. Most notably of all, this album makes me want to be young again to rediscover those magnified teenage feelings of hormones rage and love. I hope it reaches a crossover market, so it can teach supposed rock stars how to write somgs that matter and make you feel alive.
B0000C1733|5.0|This is my favorite RHCP album. everysong is a incredible hit. Whne i first saw this cd i stopped breathing the selection of songs were so good. heres a rundown<br />1. under the bridge (this songs good but not as good as the others)3 stars<br />2.give it away (one of the ultimate funk songs of all time1) five stars<br />3. californication ( My secon favorite slow, and melodic but incredibly satisfying) 5 stars<br />4. scar tissue  (another great song) 4 stars<br />5. soul to squeeze ( not my personal favorite but that just me) 4 stars<br />6. oterside ( YAAA!!!!! This is the best song if you don't like it you are pretty messed up) 5+stars<br />7. suck my kiss ( the explict song great funk, Anthony got creative) 5 stars<br />8. By the Way ( REPEAT OF NUMBER SIX REVEIW!!!!) 5 + stars<br />9. Parrel Universe ( okay not the best) 4 stars<br />10. Breaking the girl ( nice slow song i enjoyed this) 5 stars<br />11. My friends ( what the heck is this song doing on the greates hits CD??) 3 stars<br />12. Higher ground ( great song i have to say this is one of my favorites) 5 stars<br />13. Universally speaking ( this is nice and is okay but not exactly my favorite) 4 stars<br />14. Road tripp'in ( ditto as above) 4 stars<br />15. fortune fade ( the ultimate song on this cd my favorie!!!) 5++ stars<br />16. Save the population ( Correction this is my favorite song, don't ask me why. 5++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ stars
1594200106|5.0|WOW!!!!! COULD BE THE MOST ENGROSSING BOOK I EVER READ.  THIS WILL BE A WORD OF MOUTH BOOK THAT WILL BE RECCOMENDED OVER AND OVER AGAIN BY PEOPLE WHO ARE LUCKEY ENOUGH TO READ IT.  IT IS THE KIND OF BOOK THAT TRUE BOOK LOVERS WILL HAVE THEIR SOCKS BLOWN OFF.  A MASTERPIECE OF STORYTELLING.  I READ IT IN TWO SITTINGS AND HAVE ALREADY BOUGHT ANOTHER FOR A PERSON WHO WILL APPRECIATE IT.  I PREDICT, THAT JUST LIKE IN SPAIN, WHEN THE WORD GETS OUT, THIS BOOK WILL INDEED MAKE THE BESTSELLER LIST.  GREAT CHARACTERS AND GREAT PLOT. PLEASE, BUY THE BOOK, READ IT, AND THEN WATCH THIS CLIMB UP AND UP TO #1.  THERE ARE SO MANY POOR BOOKS OUT THERE THAT DON'T DESERVE BEST SELLER STATUS.  THIS ONE DOES.  THANK YOU CARLOS RUIZ ZAFON FOR A REMARKABLE BOOK.
0060536942|5.0|Really- one of the bests books on tape I've had the pleasure<BR>of listening to.  The story was fastpaced and downright creepy.<BR>I listened to it twice- and it made my 3 hour roundtrip commutes<BR>something I actually looked forward to for a little while.  I'll<BR>definately be picking up more tapes of Michael Crichton's work.
B00005RYP7|4.0|I bought this film on a whim, not expecting it to be too frightening.  Oh, my!  It's SO suspenseful, and kept me on the edge until the last second!  Great acting, especially by Leelee Sobieski and Diane Lane!  I thought the plot was fantastic, the home setting is fabulous -- treat yourself to this film!
1563894696|5.0|This is the book that got me back into comics! I've been a Batman fan for years but these two guys reeled me in to the comics.<br />This story takes place early in Batman's career. How early? No Robin, Harvey is still \\"Apollo\\" Harvey Dent, and James Gordon is still married to his wife. It's essentialy a murder mystery involving the Falcone crime family, back when there were REAL criminals running Gotham as opposed to the classic Bond-villians-on-acid criminals! Members of this family are being hit and the killer leaves macabe souveniers related to the holiday on which the murder occurs. Everyone is suspect, the conclusion is startling; everything I love in film noir murder mystery!<br />The art is more realistic than other Batman books. My only quip is the way catwoman was designed. They reached the design apex on the animated series. But in this book she has large eye holes, large ears, and whiskers in a attempt to make her more cat-like. Selina Kyle is WONDERFULLY done! The best drawn character is the Joker, he's my favorite anyway!<br />This is my favorite book because it's back to the essentials: Batman kicks the crap out of criminals, no supernatural stuff, and a great emotional comples for our hero! Bravo!
B00008OWZC|5.0|Simply one of the greatest live cds ever created (alongside Live at Leeds).  It's about time a good live cd of Zeppelin was released, and what a cd it is!  I had previously thought that Led Zeppelin was amazing, but Jimmy Page was a little overrated . . . then I heard this cd.  A must buy.
1592400876|5.0|As trivial and nuisancesome (sp?) as punctuation may be considered, it is absolutely a reflection of the intelligence and credibility of its composer. <BR>Far too many people these days have lost the art of communication as evidenced by the growing trend of cell phone text messaging.<BR>Some may resent the author of this book for being British but England is where we get our English from n'est ce pas? (that's French)While travelling in Europe recently, I mentioned to an acquaintance that I spoke English, &quot;No you don't&quot;, he corrected me, &quot;you speak American&quot;. I was chagrined but it got me to thinking, is it that noticeable?<BR>Which is the essential question all Americans must ask themselves, does my writing/speaking reflect negatively upon how I'm perceived by the world at large? How does this affect my day to day life?<BR>Consider our President George W. Bush. Last night he held a press conference where I counted numerous stumbles over words, i.e. he said &quot;instigates&quot; when he meant &quot;indicates&quot; and all I could think is that the rest of the world must think USA is illiterate. <BR>I think this book will definitely help the reader get a firmer grasp on the value of words, specifically the right words placed in the right context to communicate precisely what we wish to say. Thankfully so, since its coming is long overdue.
B0000024JN|4.0|Licensed to Ill is one of the greatest rap cds of all time (and one of the first).  Both fans of rap and rock must have this cd.  Every song is delectable.  I may never listen to the drums on When the Levee Breaks the same way again, however.  This cd pales only in comparison with some of their later work (Paul's Boutique and Hello Nasty).
B0001BKAEY|1.0|This was the worse out of all the Matrix movies. I say this because it was like a rip off of the Star Wars series starting with chapter 4 &quot;A New Hope&quot;. Same story lines,same hero super powers (holding the hand out and controlling objects) and same dull effects. A lot of blue screen (or chromo effects) in this and they where done very slopply. The bullet time effects was (thank god) at a min. The story line continued to drag along leaving the action to die down. Why was this story line needed to be put  into 3 different movies? This movie could have been wrapped up in maybe one or two movies . After a while the action got perdictable. Just a string of hollywood greed and a huge waste of time. Save your money rent it first or watch Star Wars instead !!!!
B000000WZ4|5.0|Quite simply, this is one of the best albums ever made. You'd have to be crazy to love Depeche Mode and not think this album is one of the pinnacles of their career. This album is as good in every way as Violator - if not better. There isn't one bad track. As with all their albums, there is such a plethora of moods and sounds throughout, yet it all contains a subtle dark quality that no one pulls off quite like DM. This has remained one of my favorite all-time CDs since its release. Three of the absolute best songs ever made appear here: &quot;Home,&quot; &quot;Useless,&quot; and the much underrated &quot;Freestate.&quot; &quot;Home&quot; is one of the most beautiful songs ever written, giving me tingles still today with its breathtaking chorus, and is Martin's best vocal performance to date. &quot;Useless&quot; is just brilliant, with trippy synths, great guitar work, and great lyrics. &quot;Freestate&quot; is one of the most unique DM songs ever, using slide guitar, a sweeping intro that induces images of a lonely desert highway, a kickin' electronic beat, and some of the best lyrics to ever grace a song (I could almost swear it was written just for me). If you can't get past the lack of Alan Wilder or the goth look Dave was sporting during this album, then you truly are missing out on a true masterpiece. This album has helped me convert many many friends into DM fans. I couldn't live without it.
B0000TAZBK|5.0|PLEASE note that this set does NOT include the three limited edition CDs, each of which had various features not available on the standard discs.  These are the standard discs; the advertising is misleading.  I did not discover this until I opened the box set, and when I returned it to Amazon, I was only credited a partial amount.  Which is a ripoff, but so be it.<br />In any case, the music is one of the best scores ever written, so it gets nothing but five stars from me.  Just don't think you're getting something you aren't.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I swear I know this movie by heart!<br />As soon as you start watching you get sucked in!<br />The camera work, music, Uma, everything and everyone involved with this movie is amazing!<br />I read comics and this is as good as it gets!<br />Even Marvel isn't making movies that can touch this!<br />This is as good as it gets!!<br />This turns the Matrix into dust!<br />Tarantino has his own style! which no one can touch!!!!!!!!!<br />I can't wait til Volume 2 this Friday!!!!!!!!<br />wow!!!!!!!!!!
B0001I55OC|1.0|I loved reading the book Timeline - I've read it twice and it is one of my favorite books of the last few years.  I didn't expect the movie to be nearly as good - movies seldom are - but I didn't expect it to be terrible!<br />From the first few minutes of the movie, I knew something was wrong.  The acting seemed poor - the dialog unnatural, and they were cutting things out right and left.  Not only did they cut too many scenes - they also fundamentally changed the plot.<br />It's really disappointing when such a good book is ruined in such a poor movie.  I actually had trouble watching it.  <br />Even though I am clearly biased by reading the book, other less biased people who watched it with me agreed that it was poorly done.<br />What a shame.  Don't waste your time with this one - read the book instead!
B00005JMEW|5.0|What we have in &quot;Kill Bill&quot; is Quentin Tarantino's glorious evolution beyond his mid-90s &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; phase, into the realm of truly inspired and, needless to say, brilliant filmmaking. Here is a director who is truly the equal of Spielberg, Welles, Kubrick and Leone. Hell, after watching &quot;Kill Bill Vol. 1,&quot; I'm tempted to say he exceeds all those guys. He is certainly operating on a new level of greatness.<br />How else to describe it? &quot;Kill Bill&quot; is the ultimate action film. It's like the best of Kurosawa, Leone and Robert Rodriguez, all rolled into one beautifully shot, beautifully choreographed, beautifully written, beautiful movie. The violence is beside the point. This is cinematic poetry. (The cartoonish violence is so hysterically over-the-top that it is impossible to take seriously and, therefore, about as &quot;disturbing&quot; as the typical episode of Spongebob Squarepants. That said, do not attempt to watch this film if you do not possess a strong stomach or a strong appreciation for black humor.)<br />The acting is superb. This is Uma Thurman unleashed. Sonny Chiba is brilliant in his own way. Lucy Liu has never been better. Daryl Hannah provokes chills. Can't wait to see more of Carradine and Madsen in Vol. 2. I even loved Michael Parks as the sheriff.<br />But the real star is Quentin Tarantino. No longer a &quot;boy wonder,&quot; no longer the Flavor of the Week for the Gen X crowd, Tarantino is now a filmmaker for the ages, and his &quot;Kill Bill&quot; is not only a classic of the genre, but a thrilling example of cinema at its passionate best.
B00003CXPJ|2.0|Why do they even bother producing movies like this?  Terrible plot, not funny - tries too hard.  Don't waste your time.
B00005K9LK|4.0|Screaming For Vengance is Judas Priest's biggest selling album in the U.S., and everyone can see why.<br />From the metal epics such as &quot;The Hellion/Electric Eye&quot;, Title track, &quot;Riding On The wind&quot;, to the hard rockers &quot;You've Got Another Thing Coming&quot;, and &quot;Devil's Child&quot; this album delivers.<br />The only thing that makes this album not as good as Defenders Of The Faith is the weak song Pain And Pleasure, which kinda sounds like a left over from the Point Of Entry Sessions<br />All in all, it's a good album
B00005JMEW|5.0|Very well done - gory, but in a tasteful way.  Great acting, filming, story, music and plot...  Well worth watching - looking forward to seeing the next one.
B00005R62K|5.0|This album is what made speed/thrash metal what it is today!  From the speedy and flawless beats of &quot;Exciter&quot;, to the Kick Arse chord Progressions of &quot;White Heat, Red Hot&quot;, &quot;Saints In Hell&quot;, and the title track.<BR>Also remarkable from this album is the the epic &quot;Beyond The Realms Of Death&quot; where Glenn Tipton shines on with one of his best guitar solos to date.<BR>this truely the best Priest album of the '70s!
B000066C6Z|5.0|I absolutely LOVE this movie, with some of the most ingenius sight gags in movie history (the train station is my personal favorite, followed closely by the Swedish bookstore).  It was nice to hear an audio commentary from all three directors, though I didn't care for &quot;moderator&quot; Fred Rubin.<br />I'm hard to impress these days, having seen too many movies to be mindblown by them anymore, but &quot;Top Secret&quot; had me collapsed on the sofa.  The point here is the gags, not the plot.  I can't believe how underrated this movie is, and would encourage everyone to give it a shot.
B00005JM02|5.0|Probably in my Top 3 films of the year Finding Nemo suprised me in on an unimaginable level.  A complete left turn from the computer wizards at Pixar this almost real film ranks in among my favorite films of all time.  The story immerses you into the deepest realms of the ocean.  The coral reef scenes are spectacualr to view, especially on HD televisions, and the sound is great too.  The cast headed by Albert Brooks, and the scene stealing Ellen Degeneres, was awesome (Ellen being the best)  The film is probably one of the funniest films I have ever seen, and the film doesn't just target children.  Everyone should see this film once, if not more.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|This is the best movie ever made. It was made by a bunch of friends who used to make movies on their old super-8 camera, and thought they could conquer feature films. They were right. Very right. It has inventive camera work, a good storyline, great acting, and loads of blood. Considering it was made for something like 350,000 dollars (really really low budget)it turned out to be great. I am very impressed with the way this film turned out. I think that everyone should at least see it once. The evil dead is a piece of art, and it is a fun ride. I thank you Sam Raimi, Rob Tapert, and Bruce Campbell for your outstanding piece of film making.<br />- Ash: a 33 years old, 6'1'', Bruce Campbell.<br />- Cheryl: a 32 years old, Ellen Sandweiss.<br />- Scotty: Hal Delrich.<br />- Linda: a 28 years old, Betsy Baker.<br />- Shelly: a 28 years old, Theresa Tilly.
B00005JMCW|5.0|Filled with disfunctional family humor, and great heartfelt acting, Freaky Fiday was one of my favorite suprises of the year.  Jamie Lee Curtis never gets old, and Lindsay Lohan finally comes back from her hiatus as a rebel teenager and not used to the squeaky clean good girl we saw in &quot;The Parent Trap&quot; The film was non stop funny and a good film to watch for a feel good time.  One of Disney's best of the year, Freaky Friday is a film for anyone. I highly recommend this film.
6305127689|5.0|Top Gun really is the best of the best. this film is all about a maverick(literally)fighter pilot making it at Top Gun, the best fighter school around. Tom Cruise plays an excellent character, without doubt the best character ever invented, and he does amazingly. The soundtrack is brilliant and the script is amazing, with quotes to die for eg &quot;i feel the need, the need for speed&quot;. This could be called a cheesy film, but it will, always, make the audience feel delightfully happy, and with a great ambition to become not only a fighter pilot, but also to be maverick. Amazing footage of planes. This film is perfection through and through. This is not an exaggeration. If you have not seen this film, watch it now.<br />- Lt. Pete 'Maverick' Mitchell: a 23 years old, 5'7'' Tom Cruise.<br />- Charlotte 'Charlie' Blackwood: a 28 years old, 5'10'' Kelly McGillis.<br />- Lt. (j.g.) Nick 'Goose' Bradshaw: a 23 years old, 6'2'' Anthony Edwards.<br />- Carole Bradshaw: a 24 years old, 5'8'' Meg Ryan<br />- Lt. Tom 'Iceman' Kazanski: a 26 years old, 6'0'' Val Kilmer.<br />- Cougar: a 25 years old, John Stockwell.<br />- Wolfman: a 22 years old, Barry Tubb.<br />- Sundown: a 30 years old, Clarence Gilyard Jr.<br />- Hollywood: a 27 years old, Whip Hubley.<br />- Lt. (j.g.) Sam 'Merlin' Wells: a 27 years old, 6'5'' Tim Robbins.<br />- Lt. (j.g.) Ron 'Slider' Kerner: a 28 years old, 6'4'' Rick sossovich.<br />- Lt. Cmdr. Rick 'Jester' Heatherly: a 36 years old, 6'0'' Michael Ironside.<br />- Cmdr. Mike 'Viper' Metcalf: a 52 years old, 6'0'' Tom Skerritt.
B00008EYA5|2.0|I may be in a minority, but I really didn't like this film.  The plot was boring, however the film had great action that was wasted.  The cast had promise and didn't do that bad, the movie was plainly a flat out stinker.  I thought the action scenes were wonderful, and that is what the two stars are for; but the acting just didn't impress me that much.  The villain wasn't evil enough and was very weak, and we have already seen the \\"partner that turns bad act.\\"  I took all the good police movies and turned it into something cheesy and mediocre.  Unless you are a fan of the cast, do not see this movie, rent another action film like the Rundown instead.
B0001932ZA|4.0|Trashy looking and predictably fun Arnold vehicle based on a Stephen King novel (which he wrote under the name Richard Bachman) has Arnold as a cop turned into a scape goat for the government to pawn off the murder of protesting civilians who escapes prison, only to be recaptured and forced to play the ultimate reality TV show - &quot;The Running Man&quot;, in which he must outwit and overpower a group of sadistic killers called &quot;stalkers&quot; who are armed with razor bladed hockey sticks, chainsaws, death rays and flame throwers. Will he survive?<br />Professional Wrestler Jesse Ventura, who played one of Arnold's soldiers in &quot;Predator&quot;, plays the one &quot;stalker&quot; who wants to fight Arnold hand to hand. Ironically, both men later wound up in politics.<br />Dark lighting, a very 80s soundtrack and wardrobe, and ironically, a self mocking Richard Dawson provides a better foil to Arnold than any of the stalkers do, at least in terms of his personality. Arnold is fun to watch as usual, and somehow he looks better with a beard. If this movie were being made now, it would be called a comment on reality TV and the lengths networks will go to entertain the public, and in a way, it kind of was then. And like all women, Maria Conchita Alonso looks better with her hair down.<br />- Ben Richards: a 40 years old, 6'2'', Arnold Schwarzenegger.<br />- Amber Mendez: a 30 years old, Maria Conchita Alonso.<br />- Damon Killian: a 54 years old, 5'9'', Richard Dawson.
B0001I55OC|1.0|Richard Donner beats out Ed Wood for the worst director in filmdom with this cheesy effort.<br />The movie combines a complete lack of directorial vision with stilted acting, inane dialogue, some hackneyed, cookie-cutter thrills and an infernal, non-stop music score. The overall result is a trashy presentation of what should have been a robust and entertaining sci-fi movie. Truly third-rate!<br />Don't hold your breath waiting for any of the elements that make the novel by Michael Chriton such an interesting and exciting read. The film bears absolutely no resemblance.<br />Save your money AND your time folks ... buy the book instead!
B00008RV1L|5.0|Crazy. Confusing. Entertaining. Funny ('feed me a stray cat'). Totally bizarre! This is simply an awesome film! Bale gives a perfect performance of Patrick Bateman, if you've read the book you'll know what to expect, its not exactly the sort of film your mother would enjoy but i really urge everyone to see this movie. The supporting cast all do their jobs well (look out for a young reese witherspoon) but Bale well and truly steals the show and is so effortlessly ingaging as Bateman i have found myself watching films purely if he is in them. Check out the memorable quotes to see some of the great one liners to be found in this truly spectacular film.<br />The film is thought provoking and to a degree quite scary as it makes you really think about the normal looking guy at work that little bit different. A must see.<br />Patrick Bateman: A 25 years old, 6'2&quot;, Christian Bale.
B00005221L|5.0|Tghis and  Aliens are the first best Scifi series ever created Next to Godzilla and Critters. Arnold  did a great role.  If you like action movies predator is for you.  I own this on DVD which version of it I am not sure.  I have not watched it in a while.<br />This  movie is made for  adult is made for adult this not a little kid film. If a little kid saw this film it woul tramitize him and give him nightmare for years.  It would have scared the crap out of me I  had not Rented It when I was in my teens.<br />The special effects are magnificent.  The predator is 100 percent hidious though you rarely get to she his face.  Normal he wares a helmet with makes his vision poor make it harder for him to she the body heat of  living creatures around him. He is just a strong and fierce as the alien.<br />But unlike the aliens which will kill any living thing even each other  on rare occassions.   The predator hunts when it is hot there is conflict.  The predator is  picky about his hunt he will not kill any living creature that can not defend it's self.  The predator does not hunt and kill children this  obvious in the second Predator when  the predator does not kill the little boy who is standing in front of him.<br />This is the best action movie I have ever seen. Those of you that loved the fist one  I recommend either buy or rent the second predator.
B00000JHAU|5.0|I guess I lost out on the meaning of the word, and if you know I assume you are better 'versed' than I in pop language.  I really don't care though.  I love Belle and Sebastian because they are beautiful, creative and perfect for a lady such as I.  There are the tunes set on a poppy landscape with melancholy lyrics that make you forget how sad it may be.  There are the tunes that make you want to sing aloud and maybe even dance to (if you have that luxury available)--then there are the quiet songs that break your heart and make crying in your car on the way to work okay.  Everyone has their own opinions, so I'll ignore the negative reviews, and just love them as they are.  There are no bad songs on this album.  It is strong from start to finish.  Each song is a story that is worth telling and I'm glad that I can have a listen.
0920236162|5.0|Hoorah for a princess story where substance counts over good looks!
B0001AP12G|3.0|Kanye is definitely a better producer than he is an mc.  His sick beats are what bring him up.  His production credits include Twista, Ludacris, Alicia Keys, Jay Z, Dwele, Slum Village, The Young Gunz and many many more.<br />I wasn't feeling &quot;Through the wire&quot; when I first heard it, but then when I heard &quot;Slow Jams&quot; I was impressed.  This young man will be the next top producer in the game.  Right now it's the Neptunes and before that it was Timbaland.  But Kanye will probably be the next one in line to win the award for producer of the year.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|That can be argued with as in a any film genre it depends on what <BR>the film goer is looking for on the screen. A western can be viewed<BR>as entertainment, as a message or the a sad retelling of history as<BR>hollywood can best put together. What can't be argued is the amount<BR>of work and love that Sergio Leone put into this magnificent epic.<br />  Claudia Cardinale plays a recently made window desparately trying<BR>to keep a hold on to the land her husband cleverly picked to have a<BR>future near the path of the oncoming railroad. Henry Fonda  (in his<BR>only villianous role) is Frank the outlaw killer hired to make sure<BR>nothing stops the trains path. Jason Robards is Cheyenne escaped<BR>convict out to clear his name of a crime that he didn't commit &amp;<BR>Charles Bronson is Harmonica a man posessed by vengence.<br /> The Director at this point in his career already estabished his<BR>place in western history with the man with no name trilogy but he<BR>wanted do to this as his personal project. This is not a shoot-em<BR>up western this is an incredible portrait painted not only with a<BR>sight and sound unmatched by any previous effort but with feeling<BR>towards it's core of actors that make you sometimes forget that's<BR>a movie.  <BR>    The dvd is paramounts best packaging of a product to date and<BR>gets my vote as the most awaited the widesreen captures all those<BR>landscapes as well as dreaded closeups of it's deadly antiheros.<BR>The sound has never been more crisp as to hear Ennio Morricone's<br />great score. (His greatest I think) The disc also includes three<BR>featurettes covering the making the film by the actors who worked<BR>on it and insight from others (ex-John Carpenter) and a spot on<BR>location then and now,History of the locomotive and trailer.
B0001FR3IQ|3.0|Because if you do you'll get lost in this movie.  I didn't understand why Halle's character was chosen to do what she had to do.  I don't understand what happened at the end.  I was just  lost!  I had to watch it twice to try to figure out what the world was going on.<br />This was a different and new kind of role for Halle.  I don't think that she ever played a part like this before at least not to my knowledge.  Overall though she did do a good job.  But as far as Charles Dutton goes, he needs to stick to his good guy roles.  He looked like a fool when he was on that video camera torturing that girl.<br />If you like a challenge I'd suggest you get this movie.  It's worth it.
B0001AVZA8|2.0|I thought the movie dragged on for way too long. Diane Keaton's crying scene was obnoxious and I couldn't wait for the movie to end.
B0001CNRS4|5.0|Jennifer Alba is on her way to becoming a wonderful actress.  She's a very beautiful woman with a nice presence.<br />You can tell that she was doing her own dancing because of the creativity that was present.<br />I lover her determination.  She was not afraid to say what she tought and she didn't give in to that evil producer who wanted to sleep with her.  The proof of how good she was came in the end when Missy would only use her as a choreographer and started to bring her more business.<br />I also liked the acting skills of Lil Romeo and Mekih Phifer.  Mekih and Jennifer really had great chemistry in this movie.  I hope to see more things from Jennifer in the near future.
B000005RYQ|5.0|Truth be known, if I was buying a &quot;Police&quot; collection for the first time, I'd easily drop a few more bucks to get this one. It includes everything &quot;The Classics&quot; does, 4 excellent tracks it doesn't, and it drops the repeated songs. It's nearly perfect. All the obvious songs are here, but it also has &quot;So Lonely&quot;, &quot;Synchronicity II&quot;, and &quot;Tea In The Sahara&quot;. Those 3 are a huge plus. Otherwise you know the story, they were the biggest band in the world, before they passed the torch to &quot;U2&quot;, and split up.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|I desperately wanted to see &quot;Something's Gotta Give&quot; on the big screen over the holidays, but I never made it, and ended up waiting for the DVD.  What a major over-hype by the critics: totally contrived and cliched, not the LEAST bit witty, and as much as I love Jack Nicholson, quite frankly he is WAY past his romantic-comedy days.<br />There are a few (very few) funny scenes.  Diane Keaton is quite good, as if she could ever turn in a lousy performance, but worthy of an Oscar nomination????  No way.  Rent it, and you be the judge.  In fact, the oddest thing about this movie is that the most believable acting in it comes from Keannu Reaves!<br />This film will really make you wonder about professional movie reviewers.
B000002LND|4.0|Looking at the tracklist here, what else could she call this album? It's 15 of her biggest hits from the 80's. Included is everything from &quot;Holiday&quot; and &quot;Like A Virgin&quot;, to &quot;Express Yourself&quot; and &quot;Vogue&quot;. Plus two extra tracks, one being the excellent &quot;Justify My Love&quot;, which alone makes this collection worth having. Any level of &quot;Madonna&quot; fan should own this. It's even more essential than &quot;GHV2&quot;. If you want one of her best albums, go for &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; or &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;. In fact, &quot;Cherish&quot; them all.
0671027387|4.0|This book was quick and exciting, something I have come to expect of Dan Brown.  Like many others, I moved on to this work after the Da Vince Code and A&amp;D.  I enjoyed the story and plowed through it fully entertained.  The story is interesting, the characters are good, the writing is fun.  However, I have come to realize that Mr. Brown really doesn't diverge much from his formula for a book.  In all three books, I have found a similar character map, a point at which someone (the hero or heroine) says something like, &quot;I can't believe I woke up going to work this morning and now 12 hours later I am in (enter the Vatican, the North Pole, French Estate, etc...)&quot;  and the villain, who is always called &quot;The _______&quot; (Controller in this case) ends up being who you'd least expect!  But, after the third book, it was plainly obvious who the villain would be simply from knowing how Brown tells a story.  This book is good, especially if you have not read Brown's other works.  If you have read some others, you will find a very familiar pace, direction, characters, and extreme scenarios.  I'd recommend for fun reading, but this one doesn't measure up to the others.
B00000DHRX|4.0|When it comes to pop, \\"George Michael\\" is one of my favorites, and even though these 2 discs are great, I think 1 disc would have been excellent. I mean, up to this point, he did have only 3 albums out. It could have been a flawless 18 track disc. Anyway, more is better right. Disc 1 has the ballads like \\"Jesus To A Child\\", \\"Careless Whisper\\", \\"Father Figure\\", and \\"Praying For Time\\". Disc 2 has the upbeat tracks \\"Too Funky\\", \\"Freedom 90\\", \\"Monkey\\", and \\"Outside\\". Plus there's numerous covers and duets, and all pretty good. My only complaints, there's no \\"Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go\\", and the version of \\"I Want Your Sex\\" isn't the single version. Otherwise, this should be all the \\"George\\" the casual fan could want.
B00009W0WM|5.0|casablanca is a wonderful film presented beautifully in crisp black and white. for some reason this fool snerdley thinks old films need to be colorized. i won't even bother to explain why this is wrong, but anyone who thinks that way must be borderline retarded. in another review he bashes the black bars in widescreen presentations saying they don't let him see the whole picture. actually, that's their purpose. things presented in fullscreen crop the sides of the film. in widescreen no part of the film is removed. i just had to comment...
B000002NJS|4.0|It may be hard to pick out &quot;Madonnas&quot; best album, but I think most would say this is her 90's best. Sure it's another phase of hers and blah blah blah, but musically it's very impressive, and her singing is also very strong. And while the album is influenced by electronica, I never heard her say this was a techno album, so it shouldn't be judged as such. Included are the hits &quot;Frozen&quot;, &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot;, &quot;Ray Of Light&quot;, and the moving &quot;Power Of Goodbye&quot;. Two other excellent songs are &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; and &quot;Drowned World/Substitute For Love&quot;. Most of the rest is good too. I really like the &quot;Erotica&quot; and &quot;Music&quot; albums also, but neither is as satisfying as this. It sounds as good as she looks on the cover.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Thomas Yorke, Ed o'brien, Phil Selway, Colin and Johnny Greenwood thank you all a bunch for making an album that tottaly changed my whole life.<br />A special shout-out goes to my cheesecaker friends. hehe
1559273992|5.0|James Herriot is a wonderfully gifted writer. The way he can describe a scene with the exact perfect wording and phrase is simply uncanny.<br />You are THERE on the Yorkshire dales living the lowly daily life of a young vet.<br />Add to that Christopher Timothy's truly masterful performance and this audio book should be in the hall of fame. I cannot recommend it highly enough.<br />A breath of fresh air. Genuinely hilarious, heart warming, uplifting.<br />Give yourself the best gift ever. Listen to this book.
B00005JMEW|5.0|After watching this film again yesterday, and remembering watching it in the theater, I simply asked my self, &quot;why wasn't this nominated for an oscar?&quot;. I meant Quentin Tarantino has proved hes oscar worthy, why wasn't this worthy? It is indeed the ultimate Kung Fu movie. He mixes this movie up with a little &quot;Return of the Street Fighter&quot;,a little &quot;Game of Death&quot;, and much more Kung Fu movies. Quentin should be very proud for his masterpiece in new age Kung Fu movies. Finally no more Jackie Chan or Jet Lee in the flick to make it a Kung Fu movie. <BR>This film is very bloody and gorey, which may be hard to see. It was really hard to see for me, but I couldn't get my eyes off the masterpiece Quentin brought to the cinema. It has great cinemantography and awesome fight scenes. <br />The story goes as the bride(Uma Thurman)is seeking revenge becuase Bill and his posse went to the brides wedding and killed every single person and put a bullet through her head, but her heart kept beating and the bride is then trapt in a coma for 4 years when she wakes up. She goes to Japan to find #1 on her list Oren-Ishi(Lucy Lui)It is the ultimate revenge movie. <br />I have looked over the features in this dvd and there not all bad, but don't buy this, wait till kill bill volume 2 comes out and then they'll be a pack. I bought this film simply because I couldn't wait, after watching it in the theater I couldn't wait not to buy it. This dvd has a behind the scenes, and it has the origin of kill bill. How on the &quot;Pulpfiction&quot; set Tarantino and Uma Thurman how they were talking about how they wanted the movie to look like. It is a great featurrete. It has a music video from the 5,6,7,8's. This dvd also includes Tarantino's trailers for Resivor Dogs, Pulp Fiction, Jackie Brown, Kill Vol. 1 teaser, kill bill vol.1 bootleg trailer, and the teaser for kill bill vol.2. If you haven't seen this film, its a must.
0698119347|5.0|I think Storm Breaker is a great book for teenager's. It is what almost every teenagers want's to do. To be like James Bond, with the cool gadgets, the intensity, and the thrilling things he does. This is a book for all age groups but targets teens. Anthony Horowitz is a great author.<br /> In the beginning of he story a kid named Alex Rider losses his parents and goes to live with his uncle Ian Rider. Alex thinks his uncle is a bank teller. His uncle dies in a car crash and later finds out that it was a lie. The police that told him his uncle died in a car crash. He went to this impound lot and found his uncles car riveted with bullet holes. the police were telling the truth about his uncle dying but they lied about him dying in a head on collision with another car.<br /> Alex Rider, Herod Salye, a rich guy who is giving new computer to all the schools in London. Mr. Blunt, the manger of the bank that Ian Rider worked for or so we think. read the book to find out ore about these characters. After you read this you can read the two sequels Point Blank and Skeleton Key.
B00005JLMH|4.0|The main reason I purchased this DVD was the character of Don Adrian de Moxica so skillfully portrayed by Michael Wincott. It was in my opinion the strongest performance in the entire movie, but unfortunately lasted a mere 35 minutes before....well I won't say in case you have not seen the movie yet.    Aside from Wincott's stunning performance was that of Armande Assante who did an excellent job portraying Sanchez, council to Queen Isabel (Sigouney Weaver). Sadly the only reason I gave this movie four stars instead of five was the character of Columbus. I like Gerard Depardieu quite a bit but could not get past the French accent on the Italian explorer. Perhaps a better choice could have been made.    The soundtrack in strong and moving. Vangelis' music fits perfecly with the gorgeous scenery through out the entire film. Lots of atmosphere.    For reasons unknown, Paramount has opted to hold back the release of this film on DVD. Maybe because Christopher Columbus is deemed so 'Politically Incorrect' these days. Lesser films than this have gotten Paramount's royal treatment. I ended up purchasing a fairly decent release from Hong Kong. Unfortunatley it is full screen and I am unable to veiw the movie in all it's intended splendor, but it will have to do for now.
6304711905|1.0|The popularity of this movie continues to astound me. As much as I dislike Kevin Costner, his \\"Wyatt Earp\\", while still not perfect, is altogether a more historically accurate portrayal of the real events depicted in the film. There are just some films that take themselves so seriously while totally mangling any chance of believability, they leave me alternating between laughing out loud and wanting to throw things through the screen. This is one, \\"Armageddon\\" is another.    OTOH, if you liked westerns in the 50's where nothing was even remotely realistic, this might be your cup of tea. All style, no substance...
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Why does it seem like all the quality television shows - the ones with heart, humor and intelligence - always get the ax?  It's a shame that Fox didn't promote this show nor give it a real chance (such as an entire season) to get its own legs. <br />After watching all of the Firefly shows, I feel so cheated! I wish I could have seen how these characters played out, how they would have grown, and revealed themselves.<br />This is by far one of the best shows to be made - I can barely stand waiting for the movie....
B000002LPD|4.0|One of Van Halen's strongest and heaviest albums with Sammy Hagar. There are no vomit squealing love songs with a tacky keyboard on this record. However the record is just so rock cliche'd and cheesy &quot;Aint no way round the system&quot;  Sammy screams &quot;Hey it depends on how you see it&quot;, Sammy roars again &quot;get nothing free&quot; Sammy says. Its enough to burst those pubertal spots. And then we have Eddie with his thirty second virtuoso leadbreaks, then Sammy roars again that &quot;he's a man on a mission for action with no respect&quot;<BR>Musicians as good as Hagar and Van Halen should be producing more intelligent records than the usual mainstream rock album they have produced since the fantastic first Van Halen album. But looking back that was also a bit cheesy. If you like Van Halen, its probably worth getting &quot;Unlawful Carnal&quot;, after you have purchased VH 1, 2, Fair Warning and 1984.
B00003CXXP|5.0|I did not see this film in theater (myloss) because of the bad reviews it got from &quot;movie critics&quot;  However, I was fortunate to receive it on DVD as a gift.  It would have made Issac Asimov, &quot;I Robot&quot;,  proud.<br />This was a great movie from plot to cinematology to music.  True, it is based on an old fairy tale, but is much, much, more.  It is a story of human failings and desires stretched to a futuristic limit.  With Spielberg, I expected a lot of fantastic special effects, but became so engrossed in the story that I missed them along the way.<br />My wife left the room in tears, no less than 3 times during the movie, and I am glad, so that she wouldn't see mine.  Even my 84 year old Dad liked it and he normally watches only old westerns.<br />Who is truly human in this movie?  The people or the robots?  Watch it and decide for yourself.  It is well worth it.
B000060MMI|5.0|this is one of the best cds i have come across in a long time.  It blends celtic and punk in a way that evokes memories of the pogues yet it has its own unique style.  For those of you with out this albums i advise you buy it!  It falls in a category that also contains blood or whiskey and dkm
B0000CEB62|4.0|I got fortune of seeing this on German TV twice within a month which was fantastic. This is compulsive watching as an on-the-road documentary of the band as they set up for their 101st gig at the Pasadena Rose Bowl. <br />Some may complain that there should have been a live video instead of what was given but I disagree. Live videos are somewhat boring as they don't really give you the feeling that is to be there live. Having said that I suppose it would have been a good memento for anyone that was there at the show. But this is just my opinion<br />However I do find my annoyances with it myself and that's mainly because of the sidetrack tale of a bunch of teenagers going to the gig and their teenage philosophies. It tends to be very dull and uninteresting and I don't really want to hear their views on fashion ( oh but Depeche Mode means fast fashion doesn't it ). Nevertheless you get a good quote out of one them who hates Guns'n'Roses who retitles them &quot; Guns'n'Posers.&quot; I'm sure Axl wouldn't want to hear it but then given how he likes Depeche Mode and Pet Shop Boys - I'm sure he takes it as a compliment! Otherwise he would have had the lawyers round!<br />But we know that Dave is &quot; not a f*cking wordsworth &quot; and that Marty began a little obsession with country and western music which goes a long way into explaining why Johnny Cash must have covered Personal Jesus ( although hindsight is a beautiful thing ), Fletch is just there basically to hold them together and Alan reveals that even he cocks up on the keyboards so there's hope for us all. Nevertheless the tape rolls and the concert must go on and as is the way, the band played on
0679777547|5.0|While searching around inside of a bargain bin I found this book.It took a little to get into it,but it ultimately pays off in the end.It never hurts to know a little latin to understand this book all the better but once you read it once you'll read it over and over.The style is amazing and the cynicism of the lead character keeps the slight humor off to the side for just the opportune moment.The mystery,murder and links to some of the greatest literary works of all time keep you coming back chapter after chapter.  Sic Luceat Lux...
B000002LCI|4.0|Depeche Mode hit the big time here. If any album made Americans and any non-believers believe in them, this is the one. It has all the typical DM features that you would expect in a DM album. It may not be one of my favourites ( CTA, BC and Ultra and Violator get that honour ) but make no mistake it's not far away from them.<br />If you are thinking about buying this you should do so now
B0001HAHXW|1.0|WHERE'S THE FIRE, WHERE'S THE SPIRIT OF ROBERT JOHNSON.<BR>WHEN EC WAS YOUNG HE WAS FULL OF PASSION AND FIRE,ITS HARD<BR>TO FIND IT ON THIS CD.ITS LIKE BLUES ELEVATOR MUSAC. ITS KIND<BR>OF SAD THAT A SUPPOSED BLUES PURIST PASSES THIS OFF AS BLUES.<BR>THIS SOUNDS LIKE ITS COMING FROM SOME ONE A MILLION MILES<BR>AWAY FROM THE BLUES. I AM REALLY DISSAPOINTED IN THIS CD,<BR>I WAS HOPEING FOR MUCH MORE. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS CD.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I have been waiting for this gem to come out on DVD since seeing it in the theater late last year.  Uma Thurman gives an outstanding performance as &quot;The Bride&quot;, and Lucy Liu is just as great as &quot;O-Ren-Ishii&quot; (sp?).  Of course, my favorite has to be that mace-wielding 17 y.o. &quot;Gogo&quot;.  That woman deserves her own movie!!  :)  QT does an excellent job of blending artistic valor with the best elements of martial arts movies and spaghetti westerns.  I am so anxious to see Kill Bill 2 this weekend.  It will be a climactic ending to one of this year's most excellent films.  While I didn't really care for PULP FICTION...and have never seen RESEVOIR DOGS or JACKIE BROWN, KILL BILL is an entirely different beast altogether!  Give it a try....even with all of the blood squirting everywhere...it's still a good flick!
B00000DFSK|5.0|I am a casual fan of U2, I know a lot of their songs and I own Rattle and Hum. I have recently discovered how good of an album it is. Many people have said that this cd is not good for major fans, but I wouldn't know-I'm not a major fan. But after I bought this I liked U2 a lot more. So here's a casual fan's review of all of the songs:<BR>Pride (In the Name of Love)-Good song. This song is about Martin Luther King Jr., and has a lot of energy. Edge's guitar ringing is absolutely amazing.<BR>New Year's Day-Pretty good. Terrific lyrics, shows how good Bono is at writing songs. A good song.<BR>With or Without You-Moderate. Not my favorite U2 song, but still OK. Later in the song when the pace picks up it's better, but just a medium song to me.<BR>I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For-Pretty famous U2 song that's very good. I also like ringing Edge again on this song.<BR>Sunday Bloody Sunday-Larry does a good job on this song. I think it's a very good song. It seems surprising for it to be that good, but it's a great tune.<BR>Bad-Falls under the same category as With or Without You. This is a pretty good song, but not the greatest, only OK.<BR>Where the Streets Have No Name-Very good U2 song from a very good album (Joshua Tree). Nice intro, and good lyrics by Bono.<BR>I Will Follow-Falls in the category of New Year's Day and Sunday Bloody Sunday. A good surprising song like Sunday Bloody Sunday, and I the guitar part part mixed with Larry's drumming sounds amazing.<BR>The Unforgettable Fire-At the beginning it sounds kind of like Bad but slower. Give it a chance though. It's very good.<BR>Sweetest Thing [The Single Mix]-Very very good song. Good piano sound by Adam? Not sure who it is. Anyway, this song is great and once again, shows good lyrics.<BR>Desire-I guess you could say this is a fun song. I already knew this one from Rattle and Hum. Very good.<BR>When Love Comes to Town-Fun song like Desire. An acceptable song. Not the best, but good.<BR>Angel of Harlem-Great song. I also knew this one from Rattle and Hum. But this is a very famous song, and it doesn't dissapoint.<BR>All I Want Is You-An good song. Once again, good lyrics. Kind of is a good all the band song-good job by everyone.<BR>October-Short song but beautiful. Once again, good piano. This song is a slow one but great. It's a hidden track at the end of All I Want Is You and is a great way to end the album.<br />I bought this album only knowing these songs: Pride, With or Without You, I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For, Where the Streets Have No Name, Sweetest Thing, Desire, and Angel of Harlem. That leaves more than half of the songs, eight, that I didn't know if you count October. So this is the perfect album for a casual fan. Don't worry if you've never heard most of the songs on here-they are great. You will not be wasting your money buying this album. I strongly recommend this album to casual or any fan of U2, a great band.
B00009RDG9|3.0|Benicio Del Toro is a great actor, and so is Tommy Lee Jones, but great actors can't save a movie with a tired plot.<br />The story is pretty similar to Rambo and U.S Marshalls and I couldn't help but think this was a redo of U.S Marshalls, only this time it was Del Toro instead of Snipes. As with most other action films, the plot had to be fairly simple, so as not to confuse the audience *sarcasm here*, and this is where most action-thrillers seem to fail for me, they are virtually plotless. <br />The film does not develop Del Toro's motivations adequately at the start, it relies instead on flashbacks which are pretty brief and aren't very convincing. It seemed to me like an afterthought to put in a motive for his conversion from being a hired killer to a part-time loony. <br />I don't want to spoil the film for you though so if you like action, I guess you won't be too disappointed. However if character development and great storylines are essential requirements for your viewing pleasure, you might want to watch something else, check out Del Toro in Traffic, or the Bourne Identity which is marginally better.
0156029065|2.0|I'm still wading through the book, but I have to agree with the gentleman who said that this story is tedious, because it is.  I'm not really engaged in the character Baudolino.  I could care less what happens to him.  The setting feels incomplete.  I don't have a good picture of where the characters are at any point in time.  I think that fans of Italian or Middle Age history may enjoy this more as it seems to reference a lot of history that I am not well-versed in.  It makes for a good book to put me to sleep every night, however.
B00005JKMQ|4.0|Not being a boxing fan, but having had watched When we were Kings, I had a rough idea of who Ali was and what he had achieved during his career. I heard about Will Smith's role in Ali so decided to watch this as well.<br />You have to give credit to Will Smith for the accent,and the swaggering, overconfident 'Ali-ness' that he carried off so well. What interested me the most about this movie was Ali's contact with the black muslims and particularly Malcolm X. It was interesting to watch these two giants of the Civil Rights era come together in a time when the struggle for minority rights was the fiercest.<br />Ali's struggles after he had lost his right to box made me realize the power that Government has over the people within it's territory, but it also shows how hope can overcome what appear to be insurmountable obstacles. This was the saddest part of the film, and I think it made for good drama. <br />Despite Ali's magnificence in the boxing ring, he was a flawed man. His promiscuity makes a mockery of his religion and his weak excuses made me realize just how limited certain men are in carrying over the discipline from public life into the private. <br />I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in the life of Muhammad Ali.
1592400876|3.0|This book is well written and depending upon who one considers the &quot;expert&quot; in such things, well edited.  That said though, has the world really become such a nit-picking place that we need to split hairs-- much less infinitives? --  over whether the comma or mysterious semicolon goes here or there?  Clearly Kafka would have found a book such as this quite an annoyance. Does that make the substance of his work any less valid?  Moreover, the deeper reality is that perfectly valid thoughts and feelings can be expressed in a number of ways depending upon how the individual writing them opts to punctuate. Allowing those less-schooled than those from Eton to express ourselves by sometimes applying creativity in our punctuation <BR>efforts, even though doing so just might stretch the rules, seems to me the very stuff of which the ever-developing tool that we call language is made of.  For those that fear being misunderstood because they might have erred in the &quot;perfect&quot; application of classic British punctuation rules, this is a good work.  For those that feel within them the freedom to express themslves as they see fit, ESL serves as a solid reference and a great bookshelf item to hold in reserve for those times when you you write to your more rigid British friends.
B00005JKNF|4.0|I didn't have high expectations when I got this film, but I enjoy some British drama, so I decided to give it a go. I'll spare you by not going into detail about every element in the film as I'm sure you will be able to work that out yourself if you decide to watch the film. <br />In reply to the previous reviewers, this film is not primarily a detective film, so one shouldn't expect this to be like your classic whodunnit. In fact the murder and it's resolution seem almost secondary. What is the more interesting aspect of the film is it's depiction of the interraction between the English aristocracy and their servants. <br />It is a comedy of sorts as well. You have the dimwitted pipesmoking, Sherlock-Holmes imitating detective who fails to discover any relevant information on the murder, you have your typical American who is constantly on the phone about urgent business and then you have the pretentious 'sods' themselves; the aristocracy. <br />There are a number of subplots within the film, all of which are skillfully tied in toward the end. There aren't many dull moments in this movie as there is always something to be resolved, and so many characters to keep track off.<br />Judging from previous reviews, this movie may not be everyone's cup of tea, but if you enjoy drama and aren't put off by lengthy conversations then you might enjoy this film.
B00000AFWW|2.0|I was really disappointed with this CD. It is nothing like &quot;Live Through This&quot;, and was not at all up to the standards of the Grunge Goddess, I am a fan of. The first 2 tracks are the only good ones, the rest sound more like the &quot;Go-Go's&quot;, pop from the 80's, rather than the raw, hard-edged music I was expecting from Hole...........
B000002NFM|5.0|There's not much to say about this album other than it's an essential peice of kit for any CD collection. <br />If you've ever heard any hard bassed dance track, techno tune or even ever been to a club, then you NEED to buy this album. It needs to be played ... and then played again .... and then it needs to be played again .... only louder still! If Hi-Fi manufacturers had known about this album years ago that volume knob on your sterero wouldn't only be numbered from 1 to 10 ..... it'd have 1 - 10 and then a 'Prodigy' setting that would equate to about a 54.<br />Word of advice - Don't listen to it whilst driving ... you'll end up with no brake pads, no tyres and lots of speeding tickets.<br />Can honestly say that out of all albums this is the one I'd least like to part with. It's large and loud and admittedly you're not always in the mood for it ... but when you are it's a stunning album.
0385336810|5.0|Readers who've been enchanted by the Becky Bloomwood character of Sophie Kinsella's SHOPAHOLIC series will not be disappointed by CAN YOU KEEP A SECRET?<br />Emma Corrigan is a Junior Marketing Assistant in the London HQ of Panther Corporation, which makes, among other things, Panther Cola and Panther Bars. Sent solo to Glasgow to conclude the formalities of a marketing alliance with Glen Oil, thought to be a sure thing, the deal suddenly falls apart. Attempting to salvage the agreement, Emma spills a can of Panther Cola all over the shirt of a Glen Oil VIP. Distraught, Emma boards a plane for the flight back to London - and she's afraid of flying. Unusually strong air turbulence makes the flight terrifying. Her tongue loosened by the certainty of impending death, Emma blabs all her personal secrets to her seatmate, a reserved American. As a matter of fact, she spills her guts: her relationship with her boyfriend, girl roomies, family, and co-workers, and the details of her sex life, her underwear, and the little lie she put on her Panther Corp job application. You get the picture. Absolutely everything, including the fact that she accidentally killed her parents' pet goldfish and substituted a look-alike.<br />The following Monday, the quiet Yank shows up at Panther Corporation. As it turns out, he's multimillionaire Jack Harper, the company CEO and one of its co-founders, who's making a tour of his European offices. Corrigan's life will never be the same. But Jack has a secret also.<br />Except that Emma doesn't have Becky's relentlessly spendthrift habits, the two are soul sisters. Both are young, naive, just a little ditzy, otherwise intelligent, pretty, generous, charming, kind-hearted, and with a propensity for infinite self-deception. Both are incredibly endearing despite their faults.<br />Author Sophie Kinsella is a genius at creating absurd situations from which her heroines must extricate themselves. Her books are gems in the genre of Humor. As I read CAN YOU KEEP A SECRET on the train to work, fellow travelers must have looked at me strangely as I occasionally giggled.<br />This is light reading with a capital \\"L\\", but I heartily recommend it.AN YOU KEEP A SECRET on the train to work, fellow travelers must have looked at me strangely as I occasionally giggled.<br />This is light reading with a capital \\"L\\", but I heartily recommend it.
B00005JMKI|2.0|Boring, Sentimental, Overwrought, Sanctimonious, Psychologically suspect, Lars Von Trier's \\"Dogville\\" somehow, someway sneaks into your psyche and resonates with a world-wise and world weary view of life much like it's much tamer, thematic second cousin Thornton Wilder's \\"Our Town.\\"<br />A frowsy, shell-shocked Grace (Nicole Kidman) blows into town dressed-to-the-nines looking for a place to hide and maybe someone to care; expecting succor from the suspicious, nasty, small town of Dogville. Instead, she finds the worst of what mankind has to offer: a lying, small-minded citizenry bent on her destruction at worst and her enslavement at best.<br />Von Trier's so-called experiment with time and especially space is not in the least new or experimental. For what we have is a filmed play, photographed on a soundstage: nothing new, nothing revolutionary, nothing avant-garde. (...) At almost three hours, \\"Dogville\\" is way too long; much of it just plain boring and emotionally diffuse.<br />Nicole Kidman does her wounded best to make something of her role as Grace; the ultimate victim and for the most part she succeeds at being real and truthful as does Paul Bettany in his Iago-like turn as Tom Edison Jr.<br />\\"Dogville\\" doesn't work on most levels and yet the performance of Nicole Kidman cuts through all the pseudo artiness of the mise en scene like a laser. This is the one saving grace of the film.
B000002OVJ|5.0|Besides the title, I have to say that The Who is the best &quot;live&quot; band as well, they can make different things on stage out of the studio albums, whereas other brilliant bands can only repeat the studio versions and can't give the audience THAT excitement which is expected from a live concert. although I'm a great Who fan, I'm not going to be passionate(just a bit) when talking about this album.Live at Leeds was recorded in 1970 and so, captures the band in one of their best moments; it's interesting that Keith Moon(drummer) and John Entwhistle(bassist) didn't make any solo, but their attitude towards their instruments is so much outrageous and furious; Roger Daltrey is singing brilliantly as his voice had been so much improved during the 1969 Tommy tour and Pete Townshend is the great leader of the pack.<BR>The Who gives new life to some classical songs e.g.&quot;A Quick one...&quot;, &quot;tatoo&quot;, &quot;Magic bus&quot; among others. But for me, the great outstanding piece is the&quot;My Generation Medley&quot;, which lasts nearly 15 minutes and shows the exact potential of The Who playing live; it shows their huge capacity of improvising and creating on stage.<BR>If you buy this album, you will get one of the best live registers of the best live band in the world!!!
B0000AUHOH|3.0|I suppose it would be interesting to know who gets the blame for \\"Star Trek V: The Final Frontier,\\" which is almost universally acclaimed as being the worst of the \\"Star Trek\\" films.  Story credits go to director William Shatner, producer Harve Bennett, and screenwriter David Loughery, so that at least narrows it down for us.  I might not know who ultimately gets the blame, but I do know what part of the story becomes the film's downfall: the Great Barrier.<br />Now, supposedly the Great Barrier represents the end of  the finite universe and even though I never took any science course beyond Life Through the Microscope, I know that this is a stupid idea.  Just the idea of a finite universe is enough to blow the gaskets of every scientist in the known galaxy.  This is without taking into account the fact that it would take a long time to prove the existence of this \\"finite space\\" in the first place.  Besides, when you find out what is behind the Great Barrier the idea reaches a new level of stupidity (Think about it: which is larger, the area inside the Great Barrier or outside the Great Barrier?  Answer: outside.  Fine.  But does that make sense given the purpose of the Great Barrier?)  Granted, the purpose of the Great Barrier is simply to (a) create a mystery as to what is on the other side and (b) to set up the climax of the film, but even so, did they have to come up with something stupid to get that done?<br />This fifth \\"Star Trek\\" film starts off hoping to build on James T. Kirk's mortality, in much the same way that \\"Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan\\" did so well.  This time confides to Spock and Bones that he has always known that he will die alone, which makes us pay attention when at a key moment in the finale Kirk seems to be alone.  Of course now we know that Kirk does not die alone because we saw him die a couple of films down the road.  This film also continues to emphasize the strong relationship between Kirk and Spock, which reached its operatic heights in the finale to \\"Star Trek II\\" and was resounded in different ways in the third and fourth \\"Star Trek.\\"  That alone was a clear indication of how this one was going to end.<br />\\"Star Trek V: The Final Frontier\\" starts off on stronger ground with the curious introduction of a laughing Vulcan.  This would be Sybok, played by the under appreciated actor Laurence Luckinbill, who is the anti-Vulcan (or anti-Surak) in that he things truth can be realized only through exploring the emotions.  Sybok has plans for binging peace to the \\"Star Trek\\" universe, but by the time those plans are underway this movie has become seriously derailed (basically, once the opening credits are over the film is in trouble).  We have Kirk, Spock, and Bones on a camping trip to Yosemite where they toast marshmelons and sing \\"Row, row, row your boat.\\"  Apparently there are limits to what we will endure given our affection for these characters, and this scene prove its.  Meanwhile Sybok has kidnapped diplomats for the three main powers in the \\"Star Trek\\" universe and the Enterprise has to go rescue them.  They have to do this with a ship that does not have transporters (just the sort of starship you want to send on a rescue mission), which requires Kirk and his crew to do a whole bunch of silly things to move the plot forward.  The only thing that keeps the patient alive is the mystery of what is on the other side of the Great Barrier, and as soon as we learn the answer we can only laugh at the absurdity of it all.  This film also has the worst special effects in the series; the explanation is simply that ILM did not do them.<br />Fortunately, it had already been well established that every other film in the \\"Star Trek\\" series was worth watching, so \\"Star Trek V\\" had to be made just to get to \\"Star Trek VI.\\"  The only one of the original cast who fares well in this one is George Takei, whose mature Sulu consistently maintains his dignity through the ups and downs of this entire series.  No wonder he inspired so many \\"Star Trek\\" novelists to write adventures about Sulu as captain of his own ship.<br />Finally, whatever the sins of this film, the DVD extras are sufficient to grudgingly round up give &quot;Star Trek V&quot; three stars.  The father and daughter Shatner commentary has its comments, the text by the authors of &quot;The Star Trek Encyclopedia&quot; is well done, the various featurettes are all above average..  No wonder he inspired so many \\"Star Trek\\" novelists to write adventures about Sulu as captain of his own ship.  <br />Finally, whatever the sins of this film, the DVD extras are sufficient to grudgingly round up give &quot;Star Trek V&quot; three stars.  The father and daughter Shatner commentary has its comments, the text by the authors of &quot;The Star Trek Encyclopedia&quot; is well done, the various featurettes are all above average.
B0000AXE8I|2.0|What's worse then the cheesy costume neo wears, is the music. That crap they play doesn't go with any fighting scenes. Big time lame! What the heck were they thinking?<BR>missed the guy who likes steak. :)<BR>The story in the first installment was kind of slow at times but very good nonetheless, the story in part two is the worst thing about the movie. period. What kind of crap was that?<BR>I can't believe the high rating people are giving this movie, it was barely watchable.<BR>sheesh!
B00005V331|5.0|Do you know who said that?  Jon Bon Jovi.  What does he know?  Venom are one of the few chosen sons in the history of metal!  &quot;Welcome to Hell&quot; is everything your parents did not want you to listen to.  Chok full of chainsaw guitar dives, warhead drum blasts, bulldozer bass and vicious vocals it is an essentail release to have in any true metal-head collection.  This is the band that was sadly pushed aside when Slayer, Megadeth and Metallica started gaining ground way back in the day.  Personally, I love Slayer, I used to like Megadeth and Metallica...well...  anyways, I highly reccomend &quot;Welcome to Hell&quot;  Aside from lacking in the production, it is a classic!
B000002UDB|4.0|This is my favourite Beatles album, containing some of my favourite Beatles tracks. Everyone will be familiar with many of the tracks on this cd, so there's no exegesis needed in that regard! If you don't know most of the tracks then get this cd and give yourself a bit of a musical education! I'm more of a Stones man myself, but its thumbs up for the fab 4 for their work here
6305095442|5.0|this is a classic horror film, i gave it 5 stars because it is scary but at the same time funny and allmost comic book.
B00005JMEW|5.0|This is one of tarantinos best movies made, and the other one being resivior dogs. dont get me wrong, all of tarantios movies are good, but those two stand out the most cause of the dialog and setting of  the two movies. kill bills action sequinces are packed to the brim with gore and violence, and i find it ammusing cause the way tarantio makes a bloody, action packed scene is just funny. i know this review isnt making scence, but what does these days, if u dont have it already, RUN AND GET IT CAUSE IT WILL AMAZE YA.
B0001HAHXW|1.0|This latest effort by the aging Birtish rock icon; once called God, is the epitome of the Brits yet again ripping off the great American bluesmen. This is somehow more eggregious, as it is a direct lift from perhaps the greatest blues player of all time. Clapton has no shame. The singing is horrid. If there is anything that the blues community agrees on is that Robert Johnson was the seminal figure in Mississippi Delta blues. Sure Clapton has the chops on the axe. But is  nowhere near Buddy Guy, Albert King, B. B. King, Freddie King, Jimmy Reed and great Muddy Waters. NO. Not even close. Don't buy this !
B000089RVX|4.0|Evanescence's Fallen brings the world of truly inspirational lyrics and great music together. Although they've broken the pop barrier with lyrics that you can actually understand and that actually mean something, they still get criticized. I realize that not everyone likes every kind of music, but if you sit and just listen to the lyrics, I can guarantee that at least one song will touch you in some way. Evanescence sings about everyday problems and feelings that at some point everyone has felt. It truly is a feat to mix beautiful piano solos with crashing rock music, but Evanescence pulls it off. The only downfall is that some of the songs sound very similar and it can get old, plus the female lead seems pretty strange and almost goth like, but there's no denying her magical voice. Her voice seems to say a thousand words in one note. When the hum drum of everyday talentless pop stars is making you crazy, Evanescence comes through with stellar talent.If you're looking for a powerful mix of heart touching lyrics and great music, this is the CD to own.
B00018D44U|2.0|I like Norah's debut album, but I am far from a huge fan of her music.  Ms. Jones returns to the music scene with nothing new to offer her fans, which isn't surprising.  Her voice, while beautiful, has absolutely no range or emotion, like Sarah McLachlan's voice does in her live concerts.  If you want something to relax to, &quot;Feels Like Home&quot; will satisfy you.  If you want something fairly interesting and appealing, buy something else.
B000002KXV|5.0|Steely Dan are the last thing America, circa 1982, would consider a legendary rock outfit. Not after releases like Aja and Gaucho, leaning more towards neo-jazz and funk than arena rock; but maybe that's why Steely Dan stopped touring after the release of '84's Pretzel Logic. But, when the legendary backbone of the outfit, Donald Fagen and Walter Becker, parted in 1980, fans all over the world wept in sorrow, wondering just who would replace them as the masters of the ultimate oxymoron, contemporary jazz. Two years later, Doanld Fagen returned with eight songs of redemption and salvation called The Nightfly, and it was good.
B00008S2VG|5.0|In my opinion it´s among Madge´s best, besides Ray of Light, Like a Prayer, Music and Bedtime Stories. The sound is modern, alternative, rythmic, melodic. The mixture of acoustic guitars and strings with electro and retro beats made this sound like a dream. It´s also ironic, critic, mature. Madge simply user her courage to release such a masterpiece.<BR>Best tracks:<BR>Love Profusion<BR>Die Another Day<BR>Hollywood<BR>Nothing fails<BR>Intervention<br />and EASY RIDE makes me want to cry... so beautiful.
0553296981|5.0|The Diary of Anne Frank was an optional read for me. (...)when I first heard about the Holocaust, I was so enthralled in everything that happened and the power Hitler managed to come into.<br /> This book is a wonderful story for everyone and I think every history class (or any class at all) should be required to read it, it's an excellent view into the past.<br />(...)
B00008J4P5|3.0|this is the album that made the white stripes famous.  i think its ok, not really my style.  i think the hives are a little better.
0060920432|5.0|I'm in sales and this book helped me tremendously to &quot;flow&quot; with my sales presentations and on a personal development level. My sales more than doubled in 4 months. Absolutely great book. Highly receommended.
B0000CFW87|5.0|Excellent cd. I love this cd. I constantly listen to it. It is a great cd for a quiet mood. Josh's voice is absolutley mesmorizing, especially the songs that aren't in English. I am not at all disappointed that they did not include the lyrics in English, it is still fun to follow along. I cannot wait until the next cd comes out, though I do not see how it could be any better.
B0000691TJ|1.0|even if youre a fan this album is a bit of a let down. its miles away rocket to russia which is fantastic. very poor.
B000002H2H|5.0|While Metallica arguably peaked creatively and commercially with the Black Album and its hit singles, &quot;Enter Sandman, &quot;Sad But True&quot;, &quot;Where I May Roam&quot; and &quot;Nothing Else Matters&quot;, Ride the Lightning, and its successor, Master of Puppets, rank among their most ambitious, and best work. Ride the Lightning is essentially a hint at what was to come with Master Of Puppets, considered by many to be their masterpiece. Ride the Lightning is not a masterpiece in totality due to its weaker cuts, but given its time (1984) and the musical climate it was written in...it's still exceptional.  <BR> <BR> Choice cuts like the title track, &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;, &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot;, &quot;Fade to Black&quot; and &quot;Creeping Death&quot; are now rock radio staples - and with good reason...they're incredible. &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; is such a leap forward for Metallica from it's &quot;Kill Em All&quot; days - only &quot;Seek and Destroy&quot; from that album comes close to rivaling it. &quot;Fade to Black&quot; is a solemn trip towards suicide, with the track fittingly fading out perfectly. The real gem here though is track seven &quot;Creeping Death&quot;, a harrowing reaccount of Moses's bout with the Pharaoh.  Yes, it seems ironic that Metallica went biblical - but they did, and created a bonafide metal classic for all time, as stunning lyrically as it is musically. Final track, &quot;Call of Ktulu&quot; began what became a Metallica staple, the instrumental track. It also helped them emblazon their trademark classical-sounding interludes that would also become their trademark. <br /> Metallica was a band that made its reputation on playing harder, faster, and louder than anyone else. What folks don't realize is that wedged between the speed and volume are strong melodies and incredibly sharp musicianship.  Ride the Lightning, with its intricate interludes as well as fast playing, begins to showcase Metallicaas more than just metal hacks, but very skilled musicians. On the strength of its four best cuts, Ride the Lightning is a five-star album. Given its time period, and the music climate existing at the time, it was completely different than anything else existing, and helped pioneer and inspire an endless horde of imitators, the least of which whom could hold a candle to the original masters of metal. Simply put, Ride the Lightning is a (hard) rock classic that has stood the test of time.
0385510438|2.0|Normally, I can not put a Grisham book down. The Firm, The Client, The Street Lawyer, The King of Torts all have that fast paced excitement we expect from a Grisham legal thriller. Such is not the case with The Last Juror. Although there are some interesting parts, this book reads much more slowly and lacks the excitement of most Grisham novels.<br />The Last Juror is much more about life in a small southern town than it is a suspense novel.  If you liked The Painted House then you will probably like this book too (I didn't like The Painted House at all). Just don't expect it to be a legal thriller.
1402573219|5.0|I absolutely loved \\"My Sister's Keeper.\\"  The audiobook is phenomenal!  The story is told from the viewpoints of the central characters, each read by a different narrator.  Each narrator (possibly with the exception of the reader for Julia/Izzie's characters), does a great job and helps to make the characters real.  I listened to this book and then listened a second time - I've never done that before!  This is perhaps my favorite audiobook ever!
0060516070|4.0|I had bought this book about 15 years ago after graduation. Over the period of time, I have come to appreciate it more and more.<br />The book addresses the issue of how to be effective and hence successful at work.<br />It concludes that effective person (executive) knows exactly where they are spending their time, focus on contribution (rather than efforts), build on their own and others strengths (rather than weaknesses), concentrate on few major areas where superior performance will produce outstanding results and finally make effective decisions.<br />All the above practices or habits have been explained in details and with examples.<br />The one thing I regret is that there is no coaching forms or other aids. A fieldbook would be a great follow-up for this book!!<br />Any Drucker book needs to be re-read over a period of time for maximum impact.
B00018D44U|4.0|I think this CD is really good. I love listening to it while I am studying or stressed out because it just clears my head and relaxes me. Norah Jones has an amazing style that allows you to just sit back and enjoy her singing without too much going on in the background. I love it.
B00018D44U|1.0|HER SONGS SUCK! THEY PUT ME TO SLEEP! GET THIS TRASH OUT OF THE MUSIC BUSINESS
0920668372|5.0|I loved this book! It's a simple story about how a mother and son show each other love at different points in their lives.<br />I found the book very touching. It surprises me that there are so many negative reviews about this book. Maybe its because they didn't get along with their mother and at a subconscious level this book evokes much hate, guilt, resentment. Who knows? <br />Zev Saftlas, Author of Motivation That Works: How to Get Motivated and Stay Motivated
B0000691TJ|1.0|this album really is the pits. they must of completely run out of ideas by this time. truly awful, its hard to believe this is the same band that made  those classic albums in the 70s, really depressing!
B000059GEI|4.0|Ok Ok. I have been a lifelong Marilyn Monroe fan since childhood, I love her. But when you are a Marilyn fan you have to put up with hit and miss movies. No Business is one of them. When Marilyn is on the screen singing and dancing, the movie is all hers. Who doesn't love the Heat Wave number? The rest of the movie is a drag and unless you are a huge Ethyl Merman fan (?) this film doesn't have much to offer.<br />This is a musical with a very light plot; the story of the Donahue Family in show business. The two sons grow up to be a couple of dorks. The one who wants to be a priest is just scary. He acts like a Peter O'Tool derelict with a murderous smile. The other one is driven over the edge by Marilyn's lack of interest and joins the Navy.<br />Like I said, if you are a Marilyn fan, there are scenes in this film that you must have. If youare not a Marilyn fan, well you got Ethyl and Berlin music.
B0001BKAEY|2.0|The Matrix series started out so promising -- the 1st chapter was such a unique idea that the potential directions for sequels were exciting &amp; virtually limitless.  The bizarre direction that the Wachowski brothers chose for Reloaded &amp; Revolutions is just baffling.  Call me an idiot if you want because it's probably true, however, I know a stinker when I see one.  <br />In Reloaded, we were treated to much more of the outstanding visual effects that were started in The Matrix, but after watching Reloaded for awhile, the movie started to become stale as if the story were really going nowhere.  Then came the scene with the architect.  How many people, in a theater full of people, could focus on, comprehend, and process the mind-numbing gobblty-goop spewing from his word-hole that was apparently important to the storyline?  Sure, you can follow his speech better while sitting at home watching the DVD, but is that why you go to the movies? To wait for the DVD?<br />While Reloaded was just o.k., it was a gem compared to Revolutions.  With this movie, I feel that the series truly went down in flames.  The 1st half-hour of the movie involved the gang trying to rescue Neo from some sort of ridiculous virtual train station that had nothing to do with this movie or the series as a whole.  Why was this put in the movie at all?  Well, the continuous, non-stop, and boring fight scene that made up the rest of the movie only lasted 90min, so they obviously needed some filler material.  The extended apocalyptic battle between Neo &amp; Smith was so over-the-top that I started laughing, but even this short-lived amusement faded after the scene went on for another 40 min.  The battle for Zion was actually alright, if too long, and the scenes above the surface in the machine city were interesting as well.  However, the ending to the movie and the series was abrupt and unsatisfying, leaving very little closure for people who have been big fans of the Matrix series.<br />I hateto see this happen to a movie series that starts out so promising.  All I can say is, if you are a fan of the Matrix, watch that movie again instead of this one.
B000002UJQ|3.0|I like OK Computer.  It has an awesome cover, and I always am happy to hear the opening notes of Airbag (my computer plays albums randomly).  BUT, it is NOT the album of the '90s.  Even masterpieces like Karma Police and Climbing Up The Walls can't make up for songs like Electioneering and Fitter Happier (if that even counts as a song).  Radiohead sound amateur in many places on this album.  The drums are often poorly recorded, sounding very tinny and trebbly, and most of the guiter distortion is overdriven, making the music sound very cheap.  It amazes me that so many people give this album 5 stars.  A 5 star album for me is one that is a solid, cohesive journey all the way through, with every track being very good, not with some (4) being awesome and the rest mediocre.  This is indeed a good album, and possibly worthy of 4 stars, but I don't find it worthy of 5 stars, and it is certainly not the album of the '90s.
B00005JMEW|5.0|The long awaited fourth film by Quentin Tarantino is very, very far from being anything close to a disappointment.  Tarantino really risked a lot while crafting this homage to Japanese grindhouse cinema, beginning with the opening &quot;Shaw-Scope&quot; logo to the buckets of blood splattered throughout the film, but it all pays off from beginning to end.  When the Bride (Uma Thurman, perfectly cast) awakens from a four year coma, she sets out for revenge against Bill (an unseen David Carradine) and his Deadly Viper Assassination Squad (consisting of Lucy Liu, Vivica Fox, Darryl Hannah, and Michael Madsen); all of whom left her for dead on her wedding day.  Like Tarantino's Pulp Fiction, Kill Bill Vol. 1 is presented out of order before it finally comes full circle; another risk Tarantino has taken that, just like in that film, pays off brilliantly.  The action scenes are better than anything you'll see in any movie with the word Matrix in it's title, but do be warned, this is not for the squeamish.  Miramax played a large role in Tarantino cutting the film in half, but with Volume 2 right around the corner, we'll see how the bloody saga of the Bride concludes.  The features on the DVD are basically fluff, I'd recommend waiting until Vol. 2 is released on DVD which will no doubt be packaged with Vol. 1 and containing a host of features.
B0001932ZA|5.0|You'd think this is a movie about running but it isn't. It's about the way prisons will be in the future, game shows, reality shows, and it shows that these shows work and no one wants to go to prison. Sadly this will never happen b/c Liberals see prison as a place to put victims while they wait to get free lawyers to bail them out.
6303921248|5.0|I have watched &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; at LEAST 10 times over the last 8 years.  It is truly one of the BEST adaptations of a novel and Sue Birtwhistle deserves such credit for her brilliant production.<br />I do not believe that I have EVER seen a better suited cast than in &quot;Pride and Prejudice.&quot;  Typically, in every movie - you always find that several roles have not coincided with your image of who you imagine the character as being portrayed.  Not so with &quot;Pride and Prejudice.&quot;<br />Especially brilliant is Colin Firth (will he EVER have a better role?) and Jennifer Ehle. These two title roles were SUPERBLY cast.  Jennifer Ehle was magnificent in this movie.<br />What makes ALL of the acting so amazing is that the language was so different and yet it was so believable.  The costumes were lovely; the dancing was historically accurate AND interesting; the countryside and houses were magnificent.<br />EVERYONE involved in this movie should feel rewarded.  I believe that even 50 years from now, it will still be viewed as one of the greatest classics.
B00003CXCT|2.0|George Lucas never ceases to confound me.  He was responsible for arguably one of the most important and influential science fiction films of all time (Star Wars, 1977), a film that broke down special effects barriers and helped show that sci-fi can be an incredibly fun, energetic and exciting genre to watch.  Star Wars is a technical marvel and a joy to watch.<br />Why then, does Lucas feel the need to disrespect the brilliance that went into the original film - brilliance from co-writers, advisers and most specifically the technical geniuses behind the effects - and spoil that artistry with computer graphic special effects that do nothing to enhance what made the film great in the first place?  Turns out he's not the great film maker so many - himself included - believe him to be.<br />In trying to over-write cinematic history by replacing a classic version of a film entirely with a plastic-fantastic wannabe, Mr. Lucas spits in the face of everyone who helped make Star Wars the brilliant film it was.  I would implore anyone with a sense of cinematic appreciation to reject this DVD release - let's see Star Wars released as we remember it, as it should always be remembered, in its original theatrical cut.
B0000AR8NK|4.0|When I first heard &quot;New killer star&quot;, one thing came to my mind, the song &quot;Final solution&quot; by the band &quot;Pere Ubu&quot;.  &quot;Final solution&quot; has also been performed by Peter Murphy and his vocals sounds pretty much like David Bowie on this one.<br />I see a lot of &quot;Pere Ubu&quot;'s influence in this album.  No, we are not going in a new century with this album, I think we are going in the past with some music that was not very popular at that time.<br />Do they all still stick together (Iggy Pop-David Bowie-Peter Murphy).  I think so as they influence themselves a lot.<br />A good album
B00006LLOB|3.0|This was the Wolf's biggest seller - how sad!  Allowing for a couple of high points (Built For Comfort is lighthearted fun) the &quot;band&quot; is unsympathetic and arrogant sounding.  I think they confused speed and virtuosity with soul and musicality.   Check out the intro to Little Red Rooster:  Wolf tries to show the band how to go, and they still launch into a series of cliches.  Get this one after you've bought &quot;Moaning At Midnight&quot;, &quot;The Sun Recordings&quot;, &quot;The Wolf Box&quot; and the wonderfully elegiac (recorded 3 years before he died) Live at Alice's Revisited.
0140277447|5.0|This review thing is getting ugly. <BR>A book is a book, and it has more in-depth telling of the events and other materials from extensive research. Why are many reviewers, mostly from Japan, just trying to associate this book with the Communist, the Nationalist, or any other imaginable entities? Or they even try to connect this with the atomic bombs? They are trying to smear the picture here. I think over the last many decades, many Japanese are doing just that. Remember that they have repeatedly attempted to &quot;revise&quot; their history textbooks about the WWII.<BR>To my knowledge, this book also contains quotes from those who deny that the event ever happened. We treat this book as the result of Iris Chang's extensive research. By citing some little flaws (if there are) and then discrediting the entire book, those reviewers are just attackers in heart. <BR>History would be a good teacher if people learn from it. Obviously, some Japanese do not want to learn at all. These people are the ones who should not be in power and will not, for they will bring the Japanese people and nation much misery and misfortune.
B000063JZQ|5.0|I can't recommend this enough.  I teach Shakespeare to 6th and 8th graders, and this movie absolutely engrosses kids of this age.  Polanski makes every nuance of the play clear, and the acting is superb.  We read a little of the play, work with it, then I show just that part of the DVD.  (I have to leave out very few scenes because I teach in a public school, so no nudity allowed.) I wish Polanski would tackle other of Shakespeare's plays.
B000089RVX|5.0|Most people dont know this but there are also 2 other Evanescence cds out there.  They are just hard to find... one is the demo disc... and the other one is called Not For Your Ears... I also have heard about one called Origins.  I am not sure but if u can find a song called Anything For You by this band, it is awesome.  This cd is great also... I love it alot.  But if u love this band do urself a favor and try to find these other cds. Just look for them on any search engine... quite easy to locate the info about them.
0783225547|5.0|While it contains remarkably realistic special effects, those who have been told that \\"Dante's Peak\\" is merely a piece of \\"eye candy\\" can consider themselves among the woefully misinformed.  It isn't a simple sugar-coated snack to be consumed and hastily digested; it is an elaborately composed symphony of a film.  It contains riveting performances, breathtaking locales, a captivating love story and an extremely agile dog.  Thus, the \\"eye candy\\" label would be ill-suited for this particularly film and more properly directed at other assembly-line disaster movies.  Reader, I assure you, after one viewing you will understand: to watch \\"Dante's Peak\\" is to have your retinas treated to 109 minutes of cinematic fillet mignon.  <br />The story involves the charmingly quaint town of Dante's Peak and its charmingly quaint inhabitants.  While the town is the embodiment of peace and tranquility, there is trouble brewing beneath the surface.  Geologist Harry Dalton (played with unwavering masculinity by Pierce Brosnan) and Mayor Rachel Wando (played with unwavering masculinity by Linda Hamilton) believe the town in danger of being destroyed by an unexpected eruption from the presumed-dormant neighboring volcano.  Their quest to rescue the town meets resistance in the form of a stubborn city counsel, Dalton's ignorant boss and, of course, an enormous volcano.<br />It should be noted that \\"Dante's Peak\\" is the perfect star-vehicle for Pierce Brosnan.  He is pitch-perfect as the resolute Dalton.  In fact, it occurred to me while watching the film that nobody other than Brosnan could have played the role (he just looks like a \\"Harry Dalton,\\" doesn't he?).  In the face of Mother Nature's wrath, Brosnan provides the searing rivers of magma with a worthy human adversary.  Early in the movie, his character is introduced vigorously doing a grueling set of pushups.  Seeing this, we immediately think, `The volcano doesn't stand a chance.'  Indeed, Brosnan is a force of nature all his own.<br />The film itself is an uplifting one; a tribute to the human spirit.  The only thing which disappoints me is that a sequel has yet to materialize.  Years have passed since the film's initial release and it has failed to escape the consciousness of movie-goers.  \\"Dante's Peak\\" has given us such rich characters and wonderfully-realized scenarios, who wouldn't want to witness the further exploits of Harry Dalton &amp; Friends?  Personally, upon first viewing the film, I envisioned a trilogy.  I could imagine a sequel where the U.S. government calls Dalton out of retirement to stop the potential volcanic eruption of Mount Rushmore.  Perhaps in the third installment Dalton &amp; Co. could be thrust into the deep unknown of outer space as they investigate the unusual seismic activity of a dormant volcano on Mars.  These sequels, I believe, would prove to be lucrative for the studio while also satiating the overwhelming public thirst for more \\"Dante's Peak.\\"<br />Regardless of how many sequels are made, the original film will always remain a classic.  A skillfully-crafted spectacle filled with wonderful performances and indelible images, you don't have to be a geologist to realize that \\"Dante's Peak\\" is a gem.
B00008RH3L|5.0|While not given much attention upon release, Miller's Crossing has developed a devoted cult following, particularly among fans of the Coen Bros. Ratcheting up the elements that made Blood Simple so popular (grotesque, humorous violence, bizarre but consistent characters, random chance undoing complex plans, incredible plot complexity, etc. etc. etc.), Miller's Crossing nonetheless manages to be far more emotionally powerful than the earlier film. This one bears quite a few repeat viewings, with a plot full of more twists and turns than most of us can follow in one sitting. Like most of the Coens' films, this is tremendously enjoyable, even when you're not quite sure what's happening or why. This is one of my all-time favorites. A perfect script, great cinematogrophy, a top-notch cast, and, of course, flawless production and direction make this one a classic waiting to be discovered. Simply put, one of the best films ever made. Miller's Crossing is a morality play created with infinite style. Complex characters, complex plot, excellent acting, and great editing. Probablly Gabriel Byrne's best work. If you consider yourself a sophisticated moviegoer, this is not one to miss. But a caveat to the mainstream, you can't eat popcorn and watch this movie at the same time; it requires your full attention. And if you thought that the Road to Perdition was a great film you will probably not understand why so many of us love Miller's Crossing.
6305263248|5.0|A mystery man summons a group of mercenaries, mostly has-beens of the grand spy game. What follows? Naturally: lead is flying, the tires are burned by former Formula 1 drivers, and the cast proves to be an ensemble that could light up more than one firmament. A recipe for cashing-in -- one could say -- but rarely a recipe for an instant classic. Ronin, however, just clicks. Clicks as Rubik's cube would and pulls us into a ninety-degree spin and onward to enchantment and an immense adrenaline rush. Why? Because it treads on irresistible subjects of solitude, camaraderie, love and betrayal -- here all served on the palette of the post-cold-war games -- and does so with a seductive flair. From the first group scene in a decrepit Montmartre bar, we are reminded that people often need to be distrustful in order to survive and that the sinister in life might be only an inch away. John Frenkenheimer (The Manchurian Candidate) captures that exceptionally well and leaves little to chance: the careful selection of actors, locations and camera movements solidifies this movie. The story never falters, even though the main price and the stated opposition are both rather enigmatic. The dialogues between Sam (Robert De Niro) and Vincent (Jean Reno) are lean and unforgettable: \\"whenever there is doubt, there is no doubt...that's the first thing they teach you.\\" A propos teaching, watching the movie with the director's commentary is an eye-opener and it should be a treat for those who make or aspire to make motion pictures. The slick soundtrack, the use of blue lens and the novel fonts used in the credits frame it well. Ronin is a delight. This film will leave begging for more even after several screenings, no doubt.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I wasn't expecting to like this movie but it was really great because of it's creativity, style and extremely fitting music. The music, I'd say was one of the best things of the movie, because not only was the music in itself interesting, but really enhanced the film and matched the scenes perfectly. The main thing is that Uma Thurman really hasn't grown at all as an actress and the few lines she does say feel completely wrong and take you out of the film. She's similar to Keannu Reeves and Brooke Shields - nice to look at but awful acting. Additionally, she looks totally out of place as a kung fu warrior. Her arms are so thin and skeletal (not lean and tone like Jennifer Garner) it's like trying to sell Kate Moss as a boxer; and her hands are so big, something's asymetrical and off balance - very unjapanese. And finally, Uma's moves are clumsy, she's like flailing and sloppy. This is expecially brought out in the scene with Lucy Liu, who actually is a black belt, I believe and Lucy's crisp, sharp, quick and precise moves really bring out Uma's newness to the art. However, in spite of Uma's acting being less than par than any of her co-stars, the movie is really slick - although very bloody and violent. Tarantino made a good call to have the most violent scenes in black and white as color would have been too gruesome. I also enjoyd the animated segments of the movie.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|HI ALL , I WAS JUST WRITING THIS TO CLARIFY SOMETHING FOR THE FELLOW WHO THOUGHT HE MIGHT BE HAVING A PROBLEM WITH HIS DISC . THIS PARTICULAR RELEASE IS A HYBRID \\"STEREO\\" RECORDING AND DOES NOT INCLUDE THE MULTI CHANNEL ASPECT. MANY OF THE OTHER DYLAN SACD'S DO, HOWEVER, FEATURE A MULTI CHANNEL LISTENING ADVENTURE.. BY THE WAY .. NICE TOUCH ON THE OBSCURE ZAPPA REFERENCE ... RDNZL
0790734850|5.0|Does it get any better than this? Film Noir in Color!  This movie is a film noir with natural lighting. This not only applies to the sets. The characters in this film are shown as they are - the good, the bad, and the ugly about each is right there on the screen for all to see. The acting is exceptional all around. Watching Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe, and Guy Pierce (playing cops as different as you can imagine) each pursue the same case in their own ways is captivating entertainment. Kim Basinger, Danny DeVito and James Cromwell also turn in notable performances. I saw this in the theater when it first came out and I have seen it several times since then on DVD. It only gets better with each subsequent viewing. Note: If you love a move with great music, then you are in for a treat with this one. The soundtrack is good enough to listen to without the movie.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|The Matrix series is based off of several philosophical and mystical sources: gnosticism, Nietzche and Buddhism. This movie, is faster, and more action packed, but still covers philosophical questions concerning reality. Philosophy 101 in blockbuster format.
B0001HAHXW|4.0|I already own Robert Johnson's Comeplete Recordings, so I don't need an imitation of him. I'm a big fan of both EC and RJ, and it seems to me that both of them shine on this CD. Clapton walks a fine line here, doing the songs HIS way, but also letting them speak for themselves. There are almost no  trademark EC solos and he takes few liberties with Johnson's lyrics, but he has a great band and he's not afraid to use it. Clapton's vocals are as good as they've been since Layla, and sometimes, they're pretty remarkable. I could quibble with some of the arrangements, and maybe with the record production, but that's small stuff.  The important thing is that the spirit and emotion of RJ come through on each track.
0805062971|5.0|This book is really the best book I have ever read in my entire life... I had a hard time getting in to books until my friend Phoenix came around and I he got a whole group of my friends into this book and now I am converting as well.  The whole idea of this book is amazing.  Read the book then watch the movie- your obsession will grow like you wouldn't believe.
B00004XQ8E|5.0|Mahler is a tremendous composer of the 20th century. His Jewish origins are showing at every turn in his music and that gives a tremendous depth in the suffering and contemplation of death that he engulfs himself into. We expect a soprano and we get Kathleen Ferrier who is an angel-like and dream-like contralto whose depth and sombreness is so great that we follow her in the earth into which the music, the singing, the lyrics and even the artmosphere of the recording lead us. We feel the tendrils of all plants growing from this earth, both overground and underground, caress us, entwine us, wrap us up, roll us up into the shroud of a promised and unevadable death. What is surprising in this great music is that there is no world beyond death, that death is nothing but a door opening onto the total merging of one person into the natural world, into the earth and the sky, the stars and the deep fire that burns under the ground, a fire of intense recollections and life beyond life in the memory of those that remain behind. Mahler is the child of a world that has lost God and that has discovered, or rediscovered, our mother Nature. No suprise then that midnight is the time when the magic of this going beyond takes place and conquers our senses. Mahler and Ferrier reach an unheard of level of mourning in this midnight that is so far from light, from daylight, from the morning that will bring the sun again. They both, music and voice, go down into this darkness, this sombreness, this angst too, never to return. Death becomes a voyage into the total and eternal life of nature and the earth that will necessarily survive us forever.<br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU
0920668372|5.0|This is a great book, and after each one of our three kids tore theirs up when they were still little, we bought new ones, and now we are buying hard back versions to give to them as they enter adulthood, even though we have a few years. <BR>It brings to mind the realtionship of your own Parents and the relationship of your children and their children. It is a beautiful story for the ages.
B000000WHX|5.0|With infectious grooves, high production value, sexy vocals and incredible lyrics, it's no wonder that Massive Attack's \\"Blue Lines\\"  is one of the greatest trip-hop albums of all time!  There's not a bad song on this one and MA's material doesn't sound at all dated like a lot of stuff that came out in the early 90s. Truly the \\"Godfathers of Trip-hop.\\" Every fan of this genre should own \\"Blue Lines\\"!
0812550706|5.0|When I first found that book I wasn't sure if I should actually buy it or not. The abstract of Ender's Game reads more like a military sci-fi story which I usually don't like. However, having read incredible good reviews of this book I decided to give it a chance. The story is set in the future when humans had already fought their first war with an extraterrestrial species called the Buggers. Constant fear of another Bugger attack forces the world government to develop a strong military scheme which identifies and trains highly talented and intelligent young kids to be the military commanders of the future. Deprived of their childhood, these kids are put into battle games to improve their tactical and analytical skill sets. Ender Wiggin is the genius among the youngsters. He wins all the battle games and gets ready for the final encounter with the Buggers. <br />This book is one of the best sci-fi books I have ever read and definitely plays in the same league as Ubik by Philip K. Dick or other master pieces. The book is rich of character development which is kind of unusual in the sci-fi space. In fact, Orscon Scott also published a textbook on character and viewpoint for novel writers.  Ender's game delivers such great insights into the psyche of these highly talented kids and also doesn't fail to deliver great story twists and suspense. I have also recommended the book to non-sci-fi friends of mine and they all loved it. However the only drawback I noticed is the rather awkward integration of the 'speaker of the dead' character. I am very sure that Orson Scott did that to have a smooth transition to the sequel of this book. He may have even added that part after the book was finished. In my opinion, this particular bit of the book doesn't work out properly.
B000002C4J|5.0|This is a awesome album by Mrs. Celine Dion!! Of course all of Celine's work is awesome! My favorite songs on this album are ALL of them, that's how great this album is! I reccomend you buy this one oh yeah and also buy Falling Into You, that's also another great one!!! CELINE U RULE!!!!
B0000C8AW2|5.0|This came as a complete surprise to me. The songs are great and the arrangements fulfil their mission: to portray a new Dylan yet again. <br />\\"Changing of the Guards\\" has something of \\"All Along the Watchtower\\", but is amplified with \\"Deisre\\"-like imagination (this time, though, it's all his own!) and  then something completely new: the haunting melody, unsung, \\"the changing of the guards\\".<br />\\"New Pony\\" sounds as gutsy as how the sticky-fingered Rolling Stones would, if they played with him during the early 70's.<br />\\"No time to Think\\" is a masterpiece. Take the whirlpool of \\"Hard Rain\\", add the congregation and some soprano sax and strings that remind me of  Van Morrison's \\"Tupelo Honey\\", not to mention the lyrics. How come this track has been so overlooked? <br />\\"We Better Talk this Over\\". I think you have to dislike dylan in order to dislike this song. Me, I'd like to hear it done in the \\"Nashville Skyline\\" voice!
B00006CXXU|3.0|oh what can i say bout this cd its pretty good shes very uniqe isnt afraid to be her self and speak her mind, and she dosent care what people think about her. her songs are very good ecspecially cant hold us down a girl power song talks about the sexist issue where if guys get all kinds of girls there awsome if girls do that they get caled a slut. beautiful just like the title says its beautiful saying dont listen to other people you r beutiful. well to wrap it up its a great cd with some inspirational songs
B0000C8AVM|5.0|What can be said about this album that hasn't already been said? Nothing, really, it is his chance to cleans himself of all the pain and guilt from his collapsing marriage. But beyond that, he doesn't just go out and tell his pain in words, unlike other artists like Phil Collins 'I Don't Care Anymore' off ...But Seriously, instead he works his gift of poetry carefully around every line, simple songs that sound complex, lines that aren't overexplained, even if you haven't lived throught the same thing, you can still relate to the pain and conviction he runs through every line. And therein lies the power of this album, he's never beat it, he's never done anything better than it, and I really believe that it is possible that no one ever WILL make anything better than it, because although it has a theme, the songs don't need each other to remind you the frailty of the human condition, they don't preach to you, or go out and say &quot;Hey, you! Pity me!&quot; No, instead he slowly unravels every line, telling his story through tales of others, giving you the chance to read into it what you will. His voice carefully places the pain in, sometimes too well, he cracks and almost seems comedic on 'Idiot Wind' but it works, he's putting Sara down, and inviting you to join in this cleansing as well. One song though, does make it obvious how sad he is: 'If You See Her Say Hello.&quot; On this song he wonders how she's doing, if she misses him, and asks for one last chance to see her, not to get her back, not to try to get back into her life, but just to make sure she's okay, he truly still loves her and just wants to say goodbye on friendly terms so that the pain does not gnaw through them both. This is the song that really makes me think of Dylan as the genius that he is the lines &quot;Say for me that I'm all right though things get kind of slow/She might think that I've forgotten her, don't tell her it isn't so.&quot; A simple request, telling the audience just how much she means to him, and that he doesn't want her back, that eould only hurt her more, instead, he just wants her to know that he's sorry, and that he hopes she'll forgive him before moving on with her life. Many people think of Bob Dylan as a genius, or a voice of the 60's generation, or a leader, but this heart wrenching, and ultimately fulfilling document, his greatest gift to us, tells us tat he's just a man. If you don't like Bob Dylan, then don't buy this, listen to the sound samples and if you don't enjoy those, don't get the album. Don't put up reviews dissing this, if you don't like it, that's your choice, don't be like Chris and say &quot;All of Bob Dylans music just blows and it sounds worse now your voice is boring and your voice is ignoring.&quot; that shows no class, no dignity, no car about what others think of you (it also makes you seem like another person blowing the Idiot Wind) but ultimately, that review speaks more about the changes, the apathetic hate and ignorance in society than Dylan could with a whole album. Take this and give it a listen. That's all I ask.
0451169514|4.0|I first read this book more than a decade ago and it was my first taste of the Stephen King experience.  That long ago reading created yet another King fan, who has, over the years, returned again and again to this talented author.  Currently (2004) I am re-reading this novel and am not as impressed as I was as a teen.  However I would recommend this book to any King fan, fan of horror or fantasy.<br />Excellent read.
0452283760|5.0|Ayn Rand out-did herself on this book. Though usually overshadowed by Atlas Shrugged, The Fountainhead is arguably Rand's greatest piece. It is the true story of a hero with his back against the wall, in a struggle to fight for what is right. For all of you socialists out there, pay close attention to Ellsworth Toohey- it might be like looking in the mirror.
0375701427|2.0|At the beginning of the book I was so absorbed that I couldn't put it down, but by the middle, it was just so unrealistic and boring. The women in this book are not portrayed well, at all, and there are so many misplaced scenes. I had a lot of high hopes for this book because I couldn't stop reading it, but in the end I didn't feel sorry for any of the characters.
B0000636UN|4.0|I think she is very talented in playing the guitar and adding her voice makes it great.Her songs lift you up and can relax you also.Since I'm a man I enjoy women singing like her.I like also being able to read the lyrics included in the CD for each song.With her being famous I'd like to be listed as a grateful fan.Hopefully I'll be able to see and hear her at a live concert.I've enjoyed her woman friend's voice and singing for many years(Stevie Nicks).Sheryl Crow has a special blend of music.Rock-n-roll with a country smoothness with a touch of Pop music.I'm very happy I bought this CD...
B00004XQP4|5.0|Very simple, but highly catchy music.<BR>These guys are definetely tops when it comes to the recent pop/punk genre.<BR>If you love short songs that are easy to sing along with, then this CD is for you.<BR>Similar to what The Ramones did in their heyday.
0894803123|5.0|I received this about a month ago with my Cuisinart ice cream machine. It was the best purchase I have made in an Ice Cream Book! Follow the recipies and you will have some great deserts! It is worth every cent!
B000002IU9|5.0|I've had this album for a few months now and i can't get enough of it. It only took 2 or 3 listens to this CD and it became one of my favorite albums.This is metal at it's best, the only negative thing i'd say about it is that Achilles is too long. Master of the wind is one of the best songs i've ever heard in my life. If you like heavy metal you'll love this album.HAIL MANOWAR!
B000067CPX|1.0|If you are a true Chili Peppers fan you will laugh at this record because it is just so weak and tired it is sad..It caters to the mainstream audiences who love Scar Tissue and Under The Bridge and who know nothing of the RHCP's 1980's albums..If you played 1985's Freakey Styley for these mainstream fans they would run out of the room screaming...What's more sad is that critics and some people actually think it is great....It is a good album if you are a Matchbox 20 fan or a Dave Matthews fan because all that is here is mellow mainstream little commercial pop ballads...The band is too concerned about recreating Under The Bridge and by letting Frusciante have the majority of input proves he has no idea what RHCP music is supposed to sound like...The albums they put out in the 1980's are fast paced, fresh, exciting, original and most of all contain the one element that seperates this band from any other-FUNK!!!!!This album has NO FUNK and is tired and mellow..Maybe this band cannot write fast paced funky songs while being sober although they did it with Mother's Milk in 1989...The 1980's RHCP records are a zillion times more fresh and new than this horrid piece of garbage..If you are a true RHCP fan keep bumpin' Uplift Mofo Party Plan..If you are some newcomer who loves Under The Bridge and Scar Tissue then have fun with this trash
B0000CDLA7|1.0|I know a lot of fans will slam me, but what happened to Petrucci's playing.  I considered him the most inventive player in rock music from the mid to late 1990s.  However, I cannot understand why he changed his style.  He barely sounds like the same creative player he once was.  He has abandoned many of the great melodic and rythmic lines he used to play, and his soloing now feels hollow and sometimes out of place.  Of course, John could always burn on guitar when he wanted, but some of his distinctive sound is gone.  <BR>     I used to love Dream Theater, and I will always love their music prior to Jordan joining the band.  He is a phenomenal player, but I also think his talent has had a detrimental influence on Petrucci and Portnoy.  Dream Theater used to be a progressive metal band with good songs, but their now an artsy band that your never know what to expect from, i.e. this album. The band is really grasping now as illustrated by James rapping some of the lyrics.  Message to the band--don't disrespect the fans by turning your album into a joke or rushing to completion. I wish I didn't have to turn my back on Dream Theater, but I don't have faith in them to deliver a good album these days.  A final note, John Myung should be the sole lyricist.
B0001EFTVA|4.0|I rented this movie out of ceriosity. Hey, the animation looked  good, but I've been disappointed by recent anime flicks I almost passed it by. This isn't a typical rehased story or vaporware plot.  The characters are solid, flawed individuals, the story is comic, brutal, exciting and overall very heart warming. Highly recomended if you like quirky fun films. <br />The soundtrack is nice too. Not the best 5.1 surround, but it's there when it matters. The music is quirky and IMHO suites this film perfectly. Sorry, no english dub on this one. But an average dub job would ruin this great character film anyway.<br />Oh, and the preview for Otomo's &quot;Steamboy&quot; was a nice little bonus, too.
0783225849|5.0|By now, the storyline of 1960's PSYCHO and all of its once-surprising plot elements are well known, but the film nonetheless continues to frighten audiences and thereby maintains its reputation as a masterful bloodcurdling thriller. That's largely because of the skills and sensibilities of auteur Alfred Hitchcock, specifically his deftness at manipulating audience expectation.<br />Hitchcock deliberately gives PSYCHO the look of a cheap B-movie exploitation flick by filming it in black-and-white and employing not his usual cinematic crew, but instead the crew from his popular TV show ALFRED HITCHCOCK PRESENTS.  As for the plot, he sets up the Marion Crane (Janet Leigh) story as if it will be further developed and continue to the conclusion of the film.  When Marion steals a large sum of untraceable cash from her employer and then drives off with plans to meet her lover in another town and start a new life, the film is obviously a straight-forward heist drama, right?  Well, just when the audience thinks it knows where this plot is heading, a deranged killer gets thrown into the mix. Suddenly the film's timbre changes and the story abruptly shifts direction, thereby disrupting viewer expectation and, in turn, invoking tension and apprehension in the audience members. And of course, this primes the audience emotionally for the unexpected scares yet to come.  &quot;I was directing the VIEWERS,&quot; Hitchcock once told fellow director François Truffaut. &quot;You might say I was PLAYING them...like an organ.&quot;<br />PSYCHO was based on Robert Bloch's popular pulp novel, which itself was inspired by the exploits of Wisconsin killer and ghoul Ed Gein.  After Hitchcock purchased the film rights from Bloch, he engaged the services of screenwriter Joseph Stefano--who would later develop and work on the classic 1960s TV genre series THE OUTER LIMITS--to adapt the novel to the screen.  Stefano's screenplay was relatively faithful to the source material, with two notable exceptions: middle-aged, balding Norman Bates was transformed into a handsome younger man; and the murder of Marion in the shower, described in the novel as one swift thrust of a butcher knife, was expanded into a major scene in which the young woman's body is violated by multiple knife thrusts that allude to the action of a rape.<br />Speaking of that infamous shower scene, the relatively short sequence took nearly 7 days to film and required over 70 camera setups and 90 editing cuts. Since red appears nearly black when filmed in black-and-white, copious amounts of chocolate syrup was effectively substituted for blood.  The sound FX for the stabs involved the shoving of a knife into a ripe melon, a technique that went on to become the standard for future slasher flicks.  And layered on top of it all was Bernard Herrmann's shrieking violin-heavy musical score.  The final result is extremely effective, and few cinematic sequences before or since can dole out the visceral wallop that this scene delivers.<br />As with many of Hitchcock's films, PSYCHO was groundbreaking cinema.  When that knife pierced that shower curtain and continued right on through to lovely Marion, horror was yanked from the realm of supernatural fantasy and firmly grounded in real-world possibility.  The monster was now the human mind.  Friendly, good-looking young men like Norman Bates could have nasty skeletons bursting forth from their psychological closets, and no longer was it a guarantee that the protagonist would survive all the way to the closing credits.<br />The Collector's Edition DVD from Universal studios is a digital treasure trove.  The transfer of the film itself, though offered in non-anamorphic letterbox widescreen, is clean and crisp, with pristine continuous-tone grays and dark, rich blacks.  Included in the delightful supplements is a 94-minute making-of documentary, the original 6-minute theatrical trailer in which Hitchcock himself takes viewers on a tour of the Bates Motel,newsreel footage, and much more.  This disc belongs in the collection of any horror fan or film aficionado., newsreel footage, and much more.  This disc belongs in the collection of any horror fan or film aficionado.
B000002H33|5.0|This is, without question, the greatest album ever written in the history of music.  It cannot be argued.  There is nothing that even comes close.  It's too bad Metallica sold out and ruined their legacy, b/c one time, they were the greatest band in the world.  This album will attest to that.  All of you little girls from this sad generation of &quot;pc&quot; weaklings should go out and buy this.  Might make a man out of you.
B000002H72|5.0|Wow.  I started off with Surfer Rosa, but the day I bought Doolittle, my life changed forever, and I became a diehard Pixies fan, as did everybody in my family.  Now I've passed this round my friends a bit, and each and every one of them have all ended up loving it to bits, and quite rightly.  Because this album is purely superb.  <br />Debaser - a brilliant opener.  Amazingly catchy, everyone will be singing 'un chien andalusia' in seconds! 9.5/10<BR>Tame - not as brilliant as its predecessor, but still pretty damn good! 9/10<BR>Wave Of Mutilation - One of my favourites on the album.  A fantastic song 10/10<BR>I Bleed - Lovely harmonies, an all-round great choon.  10/10<BR>Here Comes Your Man - The song that got me into the Pixies, and I still love it today.  10/10<BR>Dead - Slightly weaker than those surrounding it, but all the same, it's good! 8/10<BR>Monkey Gone To Heaven - Superb.  Just superb.  What a masterpiece of a song. 10/10<BR>Mr. Grieves - A weird song, unusually catchy.  8.5/10<br />Crackity Jones - A partyish song, I wanna jump about when I hear this! 9.5/10<BR>La La Love You - A really pretty song. I like this song more and more as I hear it. 10/10<BR>No. 13 Baby - A really cool song, but not one of the strongest on the album.  8.5/10<BR>There Goes My Gun - I really really like this one, one of my favourites on the album.  10/10<BR>Hey - A really really pretty song.  9.8/10<BR>Silver - Probably the weakest song on the album.  7/10<BR>Gouge Away - My utter favourite.  A fantastic song.  20/10<br />So please, I really urge you to buy it.  It's not just an album, its an investment and an explanation of self-discovery.
B00003CXE7|3.0|Gladiator was the first in a series of recent successful Russell Crowe movies, and I think he started on not so bad a foot.  The plot is centered on a general (Russell Crowe) who is loved by all, until the emperor's crazed son gets wind that Crowe is supposed to takeover instead of himself.  As all jealous based plots go, Crowe is sent away and stripped of his old life.  This is much like Dante in Monte Cristo, except for the fact that Crowe becomes a gladiator instead and has to find himself and \\"old Rome\\" through the games instead of a prison cell.  It is an okay movie overall, but really the only things that made this movie interesting to me were the gladiatorial games themselves.  I feel that the dialogue and basic plot overall is lacking, but I understand that the basic plot highlights the action, and therefore not meant to stand up to much criticism in the first place.  Historically it is off too, but not everyone cares about that kind of thing these days, but if you do be warned.  I would say this movie is worth a rental, and maybe on a personal level you will find it more exciting than me, but I would not just go off and buy it.
B000002IMG|5.0|I can not believe the 1 star review of the album!!  This album is amazing for many reasons.  Skolnicks guitar leads never fail to set a great tempo, impress with their techicality and provide great melodic support.  The album is chock full of CLASSIC thrash riffs and choruses, which are done magnificently by Chuck Billy who is a great example of a simple, but passionate metal singer who gets the job done amazingly well.  Some really standout riffs are the main and chorus riffs to Trial by Fire , Disciples of the Watch, Into the Pit's chorus and the Preacher's chorus is done with headbanging heavienss of the highest order (Yes, that means a lot of CRUNCH).  And, like the greats Megadeth, Testament doesn't waste time like Metallica likes to do in their 8 minute songs on MOP (and, ahem,btw, Testament sound nothing like Metallica, NOTHING) they use their time wisely and ALL the riffs link together perfectly, the bridge riffs are always quality and it should be very obvious that Testament are metal masters.  Bad musicians?  They linked melody and heaviness right together, without separating them like Metallica LOVED to do, and the result was perfect.  And, they did have a really beautiful instrumental called 'Musical Death' dedicated to a friend and whoever that friend was should die a happy man.  Beautiful spanish guitar, coupled with a solo by Peterson which proves that he, too, has a knack for beautiful melodic solos, and a nice touch of heaviness in the end to drift back into the melancholy acoustic again.  Not memorable?  I don't know right now, A Day of Reckoning is stuck in MY head, so imo they're very memorable songs.  The only things that let this album down just a bit is simplistic drumming and a flat production in certain areas.  However, i dont really give a f*ck this is a masterpiece of metal.  Get it and hold a piece of thrash history from the greats.
B000006TRV|1.0|I remember this was the cool album that all the stoners and high school kids listened to and analyzed to death way back when. I will always think of Pink Floyd as one of THE most over-rated rock groups of the 70s. Some of the songs on The Wall were just okay, but really, the whole thing is one drawn-out tedious experience for insecure high schoolers to cling to as the &quot;greatest rock album ever&quot;. Give me a friggin break! Eventually, you graduate from high school and grow up and move on to better things, including better music.  People who still praise The Wall album as the best thing in the world are just stuck in the past. I can't think of any group more depressing, overblown, overhyped, slow and boring as Pink Floyd. 90% of their material will either put you to sleep or just depress you or put you in a bad mood. Dark Side Of The Moon is another over-rated, over-hyped project that was a 70s staple on classic rock radio. This is one group i would be happy if i never heard one song from ever again. Pink Floyd is a group you need to be stoned to listen to anyway, and i can think of 500 other cds i'd rather hear stoned than anything by Pink Floyd. I'm glad to hear that they were on a recent university list of the most over-rated and over-hyped rock groups ever. I totally agree 100%.
B0000TLA9G|5.0|Guns and Roses what can you say. the album is exelent. with a mixture of soft rock and hard combined,, definaltey worth the money!!
B00008CLOA|1.0|I know i'm gonna be lynched for this review by all the Pink Floyd junkies, but i have the right to my opinion. I was forced to listen to this album growing up in my teens. Being the youngest in  my family, my brothers all listened to this album. I find this album to be incredibly depressing, as well as 95% of all Pink Floyd's music. And no, i'm not some guy who hates rock music. I like Led Zepplin and CCR and even Deep Purple and many other classic 70s bands.  There has just always been somthing horribly sad and depressing about Pink Floyd's music. And The Wall is just another overhyped project that everyone was exposed to ad nauseum. I remember The Wall being a two album set, and only side four was worth listening to.  Now that it's on cd, it would be only the second half of the second cd worth listening to. I think the people that worship Dark Side Of The Moon, and The Wall are just stuck in a time warp and never got past it.  I will admit that much of what passes for music on the charts today is pure crap, and Pink Floyd is in no way crappy music from  yesterday, buti think it's time to retire those two albums to a museum. Both are horrible reminders of really depressing music that should just stay in the past and kept there. And i wish they'd stop with the whole Wizard Of Oz thing with cueing up Dark Side Of THe Moon with the movie. Talk about ruining a classic movie! What's next? Cueing up a Led Zepplin album with a Walt Disney movie? If i ever hear Dark Side Of The Moon or The Wall again in my life it will be one more time too many.
B0000DBJDM|1.0|Ok, I am biased but since this is a DVD of an audio artist shouldn't the sound be REMASTERED and in 5.1 at the very least?? Yes, I will take what I can get but I, or some of my audio engineering friends would have done this FREE of charge just to get better audio on this thing. I've waited so long for this. Why do they release DVDs like this? Please REMASTER to 5.1 or BETTER and RE-RELEASE! Thanks!
B00006JJ1O|5.0|If you do't know the word &quot;DOTACAN&quot; , ask your Japanese friend nearby,and he'll show you the mening of it all.In Japan,these girls are disliked by many Japanese pop fans.Because they suddenly canceled the gigs in Japan.Many fans in Japan get pissed off against these girls and got furious about these girls' action and attitude.<br />In a way ,these girls are fu***kin b***tches,but the arrangement set by TREVOR HORN is superb and ambient enough to allure many fans in the world.All in all,these girls are only a ONE HIT WONDER,I suppose!!!
B00005JKG9|4.0|Six desperate men, one week to keep their jobs by closing more leads for Premier Properties. The new and lucrative Glengarry leads are only available to closers. But all six guys need their jobs. So who robbed the Glengarry leads?<br />That's the plot. Those that think it sounds dissapointing haven't seen the film yet, and those that think it sounds intruiging don't know how right they are! This is a great film; It has to be - it is from David Mamet's pullitzer prize winning play. <br />Basically the film takes place over a two day period - the office is robbed halfway through and all we, the viewers, know is that there were several guys who would have done it. But who? While the film was a play first, there are a whole lot of monologues and dialogues and that is how the action takes place. And you've not lived untill you've seen dialogue between Jack Lemmon and Al Pacino!<br />The only warning I can give is that those who don't like David Mamet (and it seems you either love him or hate him) will not like this film, though it is more accessible, say, then Oleanna. Those who get bored watching plays because of all talk and no 'real' action probably won't like this film either. <br />Those who remain intrigued by how 6 characters in a film can create so much tension, drama, and fulness, get this film. You will not regret it one bit.
B0000AQS0F|4.0|I won't repeat what's been amply stated here - a great series abruptly and stupidly cancelled, etc.  But with Whedon developing a motion picture version I expect the series to be resumed if the movie is even moderately successful.  I hasten to emphasize that this is my pie-in-the-sky expectation, not some fact-based insider buzz.  I could just as easily be spectacularly wrong - I am, however, both an optimist and a firm believer that genuine quality sells.<P>There is a wealth of positive elements in this series, most notably the dual slam-dunks of excellent casting and writing of the all-important Captain character, and a refreshing if perhaps unintentional libertarian-oriented root premise. <P>Nathan Fillion is a virtual unknown - at least to me - and that's generally a plus in casting.  He plays Reynolds with an abrasive authority reminiscent of Ford's Solo, and the character is written with a subtle but refreshingly uncompromising finality.  <P>Jeff Shannon's assertion in the lead editorial that Firefly's characters have an &quot;amoral&quot; agenda is off-base - a reflection of the notion that commerce per se is amoral, that trade is but a crude, pragmatic matter separate from higher ideals (the false mind-body dichotomy in philosophy.)  One of Firefly's strengths is its linkage of trade and property to survival, therefore to rights (a reflection of an often-evaded truth in real life,) and its clever inversion of ethics vs &quot;law&quot;.  <BR>The principle characters fought on the losing side of a prior war of &quot;Independents&quot; against the victorious &quot;Alliance,&quot; the latter a vaguely sketched statist/collectivist regime of an unjust, bureaucratic and oppressive nature.  Given the fact that the regime in charge is ethically bankrupt, the practice of trade in defiance of the Alliance (rhyme, sorry,) which is therefore de jure smuggling, becomes ethical action.  The further ethical questions within that political context remain the inescapable responsibility of the individual players - which questions, as well as the inversion of law and ethics, offer a multitude of intriguing plot scenarios.<P>I haven't yet gotten to the episodes dealing with the sinister Blue Sun corporation and its collusion with the Alliance, but if it comes across as an oblique argument for a separation of economics and state, I'm all for it.<P>The negatives are minor and debatable: <P>- Theme music that's memorable but horribly incongruous.  Whedon was clearly making an overt link between SciFi and the classic Western, but a theme song heavy on twang and fiddle is a bit overboard on the latter. (He should've gone to Ronnie Montrose and asked him to morph one of the spacy tunes off of &quot;Mutatis Mutandis&quot; into a theme song, but that collaboration will have to remain the stuff of fantasy...) <P>- A cargo hold - the backdrop for much of the action - that looks too much like a Los Angeles warehouse and too little like the interior of a spacecraft;<P>- Plot lines that are at times pedestrian and derivative.  This is perhaps an unfair criticism due to the inherent limitations of the series format, but the comparisons to Farscape, Babylon 5, TNG and many other SciFi series are inevitable.  <P>Overall a must-see for any SciFi fanatic, maybe even an instant classic.  I just have a hard time believing that this series will be left as a single season and a single motion picture.  It's far too good for that abbreviated life when far lesser series (the awful &quot;Lexx&quot; springs immediately to mind,) have been allowed to continue in defiance of all logic.
B0001AP12G|1.0|HE SOUNDS LIKE HIS JAW IS STILL WIRED SHUT!<BR>0 STARS!
B00009Z574|3.0|It seems like everyone either hates or loves this CD. I think it showcases some of the tightest playing that Chris and Alan ever did. Truly amazing stuff on \\"Release Release\\" and \\"Slient Wings of Freedom\\". I think \\"Don't Kill the Whale\\" is a great rocking tune, but I think the lyrics are rather preachy and self-serving. \\"Onward\\" is a great song compositionally, but I think the performance was a bit weak. There is some good stuff on here, but the weakest part is Rick Wakeman. For such a talent, I would say he ruined much of what could be great tunes. The diversity of keyboard sounds and interplay that was the trademark of \\"Close to the Edge\\" and \\"Going for the One\\" are completly gone here. He uses the same thin, whining, screaching organ/synthesizer sounds throughout the album. Too bad because there is some very nice stuff. It's worth the purchase to hear Alan and Chris (...)on \\"Release Release\\".
6305291446|5.0|I have this movie and I watch ir sometimes when I go to bed and everytime I never get tired of it.What a Halloween sequel, Jamie Lee Curtis saved this movie, I mean if this movie didnt have Jamie Lee Curtis the movie was probably not gonna has good has it is, I mean it could of been good like the other sequels but jamie lee curtis tops it.
B00006EXL5|5.0|Amazing.  A buddy of mine suggested &quot;Honey, this mirror isn't big enough for the both of us&quot; and from then on I was hooked.  I can't explain how much emotion leaks out of this cd, it really is a hidden jem.  I think some of the things that make My Chemical Romance stick out are the vocals, (which come off as both desperate and irresitably catchy) and their insane guitar riffs and drums.  <br />Best Songs would be: Honey..., Vampires Will Never Hurt You...and my personal favourite, &quot;Demolition Lovers&quot;.  It starts off really slow and builds to a fast paced thing of beauty.  This guy's voice is like nothing you've ever heard.  You'll want to explode and like break stuff.  It's awesome.
0743201140|1.0|I purchased a new copy of this publication from a major book retail outlet.   After reading the first few chapters to understand the thesis, I followed the instructions to log on and take the assessment evaluation.   The website would not let me log on, indicating that someone else had utilized the code that was provided with the publication.    So a word of caution, Don't buy used if you think that you may want to utilize the book.  Don't buy from a book store because someone else may have already accessed the code. The Gallup Organization will no return emails or phone calls.  JUST DON'T BUY IT.  It is not worth the hassle or expense.
B00005JMCN|2.0|I'll break it down for ya.  The first hour of this movie is disjointed, tedious, and dull.  The second half is basically a tired &quot;underdog wins against all odds&quot; type of story.  You've seen this same scenario in dozens of other superior films.  Except here, it's sappy, predictable and maudlin.<br />I'm not horsing around when I suggest skipping it.
0446530573|5.0|I love this book! I'm an Italian who couldn't cook until I bought this cookbook. The recipes are easy to follow and the outcomes are delicious. It's got everything from Sunday Gravy to (my favorite)Cannolli's! Love it! Love it! I hope they come out with another one!
B00009Z576|4.0|Pop this CD in, hold on to something grounded, and get ready to be blown away ...for the first 50 minutes. The remastering is impressive. Rhino's &quot;Drama&quot; finally adds the balls &amp; punch that this album always deserved.  Unfortunately, the bonus tracks add a punch to the balls. Ow.<br />With 10 extra tracks, how could they go wrong? Here's how: the bonus tracks (excluding fluff single edits, demos and incomplete instrumentals) are yanked from an entirely different session that featured Anderson/Wakeman and was colored by Queen's producer. It's an unsettling mix of prog, pop and disco all mushed into one amorphous blob, and we see exactly why the definitive Yes lineup needed to take a break post-Tormato.  As curios, these tracks may interest and amuse the Yes enthusiasts.  But I'm afraid they throw a damper on the 6-song powerhouse masterpiece known as &quot;Drama&quot;.  From the opening grind of &quot;Machine Messiah&quot; to its manic swansong &quot;Tempus Fugit&quot;, this album is like an unstoppable freight train that barrels across an unreal landscape.&quot;Drama&quot; itself is unlike any other Yes album; the closest thing would come 16 years later when that rhythmic vitality and indefatigable power would resurface with &quot;Mind Drive&quot; (Keys to Ascension 2).<br />When Tempus Fugit (song #6) ends with its magnificently catastrophic crescendo resolving into the syncopated harmonies fading out on &quot;Yes, yes, yes...&quot; I just want to die in my own broth.  That's how affecting it is. But hark! Rhino doesn't let it end there.  Enter 30 minutes of blah.  In this case, LESS WOULD HAVE BEEN MORE.  But Jeffrey W. Richman said it much more concisely than I did...
0385335482|5.0|This book reminded me of my college days.  Very funny, well written and a fast read! Truly enjoyed and passing it along to all my shopping buddies!
B00005QGAV|5.0|Dangerous was released in November of 1991. Along with the controversial &quot;Black Or White&quot; video and the single of the same name, it was, predictably, number one, selling 350,000 in its first week. These numbers would be miniscule today for a superstar like Michael Jackson was back then. In the end, this album went 7x Platinum, on sales of 5,790,000 copies. This being said, let's get to the music.<br />This is easily Michael's best work yet. People hype up Thriller, which wasn't bad, but it was NO Dangerous! Dangerous is his best music for a few reasons:<BR>1) The beats and rhythms are top notch<BR>2) The songs require more thought and aren't the cliched &quot;i need you girl&quot; music.<BR>3) It's danceable<BR>Unfortunately, the public didn't see this, and Dangerous has sold 22.1% of Thriller's sales. I hate to be technical, but it's a sad fact when 77.9% of his fans can't see his best music ever.<BR>This album should have sold 100,000,000 it's first WEEK, and 1,000,000,000 overall worldwide. It's THAT good, at least in my opinion. It certainly makes my top 5. <br />Notable Songs: Jam, In The Closet, Remember The Time, Black Or White, Will You Be There.<BR>Will You Be There, is, I think, his best song ever. I'd get the CD on the force of that track alone. But they're all good.
B00006AW2J|5.0|Though I view the earlier albums Between the Buttons and Aftermath as massive achievements, the real golden era of Stones recording started with Beggars banquet, a landmark achievement of the finest bluesy, country-stained angular rock. People will often relate it to the next Stones album, Let It Bleed, which of course included some material recorded in the Beggars sessions in 1968. They'll say how brutally slick Let It Bleed is, and I see that current Top 100 Rock Album lists tend to place Bleed as the second-best placed Stones album (after Exile of course) and often Beggars drops down to third, fourth or fifth. However, I put Beggars on a par with Exile. It is sublime. There are no dud tracks. It was the perfect distillation of what the young Rolling Stones were in their peak, before the extreme decadence of the early 70s set in and was soaked in great records like Sticky, Exile and Goat's Head. It has the smell of the country dirt plus the oil of the city train to it. At turns, violent and visceral, then reflective and humourous. Beggars has a crispness to it and it shines - witness the outro to Street Fighting Man, it is transcendental in its soaring beauty, crystalised by Brian Jones' sitar. In fact much is made of the fact that Jones was too out of it to contribute much to this album, and it's true that this is a Keith tour de force on guitar and songwriting, but it has to be said Brian's ethereal touch leaves an indelible print on some of the album's most poignant parts, like the slide on No Expectations or the (flute/recorder?) ghostly outro on Jigsaw Puzzle. And the rest of the Stones are in top form on this album, especially Mick with his lyrics and Nicky Hopkins piano provides genius touch, while Jimmy Miller's production debut is simply brilliant, he was their saviour in a sense, helping them attain their true sound.<BR>Furthermore, the songwriting on Beggars is peerless, even in terms of the Stones own canon. Sympathy for the Devil, Salt of the Earth, Stray Cat Blues, and the three titles aforementioned in this review are top-notch cerebral rock songs. The other songs compliment them nicely and the ten tracks stand together as one of the very grandest statements rock has ever heard.
B0001GOH6Q|5.0|A must see film! Big fish will make you laugh and cry at the same time. It discusses the importance of love, family, friends and life in general. This is story between a father and a son and their relationship through time. A love story that is unforgetable!Through Ewan's journy through life, he encounters so many obstacles and experiences. Although some of his stories may be a little over the top, it leaves you thinking \\"why not?\\" Life is all a perspective. Its they way you live it that counts. The actors are amazing and naturally, Ewan McGregor is fanominal.For all ages and genders, this movie will touch you in some way. Its exaggerated story put life in a perspective that is indescribable. This movie is very different from your everyday movies. This fantasy-like movie will leave you with a smile and warm fuzzy feeling all over.
B000002HIK|5.0|This album does not seem to draw from the musical 'fads' or movements of the day (like drill'n'bass or spinach-tune), but is just a distilled potion of Richard's musical sense.<br />Plenty of contrasts in frequency and hardness, a general lucidity of tone and timbre, and an obvious talent for balance and proportion are the hallmarks of this album.<br />Highly recommended.
B00005JKLZ|4.0|This has to be one of the best looking movies that I have seen in a long time.  The effects where they show the passage of time are amazing.  It is very impressive seeing the progression of greenery and ice and the evolution of the world.<br />Aside from the great effects, the movie is actually pretty good to watch.  It has some interesting things to say about the importance of being individual and of not following the crowd.  There is a minor plot point involving the moon that shows the dangers of relying too much on technology.<br />The cast is pretty good.  Guy Pearce is good as the Time Traveller and Orlando Jones does a surprisingly good job as a holographic libriarian.  His perfomance has nuances that I didn't know he had in him.<br />Aside from some minor plot points and the fact that it does not pay very much reverence to the original (what is an Englishman doing in New York?) the Time Machine is a very decent movie.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I found that Wicked was delightful in many areas.  You can take this play to many levels.  For those looking for the symbolism of acceptance and understanding of others, learning to love and appreciate people for who they are rather than what they are.  These characters found ways to find within themselves the courage to walk their own path while understanding and loving those close to them who were not neccessarily walking their same path.  The true friendship and love that binds Glinda and Elphaba together also allows each of them to  ultimately walk their own path. The Musical and Vocal talent of this show is outstanding !  It is simply Wonderful and should not be missed!
B000002HMH|4.0|This album is an excellent one with excellent songs. The reason why I say Metallica is going back is because if you listen to the sound of Black Sabbath or Led Zeppelin, you can make a comparition between the sounds of Zeppelin or Sabbath to Load. The only way it may sound &quot;bad&quot; is because Metallica has a heavier sound then the two other bands. Just think, Tony Iommi's guitar playing was heavier then the rest of the bands of playing, so thats what gave Sabbath their heavy sound. Then comes the music style of Led Zeppelin, they have some soft, easy listening songs, to rock &amp; roll, same thing with Load. Think of Zeppelin playing songs like &quot;Until it Sleeps&quot; or &quot;2x4&quot; or &quot;Poor Twisted Me&quot; Like I said before, Metallica has a heavier sound than Zeppelin or Sabbath, so give this album another chance and then see what I mean.
B000005ZGZ|4.0|Of course, several bands would make their careers on this type of record. Fugazi seems to be losing some steam, which is normal for a band with a long career. It's not that they're going through the motions, it's just that it's that hard to keep a real edge after 10 years.
B000060K4O|5.0|20 years after Ghostbusters original release, symmetrical book-stacking and the stay-puft marshmallow man are still fabulous comedy chaos.   Dan Akroyd, Harold Ramis and Bill Murray head off the Ghostbusters cast as paranormal scientist's on their own for the first time who decide to do what other than go into business catching and imprisoning ghosts.  (Credit for screenwriting goes to Akroyd and Ramis.)  Joined by Sigourney Weaver, the would be girl friend of the uncouth Dr. Venkman (Murray) who, incidentally, becomes possessed by a demigod, and Rick Moranis, this all-star cast provides classic one liners that are still hilarious after two decades.  <br />Not only downright funny, this movie was credited with Academy Award nominations for Best Song and Best Visual Effects, and it still gives a great show.  This is a comedy classic that will always remind us who we're going to call.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Awesome!  It really plays like a live-action anime.  The first chapter seems a little stilted, but as the movie progresses, it really opens up.  In a very wierd, and somewhat disturbing way, it's a barrel of laughs.  The Monty Python-esque blood is a nice touch, too.<br />Tarentino does not disappoint with Kill Bill Vol. 1.  I can't wait for the second one!
B000002L75|5.0|As a huge Depeche Mode fan, I don't think the band has ever wronged.  However, their mainstream influence really starts here.  And there is good reason for this-mainly, the fact that there is not a bad song in sight.  While A Broken Frame and Construction Time Again have amazing songs, they don't quite pull together an album.  Here, we have a full album with great songs.  Not my favorite album, but one that always ends up finding itself in my CD player.  Perfect balance of everything that is good about synth: danceable tracks mixed with soulful balads.  Highly recommended.
0385510438|3.0|There's little left of small-town life and constructive local newspapers in most of America now.  Clearly, John Grisham regrets that and writes nostalgically about Clanton, Mississippi, as seen through the eyes of its one outsider, Willie Traynor, the new owner of the local newspaper.  He even makes the drunks charming while smoothing out much of the pain of racism, segregation, the Vietnam War and economic woes.  Mr. Grisham is so rosy that he sees the glass as overfilled with goodness.  His narrator even visits every local church to report on their services.<br />So if you like books that portray startling action, baffling mysteries or heart-pounding suspense, this is not the book you are looking for.<br />While the jacket copy and advertising for the book focus on the trial of obviously guilty Danny Padgitt who raped and murdered a woman while her young children watched, that's just one story among many in the book.  The novel builds around a series of short stories about the microcosm of Clanton as it reflected the pressures in the rest of the world.  The main focus of the story development is around the growing friendship between young Willie Traynor and Ms. Callie Ruffin, a black mother who has raised an astonishing set of children (all but one of whom have Ph.D.'s).  Ms. Ruffin is affected by the murder, having been selected as the last juror for that case.<br />Although the principles that Mr. Grisham supports are ones that I agree with, his book is so prettied up and simplified that I found much of what he wrote about to be unappealing.  There's an Aesop's Fables aspect to the story that makes it feel like it's aimed at children rather than adults.  Human errors happen, but they are the exception to the reality.  Corruption occurs . . . but it doesn't seem to harm anyone very much.  Hatred exists . . . but the harm is mostly in creating homesickness.<br />Inevitably, anyone who writes about small town Mississippi will be compared to William Faulkner.  To compare this book to Mr. Faulkner's work would demean Mr. Faulkner.  Stick to the original!To compare this book to Mr. Faulkner's work would demean Mr. Faulkner.  Stick to the original!
B00005JMEW|5.0|Beatrix Kiddo! Yep, what a name. You can see this two times in the film if you pause it and zoom in during the airport sequences when Uma is handed her passport. I thought it might have been an alias name, but if you watch the mouths of Vivica and Lucy Liu you can see them mouthing Beatrix (during the beep). Just thought some fans might want to know.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Ok, this is NOT a film that I'm supposed to like. My boyfriend continously chides me for only like little, character-driven indie flicks that make you \\"think\\" (case in point, my new favorite film, hands down, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind). This is definitely not a film that you have to think, riddled with excessive violence, and a story filled with unanswered questions, and let me tell you, I absolutely LOVED this film.<br />It's pure, pure, pure Tarantino at his finest.<br />Kill Bill Vol. 1 is, as Quentin himself states, is a pure revenge flick. The (...)Uma Thurman plays \\"the Bride\\", whose wedding day is the scene of a horrible massacre, in which she somehow survives. Coming out of a coma after four years, she seeks revenge on the squad of hit-divas and it's lead man, Bill.  So, for two glorious hours, we are treated to violent scene after violent scene of gore, dismemberments, beheadings, and outright murder. And you know what, I loved every second of it. Why?<br />First, I know this word is bantered around all the time, but truly, Tarantino IS a film making genius. His vision, his filmmaking style permeates Kill Bill Vol. 1, This is a sleek, beautiful film. Even the fighting scenes are so incredibly choreographed that I thought I was watching a well-rehearsed dance number in a musical; well, a dance number with lots of blood. LOTS. But dear Quentin has his finger on every part of this film, and it's a cinematic piece of art.<br />Secondly, the performances of the actors carry this film, particularly Uma and the sultry Lucy Liu. Uma has never looked better as a bride with a mission that never lapses into outright anger. She is controlled, and in control. It's so refreshing to see a lead female character take control of a situation, rather than relying on a male lead to save her. Uma don't need anyone! And Lucy is a phenom as head of the Toyko crime syndicate. She is both feminine and brutal, absolutely marvelous in her role. My only complaint was Quentin's brief use of the stunning Vivica A. Fox, as the first female assassin \\"the Bride\\" confronts. She just isn't in this movie much, and I wanted to see more.<br />Reading some of the reviews and articles about Kill Bill, Taratino planned this movie as a salute to Japanese martial arts movies of the 1970s, spaghetti westerns, and other forms of \\"grind\\" cinema. Not well versed in those styles didn't hamper one bit my enjoyment of the film. It works on all levels.<br />So instead of cringing, I loved Kill Bill Vol. 1. Just don't tell my boyfriend that I'll probably be in line for Kill Bill Vol. 2. I have to see what happens next. And while I'm at it, I think Tarantino's other brilliant work, \\"Pulp Fiction\\", deserves another look-see.n's brief use of the stunning Vivica A. Fox, as the first female assassin \\"the Bride\\" confronts. She just isn't in this movie much, and I wanted to see more.<br />Reading some of the reviews and articles about Kill Bill, Taratino planned this movie as a salute to Japanese martial arts movies of the 1970s, spaghetti westerns, and other forms of \\"grind\\" cinema. Not well versed in those styles didn't hamper one bit my enjoyment of the film. It works on all levels.<br />So instead of cringing, I loved Kill Bill Vol. 1. Just don't tell my boyfriend that I'll probably be in line for Kill Bill Vol. 2. I have to see what happens next. And while I'm at it, I think Tarantino's other brilliant work, \\"Pulp Fiction\\", deserves another look-see.
B0001BKAEY|3.0|(WARNING THIS GIVES AWAY THE ENDING!) I already said it. Revolutions was an ending to a trilagy, but not a very good one.  Now I'm sorry if this offends you die-hard fans, but I think this should be said.  Now I'm sure it couldn't have happened any other way, but geeze did Neo and Trinity have to die?<BR>I am a die hard fan of 'happily ever after' and this left me baffeled at the ending.  Now great the war with the Matrix is over and the rest of them can be happy and everything. Why not let those who made it all happen live too?  If you want a satasfying ending that results in the main charasters not being dead look elsewhere if you don't mind it....well enjoy
0679777547|4.0|I read this book many years after seeing the movie &quot;The 9th Gate&quot; several times. I had always been intrigued by the movie and finally managed to read the book. It should be noted that the movie didn't follow the book all that closely. The Club Dumas is much more intriguing and complex. If you liked the movie, you must absolutely read the book, as the characters are much more interesting. Perez-Reverte's writing style is astoundingly refreshing. As an avid reader of both fiction and non-fiction, I have to admit that I have not encountered such a rich writing style before. Reverte's attention to detail is stunning and astonishing without being dull. It hearkens back to the old 'dark detective' style of writing while remaining invigorating throughout. I am now hooked and will begin reading some of Reverte's other works.
B00006CXSS|5.0|With all of the rave reviews, why should I write another?  Many of the reviewers seem to get caught up in the emotions stirred by this production.  I wanted to comment less emotionally.  First of all, the mini-series is excellent on a technical level.  Writing, directing,editing, acting, special effects and production values are all top flight---as good as it gets today.  This series is cinematically a first-rate job in every way.  <br />The story itself tells us about an elite group of citizen soldiers, and does not portray war in unrealistically positive terms---certainly many fine older productions seem to glamorize war.  On the other hand, it does not try to shock you into numbness regarding the horrors of war---this seems to be the trend in some newer films.  Besides, no film can begin to convey the true horror of warfare.  Instead, Band of Brothers puts the idealism in the right place---on the men who did their duty for their countrymen.  It also conveys a sense of grief for those whom we lost.  <br />I think the series works so well because of the context that is established at the beginning of each episode.  Namely, the true men of Easy Company are briefly interviewed in a way that provides a perspective for that episode.  I think the series is so psychologically powerful because of the careful crafting of these real-life paratroopers into the introduction for each episode.  Band of Brothers makes you realize that the characters you are seeing live and die on the screen represent real human beings, some of whom are still living, and many who died in defense of the world's freedom.  <br />Quite possibly the best cinematic portrayal of Americans in World War II up to this point.  I found myself watching the discs one after the other.
0140182829|4.0|I had to read this book in college for a German literature course - which doesn't make much sense since it was originally writen in French and takes place in France. But hey, one character does briefly go to Germany during the course of the story so maybe that was the justification.  Anyway, I have always remembered the book as being fantastic and one of the most emotionally powerful things I had ever read. So much so, that a water stained, yellowed papaerpack copy had come with me over 25 years and 10+ moves to three continents.  So finally last week, I made the time to read it again both to try to remember the specifics of what was so good and also so I could share it with my teenage daughter. Imagine my surprise to find it somewhat simplistic both in storyline and wtiting. The passion of the characters that caused them to make bad decisions in their lives must have seemed heroic to me as a 20 year old but sure seem transparently stupid to me now.  The general theme that you lose what ever you most passionately desire if you actually acheive it, does not really resonate with me now. Sometimes I find it to be true; other times not and in any case most older people don't desire things with the passion of the young.  Anyway, interesting book. Differet from most other things you might read. Worth the time; especially if you are 20 years old.
B000005Z0E|3.0|I would like to start by saying that I'm one of the realest 2pac followers in this planet. He's my favorite rapper along with Daz, Krayzie Bone, TQ, Kurupt, Too Short and all those G-funk dudes. I wanna be totally honest. This got to be the weakest `Pac album there is alongside \\"R U Still Down\\" (excluding \\"Lost Tapes\\", which is an unofficial album). There is maybe only one standout track on this album, and that is \\"Brenda's Got A Baby\\". All other songs range between downright horrible to pretty decent. This got to be one of the weakest debut album by a rapper alongside 50's \\"Get Rich or Die Trying\\" (if you can call 50 a \\"rapper\\"). Other rappers dropped bombs on they debut albums. Nasty Nas dropped a nuclear bomb in \\"Illmatic\\", which many people hailed as the best album ever; Biggie put the East Coast on top with \\"Ready to Die\\"; Big L had a debut gem in \\"Lifestylez....\\"; Dr. Dre puts the G-funk sound on the map for good alongside Snoop's \\"Doggystyle\\", Warren G's \\"Regulate\\", Nate's \\"G-Funk Classics Vol. 1 & 2\\". Wu Tang Clan dropped an atomic bomb with their classic debut album \\"36 Chambers\\"; DMX had a pretty good debut with \\"It's Dark....\\"; Big Pun became the first Latino rapper to go platinum with his classic debut \\"Capital Punishment\\"; while Gay-Z had a pretty respectable debut with \\"Reasonable Doubt\\" (although I don't like Gay-Z, I would be a hypocrite if I say that this album isn't good, it's pretty decent\\". But the good thing about 2Pac is that he gets better and better in his next albums. After this somewhat disappointing debut album (which was heavily criticized by then Vice President Dan Quayle saying Pac's music \\"had no place in our society\\"), he released the critically acclaimed \\"Strictly 4 My NiGG*Z\\" - which eventually reached platinum. Next he teamed up with his homies and released the classic \\"Thug Life Vol. 1\\" - which had a very disappointing sales (only Gold) because Interscope cut songs they thought were too gangsta. Before `Pac was incarcerated, he recorded my all-time favorite \\"Me Against The World\\" (I like this a little better than All Eyez). As `Pac was serving prison, this album dropped in the streetz and easily rise up to number 1 on the Billboard Charts. 2Pac was the first artist to have a number 1 selling album while in prison. After getting bailed out of hell, Tupac signed with Deathrow and released the first double album in history, \\"All Eyez on Me\\". This album easily reached quintuple platinum (5x platinum) in just 2 months. Many hailed that album as `Pac's best and the best album ever, but I would honestly say that \\"Me Against the World\\" is quite better. Two months after 2Pac's untimely death, Deathrow released another bomb in \\"Makaveli: 7 Day Theory\\". That album was sick as hell. You see, 2Pac is getting better and better each album. While 2pac gets better and better, other rappers who dropped bombs in they debut albums started to deteriorate and could not duplicate they classic debut albums. Nasty Nas seems to be lost for a while. After dropping a nuke bomb in his debut, Nasty Nas only dropped firecrackers in his next three albums (\\"It Was Written\\", which is just decent; \\"I Am\\", again below average; \\"Nastradamus\\", which is downright terrible). Fortunately for Nas, he got back in track and released pretty good albums lately (\\"Stillmatic\\", \\"Lost Tapes\\", \\"God's Son\\"). The same can be said of Snoop Dogg (Snoop turned pop, collaborating with hip-poppers like Ludacris, Chingy, 50 Cent, Gay-Z - WE WANT THE OLD SNOOP BACK), Wu Tang, Gay-Z, DMX, Warren G who never reached the same level they have when they dropped they debuts. If 2Pac is getting better and better as he gets older, can you just imagine the sh*t 2Pac would be dropping if he is still alive today? If 2Pac made around 300 songs in a very short time, can you just imagine how many songs had he done if not for his untimely death? If `Pac was still alive today, he would be kicking fake rappers like 50, Ja, Gay-Z, Chingy, Luda etc. in they ass. <BR>[!] PEACE [!]
B00008MNYS|5.0|I truly loved this album.  The songs were truthful and heartfelt incised with witty humour.
0060005424|5.0|\\"Lirael\\" is the sequel to Garth Nix's best selling book \\"Sabriel\\", and the second of his \\"Old Kingdom\\" trilogy. Set fourteen years after the events of \\"Sabriel\\", this book surrounds the actions of two main characters. Prince Sameth is the capable, but rather unexperienced son of Touchstone and Sabriel, overshadowed by his elder sister and disheartened by the fact that he is the next Abhorsen - the necromancer chosen to put to rest undead legions with the help of seven magical bells. Lirael is an orphan of the Clayr: clairvoyant allies of the Royal Family who live in a vast glacial community. Unlike all of her brethern, Lirael does not possess the Sight, and so spends her days as librarian, sometimes going for months on end without speaking to another human being.<br />But of course, fate has other ideas for these two - evil is once more abroad in the Old Kingdom. A terrible necromancer named Hedge is causing trouble in the West, beginning the first steps of a plan that threatens both the Clayr and the Royal Family - not to mention the Old Kingdom and Ancelstierre, the non-magical country across the Wall. When Lirael unleashes and brings to life a mysterious magical dog known as the Disreputable Dog, and Sameth runs away from home in order to find his ignorant Ancelstierrean friend Nick who crosses the Wall, the two are thrown into the path of Hedge and so destined to stop his evil. And there is yet more going on, a secret bond between Sameth and Lirael that they are unaware of, but need to discover if they are to understand what is truly expected of them.<br />Once more Garth Nix has written an amazing book: a rich, mysterious fantasy world, an intriguing, twisting plot, strong and realistic characterisation... Nix really is a master at all of these areas. The Old Kingdom has been added upon, especially in regards to the Clayr, who were just distant allies in \\"Sabriel\\". Now we get to see deep inside their home and customs, including the huge library that is surely every book-lovers dream: not just a place of endless levels of manuscripts but even deeper chambers of monsters, magic, artifacts, underground gardens, buriel chambers...I could have wandered in there with Lirael forever.<br />Lirael and Sameth are very different from Sabriel as protagonists: where Sabriel was confident, strong and focused, Sameth and Lirael are more hesitant about their chosen paths. In doing so, Nix has made them more realistic, but readers may miss the Nancy Drew-like qualities of Sabriel that made her such a popular heroine. I must say I had quite a soft spot for Sameth - unfortunatly some readers have dismissed him as a bit of a wimp, but I completely understood his fear over the huge responsibility that was placed over him, and as another reviewer pointed out, he is one of the few fantasy characters that is not just reluctant about his duties, but downright terrified of them! Either way, I found his fear easier to grasp than Lirael's suicidal decision to chuck herself off the Clayr glacier.<br />The Disreputable Dog and Mogget are the highlights of the story: their meeting was exactly what I expected it to be (throw a cat and a dog together in a boat and watch the fireworks!) and provide most of the comic relief in the story, whilst dropping a few clues that there is more to their identity than meets the eye. Mogget (my favourite) is introduced a little later than I would have liked, but is still the bad tempered, superior white cat that we all remember from \\"Sabriel\\".<br />Of course Touchstone and Sabriel aren't forgotten, and I thought it was a nice touch that their eldest daughter Ellimere was named after one of Sabriel's school friends that died at the end of the first book. However, I did catch one continuity error - in \\"Sabriel\\" Mogget called Sabriel's father 'Emeritus', but here he is named as 'Terciel'. Given that \\"Lirael\\" was written six years after \\"Sabriel\\" was published, its hardly surprising that this tiny detail was missed, but still...<br />Basically, \\"Lirael\\" is one of the best, most original fantasy books you can read, certainly up there with the likes of Rowling, Tolkien, Pullman and Lewis in terms of readablity and popularity. Be sure to read \\"Sabriel\\" first, and you'll definitely be reading for its sequel in a hurry.till...<br />Basically, \\"Lirael\\" is one of the best, most original fantasy books you can read, certainly up there with the likes of Rowling, Tolkien, Pullman and Lewis in terms of readablity and popularity. Be sure to read \\"Sabriel\\" first, and you'll definitely be reading for its sequel in a hurry.
B0001FR3IQ|4.0|Some folks are just too serious. This is a great movie from an entertainment standpoint. Sure it's confusing at first...but it's supposed to be. It is supernatural? Is she being set-up? Did she do it? Is she experiencing a schizophrenic episode? It's spooky and makes you jump. If you go to get a drink, you'll put the VCR or DVD on pause...that's the test of an entertaining movie. For some movies, I'll let it play and cut the grass. Just enjoy this thriller.
B0000AM6LY|4.0|Okay, the hits on this one are nice (especially Sunrise), but isn't &quot;Home Loan Blues&quot; the real classic here: deeper soul from a white guy is hard to imagine, a voice without limits!<BR>A nice debate is of course the classic soul version of &quot;Fake&quot; on the album instead of the &quot;modern&quot; single version (on the bonus DVD which is included if you're lucky). I prefer the soul version but some others may be disappointed.<BR>Some mediocre as well as excellent tracks after number 5, overall really enjoyable music with a strong feel to it. Buy!
B000002L68|5.0|Prince had albums before &quot;Purple Rain&quot; like &quot;1999&quot;, &quot;Controversy&quot;, &quot;Prince&quot; and so on. Still, this is the album that really put Prince into superstardom. It has all the ingredients of a classic album. The energetic opener, majestic hit single, the cool sounding tracks sandwiching the hit single, and the powerful closing ballad. This and Prince's vibrant persona and enthusiam made &quot;Purple Rain&quot; wonderful. Lets get down to business: I dont even have to rate how good the songs are because they'll all be 5 out of 5. My personal favorites that really give me the goosebumps are: &quot;Lets Go Crazy&quot;, &quot;When Doves Cry&quot;, &quot;Purple Rain&quot;, &quot;Darling Nikki&quot;, and &quot;Computer Blue (wicked guitar playing in this one)&quot;. Do yourself a huge favor and purchase this. It doesnt matter if you like rock, rap, R&amp;B, or whatever other type of music there is. This album defies pigeonholes and genres and succeeds on all levels. I have nothing more to say.
B00005J6UP|5.0|I love this movie. It is a  child hood favorite of mine. It's the kind of adventure that every kid want's to be doing with their best friends, someday during Summer Vacation.<BR>It's even more fun watching it when your older because you can't help but think ` Sean Astin. Mike, Sean Astin Sam .;'<BR>The movie is so much fun to watch on it's own. But watch it with commentary. When it says ` Commentary with hidden treasures', there not kidding.<BR>Not only do you get to listin about behind the scenes but all ( if not most ) of the actors and actresses can be seen during the commentary.<BR>Even Donner the director is there and it's quiet wonderful and fun to watch. <BR> The Goonies is a good funny family film to watch. The acting is kind of goofy but totally worth watching though.<BR>Seriously though every DVD in the world should be made like this, or something like this.<BR>You get so much entertainment on one DVD. It's totally worth watching and purchasing. You wont regret it at all.
B0000AQS6R|3.0|It's amazing that Chevy Chase wasn't maimed or killed during the making of this movie. I know, there were plenty of stunt players who fell off the roof, crashed through the attic, were flung about into brick walls, etc.---but still! Chevy, who had a well-publicized stint in the Betty Ford Clinic for addiction to painkillers (due to extreme back pain caused by, of all things, his numerous falls on &quot;Saturday Night Live&quot; in the 1970's while spoofing then-President Gerald Ford---how ironic is that???), certainly took on a certain level of risk in reprising his role as the perpetually clumsy, but good-intentioned, WASP patriarch Clark Wilhelm Griswold, Jr. in this, the third installment of the VACATION series by Chase's old comedy troupe, National Lampoon.<br />Having not seen (as of yet, believe it or not) either VACATION or EUROPEAN VACATION, I was a bit unfamiliar with the main characters; however, CHRISTMAS VACATION got me to know them real fast. I have to admit, I have not been a Chevy Chase fan since the '70's, during and immediately after his SNL days. (Let's face facts, the show made him an instant star, but he was never really one of the funniest members of the Not-Ready-for-Prime-Time Players.) However, I believe that he gives a truly inspired comedic performance in CHRISTMAS VACATION. I'm not even referring to the copious physical comedy he displays. I'm actually talking about his comedic acting! I love the manic energy with which Chase infuses his role, and the crazed look in his eye when his character is pushed over the edge. Beverly D'Angelo, as patient but frequently unamused wife Ellen, provides a good low-key foil for his over-the-top antics. She's well-cast and, I must say, beautiful.<br />As far as acting talent goes, this film has no shortage in this department. A pre-stardom Juliette Lewis is welcome as Griswold daughter Audrey, and a very young Johnny Galecki is engaging as her kid brother Russell (three years before he was cast as Darlene's lazy boyfriend David on the hit TV show &quot;Roseanne&quot;). We also get memorable performances from E.G. Marshall, Doris Roberts, an unrecognizable Dianne Ladd, and a hysterically funny William Hickey. Rounding out the mix is Randy Quaid as filthy slob Cousin Eddie (who parks his trailer in the driveway), Nicholas Guest and Julia-Louis Dreyfus as the bland and stuck-up neighbors next door, and Brian Doyle-Murray who serves up good moments as Clark's old crabby boss.<br />The problem with CHRISTMAS VACATION is that, while it does contain some very funny scenes with lots of great, memorable one-liners, it is marred by inferior direction on the part of first-time director Jeremiah Chechik. He tends to interlace the fast-paced physical scenes with long, slow ones that grind the movie to a dead halt every time. While I didn't expect the level of non-stop, lightning-paced zaniness a la AIRPLANE!, these extended slow breaks (that usually focus on a character staring dreamily into the sky) are awkwardly placed and paced, and thereby create an uneven viewing experience. However, John Hughes' smart and wickedly funny script pretty much saves the day. I wouldn't add this to the list of perennial must-see Christmas films (such as A CHRISTMAS STORY or IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE), but CHRISTMAS VACATION does offer a lot of fun for the whole family (except for kids under the age of 10, as the language is well-seasoned with four-letter words). If it does nothing else, this film should make you feel a lot better about your Christmas!<br />MODERATELY RECOMMENDED
B000002JSN|5.0|this is the best album of them, very over looked. i would recomend it to everyone who's jumping on to the LZ band wagon
B000021YQV|5.0|My 14- and 10-yr old sucker me into buying these CDs with &quot;explicit&quot; lyrics, knowing I'll never understand all the words anyway, or that I'll probably fall in love with the music before I make out all the words. I'm searching the house (and the net!) for lyrics to this CD. As a good mother I should ban this stuff but I can't help but like it. To wake up the youngest in the morning I put in this CD and blast it, and after a few mornings I was hooked. My husband DETESTS it and after one hearing wanted it out of the house, but I think it's brilliant. The sound is distinctive, original, disturbing, memorable. Yes, all that screaming isn't really singing-- or is it? I just wish I didn't love this CD so much, 'cause it surely is unsavory for the kid, but hey, I used to listen to Queen's &quot;Tie Your Mother Down&quot; as a teen: neither my mom nor I realized Freddy was saying go ahead and drown your little brother, that's all right.<br />I would never tell all my friends to go buy this CD and let their kids listen to it, but I have done so, and I'm not letting this one get banished. I love it too much.
0385512104|4.0|I absolutely loved this novel, it gives insight into the minds of people who are not often acknowledged in our society as individuals.  It is the journey of a boy to find the truth, but what is most realistic for me is that he's not motivated by what are deemed &quot;normal&quot; motivating factors, instead, Mark Haddon delves deep into the mind of this boy and returns with a captivating and moving story.  Definitely read this book!
B0000691TJ|1.0|great cover, but unfortunately thats the only good thing i can say about it. a great band but by this stage well past their sell by date.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Quetin Taratino's much anticipated movie, &quot;&quot;Kill Bill&quot; is a camp, yet serious retro look at the martial arts flicks, particularly of the Japanese origins, with some Hong Kong Shaw Brothers and spaghetti western themes intertwined, to mesh a highly entertaining movie, even though it is, like its predecessors, a little over the top.<br />That is what makes this movie, though violent, even more entertaining, that the violence, with the blood splurting at outrages heights, is not gross nor gratuitous, revealing a smart sense of proportion. Uma (not one of my favorite actresses) is actually very good as the movies heroine.<br />Actually, in Vol. 1, Taratino has been able to take many of the actors I have not thought were very good at their craft and draw out solid performances. Further, he has held wire-tricks to a minimum, which is a great relief. Although unrealistic, these fight scenes are tough yet beautiful, another balance.<br />So with such high praise, why not five stars? Well, Taratino does what he normally does - uses similar patterns he has used in his previous movies, while mainstream critics seem to be enamored, I think it reflects more like a Thomas Kincade painting - sure it is nice- but I can only take so much of the same thing.  Furthermore, while his use of violence is balanced, his use of dialogue is prone to too much vulgarity which lacks memorable phrases or proper emotional climaxes.<br />With the minor negatives aside, it would be five stars instead of four if it had not been halted in mid-stream.  This is not Taratino's fault, for his vision was to release vol 1 and 2 as one movie, but the studio's and producers, wanting more of a commercial success, divided it into two flicks. Even though it is not Taratino's fault, this movie should not have ended when it did and lacks punch because of it. After all, it represents many genres that very seldom split one movie into two seprate films.<br />Lastly, while I love this movie, I wish there would have been more &quot;extras&quot; that are now so common with DVDs. I suspect, and probably ofr a reason, that when Vol. 2 comes out, there will be more featurettes that we the viewer can enjoy.  I liked this movie even more the second.e would have been more &quot;extras&quot; that are now so common with DVDs. I suspect, and probably ofr a reason, that when Vol. 2 comes out, there will be more featurettes that we the viewer can enjoy.  I liked this movie even more the second.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Anyone that doesn't like Linkin Park, f*** you.  IM me at muffman539 and let me know what you think.  I got this cd the first day it came out, and I saw them at Summer Sanitarium in Atlanta.  They really kick a**, and I know because I've seen it first hand.  There's not really a song on this album that sucks.  My favorites include: Don't Stay, Somewhere I Belong, Lying From You, and Faint.  Great album, go get it today.
B0000C7GG2|5.0|6 STARS!!!! This album once released will change the current course of music. I am an avid music conasur'e and this band is by far shows the most talent of any i have EVER heard. That is not an overstatement. From the first track on this album to the last it creates sounds that only could be written and thought of by Gods. Hysteria, The small print, time is running out, and Sockholm Syndrom. These songs will make you fall and fly, if listened to properly. AGAIN... LISTEN WITH CARE... YOU MIGHT NEED TO CALL AN AMBULANCE AFTER YOU HERE THE END TO STOCKHOLM SYNDROME, best quasi-solo ever. ENJOY.
B000084T18|5.0|This is great. I feel like some punk when I listen to this. The beats are so cool, you can headbang and look at other people like they're stupid. Seriously, I feel so mature and totally wit' da flow when I hear this stuff. It's like, I'm in da groove. Dude. Honestly, hip-hop forever. And world peace guys.<br />Hip-hop is the epitome of cultural achievement. When historians study the 21st-century, 50 Cent will be seen to have been our master artist, the musical da Vinci of his day. If this isn't true, please reprimand this review for being unhelpful.
B00005JM20|3.0|As I watched JOHNNY ENGLISH, I was constantly reminded of the Peter Sellers' Pink Panther movies. Unfortunately, JOHNNY ENGLISH suffered from the comparison. The style and feel is quite similar, and Rowan Atkinson is a funny guy, but many of the gags looked vaguely familiar. When Johnny was practicing his karate moves, I kept expecting Kato to jump out from hiding. Of course, he never did. Much of the movie is like that, and it suffered from the comparison.<br />JOHNNY ENGLISH also needed more of a plot. The professional reviewer above describes it as &quot;tepid&quot;, and I agree. It's supposed to be a spoof, so it can get away with being something of a cliche, but despite some creative gags, the plot just doesn't go far. In fact, it would have helped if some of the deleted scenes had been left in. The movie's not very long, so it's not as if they wouldn't fit. For example, the quick shot of John Malkovich's position in the royal family tree is much more meaningful if the scenes that show him bumping off other distant family members is left in. So is his lethal elevator.<br />JOHNNY ENGLISH has some funny moments, but Atkinson's character comes across as a poor man's version of Inspector Clouseau. This is a comparison that Atkinson should try to avoid. Not that I didn't enjoy this film. I did. But it isn't good enough to rise above a mediocre three stars, nor did I enjoy it enough to want to watch it several times. That, in my book, makes it worth renting, but not purchasing.
B000099T2L|1.0|CRAP, that is so overrated in gets you sick!!!!<BR>I can't believe anyone likes her music.<BR>Can anybody come up with something, like, uh, ORIGINAL!!!!!!!<BR>Don't Buy this one!!!
B000006PYU|5.0|I bought this CD back when it was issued but hadn't listened to it much until recently when Peter Green's fellow British guitar wizard Eric Clapton issued his own tribute to Robert Johnson called Me and Mr. Johnson. Although the two CDs are very different in both approach and sound, I like them both. The one I would pick as the &quot;best&quot; would depend on my mood on any given day. But if its &quot;authenticity&quot; you seek, then Green's Robert Johnson Songbook comes closest to the Delta Blues sound.<br />Since I have not actually heard most of Johnson's own work, I won't inject myself into the &quot;what would Johnson do?&quot; speculations. I have a feeling that he would be pleased and amused that so many white boys see him as a blues god and want to cover his music. However, I have heard all these songs before covered by a variety of artists from across the rock and blues spectrum, so I can comment on their relative merits.<BR>There is a lot to like here. Green and his sidekick Nigel Watson put their hearts into this recording and serve up some very tasty Delta Blues, London style. I like the whole CD, but my favorite renditions here are of Phonograph Blues, a gospel-flavored Last Fair Deal Gone Down, a slow, Stones-like Love in Vain Blues, the mournful Stones In My Passway, the macho I Believe I'll Dust My Broom, and the swinging Sweet Home Chicago.<BR>The CD comes with an informative booklet that compares and contrasts the lives of Robert Johnson and Peter Green. It also offers some intimate observations on how the idea for this tribute was born. If you like the blues in general and aren't a stickler for note-for-note authenticity, then I recommend The Robert Johnson Songbook highly.<br />And for the record, some reviewers mentioned erroneously that Peter Green had been away from recording since his Fleetwood Mac days. Not so. He made a number of albums, some of them quite good, during the late 70s and the 80s. If you were unaware of that, its because none of his albums were given proper promotion.<BR>Some of that period's music is available here on this site, mostly in compilation form.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|I do like Afterglow but as Sarah's fan, I felt a little dissapointing because, I expect much more than that after a big gap of Surfacing. <br />For instance, the song Train Wreck. <BR>The 2 lines of:<BR>&quot;In your sweet embrace,<BR>All my pain erase&quot;<BR>I felt the tune there could be explore even further but it just stop there. I felt like hanging in the middle. Even so, this song remainds one of my favourite song. I just felt that she could do more than that.<BR>On a lighter notes, despike being lack of exploring tune, the song as it is, is good enough. But I thought, it could be better...
0743454529|5.0|I think I actually stopped breathing a couple of times while reading this one.  It's amazing.  Simply the best book I've read since finishing Jodi's Second Glance.  The Best emotional ride ever!
1563523302|3.0|I think that The Millionaire Next Door is a fairly informative book, and it really does show that it is not all that hard to become one yourself. The main key is to start early on in life. The other key point, which was basically overlooked in the discussion about small-business owners, is that small business owners (whose assets INCLUDE the business assets) are often forced to buy tremendous amounts of depreciable equipment, such as tools, landscaping equipment, trucks, etc. These purchases should really be counted as EXPENSES, or perhaps some sort of delayed investment, as the business owner will never receive the financial benefit from these assets until he/she leaves the business and sells them.<BR>By the way, if you live in upstate New York, like I do, you can have your book autographed by William Danko, who teaches part time at albany.edu -- you may want to go to UAlbany's website to get his email address to set up an autographing appointment.<BR>God bless America, and bring our troops home.
B00005JMEW|3.0|I like Tarantino. As big of a geek as he is, you gotta appreciate his ability to pay attention to detail but not be overly anal retentive on any one scene. I'm a big geek too. I screamed when I heard there was an anime sequence in the film. <br />I'll first talk about the movie. Its not the movie I'm giving 3 stars. Its the DVD. However, this is NOT Quentin's best film. I love the asian theme's and motifs. Just brilliant. The characters aren't really all that developed but I'm sure they will develop more through dialogue in Volume 2. Which I am looking forward to (I already have my tickets). <br />I'd give the movie 4 stars (out of five). Why not five?<br />The movie is very stylish. Thats its main appeal. But its all style over substance. I didn't like that. A reason I love Pulp Fiction so much is for its characters, which I dont feel close to in this film. Now, I'm not marking this as a bad movie just because its not all what Pulp Fiction is. I know its an entirely different movie, I think Quentin just works better developing story and leaving the style a little to the side. He didn't do that here though, and it was a change. Something that is always good: experimentation. The style is not really always a negative though. Its eyecandy. And that's good. Especially Oren's childhood introduction being told through Japanese Anime. LOVED that idea, and it held the most emotional part of the movie. <br />I just find Volume 1 to be a little underdeveloped. I doubt this is Tarrantino's fault though. Miramax having him cut the movie in half, i'm sure he had to do some really tough editing, and lets hope that volume 2 will make me write a very positive review. Im hoping for big things.<br />The DVD now.<BR>It isn't much to brag about. It has a few extras. A 21 minute documentary on the making of the film, some music video's and trailers. Thats it. I highly suggest you wait until Vol 2 is released with it in a bundle. I'm sure it'll be cramed full of goodies. I know there isplenty to talk about, seeing as how this movie had been planned since 1993, during the making of Pulp Fiction. <br />Overall. A great film with a different twist. Too bad it had to be slashed by Miramax. I hope I don't have to Kill them.
B0001AP158|5.0|I was so happy to get this dvd - The music is great and the band sounds better than ever - I am a big Bon Jovi fan and I highly recommend this to all who love Bon Jovi!!!!!!!!
B0001HAISG|5.0|i <3 peter pan. the night after i saw the movie i cried and wondered why our world couldn't be as beautiful as Neverland, and i wrote messages to peter pan on the window and waited for him to take me away. my favourite part of the movie is when peter pan comes to the window and then wendy, john and micheal fly away to neverland. i really liked the relationship between peter and wendy especially when they look in the fairy tree and then float up to the sky together. my least favourite part of the movie was how they played captain hook up so much. but everything else was so amazingly good and beautiful that the movie deserves way more than a five star rating. i think that you can look at this movie as \\"special effects\\" and \\"well done\\" or you can just simply love it. and simply love it i do.
B00003CXCT|1.0|Man, I LOVE Star Wars as much as anybody else and I was so looking forward to the original trilogy as it was first shown in theatres to be released on DVD.  What a disappointment that Lucas decided to release the \\"Special Edition\\" versions instead with the added footage of Jabba walking around, etc.  I guess I have to wait another few years until this version runs it course and runs up the total in the bank account and then Lucas will finally release the original versions on DVD or whatever the new format is by then. (...)
B00005JMJ4|1.0|This is a boring movie about boring people being bored.  If I wanted to watch that, I'd just sit in front of a mirror.  <br />I understand that it's a pseudo-art film.  I understand that Murray isn't supposed to be funny in it.  I understand that the connection between the two characters is supposed to be charming and not sexual.  I know that life and the people you encounter will generally be a disappointment.  But I knew all that before I pushed play and I don't know any more after watching, so it was basically just a waste of time.
0156027321|5.0|I have always enjoyed short novels about murder mysteries or comedic mad caps.  Books that could take you nowhere but tell a pretty good yarn.  Books that last me about a week tops and then i feel as though I need to start another book because I am not completly filled up from the last.  <BR>  Well, I had enough of that and decided to dip my hands into something alittle different from what I was used to.  Books labeled literature.  I admit I was scared, but I picked up Life of Pi anyhow.  Now I must admit that the only reason I did pick up this book because the cover looked enjoyable. Now, I know basing a book by it''s cover is completely wrong, but I am glad i did.  This book has changed my whole perspective on reading. How a book, a small, bound, pile of pages, inked and marked, could create such a world full of laughter, sadness, adventure and religion and at the same time keep it going with a strong plot and fantastic characters has not been seen by me. I actually felt like I was there with him and Richard Parker as they were on the boat, watching with wide-eyed wonder. The ending of this book still sends shivers down my spine and now makes me second guess even the simplist of explanations. If you want a book that takes you far away from the small fiction stories that just give you snapshots of a long series of events and will actually bring you along for an outstanding ride, pick up LIFE OF PI.
B00004XQ8E|5.0|Mahler is one of my favorite composers, I consider him the best composer of symphonies ever. &quot;Das Lied von der Erde&quot; might not be as &quot;big&quot; as his other symphonies, yet with the proper vocalists, it can make you shiver in you chair. And this recording surely packs the proper vocalists. There is a perfect balance between the powerful tenor Julius Patzak and the crystal clear voice of Kathleen Ferrier. The Wiener Philharmoniker orchestra under Bruno Walter is working in perfect union with the vocalist. I don't know if this is the &quot;best&quot; recording of &quot;Das Lied von der Erde&quot;, but it surely deserves a place of honor in any music lover's collection. 5 shining stars for this piece.
B00005JKZV|5.0|Two words can be used to describe this movie; absolutely amazing.  Jackson's success with The Fellowship of the Ring had me wondering if he would be able to meet my high expectations for The Two Towers.  Jackson didn't just meet my expectations, he greatly exceeded them.  As before the basic plot remained close to Tolkien's story, however Jackson changed his movie to fit the preferences of many movie-goers today.  The Two Towers is far more action-packed than its novel counterpart.  The hobbits take more of a supportive role and spend most of their time away from the action while characters like Aragorn take the lead.  These changes weren't bad however, this movie had practically everything; a great story line, great character development, spectacular special affects, and one of the most epic battles that was ever placed in a film.  In addition to all these The Two Towers had some of the most amazing computer generated (CG) characters I've ever seen.<BR> Gollum was absolutely amazing; he was incredibly life-like and well acted, arguably the best actor in the film.  Gollum's is one of the most complex characters that I've seen played on film.  On one side we have a goofy and faithful companion and on the other we have a cunning sneak who will do anything to recover the ring.  The scene where Gollum argues with himself is well-acted, hilarious, and cleverly done.  As Gollum talks the camera angle changes making it look like he's talking to a reflection of himself and showing his inner conflict.  Gollum is the perfect example of all the consideration that was placed in this movie but Gollum wasn't the best part.<BR> The most spectacular thing about this movie would have to be the battle of Helms Deep.  It's nearly an hour of breath taking action and one of the biggest battles that has even been filmed.  There is a difference between a major battle and a well filmed major battle.  The battle wasn't all mindless carnage; there was an art to it.  Not only was the battle filmed from far away showing the sheer numbers of the enemy and the mass melee, it was also filmed on an individual scale showing the great heroics of Aragorn (Viggo Mortensen), the spectacular bowman ship of Legolas (Orlando Bloom), and the battle-crazy Gimly (John Rhys-Davies).  This battle was also filled with great suspense.  At one moment you think the battle's going well and soon after that you wonder how Aragorn and the others are going to survive.  It's certain that this battle will have you on the edge of your seat; the action never stops, especially when there's more than one battle going on at once.<BR> While the battle of Helms Deeps is taking place the Ents are also laying siege to Isengard, Saruman's (Christopher Lee) stronghold.  It was a grand display of CG as all the Ents and many of the orcs were generated to produce this battle.  Although it isn't on the same grand scale as Helms Deep, this battle is still well done and very entertaining.  It's quite hilarious seeing a giant tree use an orc as a club.  The last hour of the movie was one of the most exciting movie experiences I've ever had.  <BR> It's hard to say whether I liked this movie more than the first one.  Without a doubt The Two Towers had far more action than The Fellowship of the Ring but it's hard to look at the two movies separately.  However, the story as a whole is one of the best stories to ever hit the big screen.  If Jackson is able to perform to the same level as he's done with The Fellowship of the Ring and The Two Towers then it's certain that the Lord of the Rings will go down in history as the best film trilogy ever.
B00009ATIX|5.0|This is one of the most beautfiul films I have ever seen.  It is great science fiction similar to 2001 Space Odessy or Gattaca.  The directing in this movie makes it special.  The soundtrack and the shots and the camara angles brought me into the movie, I can't remember the last movie I saw that made me so emotionaly invested in the story.  As great as this movie is don't watch it if you are sleepy!  I did and I couldn't stop watching it, ended up staying up way too late.  Peace Out
B0000256VK|5.0|You can't beat this cd.  No wonder why they haven't put anything out after this -- you can't beat it.  While listening to it, it takes me to a place of beauty -- rare in this crazed, modern world.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|I anxiously awaited the DVD release after having missed the theatre showing and heard high praises from movie critics. I heard the plot parallels that of award-winning director Wong Kar-wai's film &quot;In the Mood for Love,&quot; which I absolutely love. That Sofia Coppola acknowledged director Wong Kar-wai in her Academy Awards acceptance speech and sited &quot;In the Mood for Love&quot; as an inspiration for this film only increased my interest in &quot;Lost in Translation.&quot;<br />Well, so much for that. Instead of being like a good dream as it has been compared to, for me the entire experience felt more like sitting in traffic at rush hour: it's long, boring, uneventful, frustrating, tiring, and in the end, all pointless and readily forgettable. <br />Even for a &quot;mood&quot; movie, it doesn't have much of a plot to draw you in. Set in a place foreign to most of us, the movie failed terribly at presenting to the audience the cultural shock and the totally different Tokyo cityscape the characters in the movie are experiencing beyond the very superficial. The dialogues were uninspiring, the pace torturous and patience-trying, the characters uninitiated and surprisingly bland...it is, actually, really sad for me to find out just how unpolished and half-cooked the movie is.<br />Yet &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; is not without a few great moments, to the credit of Bill Murry, who nonetheless has delivered much better performances in others movies. If I had read the script before the movie was produced, I would have thought it had great potential. That is, Sofia Coppola definitely had a great idea, a concept not usually made into a film. But the final film as we see it feels rather prematurely delivered, as if rushed to and through production. What a shame. With a little more work in the script and the production, I think this really could have been a great film.<br />I expected a memorable film from Sofia Coppola. Sadly, this film did not live up to my expectations. As for being inspired by &quot;In the Mood for Love&quot;...well, then it did not live up to its inspiration either. If you are in the mood for an artsy film following a similar plot, or would like to see how this film *should* have been done, I highly recommend &quot;In the Mood for Love.&quot; If, instead, you are a fan of Bill Murry and are here because of him, you'd be much better off renting one of his older movies. &quot;Lost in Translation&quot; will lose its audience, and not because of translation.
B000002JPA|5.0|Oh, man. This album has to be their hieght. They had just gotten rid of Dominici, and in comes James LaBrie, an amzing showman and singer. The musicians are at their some of their best, too. John Petrucci pulls some awesome guitar stunts on &quot;Metropolis Pt. 1&quot;, and then breaks into a Kansas-style freakout in the middle. Portnoy is awesome as well, and the keyboardist du jour is grat, leaving Rudess, my favorite of all the keyboardist, a good pair of shoes to wear. With the same amazing, borouqe-esque musicianship of the first album, sans the Rush wannabe, this album opened Dream Theater's &quot;Balconty&quot;, left unvisited until &quot;Metropolis Pt. 2&quot;.
1400031354|5.0|Smith's first book in the series, _No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency_, was enjoyable and easy to read.  I found the second installment in the series, _Tears of the Giraffe_ even more enjoyable than the first.  The characters continue to develop nicely and the stories held my attention better than the initial book.  I particularly liked the introduction of the children from the orphan farm, and look forward to the parts they will play in the following books.<br />The writing style and the stories are simple in nature, with morals that transcend the book.  The books are in fact a wonderful advertisement for the country of Botswana, and Africa itself.  Great emphasis is placed upon morality, respect and love.<br />I look forward to the other books about Mma Ramotswe and the rest of the ensemble.
B00008S2VG|1.0|Why bother with a long review when I can sum it up with one word -- \\"Crap.\\"<br />She is the female version of Donald Trump.  Take someone's idea and make a million from the idea as consumers aren't thinking who did a product in the first place, or too lazy to investigate.  By buying her cds, you are buying inferior product -- seek out the original British artists from the 80s who did her style better and with originality.<br />Don't buy her cds -- let her live on her millions without contributing to her \\"fund.\\"
B0000C1733|4.0|Why do bands do greatest hits albums anyway? It seems to me like they want money but can't be bothered writing a new album.<BR>Although this cd is pretty good, I would recommend the earlier and funkier greatest hits cd What Hits?!. <BR>Or better still, get BloodSexSugarMagik, its 74 minutes long and packed with the best songs the band have ever written.
0375703764|4.0|Danielewski's novel deals, in general, with the illusory nature of reality.  His method of unfolding two (three?) stories through the use of creative footnoting makes the reader forget that it is, in fact, a novel, and not some non-fiction written by successive lunatics.  The titular house is lovecraftian in its proportions and the horror of the book comes from the questions it raises (again like Lovecraft, through successively less subtle hints) about the our perceptions of reality.<BR>This unreality is compounded by the fact that Poe's album &quot;Haunted&quot; references the novel as if it where real, leading the reader to half-doubt the appelation of novel as he or she becomes entangled in the fiction (now questionable in some remote corner of the reader's otherwise rational mind).<BR>Even I was slightly discomforted when I found myself reading the last parts of the novel in a Holiday Inn in Williamsburg, exactly the place Truant finds himself near the end of the novel.<BR>I would reccomend this novel to anyone.
B0001LJCPC|4.0|The soundtrack is yet still one of the best compilation soundtracks I have yet purchased, well...recently released....or...eh....well ignore that whole opening, I know I can delete it, but I'm just gonna pretend I'm being funny and make a fool out of myself.<br />I do hope they release some type of soundtrack with all the other extra songs that they didn't bother putting on either of the volumes. I mean in Volume 1 there was this one really really cool song-composition...more of like a chant of some sort, very native sounding, it was played as Uma walks towards Oren Ishii after slicing the ones arm off in the club, as she walked you saw clips of her bloody sword, and her determined eyes.<br />Yet alone there are plenty of other songs, but that one particular is one of the most amazing songs that I heard while watching the film, but yet to be released, while they fill the soundtracks with bits of clips from the movie, they could of used that space for putting that song I desire on it.<br />I have yet to hear any DJs using those samples from the movies they put on both volumes. <br />But for the rest, both soundtracks make very well background music, good driving cds. And a nice selection of Ennio Morricone compositions. I don't mind the slowness of the cd, but I'm sure many will.<br />My advice is to see the movie first, and decide if you wish to buy the soundtrack, I expected it too be how it was, and really didn't expect the song I desire so much to be on there. <br />Well, later
B00005JLSE|5.0|Hurray for Catherine Zeta-Jones, Renee Zellweger, Richard Gere, Jochn C. Reilly and Queen Latifah! I don't know that I have ever seen such a gripping musical on film. The casting is perfect and the dancing is truly superlative. PLEASE get this film and explore the real and fantasy lives of Roxie Hart as portrayed by Zellweger. It won best picture and it deserved it. The special effects are not the most sophisticated you'll ever see; but no film is ever 110% flawless. It's a winner!
B0000C9ZLD|5.0|&quot;Room on Fire&quot; has been vastly outsold since it's release by 50 Cent and Blink 182. It's just another chapter in the saga of the hype and backlash surrounding the band.<br />     But should you buy &quot;Room on Fire?&quot; The answer, if you like simple, melodic rock 'n roll, is yes. Don't listen to the hype surrounding the Strokes, because they have made it clear that they don't.<br />     The only thing more annoying than the Strokes hype is the Strokes anti-hype. Those people who hate the band and &quot;Room on Fire&quot; assume we think we are the coolest people in the world. But they're wrong. They hate the Strokes, therefore, they're just a little cooler than us.<br />     Congratulations.
6300271447|5.0|This isn't your run-of-the-mill concert video packed with edited performances.  This is loaded with performances from the original (and, as far as I'm concerned, the ONLY) three-day festival of peace, love, and music.  (...)it's loaded with interviews of kids coming into town for the festival, enjoying it, and leaving it (I felt really sorry for the cleanup crew).  A lot of the time, it's a split screen so you'll find yourself using the rewind button quite often to catch anything you may have missed.<br />Interesting to find out that Woodstock was the second performance for Crosby, Stills, and Nash (in the days before Young).  Ritchie Havens was out of sight, Jimi Hendrix far out, and Country Joe McDonald a blast.  Rock and roll and folk music came together for a once-in-a-lifetime event that could never be duplicated (why did people botther trying?) and, truth be told, I'm deeply jealous of the people who were there.<br />The coolest part of all was when Max Yasgur, owner of the farm the festival was held on, got on stage and said that Woodstock was proof that young people could get together and have three days of peace, love, and music and nothing but three days of peace, love and music.<br />This video is a first hand glimpse into the turmoil that was the 1960's (e.g. older people arguing amongst themselves that the festival was wrong because the young kids were having sex and getting high while others thought it better that they were there instead of being in Viet Nam).  You can feel the tension and the too cool atmosphere of the festival through the TV.<br />Ah, nothing like the 1960's.  What a decade!
0671015206|5.0|I read the book out of curiosity and what the authors are saying is all true.  I know.  I am the millionaire next door!
B00004X01U|4.0|Often dubbed the &quot;disappointing&quot; follow up to 1998's bloated opus Ray Of Light, Music is the better album in my opinion. While she could have dug a little deeper for the lyrics and left that damned vocoder buried in Chers closet the album is still a solid effort. Kicking off with the international smash hit &quot;Music&quot; the album is consistently good only stumbling here and there on songs like &quot;Runaway Lover&quot;, production being to generic, and &quot;Nobody's Perfect&quot;, nice song done in by satanic vocoder. Perfection achieved in songs like &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;, &quot;I Deserve It&quot;, &quot;What It Feels Like For A Girl&quot;, and &quot;Paradise (not for me)&quot; more than make up for any missteps along the way.
B00003CXI0|5.0|Harry potter 1 and 2 are both as good as each other, i can't wait for the next one to come out. Harry potter is all magic, it is one of the best films i have ever seen, the acting is great and the characters.  ANYONE WOULD PROBABLY ENJOY IT.
B0000AXE8I|5.0|I'm a big fan of Matrix and have to say the Matrix Revolutions doesn't have the same mystery angle as the first one. But it's a part of a trilogy so what the heck. The one thing that stood out in this movie is the car/bike chase sequences, it is arguably the best chase sequence next to Ronin. The brawl scenes where Neo fights hundreds of agents gets boring fast, though it rocks.<br />The Matrix has taken a lot of suspense out of the whole Trilogy, so don't expect much.
B0000C2IXU|5.0|It isn't quite as good as the first, but i still love it. There is a bit more action in the first. It is still one of my favorite films,and i could still keep on watching it. I hope a number 3 comes out very soon, i will be so dying to see the 3 GREAT angels again. I must say the very 1st time i saw this film i never really liked it, but it is one of them films that is easy to get used to. REALLY GREAT, THE ANGELS ARE LIVE AND KICKING!<br />1. Superb film<br />2. Dylan,Natalie and Alex are still GREAT at there parts.<br />3. Nearly as good as the 1st.<br />4. Improved better since the older version.<br />5. They still use there kick (...) action.<br />6. WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR,THERE'S A GREAT FILM WAITING FOR YOU. C H A R L I E ' S  A N G E L S\\"
B0001BKAEY|4.0|Revolutions provides closure to the series. That's the only purpose of the movie. There are no new special effects that set the movie industry by storm, no suspense, no thrills. One thing that this movie promises is the ending, and some people think it's disappointing. Buy this just for collection purposes.
B00005V3Z4|2.0|I have to say, this movie isn't very good at all. My favorite actress Drew barrymore produces the film, and she is an awsome actress and producer,but it is the actual film itself that is weird and boring. This may seem boring for some people, i'd hire it first, i wasted money on it and i hate it. I bought it cos i thought drew was donnie! p.s [...] isn't my nickname, kat isx
B000063JZQ|5.0|this movie was done extremely well. john finch did excellent as macbeth. the gore was well used. i was surprised that the movie kept my interest...but it really did
6302518393|5.0|The newton family have just adopted one huge saint bernard dog that was kidnapped out of the shop it came from. He's big,he drewles,and he's a big responsibility. Beethoven made him self happy in the newtons, emily dreamed of having a dog and she woke up with one right beside her in her bed. No one knows about him been there until her mum brother and sister walk into the room. He grows massive, and it is about a family who love him too bits, exept they had to work round there dad. Great family film.
B00003CXA4|5.0|I loved this movie about this holy saint.  His movement of &quot;soul force&quot; has been the inspiriation for non-violent social protests for decades.  I loved that the wit and humor that he portrayed in his books was not lost in this movie!
6305089957|3.0|If you have seen the first and not the second, you would probably prefer the 1st, it is way better than scream 2.
1400049628|5.0|IT IS AN EXELENT BOOK. <br />great roleplaying reference you may notice that there is no dry humor in it. the truth is that the whole thing is a joke on key with war of the worlds.
B00006RCSR|4.0|Danielle de barbarac is a servant, thats the job she does, her cruel mother is like an enemy to her, she can never anything right. [The posh dresses, just like the olden days].
0805047905|5.0|My 2 1/2 year old LOVES this book! He was familiar with it because the daycare he attends always reads it.  He received his very own copy of the book on Easter as a gift from his Aunt, and I cannot even describe the look of DELIGHT and EXCITEMENT on his face when he got it!! He immediately read it from cover to cover , and has been reading it every day since! Just the fact that he is reading the book to me, instead of the other way around, is amazing!  Great book
B000094J5S|3.0|It's one of them teen movies, if you are into them sorts of movies this is perfect for you. I like some of them, and don't get me wrong this is pretty good but i have seen better. I always think well by looking at the box cover,  and reading the reviews on it which i normally do, i thought by what it actually says it is funny i normally go for funny movies. I didn't laugh at it at all i don't think it is funny. Some older people might find it a laugh though. There are on similararities to this film or any other i have seen. I could imagine it been like that [not another teen movie]which i have never seen.
B00006CXSS|5.0|The emotions evoked by this cienamatic masterpiece are ineffable and the visual effects are absolutely stunning. Band of Brothers (BOB) is truly worthy of masterpiece status. Whether it is the constant barrage of eye candy or the incredible performances delivered by the unknown actors, BOB is an astonishing achievement on many levels.
B0000DZ3EN|5.0|I wanted this film for ages, but they don't sell it anywhere, and amazon was where i managed to get it from. ACE film, about a girl who's house blew away in a tornado and now they are living in the middle of nowhere apart from nearby. [similar to wizard of oz]Dorothy gale from kansas ends up in oz again, but it has been turned into something bad since she last went........
B000001FKY|4.0|80's bands...big hair, boozing, and lots of girls.  This is the case of the notorious band Def Leppard.  Their music changed the world of rock and roll forever.  Hysteria was their fourth album out in the stores, which was noted as the best of the time.  It was released on October 25, 1987 and their popularity rose as a result.  Hysteria was an Auio CD published by Polygram Records and named their most successful album.  Sales were extremely high for this album becasue of tunes like &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me.&quot;  In all, sixteen million copies were sold, twelve million in the United States alone.<BR>   The number one song that Def Leppard is mainly remembered for is &quot;Pour Some Sugar On Me.&quot;  The provocative lyrics threw listeners for a loop.  &quot;Love is like a bomb baby come on get it on...&quot; and &quot;I'm hot, sticky sweet, from my head to my feet...&quot; are just a few of the lyrics to the song.  This is one of the most remembered songs from Hysteria because of this.  Even after more than a decade teenagers are still dancing and singing along to the song.  When listening, the tune isn't outdated even after many years and changes to the style of music.  At concerts whenever the band breaks out into this song the women go crazy.  The electric guitar and drums knocked fans out of their seats and on to their feet when the song was played.  The song keeps its rhythm and speed throughout the entire number.<BR>   In all, Def Leppard created music on the Hysteria album that changed rock and roll forever.  The rhythm and beats were the first of their time.  The album was a favorite to most fans and sold millions of copies.  Over half of tracks ended up as singles on the radio, proving that the members of Def Leppard had become bigger than they had ever dreamed.  Hysteria will always be remembered as the record that shaped stardom for the band Def Leppard.
B00005JMFQ|4.0|Love Actually is sure to be a light hearted classic.  In the same vein as Sleepless in Seattle or You've Got Mail, Love Actually is full of many heart warming stories that overlap eachother.  The film is pretty much a complete collection of every kind of love story there is.  What i liked about the film was that the writers didn't try to make them all have a happy ending although most of them did.  This is a film to pop in your vcr or dvd player when having a bad day.  If for nothing else than to watch the adorable little kid in his quest for love.  The movie is essentially exactly what you would predict but that doesn't take away from the cuteness of the film.  Probably the only problem that I had with it was the inconsistency of the relationships of the characters.  It was almost as if some of them were friends in the beginning of the film and then the writers forgot that at the end.  Also I think that this is not really a movie for little kids.  While it wouldn't hurt them to watch it I am pretty sure they will not understand the majority of the film.  But other than that this film was very good and will surely put a smile on any viewers face.
B00005JM0B|4.0|I like this movie much better than I expected to like it.    Why wouldn't I expect to like it? Five reasons offhand: No James Cameron. No Linda Hamilton. No Brad Fiedel score. No Edward Furlong. And (as of T2) no future for the Terminators to come back from.    But Jonathan Mostow has done a pretty good job with this one. Not perfect -- for example, I don't find Kristanna Loken's T-X anywhere near as menacing as Robert Patrick's T-1000 -- but it's not bad at all. And his non-sappy ending returns the Terminator series to its pessimistic tech-noir roots.    Nick Stahl's okay as John Connor; I miss Furlong, but Stahl looks as though he could actually _be_ the love child of Linda Hamilton and Michael Biehn. And Claire Danes is surprisingly effective as Kate Brewster, John's future second-in-command and spouse. Marco Beltrami's score is good too, although I still miss the main theme from the old one. (We hear Beltrami's arrangement of it over the closing credits, but that's it.)    Arnold, of course, is Arnold, and he's still why we watch. The stunts and special effects are very good.    I won't spoil the ending for you, but the outcome of this one may surprise you. In fact, it restores quite a bit of what T2 undid.    The omitted 'Sgt. Candy scene' is delightful, but it's by far the best item in the bonus materials. Generally, on the Terminator DVDs, the deleted scenes are helpful in understanding certain plot points; this one's no exception.    All in all, a nice addition to the Terminator series. Will there be more?
B000002UAC|5.0|While not quite as sparkly as their debut album, WITH THE BEATLES -- in the US a similar album was released as MEET THE BEATLES -- is the album most Americans think of as their first.  Compared to all other pop music then and since, and even though not as good as PLEASE PLEASE ME (the first Beatles album), this CD version of WITH THE BEATLES has to be given a five star rating because of the incredible range and quality of the songs that are contained herein.  My favorites are &quot;It Won't Be Long,&quot; &quot;Don't Bother Me,&quot; &quot;Please Mister Postman&quot; and &quot;Devil in Her Heart.&quot;  But all of the rest, including several covers of other artist's songs, are more than worth a  listen.  The sound quality on the CD re-issue is first rate too.  In a nutshell:  While not the best of The Best, it's still better than just about everything else. And for less than fourteen bucks, it's an outright steal.
B00008ADPF|5.0|THIS NEW ALBUM BY NICKEL BACK IS THERE BEST YET...I WAS A MAJOR FAN OF SILVER SIDE UP BUT THIS ONE BLOWS THAT ONE AWAY....AND IN ANRELATED NOTE...I AM JUST THRILLED THAT THEY ARE TOURING WITH 3 DOORS DOWN AND PUDDLE OF MUDD...I THINK THIS WILL BE THE BEST CONCERT OF THE SEASON
B000002UA9|5.0|The recording that changed popular music for all time, this was the first Beatles release and according to producer George Martin, was just their regular Cavern Club set recorded live in an EMI studio in one 12-hour recording session on Feb 11, 1963.  From the opening count of &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot; to the last note of &quot;Twist and Shout,&quot; this CD version of The Beatles first record album is not just a trip down memory lane, but a testament to the staying power of The Beatles music, even the early stuff which I had once dismissed as a few hit singles mixed in with a lot of back room filler.  Not so!  All of the songs on this CD are shiny little jewels.  My favorites are &quot;I Saw Her Standing There,&quot; &quot;Ask Me Why,&quot; &quot;There's a Place,&quot; and the incomparable five song set between &quot;Please Please Me&quot; and &quot;Do You Want To Know a Secret&quot; that knocked the music industry and music public for a loop back in 1963-64.  Give a listen (or re-listen on a good stereo) to the bass and drum work out between Ringo and Paul on &quot;Twist and Shout.&quot;  It's great.  It's what rock and roll is all about.  No, this is not just nostalgia.  PLEASE PLEASE ME, after more than forty years, is still rock/pop music at its best.
0974153001|5.0|Begining and professional doll and figure makers will find this book an excellent resource. The entire process used by this artist is diagramed and photographed in detail.<br />The beginner will find everything from buying, finding, and making the most useful tools, through how much clay will be used in a sculpt. Instructions are laid out in clear, clean, methodical steps that can be used as a lesson plan for learning ever more complex techniques.<br />The experienced artist will be grateful to have so many techniques outlined in one book. No matter how long you have been making figures, you will find something in this book that will make your work easier, more fun, or help you produce a more professional figure. An excellent book; it belongs in every dimensional artists' library.
B00003OSTV|4.0|I love this movie but I will not buy this on VHS.  Why isn't it available on DVD?  This movie deserves to be released on DVD - there is no excuse.  What's the problem?  PLEASE RELEASE THIS MOVIE ON DVD!!!
0385512104|5.0|I bought this book because I liked its cover. I liked its cover because it was red, which is my favorite color, and also it had a picture of a dog and I like dogs, but I do not like dogs to be murdered, which is what happens to a dog at the start of this book.<br />I do not like proper novels, because proper novels contain lies, but I like this book because it is not like a proper novel, but more like a book of maths or science, because it does not contain lies but contains the truth.<br />I give this book 5 stars because it is a Super Good Book, but also because 5 is a prime number and I like prime numbers.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|Nicole Kidman and Ewan McGregor embark upon a dangerous love story in &quot;Moulin Rouge.&quot;  A courtizan and penniless writer, the two must battle for their love, defying men at the nightclub, a jealous duke, and a fatal illness.  Their love story is enveloped within extraordinary musical performances and tantalizing dance scenes, and the lovers' songs live on long after the movie has ended.  I think the work as a whole is phenomenal!
B00005R2M3|4.0|Don't forget your roots, mami. Be true to yourself. You're trying to appeal to american and english speaking people but be yourself.
B00011RPB0|5.0|I gotta say, this is a really good movie.  I liked this for a lot of reasons.  Scarlett Johansson is a great actor.  Bill Murray is a great actor.  The movie takes place in one of the most interesting places in the world... JAPAN!  :)  The whole idea of the movie, two lost people trying to find themselves, is awesome.  I highly recomend this movie.
B00005RFAI|1.0|Same old manufactured pop puppet. You have an okay voice but the rest (everything really) sucks. This whole macho butch-les attitude you have isn't cute neither. I could whoop you with my thumb!
B0001611DI|4.0|After viewing the recent remake to this George Romero classic, I was saddly disappointed to see a basic retread of 28 days later! The only difference is its taking place in the U.S. (take note of the various cameos of some of the original cast members)So in my humble opinion, the original is by far worth your money. The premise: A traffic Reporter along with his girlfriend and two cops fly a helicopter out of Philly and land on a zombie infested suburban Pittsburgh mall. They clear it out and live it up a while (who wouldnt) living out every Americans fantasy. Then some bikers come and crash the party and they have to defend their claim. A classic examination of Americas' love of out of control consumerism, at the same time taking note of how savage mankind can be in a time of peril (the apartment raid in the beginning is a prime example. Basic human rights and dignity is non-existent, primarily to the government and law enforcement)This film also captures the horror and mass confusion of the situation and effectively conveys this throughout the beginning of the film. Although the zombies are kind of a second rate nuisance more or less (slow, bumbling etc.) they are still a force to be reckond with. decent acting all around, a must see Romero film that still holds up to this day.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road placed at number 14 on the recent top 500 Rolling Stone greatest ever list,while Zep 1 placed at 29 and Zep 11 placed at number 75!Clearly the best album from 1969,with the only other competition coming from the Beatles themselves...Road rules!!!
B00008MZ0N|1.0|This movie is complete poo! Nice cars, and women are the only reason why this film got a star. A completely dreadful storyline, and the acting wasnt much better either. Steer clear of this.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Beatles 1 is currently at the number 1 position on billboards pop catalog position,in its 178th week of being released! Unbelievable,incredible,but true,the beatles still breaking records in 2004!!!
B00003CXRM|5.0|This movie in my eyes parallels the best movies in all times.  From the characters, to the time and plot. This movie is perfect in all aspects. Watching this movie and reading The Odyssey fit together as well as Pink Floyd and The Wizard of Oz. To Coen Brothers have produced yet another piece of exquist art with O Brother, Where Art Thou?, taking a book and reproducing it in a &quot;modern&quot; time that many people can relate to. Having these characters go through more realistic hardships instead of mythological beasts and hardships. In my opinion, O Brother is a most excellent film....I give it 5 Stars.
B00013RC9I|4.0|Air are 2 French men ( Jean-Benoit Dunckel et Nicolas Godin...they may pronounce it \\"Hair\\") who successfully tread the fine line that keeps electronic music from slipping into Muzak.  The name \\"Air\\" is, how you say, apropos because their music seems to float on it.  They create a heady froth by interfusing `real' instruments with computerized and `real' human voices with electronically distorted and, who knows, maybe fake ones. What makes it all so listenable is their gentle and imaginative hand(s) and, primarily, their attraction to melody.  It's all quite lovely, really, occasionally a bit boring, but, at times, intoxicating and insidious. The background score to your own movie. See if you don't find yourself whistling the riff from `Alpha Beta Gaga' when you least expect it.
B00005Y7L4|5.0|&quot;Battle Royale&quot; is a superb film, subtle and sad and over-the-top and loud all at the same time.  The story is often compared to &quot;Lord of the Flies,&quot; but that is a bit of a misnomer.  &quot;Lord of the Flies&quot; was about reverting to primitivism, whereas &quot;Battle Royale&quot; is a futuristic cautionary tale in the tune of &quot;1984&quot; and &quot;Brave New World.&quot;  The caution at work here is the threat of absolute bureaucracy, and the dangers of the loss of the value of life and respect in a rules-dominated society.  This is a threat quite apparent in modern Japan.<br />The actors in &quot;Battle Royale&quot; all deliver excellent performances, including the amazing talent &quot;Beat&quot; Takeshi Kitano playing the appropriately named &quot;Kitano.&quot;  The film was not directed by Takeshi however, so it lacks his beautiful visual style.  It does however feature one of his riveting paintings. There is a good range of responses from the various actors playing the students, from outright suicide, to panic, to a drive to win to a drive to help.  Unfortunately, the character of Kazuo Kiriyama (the machine gun boy) is woefully underdeveloped, and instead of the fierce, cold genius of the book he is a somewhat characterless villain.<br />While a violent film, I wouldn't characterize &quot;Battle Royale&quot; as an action film per se.  Anyone looking for a Hong Kong-style action film should realize that Japan and China are quite different countries with different approach to movies..  &quot;Battle Royale&quot; retains the quietude and patient pacing that is the hallmark of Japanese cinema, and which leaves some viewers bored, who are used to a quicker pacing.  The bloodshed, while in great quantity, is also more cartoony in nature, which is also more typical of Japanese films, which does not favor a naturalistic approach.<br />I think some familiarity with problems in modern Japan (ie: school violence, overwhelming bureaucracy) gives some necessary perspective to this controversial movie, and helps frame it as more than exploitation.  It is a political statement, with a subtle message underlying the overt violence.  Along with this, knowledge of Japanese culture deepens the understandings of certain scenes, such as when Kitano performs the prescribed exercises, and the training video shown at the beginning.  Without understanding, these scenes might come off as merely quaint or odd.some necessary perspective to this controversial movie, and helps frame it as more than exploitation.  It is a political statement, with a subtle message underlying the overt violence.  Along with this, knowledge of Japanese culture deepens the understandings of certain scenes, such as when Kitano performs the prescribed exercises, and the training video shown at the beginning.  Without understanding, these scenes might come off as merely quaint or odd.
B00009V7RF|4.0|After watching them do what we thought was one of the best performances on this year's Grammy's Show and after their street cred was validated by a happening, teenage acquaintance of ours, we went out and bought this latest selection by The Black Eyed Peas.  This is yet another dose of eclectically influenced hip-hop music in the vein of Outkast and Wyclef Jean.  The multi-ethnic, bi-gendered composition of the group makes for a dynamic mix.  The hard-edged rap of the men is cushioned comfortably by the female rapper/singer who goes by the name of Fergie.  Fergie is new to the group and is the likely reason they finally captured our ear.  She is a chameleonic vocalist who seems to morph from song to song, from Alicia Keys to Mary J. Blige to Lauryn Hill to Nelly Furtado.  Her presence not only rounds out the vocal arrangements but, though she is not one of the primary lyricists, adds a female point of view.  While the lyrics are not always politically correct (with catch phrases like `Let's get retarded', `Shut up', `We keep it stinky') they're never misogynic or hateful.  In fact, their playful sense of humor makes the music not only funky but funny.  Although there are a few cuts here that we fast forward through when, like many rap songs, the bass begins to pound within our head, not just without, and the rap seems to go on and on and on...each track has at least one captivating element, whether the sound of a Duane Eddy-style guitar line or a scrap of a Jobim  bossa-nova. The album builds to a grand finale, `Where is the Love', the one they did at the Grammy's, a preachy, catchy epic that seems to capture the essence of the band.  My teenage friend tells me the song was all over the radio last year (not to mention the Internet). Hip, it appears, we're not.
B00008J4P5|1.0|They have absolutely no talent and, other than &quot;7 Nation Army,&quot;  the songs suck.    The industry fawning is a backlash of fifty-year old industry execs against hip hop's global dominance (whether good or bad). In short, I've crapped out turds that were more musically gifted than the White Stripes.
B00018D44U|4.0|This album has already gone Titanium, we believe, and its creator has been written about and lauded enough that, if it weren't for a Federal statute requiring that we review it (something to do with her single-handedly rescuing the record industry and becoming synonymous-even more than my web site-with the term 'Adultpop'), we wouldn't. Not that it isn't another excellent album, it is.  Jones has simply created an extension of her milestone debut and seems to have pretty much assured us that this is generally what we can expect of her from here on in. Not that there's anything wrong with that. On second thought, at the risk of heresy, maybe there is. We have to admit that during the several times we have listened to this in the past few weeks, there have been moments when our attention has wavered and we have become (sssh) b-o-r-e-d. Maybe that's just us. For the most part the music is every bit as strong and soothing as her first album, just as earnest, just as restrained. The band is tight, the arrangements solid, the production intimate, Norah's piano a pleasure, her voice a velveteen treat. She continues to mix originals (by her, her friends and her bandmates) with covers (Tom Waits, Townes Van Zandt, Duke Ellington). Predictably, our favorite cut on the album is the one that is the biggest departure from her usual array of soothing ballads, the uptempo, country duet with Dolly Parton, &quot;Creepin' In&quot;. Although we certainly will not protest being able to put a cd of this high caliber on our stereo, here's hoping for a little more daring and juice on future recordings.
B0000B1OFL|4.0|You know don't let the fact that Mark Wahlberg is the leading-man in this movie throw you off, this is a worthy remake of the 1969 classic which starred Michael Caine (even though in a lot of aspects its very different). The story is still somewhat the same though. In Venice, Italy, a team of expert thieves pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold. One of the thieves betrays his companions and swipes the gold for himself. One year later, in Los Angeles, the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor<br />I was truly entertained with this movie because it kept on going the entire time, there was never really a break in the action and that is what I liked about it. The scene with the Mini Coopers has to be seen to be believed because it is truly something spectacular. <br />Jason Statham, Seth Green and Donald Sutherland are all extremely funny in their roles and the constant bickering going on between some of the characters is worth watching the movie alone, truly funny stuff. Whereas some of the other provide more comic relief Charlize Theron, Edward Norton and Wahlberg provide a more serious aspect.<br />All in all this a movie that will keep you entertained for the entire duration, it has humor, action and everything else you would expect from the sort of movie you simply watch to enjoy yourself, not to think too much. I can recommend this one and can almost assure you that you are going to enjoy it.
B0000CGV00|5.0|Helene Grimaud is one of the most mystifying pianists of our time. She has a connection with the music that seems to be so intimately part of its execution that you could imagine the composers waiting for her to play these pieces. There is a spiritual as well as thematic integration at work here among the selections. Corrigliano's piece bears its Beethoven 7th stamp in its heart and soul. Very much the essence of both Corr and Ludwig comes out in Grimaud's wonderful articulation. Turning then to Beethoven himself, she delivers The Tempest as though foretelling Corigliano. This infinite stance between two mirrors will ride with you long after you slip the CD back in its case. Helene finishes with Part, and the whole program is taken to another spiritual plain altogether. <BR>I can not think of another CD of extraordinary music that has moved me so strongly. The recording is absolutely pristine and intimate. This is Grimaud's territory and she commands this aura with a spiritual depth and vision as few others ever have. It's going to be tough to come up with a more devastatingly beautiful CD than this.
B00008EY9G|5.0|Identity is one of my favorite movies of recent time. I remember it fondly when I went to see in the theaters and left there absolutely shocked, but in a good way I was so surprised at what I had just seen. Now this movie is not for everyone, if your idea of thrills come from say Friday the 13th where it's just slash and kill slash and kill then Identity is probably not for you (not that there is anything wrong with slasher flicks of course) Identity is a psychological thrillers where you have to pay attention for almost the entire movie or you are going to be clueless as to what is going on, I think a comparison can be drawn to the movie Se7en, you have to pay attention. The movie drew me in right from the start and never let go.<br />Story: A group of different people wind up at a run down motel in rainstorm and eventually people start dying. There doesn't appear to be any link to the strangers until they find out that they all have a common link John Cusak is really good in his role and I found a new bit of respect for Amanda Peet, she was also rather entertaining to watch. The director (James Mangol) makes sure that you never really get a chance to relax, he makes sure something is happening the entire movie, that is in my opinion what truly keeps your entertained.<br />The ending is definitely a weird one but if you keep on paying attention then it will make sense if you truly think about it. A lot of people were complaining about the ending but I liked it, something new and refreshing. I can truly recommend this movie and suggest that you pick it up if you get a chance.
B0001HAHXW|4.0|First thing, Clapton, like B B King, has too often mass marketed a much ballyhooed reputation for essentially Vegas like endeavours, all Siefried and Roy and no Tiger. That is categorically not the case here. Perhaps it is the loss of his friend, George Harrison (who always seemed to bring out the best in Eric, even posthumously in THE CONCERT FOR GEORGE), perhaps it is the subtle and sublime triumph of the CD &amp; DVD ONE MORE RIDER, but whatever, Clapton has turned in one of the most elegantly understated and sophisticated homages to his mentor that could be conceived and executed by anyone. This disc is a triumph on every level. This CD ranks up there with his first solo effort, the R&amp;B rave ERIC CLAPTON, which chronicled the highlights of his association with Delaney and Bonnie, and laid the groundwork for DEREK and his ill-fated dominoes.<BR>The support work of Preston, Low, East and Gadd is as on as they have ever been. No doubt, having worked so beautifully on the Harrison tribute, that same commitment and energy oozes through every track. Preston, in particular, is absolutely perfect in evoking Booker T. Throw in Muddy Waters accomplice Jerry Portnoy on harp, and the whole eneterprise is one of the most satisfying blues projects in recent memory.<BR>So, for the die hard nostaligically challenged Domino fans, face it Allman and Radle and Whitlock are dead (I like Andy Low more anyway), Gordon is bouncing off the rubber walls. Winwood has made no sign that he wants to reconvene BF, and Mayall and Clapton have long ago outgrown each other. Clapton never thought he was God, and in this project, he does not presume to be as mighty as Johnson. Instead, he has delivered as honest and soulful an interpretation as to what Johnson meant to him and his craft as you'll ever hear from anybody. Is there the sound of the Devil in Eric's playing? No. He grew out of that as well, and he had the good fortune of having the remarakable George Harrison as spiritual brotherall these years. You ain't gonna hear no hell hound. What you are going to hear is an absolute master at the peak of his powers delivering one of the best CDs of his career. <BR>Beautifully done, Eric. Sheer Genius.
0345457684|5.0|In the 25th Century, life and death have become controlled and a person can be &quot;resleeved&quot; into a new body. This and much more in this combination high-tech/cyberpunk with far-reaching galactic sci-fi make this as intriguing and entertaining a work as &quot;Foundation&quot;, &quot;Stranger in a Strange Land&quot;, &quot;Neuromancer&quot;, &quot;Snow Crash&quot;, &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot;, and &quot;Darkeye: Cyber Hunter&quot;. A definite must-read.
B00005JGAB|3.0|This is a great album... but the Ramones were not the first punk band, and anyone who tells you different shouldnt even be listening to punk.... if you want to roots, go back to the early 70s and last 60s and pick up iggy and the stooges, the MC5, and the new york dolls... but this album is really good... personal favorite is 53rd and 3rd... I also recommend getting the book, please kill me, it is like the punk bible.
B00006G8O1|5.0|Donnie Darko is a good movie if you're looking for a suspense flick.  The cover makes it look like a &quot;cheesy-horror,&quot; but it doesn't do it justice at all.<BR>Time travel is an interesting subject by itself and this movie uses it as the main theme.  It keeps you wondering what is going to happen all the way through the movie. <BR>This movie shocks you at the and keeps you at the edge of your seat throughout from the beginning to the end.  The ending is quick and is hard to figure out.  It is the kind of movie that you sit back and watch the end credits starring at the screen thinking about the ending...if you like those kinds of movies you should check it out!  I promise you won't be disappointed.  If nothing else, you can see Patrick Swayze not dancing.
B00005JLD4|4.0|Two years after seeing the movie, I can still recall the story. It was haunting to see what those kids had to go through but it was even more moving to see what they would do to get back to their families. Another memorable scene is when the a group of English ladies are shown a short presentation on how the program is helping the \\"mixed\\" children. There was even scientific data to support their claims. It's just a reminder of how we can always \\"justify\\" our cause no matter how outrageous it would eventually be a century later.    The movie itself is not as depressing as it sounds. Beautiful landscape sometimes makes one forget the tragedy that happened .. for a moment. In the end, I think you'll leave with the believe that love conquers all.
B000000WCA|5.0|I was looking through my old CD's the other day and I came across &quot;Spice&quot; from the Spice Girls. I popped it in my player and listened to one of my favorite elementary school CD's. I soon realized that the songs meant different things to me now that it is 2004 and not 1997. This CD still, now seven years later sounds great. The girls really shine on this album, especially Mel C and Emma. Even though the Spice Girls will probably never return as a complete group agian, it is okay to still listen to their CDs because the music is plenty good. I really enjoy the dance tunes like, &quot;Love Thing&quot;, the classic &quot;Wannabe&quot;, and &quot;Who do you think you Are?&quot;. There are also some real good mid-tempo and ballad songs on this album. My faves are &quot;Say you'll be there and &quot;2 become 1&quot;. Give this album a chance, you won't regret it.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Directors have always talk about movies that move the audience. Quentin seems to do it without trying. I am changed forever after watching the movie.    To tell you the truth, I hate violence. I close my eyes through most action movies. But Kill Bill was different. Very different. Besides being very entertaining and very well made, there was much more. As Quentin said in one of his interviews, there is a story behind every character. He may choose not to tell it in the movie but it are there in his mind. The characters in Kill bill exist in Quentin's world.     I walked out of the theatre energized and feeling empowered. Buried in tons of fake blood and limbs, there was a message. I don't know if anyone got the same one but mine was that women can be powerful if only we stopped giving ourselves excuses. If Quentin can imagine such a world, why can't we?    It's funny that it look that many bodycounts to convince me.
0440238609|5.0|Mr. pullman has created a believable world where young and old can escape.  I am so glad that I bought the entire set so that I did not have to wait to go from one book to the next.  The rich characters in this book are still very vivid in my mind even though months have gone by since I read the trilogy.  This is a series that I will read many times.  I find myself imagining what my daemon would have been.
B00005JMJ4|1.0|First, I would like to say that I'm a big fan of the french new wave and Stanley Kubrick. I think I can appreciate an &quot;art&quot; movie. However: <br />1. Lost In Translation is a wannabe French film. It has nothing going for it. Of course it is very boring and pretentious, but that does not make it art. <br />2. The acting is HORRIBLE, Sofia Coppola is the first director to get a boring and unfunny performance from Bill Murray, there is no chemistry at all between Scarlett Johannson and Bill Murray. <br />3. Dumb people like to feel smart too. That's why so many morons go around saying they like this film. <br />This film is so shallow and empty, there's really nothing to say about it, other than IT'S REALLY BORING, THE CINEMATOGRAPHY IS HORRIBLE AND THE ACTING SUCKS. <br />Nice try Sofia, I guess you've proven that talent is not genetic.
0375704027|5.0|Norwegian Wood tells the story of Toru, a 20-ish University student living in Tokyo.  Toru is devoted to Naoko, the girlfriend of his deceased best friend.  Toru and Naoko find each other in Tokoyo a year or so after the death of their friend.  They are both lonely, living in a big new city, trying to make a new start of a life tainted by loss.  They need each other and on Naoko's birthday their emotional need turns to physical need and desire.  Their happiness together is short lived, as Naoko's feelings of confusion drive her to check into a facility where Naoko is able to retreat further into herself.<br />Meanwhile, back in Tokyo Toru meets Midori.  She cooks for him and becomes the friend he didn't have and the friend he desperatley needed.  As the story continues Toru finds himself drawn more and more to Midori, yet he can't escape the loyalty and love he has for Naoko.<br />This is a story of finding yourself and what you need.  It's a story of loyalty, of love, of guilt, of pleasure.  The pleasure it gives to the reader is unavoidable, the language it uses is lovely and makes you feel each emotion Toru experiences as if it were you experiencing it.  <br />Title after a Beatle song full of emotion, this book more than lives up to the high standard it's title gives.
B00005U122|5.0|Light some candles, turn off the lights and sit back with your honey, close your eyes &amp; crank up the sound. You'll swear your listening to the original group.This DVD will blow you away. If your a Pink Floyd fan, then you need to have this as part of your collection. This show rocks. Excellent sound and picture quality.
0375704027|5.0|Norwegian Wood tells the story of Toru, a 20-ish University student living in Tokyo.  Toru is devoted to Naoko, the girlfriend of his deceased best friend.  Toru and Naoko find each other in Tokoyo a year or so after the death of their friend.  They are both lonely, living in a big new city, trying to make a new start of a life tainted by loss.  They need each other and on Naoko's birthday their emotional need turns to physical need and desire.  Their happiness together is short lived, as Naoko's feelings of confusion drive her to check into a facility where Naoko is able to retreat further into herself.<br />Meanwhile, back in Tokyo Toru meets Midori.  She cooks for him and becomes the friend he didn't have and the friend he desperatley needed.  As the story continues Toru finds himself drawn more and more to Midori, yet he can't escape the loyalty and love he has for Naoko.<br />This is a story of finding yourself and what you need.  It's a story of loyalty, of love, of guilt, of pleasure.  The pleasure it gives to the reader is unavoidable, the language it uses is lovely and makes you feel each emotion Toru experiences as if it were you experiencing it.  <br />Title after a Beatle song full of emotion, this book more than lives up to the high standard it's title gives.
B000002OZY|5.0|&quot;Tommy&quot; is one of the best and most thoughtful albums of all time. The Who really out-did themselves when they made &quot;Tommy.&quot; The music is highly listenable, showing qualities of mainstream music. At the same time though, the music, the lyrics, the ideas, could all take you places when listened to. Just the concept of a Rock Opera was unheard of, and unimaginable before The Who stepped in and paved the way. I definitely recomend &quot;Tommy&quot; to all ages and tastes. Only The Who could write an Opera about a &quot;Deaf, dumb and blind boy [who] sure plays a mean pinball.&quot;
0156027321|5.0|Let us first get the negatives out of the way:<br />(1) Yes, you may find that the book is not about &quot;anything much.&quot; If you are the sort of person who wishes to tie a novel to a chair and force a definitive plot out of it, then you'll be disappointed.<br />(2) Martel usually gets into a refrain about theological banalities, and for me, they were a bit difficult to trudge through without skimming. Good news is, you won't miss much even if you skim past such sections (only a few of them.)<br />(3) The book admittedly drags a little at the end.<br />That said, I have to confess that this brilliant long-story debut from Martel is a tour-de-force in contemporary fiction. Apart from his extraordinary command of language -- imagine a full-fledged novel without any discernible plot that still manages to grab you by the scruff of your neck for 300 odd pages -- the situations that his narrative veers around are both original and whacky, so you can expect frequent traces of restrained but intelligent humor, and almost a persistent undercurrent of themes that evoke ruminations.<br />But the thing that shines above all are its lovable characters, who are suffused with such neotenous wonder that reading about them is a fresh experience, a sparkling look at our habitual assumptions about religion, about zoos and the wilderness, about the ambiguous bounds of freedom, or even about -- gulp! -- God.<br />Almost anyone with a heart and a flair for thought can savour this novel. Do yourself a favor and get a piece of this Pi. Or share it with someone you love, it'd make for a very thoughtful gift..
B000002LIX|5.0|The editorial reviewer must not have been paying attention!<br />Often times, classical music is so artistic that it insights visions and colors (timbre).  Very rarely does Rock-n-Roll reach this level of artistic achievement.  Following Jane's evolution from the raw, unbridled energy of their self-titled live album to the energy/art mix of Nothing's Shocking was exciting.  It could have only been topped off with an amazingly artistic, yet hard-biting sound as Ritual de lo Habitual delivers.<br />Three Days is interwoven with dreamy, yet unexplainably heavy guitar work that only Dave Navarro could have pulled off with his unique style.  Then She Did is an epic piece of work that defies classification.<br />The songs are never formulaic (possibly with the exception of Been Caught Stealing), and are a pure treat for fans of artistic music and instrumentation.<br />Jane's will show themselves to be one of the most influential Rock bands of the 90's and beyond.  Give a lot of credit to a band that broke through the monotony of 80's pop to create a new style that many bands have tried and will continue to try to model for many years to come - truly revolutionary!<br />5 stars is not enough for this album!
B00008PW2D|4.0|I didn't give this season a 5 because of its shortness.  I wasn't expecting much since most the reviewers did not enjoy this season as much as other ones.  However, I managed to laugh and aww through all eight episode even though I didn't plan to.  Granted, this was a recovery (or rebuilding) season: Carrie's breakup, Miranda's pregnancy, Sam's 'love', and Charlotte's separation/divorce.  To me, this season was realistic and deep, a transition phase that you have to appreciate.  The characters grew, and as a viewer I felt like I was right there with them.  (...)  If you're looking for lots of sex scenes and multiple partners, then this isn't the season for you.  But if you love the four girls and want to keep following their lives, this isn't something you want to miss.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Hi, I am a big Quentin Tarantino fan. Kill Bill Vol. 1 is a great movie filled with action, intense fight scenes, and yet humorous in some parts of the film. The action scenes in this movies were incredible. Although I don't think this is Tarantino's best film it's still up there. Uma Thurman's character gets beat up by a squad while she was pregnant on her wedding day and then seeks revenge on them. If you have not seen this film I recommend that you do. This is probably the best movie I have seen for a while. And I am bumped for Vol. 2! I hope this helped you out some.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|I've read too many bad reviews of this CD, mostly from self-proclaimed &quot;purists.&quot; I don't believe very many people complained when Clapton recorded Crossroads with Cream, and also solo. They were too busy calling Clapton &quot;god.&quot; I love to listen to and play blues with friends. I bought original blues recordings mostly because of people like Eric Clapton, who pointed them out. Other than Clapton, I can't think of one individual pointing out the original composers for us to do our record hunting any better. Now I'm a fan, but I also play with a few friends every now and then. Now when I started playing back in the early seventies, had you handed me the Original Johnson recordings, I'd have put them aside and not understood them for quite a while. Had you handed me this latest release by Clapton, I would have paid attention, as I did when I heard all the blues and R&amp;B from the 60s and 70s. In other words, let the purists have their Johnson boxed set, and all the other originals they want (I've got them too). I like to hear good interpretations. Sometimes, guess what, the interpretated recording is actually BETTER than the original. And this is what we have here. A great interpretation of the original Johnson. If you want to begin getting into the blues, this is a great place. If you are looking for new ways to perform Johnson's blues with a contemporary sound, this is also a great place. I thoroughly enjoy every track, and look forward to jamming with my friends on some of these.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|I started off looking at the DVDs as a skeptic, based on a roomate's recommendation, and have ended up a fan, looking forward to the upcoming 2005 movie (an inspiring story, by the way).  As many have said, the show's strength is in the writing and the cast chemistry, plus innovative editing, timing, and pacing.  <br />This may be the &quot;21st-century&quot; Star Trek, in that a quickly canceled TV show becomes a franchise.  I look forward to future developments
B00005JMEW|5.0|This movie rocked!  Plain and simple, if you like the look of an independent film with the art of a samurai, blood, decapitations, deception, and brutal killing sprees this is the movie for you.<BR>It is chock full of red-gory goodness.  Long story short, a lady seeks revenge with 5 specific people and the movie is about her getting revenge by killing each and everyone of them.  You'll be hooked with the opening scene of the movie...fantastic.  Not to mention the music for the movie is fantastic!
B00005T30L|5.0|Enid and Rebecca are partners in a \\"you and me against the world of phonies\\" pact, but as they move past high school, Rebecca endeavors to join the mainstream, while Enid opts out.  Of the two of them, Enid is marked.  Her fierce, but almost off-handed intelligence, droll put-ons, and sarcastic wit singles her out and the movie lets us in on her loneliness.  This film is brilliant.  We see young girls [and boys] like this all around us.  In fact, we've all but turned our popular culture over to them.  We worship the young, hip, disaffected point of view.  But, this movie lets us see that Enid, for all of her acidic wit, is just a little girl.  Remember when you identified yourself by posing yourself against everything you hated?  Enid is stuck there.  It's part of what makes her funny and attractive, but this is a stance not easily worn by a \\"grown up.\\"  She meets up with a true outsider in 40 year old Seymour.  Seymour, though he hates phoniness and middle class values, is identified by his love; he's a music collector.  He collects old 78's.  Enid makes an awkward and touching effort to connect with him, throwing herself at him, finally bedding him. In that moment, the film lets you realize as she does that for all of her poses and intelligence, she's not ready to make this kind of step into adulthood.  When Rebecca asks her to join in a ruse to appear as successful young women so they can rent an apartment, Enid dyes her hair green and sports a black leather jacket.  Enid squirms on the same line Holden Caufield straddled in Catcher in the Rye.  The sense of what is lost when one grows up.  Seymour, though an outsider, is self-reflective enough to be wary of his place in a community of what he calls, \\"geeky collector losers\\" but, he has a place in a community.  Enid, clinging to her youthful rebellion, has no community.  Not even with her friend Rebecca.  She's the eternal outsider, with all of the positives and negatives the film outlines.  In this light, the film's ending, though a little jarring, makes perfect sense.  It's the only ending possible and it leaves you to ponder Enid's future.  Where will she go?  What will she do?  Do we want her to change?  If she were to change, what would she lose and what would she gain?  This film is funny, touching, and leaves us with a lot of pertinent questions.
B00005JME0|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen.it is very exiting and right when you think you can guess what is coming up next there will be a twist.Ashton Kutcher is exelent in this film he is very believeble.Word of advise to anyone who sees this movie don't eat during the movie,expecially those of a weak stomach.This movie is rated R for sexual content,drug use,adult content,adult language,animal cruelty,child pornography,breif nudity,and lots of blood.
B000005JA8|1.0|You won't get it on the last time that you hear this album either!<br />It's an empty vessel, devoid of music and art, and waiting for a crew of buffoons to falsely endow it with an air of mystery and bohemianism.  I'd just like to suggest that you could, more justifiably, interpret this album as nothing.  There's nothing to get except the sense that beefheart is laughing at your ignorant, naive, trusting a**es all the way to the bank.  BEEFHEART ADMITTED THAT HE SET OUT TO MAKE THE MOST UNLISTENABLE GARBAGE ALBUM EVER - the result is trout mask replica.  Read some some of his interviews before you write another fatuous review proclaiming it the greatest album of time!<br />This isn't an album, it's a prank, and pretending to like it makes you the victim.
B00006CXSS|5.0|The ads for 'Band of Brothers' state that 'you will never be the same after watching this miniseries', and they are right.  Scenes tend to stick with you; the artillery barrage in the Ardennes during the Battle of the Bulge (with one soldier being badly wounded, and his cohort suffering the same fate while trying to help him).  A young Medic befriends a Belgian nurse in a church, only to later find the building she was treating the wounded in destroyed - and her most likely dead.<br /><br />This is as real as a war film can get.  It has the same look that 'Saving Private Ryan' had.  The airborne drops, the artillery, the gruesome wounds, the pain and fear held within until the battle is over.  'Brothers' grabs and shakes you - this is something like what our WWII veterans carry inside them.  The memory of dead friends, the fear of making new ones because they will most likely die fast due to lack of combat experience.<br /><br />My dad was one of those soldier/brothers; he fought in that poor sister to the famous D-Day campaign in France: Italy.  It was a filthy, slogging mess, with vicious fighting in such places as Salerno, Anzio, and Monte Cassino.  Italy was the first place American soldiers confronted the Germans on the European Continent, but was placed on the back burner after June 6, 1944.<br /><br />War is indeed a terrible thing - just ask our young men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan today.  It is not glorious or wonderful.  It is bloody, murderous hell.  It is long periods of boredom interrupted by moments of high adrenaline, sheer terror.  It is devotion to those Brothers and Sisters around you - and it is carrying the crystal clear memories of all of it for the rest of your life here on earth.  And 'Band of Brothers' comes as close as possible to actually being there with them.<br /><br />Thanks, Tom Hanks, Steven Spielberg, and all those involved in bringing us this most striking example of filmmaking.  It is a piece of American history that all citizens present and future should see.  It is the price of freedom that so many take for granted.uld see.  It is the price of freedom that so many take for granted.
B000035Z3K|5.0|Universal's classic film Dracula (1931) staring Bela (Dracula) Lugosi, Edward Van (Van Helsing) Sloan, and Dwight (Renfield) Frye is the film that started all the monster mayhem! No, this film doesn't have all the gore, fangs, nudity, and visuals that some of the later Dracula movies (like the horrible Hammer movies) had, but what it did have was it's ability to scare, cast performences, and plot.<br />Renfield (Dwight Frye) is on his way to Castle Dracula, despite warnings of the locals of the evil that awaits him. Dracula (Bela Lugosi) turns Renfield into his slave and heads to England where he continues to feast on the blood of the innocent. Why must he drink blood? The answer is because &quot;He never drinks...wine.&quot;<br />Van Helsing (Edward Van Sloan) learns of Dracula's evil deeds and sees to it that he stops Dracula before he ruins anyone else's life and destroy's anyone else's soul.<br />This is a must see film for any and all movie fans...not just horror fans, but movie fans. Tod Browning's Dracula set the standards for movies for decades to come. Some people like to give the credit of the silent film Nosferatu as the pioneer Dracula film, and maybe it was in some aspecs, but Universal's 1931 classic has the best cast and plot in a Dracula film to date, and Bela Lugosi is the one and only true Dracula forever.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|It is no secret that Clapton's life as a musician has been heavily influence by the blues. As a matter of fact, Clapon is probably the &quot;blues purist&quot; of the 60's trio of Clapton, Beck and Page and, in one way or the other, each musical project in which Clapton has been involved revolves around the blues. <br />Also, Clapton has stated tha the work of Robert Johnson is pivotal in his love for the blues. This delta singer is probably the biggest influence in Clapton's guitar work.<br />Also, Clapton returned in the 90's with mission to return to the blues or to a blues influence style since his Journeyman album. This was followed by other blues influenced works as Unplugged, From the Cradle, Riding with the King and now Me &amp; Mr Johnson.<br />Therefore, this record has to be seen as part of a process in which the artist has reviewd and presented to its audience his vision of the blues.<br />With that in mind this record is outstanding. Clapton is not set to provide a guitar album based on exact note by note copy of Johnson music but to present a fresh and updated version of songs that were recorded 80 years ago by just a man and his acoustic guitar!. The songs still remain true to the style and craftmanship of Johnson guitar work but are augmented by the use of a full electric blues band. As always, this is the best back up band in the world that Calpton can have (Andy Fairwheather-low, Nathan East, Steve Gadd, Billy Preston, Doyle Braham II, etc). <br />I regret a bit that Clapton was not &quot;purist&quot; enough to record an entire acoustic album true to Johnson's original recordings but the results are simple and direct and true to Claptons blues career.
B00000JMOF|5.0|Frankenstein (1931) is the second of many classic monster movies made by Universal Studios, and in my opinion it is simply the best. Although many people may argue that The Bride of Frankenstein (1935) was a better movie, I think Frankenstein is the best monster movie ever made!<br />This film has lightning, atmosphere, plot, and character. James Whale directed this film (as well as Bride of Frankenstein and The Invisible Man) and did a wonderful job with it. It is too bad Rowland V. Lee couldn't do the same for Son of Frankenstein (1939). It is pretty scary too. The scene where Frankenstein throws Little Maria into the water and drowns her is a very touching scene, because you really don't know who you want to feel sorry for more...Maria of Frankenstein. Sure Maria is a little girl and drowned, but Frankenstein didn't mean murder and now he lives with what he had done.<br />Frankenstein (Boris Karloff) is a monster, created by Dr. Henry Frankenstein (Colin Clive), and doesn't really know his place in the world. The monster doe not even know who he really is.<br />Despite warnings from Dr. Waldman (Edward Van Sloan), Henry Frankenstein lets his monster live, and the monster winds up murdering people. Henry Frankenstein joins a large group of people who set out to kill the monster. They wind up burning the building down, where the monster is hiding. They destroy the monster with murder on his hands, but innocence in the mind...for now.<br />Frankenstein is really the film that got me into the Universal monsters. It is just pure perfection. Despite being somewhat funny and having a developed character in the sequal, the monster in this origional classic really makes you feel bad for him, because he does not mean any harm, but he simply does not know his own strength, at least in Maria's case.
B00005A0V0|5.0|please don't listen to some of the other reviews of this album who say its boring or too long.if you are mature enough to appreciate good musicianship and good melody than this is a must buy.the 22 minute track is how they did it sometimes in those days and its refreshing in this day and age to hear.it rocks.it is easy going at times but still very enjoyable.
0920668372|5.0|How sad to think that some people cannot see the difference between reality and fiction.<BR>I recently purchased this book for my daughter in law to give to our grandson,but upon reading it, realized that it understood the depth of a mothers love for her children and grandchildren regardless of how old they are. I have decided to purchase 2 more copies for my other grown up children to keep for when they too have children of their own. I'm sure they all will enjoy this book for what it simply is : A Mothers Lifelong Love For Her Child Regardless of Age,Understanding That He Will Have The Same Love For His Children That She Has Passed Onto Him Or Her.
B0001I55OC|1.0|I thought the new version of The Time Machine was bad, but this far exceeds even THAT turkey. Rent the original Time Machine, Time After Time, Timecop or look for the old Time Tunnel TV series, but PASS ON THIS ONE. Don't even rent it!
0312995423|1.0|I haven't been able to get past the first fifth of this book because the plot elements hinge on a series of innacuracies and unbelivable situations.  I understand that this is supposed to be fiction, but my suspension of disbelief will only carry me so far.  You cannot write a book about the NSA without a clear understanding of cryptography.  Sure, maybe you gloss over the details to the readers, but you don't feed them misinformation about what can and can't be done.  You don't have the characters mutter things like 'Bergofsky Principle' and 'Biggleman's Safe' to cover your ignorance.  The antagonist presented in the beginning of the book comes across like some sort of Lex Luthor charicature, and all the main characters so far seem to think of personal privacy and freedom as some sort of cancer that might detract from the eternal hunt for terrorism.  Politics, science, characters.... nothing to see here.
B0000AXE8I|4.0|Many of you were very dissapointed in the 2nd instalment in the Matrix trilogy.  I was also in that group, until I watched it again.  After seeing it the second time, I began to really understand and appreciate it.  Other than the discusting sex scene there is really nothing wrong with this movie.<br />Matrix Reloaded mainly focuses on Zion which was mentioned a few times in the first Matrix.  In this movie we really get to see what Zion is.  Zion is the last human city on earth.  It is far below ground where the machines can't get...until now.  We see that there are many ships besides Morpheus's Nebucunezzer and they all have the same goal in mind....free as many minds from the Matrix as they can and also end the war between humans and the machines.  Morpheus believes that Neo is the one that will end the war, but many others in Zion do not share his beliefs.  After talking to the oracle again, Neo figures out that the oracle is just another computer program and now questions whether or not the oracle is there to help him or destroy him.  In the meantime Agent Smith, whom Neo seemed to have destoyed in the original Matrix is back.  It seems that Neo did not destory Smith, instead he freed Smith from the Matrix and now Smith is no longer \\"working\\" for the Matrix.  To top this off, Smith has discovered a way to copy himself so their are many agent Smiths looking to destory Neo.  The ending of this movie is a cliff hanger and leaves us with more questions than answers.<br />This movie though not as good as the first, is a nessecary installment in the trilogy.  We see the ultimate goal of the human race and it does not focus on Neo as much as the original one did.  The fight scenes are still done very well, though there was one unessacary fighting scence.  Hugo Weaving does a phenomonal job portraying agent Smith.  In a couple of places the acting is a bit corny however overall, the acting is done very well.<br />When I first saw this movie, I did not like it very much, but after watching it again, I really enjoyed it, and really see nothing wrong with the movie.  The only thing I absolutely hated about the movie was the sex scence, which was pretty discusting and drawn out entirely too long.  This scene served no purpose in the movie, so a simple scene of Trinity and Neo kissing then a fade out would have been sufficient.  Other than that this was a great movie and a good lead into the final movie., but after watching it again, I really enjoyed it, and really see nothing wrong with the movie.  The only thing I absolutely hated about the movie was the sex scence, which was pretty discusting and drawn out entirely too long.  This scene served no purpose in the movie, so a simple scene of Trinity and Neo kissing then a fade out would have been sufficient.  Other than that this was a great movie and a good lead into the final movie.
0446677450|2.0|First, I've taken a liking to recently reading books re: personal finance and investing.  This book, though, only tells you how to make money after already having it.  Not all of us can go to the bank and get a &quot;$7000 certified check&quot; to create an &quot;investment property.&quot;  Kiyosaki sounded stuffy and stuck on making money off of other people, using them in a way that made me dislike this style of promoting wealth.<br />In his defense, Kiyosaki does lay out some key advice in terms of how and when (after they pay themselves) corporate America pays taxes.  Also, the part about Manhattan is pretty sweet. He has some good diagrams and quotes; nevertheless, they (quotes) still sound hackneyed and tired.  (You can find them in every finance book: &quot;Winners aren't afraid of losing&quot; ; &quot;Failure is part of success&quot; etc. Yawn.)  <br />If you have an excess of money you can burn, his ideas MAY work for you--if, however, you don't have that extra $50,000 in your savings account, this book will not help you as much as some others.  Don't waste your time.  Or, how about this: just save it for light reading on the airplane or at the beach--this way, at least you will look important and intelligent and, most important, wealthy.  <br />My best advice though: buy the book now, hang onto it, sell it in 10 years, put your capital gains into your 1031 tax-deferred exchange, then buy a larger, more expensive book!!
B00000K19E|5.0|Now that all 3 movies in the Trilogy are out. I will review each one.<br />This Matrix is the first installment in the Matrix trilogy.  It focuses on Thomas Anderson aka NEO.  Neo is a software developer by day, computer hacker by night. He knows that there is something wrong with the world but can't quite figure out what it is.  When he meets Morpheus he decides he wants to know what the Matrix really is.  After Neo finds out he does not believe his eyes. Towards the middle of the movie, NEO finally comes to grips that the Matrix is just a computer program that humans are plugged into while the machines live off of them.  After knowing this NEO slowly discovers that he can do superhuman things while in the Matrix because the Matrix world is not &quot;real&quot;.<br />Many of you already seen the movie so there is no need for me to go into much more detail about the plot.  But I will say that this is one of the best movies I have seen in a long long time.  After figuring out what the Matrix really was, I was blown away by the original storyline, and I began to think to myself &quot;what if the world I'm living in is like the Matrix?&quot;  I have seen this movie at least 20 times, and I never get tired of it.  The speical effects and fighting scenes are nothing short of spectatcular.  This is a must have title for your collection.  I can't believe anyone would give this movie anything less than 4 stars.  Its not your average movie and it does require some thinking to see what is actually going on.  If one does not really understand the storyline, then they will write this movie off as another action flick when in reality this movie goes so much deeper.  5 stars in my book!
630264366X|5.0|erik reitz review is incredibly bigoted and hostile toward catholics - however i wrote a review pointing this out and incredibly you don't post my review but retain his - another thing i've noticed that amazon allows bigoted views against western civ, christianity, catholicism, anglos, men, heterosexuals etc to be posted &amp; while some people will reply exposing this bigotry amazon runs the double standard of allowing unrestrained bigotry on one side while censoring the other side - you claim to moderate fairly yet what you do is allow left wing bigotry unchecked and the rest censored - amazon has presented a hostile evironment to the above mentioned censored majority of which i am a part - i cringe everytime i shop amazon's reviews that my sensibilities will not only be ignored but trampled and violated
B00005JKGZ|5.0|One of the first movie musicals where the music actually served to advance the plot, Meet Me in St. Louis is just about perfect.  The music fits with the plot so well that you hardly notice your watching a musical.  The trials and tribulations of an upper middle class family doesn't sound like much, but it's the simplicity of the story and the honesty with which it is told that makes this film work.  Director Vincent Minnelli captured the feel of early twentieth century American without resorting to cheap sentimentality.  The production is superior and the performances of the ensemble cast is uniformly excellent.  Judy Garland as Esther Smith never looked more beautiful and her voice shines through on &quot;The Trolley Song,&quot; &quot;The Boy Next Door,&quot; and &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas.&quot;  Garland's characterization is really quite amazing; you can't help falling in love with her.  Margaret O'Brien is adorable as the youngest of the Smith girls, nicknamed &quot;Tootie.&quot;  Mary Astor and Leon Ames are the perfect parents; Harry Davenport is the wonderful and wise grandfather; Lucille Bremer is thoroughly believable as the eldest of the Smith children; and Marjorie Main is great as the wise-cracking housekeeper.  A wonderful slice of Americana, Meet Me in St. Louis will have you wondering why they don't make movies like this anymore.  The DVD version is beautiful with plenty of extras, including a documentary on the making of the film.  One of the more interesting extras is the radio version of the movie featuring Garland, O'Brien, and Tom Drake (the boy next door himself).  A definite must for the serious movie fan.
B0001IN0DA|5.0|First of all...the \\"this was my first WWE PPV i ordered\\"...be quiet...wow..i read ur review there tough guy..u can't speak on WrestleMania...how can it be the best event u ever watched??...u watched One......but dont get me started on you.\\"i'll keep on going and going\\"..here is a Review from a REAL lifelong fan who orders EVERY WWE PPV..but i didn't order this one...i was there cuz it's too good not to be there....1)Cena vs. Show 7/10..Cena deserved a belt even though he is over without one...and him being the first match gave WMXX that special flow to kick it off..2)Raw Tag Match 5/10...RVD and Booker T need to be elevated...but hey we saw them do what they do best..3)Jericho vs. Christian..7/10..great 'wrestling' match...nice ending..wasn't Jericho a WM main-eventer about 2 years ago??..4)Rock N Sock vs. Evolution..9/10..Soo Entertaining..i am a huge Rock fan..and he didn't lose..Foley got pinned..we will see Rock again..nothing to say but a perfect handicap match..just watch it..5)Smackdown Tag Match..3/10...no one was into it...TWGTT should have won..Smackdown needs more Talent and Undertaker needs to be on every week..6)Cruiserweight Open..7/10 for their high-flying entertaining moves...but should have been longer..7)Goldberg vs. Brock Lesnar...8.5/10 perfect on paper i been waiting 2 years to see it...now im gonna bring Mr. KnowItAll into this...Jackhammer sucks huh..and 10 mins?...no it was 13:42...name 5 matches where Goldberg actually goes past 15 mins..he just simply Dominates..and how did Lesnar \\"definitely win that battle\\"??...the way i seen it...every time they test strength they both would fall...and...who won?...Exactly...Goldberg can take brock in real life in a fight...Martial Artist..studies it and is somewhat involved with UFC..and he was never gonna sue WWE...the original plan was for him to lose to Lesnar with help from Austin turning on him then later on Goldberg defeat Lesnar one on one...clean..lets see you take a Jackhammer let alone a 300 pounder dropping..only so many moves they have..they just dominate..8)Playboy Evening Gown..8/10 for lack of clothes..i like the ending with what Torrie does to Miss Jackie gotta see it..9)Victoria vs. Molly..6/10..good 'wrestling' match...Molly got her head shaved haha..10)Angle vs. Eddie..8/10..yet another great 'wrestling' match..but c'mon Eddie's push was so rushed..he is waay Overrated...11)Undertaker vs. Kane...how was it the \\"best match of the night\\"??...the match was not even 8 minutes long...WM14's was better..is Undertaker a biker-deadman or what....i am still waiting for The Deadman..12)HHH-HBK-Benoit..10/10...wow...SUPERB 'wrestling' match...Benoit deserves it...HBK got booed also you can hear it...great great Main Event...plus just the atmosphere of WMXX was just Phenomenal..i lived a dream to be there..Great PPV...and by the way u can buy it NOW on WWEshopzone.com...for most stores it comes out 4/27...Buy it..period
B000002MTR|5.0|I think that this is flea's best cd. On the tracks &quot;coffee shop&quot; and &quot;falling into grace&quot; he goes into the slapping solos which I find amazing. If you are a bass player this is a cd that you should buy.
B00005QGAZ|5.0|Lots of successes out there with no talent, but Jackson has it all. Mr. Cranky should ask his or her parent or guardian before using the computer or try the kid's section.
B000089RVX|4.0|I really love this album because the girl, Amy, has an AMAZING VOICE, and the songs are awesome. My favorite is everybodys fool. then my immortal...well all of them are awesome! i would most definitly buy it.
B00015HVI8|5.0|Season 6 is wrapping up several story lines from the previous season, due to the uncertany of the future.  It also has several really good stand alone episodes as well as the start of more great story archs, including the end of Teal'c's need of the simbiote in &quot;Changling&quot; which I can watch over and over. I am on staff for a si-fi convention in MO, and I'm on the warpath to get Christopher Judge as a guest.
0930289528|2.0|Maybe it's because of the failed aspect of some predictions (survival in a nuclear war), the &quot;gee whiz&quot; quotiant of the science (little of it makes sense), the troubling endorsement of anarchy (what?  that'll make everything better?), or the tired cliches (the dirty old priest, the narcissistic announcer, the power-hungry vamp, etc.), but this story doesn't have a lot going for it.  Sure, it delves into the ruthless terrorist against the oppresive regime motif, but he presses his POV with a hammer, and it leaves you wishing for more subtlety.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Are Star Wars Episodes IV, V, & VI great movies?  YES!!!  Are the Special Edition versions great movies?  In my mind, yes.  No, I was not happy with some of the editions made to these movies.  For example:  Greedo shooting first (by far the biggest blunder George Lucas made, aside from Jar Jar, in all six movies.)  I didn't read all the reviews so I don't know if anyone mentioned how the actual explosion of the Death Star in Episode IV was altered.  Personally, I like the original explosion better.  It may be a minor point to some, but it bothered the heck out of me.  Yet, I still must give these movies 5 stars.  If we didn't have the original versions to compare the Special Editions too, people would like them just the same (think about that for a second or two).    In response to a few previous reviews; Dune and Star Wars are ABSOLUTELY nothing alike.  Yes, I read ALL the Dune books and enjoyed them all, but to say Lucas copied Dune when he made Star Wars is ridiculous!  And another reviewer mentioned how a REAL moviemaker like Speilberg has never gone back an altered his works.  That reviewer has obviously not seen the NEW version of E.T. (Handguns mysteriously changing into walkie-talkies.)  Thank goodness neither of them got any funny ideas with the Indiana Jones series.    Bottom line is that the SE versions are still great movies.
020161622X|5.0|A friend of mine recommended this book to me a year ago and I finally got around to reading it. Not only do I wish I had taken him up on his recommendation immediately, I wish that I had read it years earlier. The book's subtitle &quot;from journeyman to master&quot; really sums it up nicely.<br />The book contains practical advice from experienced programmers that will help you become a more effective software developer. Unlike many books which dogmatically preach a specific methodology, this book focuses on (not-so-)common sense practices that are simple yet effective, as well as highlighting potential pitfalls to be avoided. Many of them can be applied to your own development process without requiring radical changes, while others will require team- or project-wide changes. Fortunately the nature of the recommended practices is such that you don't have to adopt all of them to be effective. You can pick and choose which ones are most appropriate and gradually incorporate them into your development process.<br />The range of topics covered is fairly broad, but the important themes are writing easy-to-maintain, reusable code, identifying and adjusting requirements quickly and effectively, managing large projects, and avoiding bad habits and developing good attitudes. Although I don't absolutely agree with everything the authors present, the justification they provide is thought stimulating and will probably change how you do things even if you don't consciously decide to adopt any of their practices.<br />I found the exercises (and their accompanying solutions) scattered throughout the book to be extremely useful in internalizing the principles being taught, as well as gauging how well I approach problem-solving. I'd highly recommend working through them as you read the book.<br />Finally, it's worth mentioning how enjoyable this book is to read. The authors' sense of humor and sprinkling of anecdotes make this an easy read without in any way detracting from the content.<br />If you're a brand new programmer, you probably won't appreciate many of the ideas presented in this book, but come back after you have a year or two of experience. Successful, experienced programmers will find that this book confirms many of the things you're already doing, while providing a lot of useful ideas to become even better. Even if you're not a programmer, but manage or otherwise work with programming teams, you'll find a lot of helpful information here. If there were one book I could require all of my coworkers to read, this would be it.tent.<br />If you're a brand new programmer, you probably won't appreciate many of the ideas presented in this book, but come back after you have a year or two of experience. Successful, experienced programmers will find that this book confirms many of the things you're already doing, while providing a lot of useful ideas to become even better. Even if you're not a programmer, but manage or otherwise work with programming teams, you'll find a lot of helpful information here. If there were one book I could require all of my coworkers to read, this would be it.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|This is the best sci fi series I have seen.  The show has a feel to it that must be experienced to be understood.  A mixture of sci fi and western with an excellent cast.  I would highly recommend this to anyone.
B0000640S3|5.0|IMAGINE REAGAN GIVING ALL THOSE TALIBAN NUT CASES ROCKETS TO SHOOT AT US 20 YEARS+ LATER...<br />EMBARRASSING!<br />IT'S ALMOST COMICAL TO SEE THE TALIBAN DISPLAYED AS HERO'S RIDING ALONG WITH RAMBO, WHEN NOW WE GET NON STOP EVIL DOER TALK ABOUT THEM.<br />OOOOPS, TODAY RAMBO WOULD BE SENT TO CUBA FOR BEING A TRAITOR. <br />THE MOVIE IS GOOD THOUGH, CHECK IT OUT LOTS OF GOOD ACTION, CEPT RAMBO IS NOW A TRAITOR...
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Okay, the music is great, wonderful, beautiful, but why does the CD have to install spyware on my PC?  Ridiculous!  Is it not enough that I have to run adaware every single day just from using the internet?  NO.  I have to do it after using Sarah McLachlans CD bonus features.  So if anyone is going to use the bonus features, I suggest that you don't, or that you uninstall it afterwords, then run spybot.  And while we are on the subject, the bonus features really suck.  You only get a half hour long random behind the scenes film on the set of the Fallen shoot, which is, if I may say so, retarded.  And then you get to see the Fallen video, like we all haven't already seen it on vh1 or her website.  And that's it.  Oh and you get to register on the little forum while the software installs sh** on your computer.  <BR>Okay, now that I've had my rant, let me get down to the music.  I loved it personally, for the most part.  World on Fire is one of my favorite songs, and it is my most highly recommended track.  And BTW, I don't think that it has to do with 9/11, and if it does, then I no longer like it.  (Artists should stick to art, not social or political issues), but I've never known Sarah to be like that.  Trainwreck is another good one, and Time is the other.  The rest of the songs are a little blah, I must admit, but if you're in a really moody, depressed, or any such EMO state of mind, then they are great.  The lamest song on the album, to me, is Push.  <BR>If you are looking to buy this, then I recommend that you do.  If you want it at all, that means you must be a Sarah fan, and if you are a Sarah fan, then you will most definately like this album.  And if you don't, then at least it is something new to listen to from your fav artist.  <BR>PS.-DO NOT INSTALL THE BONUS FEATURES
0609610570|1.0|Nothing really groundbreaking here.  Not surprising coming from Bossidy who did not &quot;Execute&quot; well at Honeywell either.
1592400876|3.0|&quot;The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation&quot; should be &quot;The Zero-Tolerance Approach to Punctuation.&quot;
B00004HYLF|5.0|I don't think I can say just how good this album is. It should be in the smithsonian. I have heard this album more times than i can count since it was first released in the 70's and I am still hearing new rifts. Have you ever heard somebody say when they listened to this &quot; I don't get it&quot; chances are they never will! but for those of us who do. its ear candy with a steak on the side. hey amazon got any extra stars lying around?
0812550706|3.0|3 stars is the lowest rating I have ever assigned, and although admittedly I have only written 11 reviews, I still feel guilty. Ender's Game, by Orson Scott Card, was engaging and more than adequate as science-fiction fodder...and although I'm sure there are some obtuse reviewers here who wrote something along the lines of &quot;if you didn't see the ending coming you're a moron!&quot; I concede that I did not see the ending coming, although I felt I should have guessed it.<br />In any case, the novel Ender's Game focuses around Andrew &quot;Ender&quot; Wiggin, an extremely precocious child who is sent to Battle School alongside other bright children. The setting of the book is the future, as with so many sci-fi novels, and aliens known as &quot;Buggers&quot; for their insectoid features (This would later be changed by Card in one of his later novels to &quot;Formic,&quot; a more intelligent, less juvenile name...but that is neither here nor there) have invaded Earth twice. The second invasion was barely stopped, and the Battle School is now being utilized to train new commanders for the next encounter.<br />Battle School revolves around a game which essentially translates to zero-gravity laser tag, although far more complex. The teachers and staff use the battle room to gauge the pupils' leadership ability and command skills- here Ender finds his calling. Despite being small and initially ridiculed, Ender works his way to the top.....but Battle School is just the beginning.<br />This book did not make me want to hole up in my room and read it all in one day, but it certainly was an engaging story...however, it is certainly not without flaws. For one, Ender is not terribly likeable, and also some of his actions in the novel are understandable, they merely serve to make us like Ender less. Moreover, Card juxtaposes Ender's story with the story of his sister and brother on earth, manipulating people on the home planet to go to war with Russia. Not only is the cold-war paranoia (in 1979) misplaced and ill-addressed in a book concerning mankind's battle with aliens, but the scenes are poorly paced and bring the narrative to a halt. The reader craves more time in the battle room with Ender. Lastly (ironically enough) the ending is absolutely abysmal, the only thing worthy of praise being that Card somehow, someway manages to go from a Deus Ex Machina to a feel-good ending to a Deus Ex Machina to a sappy, ham-handed attempt at social commentary. He should be commended for pulling off such a bile-inducing conclusion.<br />Despite my complaints, I still recommend this book...although more for a long plane ride then for an evening at home.ranoia (in 1979) misplaced and ill-addressed in a book concerning mankind's battle with aliens, but the scenes are poorly paced and bring the narrative to a halt. The reader craves more time in the battle room with Ender. Lastly (ironically enough) the ending is absolutely abysmal, the only thing worthy of praise being that Card somehow, someway manages to go from a Deus Ex Machina to a feel-good ending to a Deus Ex Machina to a sappy, ham-handed attempt at social commentary. He should be commended for pulling off such a bile-inducing conclusion. <BR>Despite my complaints, I still recommend this book...although more for a long plane ride then for an evening at home.
B00005J9LY|4.0|I am a HUGE Pet Shop Boys fan and anyone familiar with my reviews may know that I've given 5's to the reissued 2 CD sets \\"Very\\" and \\"Bilingual\\" as well as the criminally underrated \\"Alternative\\" and their comprehensive 2003 career-to-date compilation titled \\"PopArt.\\" \\"Please\\" was the very first release that introduced a duo named PSB to the masses via the unforgettable \\"West End Girls,\\" which to me captures PSB at their best and is one of the greatest songs of all time. I can't think of another group that has based its song on cold vocals, synthesized music, and dry wit to create something that sounds and makes me feel so alive. The first single was followed by the tongue in cheek yet powerful &quot;Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of Money),&quot; the soothing (or is it?) &quot;Suburbia,&quot; and \\"Love Comes Quickly\\" just to name my favorites.<br />While I like other songs on this release, with the exception of \\"Later Tonight\\" and \\"Why Don't We Live Together,\\" I am not giving this release a 5 as the remastered 2 CD set released in 2001 is pricey, and unlike the reissues \\"Very\\" or \\"Bilingual,\\"  the \\"Further Listening\\" CD does not make this a must have set. Maybe because it only covers songs from their early years and a very limited period (1984-1986), the CD does not really have as many gems as can be found on other 2001 rereleases by PSB. Also, while there are a few winners, my favorites the moody \\"Jack The Lad,\\" \\"the catchy \\"Paninaro,\\" the punchy \\"In The Night,\\" \\"A Man Can Get Arrested,\\" That's My Impression\\" can already be found in good form in \\"Alternative\\" or \\"Disco.\\" The are a few surprises as exemplified by the muscular `Was That What It Was?\\" (love those \\"drums,\\" strings, and chorus). I wish that Neil would rerecord this song as the solo portions are not as good as all the other components. I don't think that I had heard this song before and I am really getting into it. \\"Suburbia (The Full Horror)\\" gives the original song an expanded epic  dimension without taking away its original punch.<br />I am giving the boys \\"only\\" 4 stars as I am rating the 2 CD release and not the original release. If you have unlimited money on your hands and have already bought all the other reissues, then by all means give this a shot as you can make a great 1 CD mix from the 2 CD set. There are some songs that MAY make this a must have for you. For me just having the dance mix of \\"West End Girls\\" could have been enough; however, I also LOVE the previously unreleased (at least on CD) 12 inch version of &quot;Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of Money).&quot; I also replaced the previously unreleased version of \\"Why Don't We Live Together\\" (original New York mix) as it is head and shoulders above the one in the original release.<br />I hope that PSB continue to do their thing for many years to come as I can never get enough of them. They are among the few acts from the 1980s that have remained relevant as PSB as the boys have so many layers to them and their music can be enjoyed on more levels than almost any act. They are not just some tongue in cheek smart alecks as their music is also romantic, melodic, and as contagious as it comes.aking away its original punch.<br />I am giving the boys \\"only\\" 4 stars as I am rating the 2 CD release and not the original release. If you have unlimited money on your hands and have already bought all the other reissues, then by all means give this a shot as you can make a great 1 CD mix from the 2 CD set. There are some songs that MAY make this a must have for you. For me just having the dance mix of \\"West End Girls\\" could have been enough; however, I also LOVE the previously unreleased (at least on CD) 12 inch version of &quot;Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of Money).&quot; I also replaced the previously unreleased version of \\"Why Don't We Live Together\\" (original New York mix) as it is head and shoulders above the one in the original release.<br />I hope that PSB continue to do their thing for many years to come as I can never get enough of them. They are among the few acts from the 1980s that have remained relevant as PSB as the boys have so many layers to them and their music can be enjoyed on more levels than almost any act. They are not just some tongue in cheek smart alecks as their music is also romantic, melodic, and as contagious as it comes.
B000066NW0|1.0|after listening this album just 5 times, you will feel that you wasted your money on this trash. <BR>in korea, some stupid little girls say 'Avril Rocks!' or 'She is a REAL Rocker!', but i know that they know nothing about rock!<BR>when i ask who 'Alanis Morrisette', they ignore me. that's really bad. people in korea gotta know more about ROCK.
0792843584|3.0|This is a flawed movie, but it has redeeming qualities.  Kris Kristofferson does a pretty good acting job.  The woman who plays his love interest does a very good job too, plus she's got a couple nude scenes which are nice.  In fact, the acting is quite good throughout.  The movie is very long, and best taken in chunks.  The sound is muddled.  The editing is vexing.  The plot is difficult to follow.  The final battle scene doesn't make any sense.  The ending is confusing and unsatisfying.  However, the cinematography is great.  There are some set-piece scenes which are pretty fun.  And a few interesting surprises.  Taken as a series of vingettes instead of as a whole, it's actually got some real heart.<BR>A woulda shoulda coulda epic that didn't quite make the cut.
B0000584V3|5.0|First of all, disregard any review that gives this cd less than 4 stars, they dont know what they are talking about. 130+ 5 star reviews vs. 4 one star reviews, I think the majority wins here. One person actually went on to say that if you want good music, listen to Good Charlotte, im sorry but Good Charlotte is far from good music and nowhere at the level that opeth is. Another person said that Mike Akerfelds voice is crap, again, doesnt know what he is talking about, his voice is probably one of the best in the metal biz. He's able to let out a spine chilling growl or the clearest vocals you can imagine. He has a great deal of vocal depth and this is seen on this album. Yes this album contains some deep grunting vocals but a) they are much more tasteful than other death metal bands and b) you get used to them, at first I wasnt a fan of them either but once you begin to understand opeths music you see the necessity for it and they dont bother you at all. The music and lyrics are haunting and beautiful, surrounding you with an atmosphere that only opeth could create. Some noteable favorites are The Leper Affinity, The Drapery Falls and Blackwater Park, however all songs are great. Also be warned that opeths music requires a few listens to before your appreciation of them sinks in, so dont shy away after the first listen. Again anyone who gives any opeth cd one star can go back to their mindless and lackluster music, if you dont understand it, dont rate it.
B0000C6E4D|2.0|I'll keep this breif, since I'll probably be slayed alive by all sorts of Sarah fans...I loved Fumbling...I loved Surfacing...I even loved Remixed...I did not love Afterglow.<br />I'm not trying to be mean, it's just not a good album. I mean, the entire album stays on the same wave lenth, all the songs sound the same.  In fact, Afterglow could be one long, song....there is no get up and go in Afterglow.  I'd say it's all glowed out.<br />This album brought to mind post birth depression.  She should have waited another year or so and wrote something else.  It depressed me, has no life to it and was weaker than anything she has ever done. It's a fluffy album with no substance, songs that sound like they belong on Fumbling and it left me bored.<br />I waited seven years for Afterglow. I am content to wait another seven years until I listen to it again.  Hopefully by then, it'll actually be good.
B00005RYLE|5.0|Evil dead is one of my favorite horror movie. It beats the exorcist by a long shot! This film was low budget, not that great of effects, but an instant classic. Evil dead, classic horror film, made in 1979, released in 1983 because it was to viloent. This is a definate must see if you haven't. Luckly I got the limited edition pack first, before it went out of print. Their are great features, and a great quality in picture. The features are great, if somehow you can get this get it! The outtakes are funny, it has a great behind the scenes look, and audio commentary by director Sam Raimi and producer Robert Tapert and commentary by the one and only.....Bruce Campbell. If they do mix him in the Freddy vs. Jason thing he should win. <br />If you haven't seen this movie, this paragraph is for you. This story goes as five teens Ash, Cheryl, Scott, Linda, and Shelly (Bruce Campbell, Ellen Sandweiss, Hal Derich, Betsy Baker, and Theresa Tilly)who uncover the spells of the &quot;Book of the Dead&quot; and now evil spirits spread all over. Some scenes can be very hard to watch by the goreness. As the virus spreads around Ash's friend, its up to him to survive the massacre the spirits left his bloody friends. It is a must see. <br />I must comment on the make-up. They did a fantastic job on the make-up. Some scenes I seriously thought looked like the excorsist. It has great make-up, and great special effects for a 1979 movie. This film definintley define the words of cult classic.
B0000AQVCL|1.0|Yes to coin a phrase<BR>It dosn't matter what jet play because they've been playing  <BR>other peoples songs all night.<BR>Rollover DJ=Taking care of buisness<BR>When I hear Rollover DJ on the radio I always start to sing<BR>Taking  care of business I can't help it there so much the same.<BR>The CD is allright I can't get past the guess the tune thing.<BR>VERDICT= MUSIC TO LISTEN TO WHILE YOU WONDER HOW A BAND AS BLASE AS THIS EVER GOT A RECORDING CONTRACT.
B000002LEE|5.0|In my opinion I found this album to be better than ritual de lo habitual. I own both and are both very amazing. Nothing's Shocking has a very solid list of tracks and never let out where as RDLH is more experimental and tends to be drawn out at times by Perry's voice. Not to discriminate or offend anyone, but this is just how I feel. Janes definitely is still rockin even to this day. I suggest everyone buy Strays becuase it shows how good a band can be. It focuses more on environmental issues and solid alternative rock rather than being drawn out by vocals that can only be understood by ppl with artistic knowledge. Back to this review...very good, worth every penny and u will find urself repeatedly popping this cd into ur stereo or walkman.
B00000AOUD|4.0|I remember seeing Tull at MSG for the Aqualung Tour circa 1971. The show ended and they came out for the encore. Ian announced this new work called Thick as a Brick (...)The performance was such a departure from Aqualung that it felt like a second concert. I recommend Thick as a Brick to anyone interested in hearing the departure point of the band into what we know now. In many ways this album sent them on their way and enabled them to avoid becoming a one trick pony.(...).
B0001AP12G|5.0|Kanye West was put by some people into the catagory of excellent producers who should not try to rap (ei Timbaland). But it think he has definitely proved them wrong with his debut album &quot;College Dropout&quot; His beats are tight (All self-produced) and fit his rap well. He also has some good guest appearances (Jay-Z, Ludacris, Twista, Talib Kweli &amp; more) and funny skits. <br />The songs on the album:<br />2. We Dont Care [ft GLC] 4/5<BR>3. Graduation Day 2/5<BR>4. All Falls Down 4/5 (Second Single)<BR>5. Ill Fly Away 1/5 skip this one<BR>6. Spaceship 3/5 catchy hook<BR>7. Jesus Walks 4/5 Lyrically the best on the record<BR>8. Never Let Me Down [ft Jay-Z &amp; Saul Williams] 5/5 My Favorite<BR>9. Get Em High [ft Talib Kweli &amp; Common] 5/5 LOVE this beat<BR>10. Workout Plan 1/5 weak skit<BR>11. New Workout Plan 3/5<BR>12. Slow Jamz [ft Twista &amp; Jamie Foxx] 5/5 Twista goes good on slow beat<BR>13. Breathe In Breath Out [ft Ludacris] 3/5 Expected better from Luda<BR>14. School Spirit (prt1) 4/5 Halarious. Skit is better than song<BR>15. School Spirit 2/5<BR>16. School Spirit (prt2) 3/5 Second part of skit is not as funny, but you will still laugh<BR>17. Lil Jimmy 3/5 Sequal to School Spirit skits<BR>18. Two Word [ft Freeway &amp; Mos Def] 3/5<BR>19. Through the Wire 5/5 Lead Single. Good Beat Catchy Hook, touching lyrics<BR>20. Family Buisness 4/5<BR>21. Last Call 3/5 12min track (First 3 minutes is rap last 9 Is talkin bout his record deal, which is intresting if you feel like listening
2266079999|5.0|We meet Ellie Arroway as a child whose father dies. She marvels at the wonder of radio, notably the &quot;clear mathematical precision of radio waves.&quot; She becomes a radio astronomer,  and in time joins, and even leads the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. The drama begins to heat up with the detection of a radio signal coming from  the Vegan System. Questions abound. How can we capture this message 24/7? We need international cooperation.<br /> After deciphering many layers (good old mathematical precision), the message is clear; it is an instruction manual for building a device. Theories aboundoDoomsday Machine, Trojan Horse, Space Ship. Despite the outcry of the pessimists, two projects are funded and the unit is built in both the Americas and Asia. Both of them get destroyed.<br /> In the end, a Japanese parts supplier has been secretly building a third device on Hokkaido. Ellie is chosen for the crew.<br /> The international project to build the device becomes known as the &gt;Machindo Project&lt; and Machindo comes to be a byword for international cooperation. Besides various bureaucratic wheelings and dealings, religious zealots also take aim at the Machindo Project: They say &quot;If it is a message from the heavens then it's a message from God?&quot; This being so, many zealots reason, and many different responses arise.<br /> How Ellie rails against the imprecision of religion! For instance she determines there can be no God because so many people see God differently (Note-does that mean there is no George W Bush because many people see him differently?). She also considers that if there were a God, then man would know ALL even in the dawn-times of humanity.<br /> For those who've only seen the movie, the journey to meet the senders of the message is a bonus. Five passengers take the trip in the book vs. the one in the movie. And while each spacer believes they are gone for a week, in actual time only 20 minutes passes. The real fun begins when the machindo crew return to Earth. Each are individually cautioned by their countries to deny they ever took the trip! Their reports are dismissed in the crudest fashion. Once again, bureaucratic gamesmanship carries the day. Surreptitiously,  Ellie continues to work on the information gained in her space flight. She redirects her Cray computer to work on transcendental numbers and finds THE TRUTH.  No, Douglas Adams fans, the truth is not #42! If you like Contact in print, you can also see it rendered in movie and even an audio version narrated by Jodie Foster, who played Ellie in the Warner Brothers movie.chindo crew return to Earth. Each are individually cautioned by their countries to deny they ever took the trip! Their reports are dismissed in the crudest fashion. Once again, bureaucratic gamesmanship carries the day. Surreptitiously,  Ellie continues to work on the information gained in her space flight. She redirects her Cray computer to work on transcendental numbers and finds THE TRUTH.  No, Douglas Adams fans, the truth is not #42! If you like Contact in print, you can also see it rendered in movie and even an audio version narrated by Jodie Foster, who played Ellie in the Warner Brothers movie.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|This was the worse out of all the Matrix movies. I say this because it was like a rip off of the Star Wars series starting with chapter 4 &quot;A New Hope&quot;. Same story lines,same hero super powers (holding the hand out and controlling objects) and same dull effects. A lot of blue screen (or chromo effects) in this and they where done very slopply. The bullet time effects was (thank god) at a min. The story line continued to drag along leaving the action to die down. Why was this story line needed to be put into 3 different movies? This movie could have been wrapped up in maybe one or two movies . After a while the action got perdictable. Just a string of hollywood greed and a huge waste of time. Save your money rent it first or watch Star Wars instead !!!!
B00005JMEW|5.0|the opening scene of this movie really sets you up for the type of movie you are about to see.  from the get go you feel that your eyes cannot be removed from the screen.  after the first scene you jump 4 years later to uma thurman pulling up to a quiet suburban neighborhood in bright yellow truck with pink flames that has pu**y wagon enblazoned on the end of the truck.  she has arrived at her second victim of retribution codenamed copperhead.  this character is played by the gorgeous vivaca fox.  the two women fight and are at a stalemate until vivaca's little girl interupts them.  there is some very funny dialogue that goes on during this scene and some words that are spoken that speak of regret.  needless to say this scene ends in death but at the unfortunate tragedy of being witnessed by the little girl.  this movie jumps around a little bit like pulp fiction did, however this is not a bad thing b/c there is never any interruption in the flow of the movie.  there is a part that reveals that uma's character had the possibility of neveer waking up from her coma, and this scene is both tragic and funny, darryl hannah is wickedly funny.  i think that this first movie is really set up wonderfully because there is a depth to the characters, and by doing this you get a feel for who they are and what they represent.  lucy liu does a great job also and plays vicious killer very well.  in all honesty i felt a little sorry for her and how she grew up.  this movies a perfect set up for the second volume of this tragedy.  my biggest question for the second volume is what did the bride do to make her former team try to kill her?  the movie really leaves the watcher hanging and brings up a whole new set of questions and speculations to be answered especially when the viewer finds out that the bride's daughter is still alive.  all the actors in this movie fill out their parts fantastically well.  and like i said, this movie has all the elements of a great tragedy and revenge movie, but it also has some very funny parts as well.  i love the part where uma is trying to get her toe to wiggle.  this is a great tarantino movie and is a very visceral movie with lots of blood and violence but at the heart is still human.  this a great movie and i cant wait to see the second one.
1565117808|4.0|I got this audiobook CD from the library. The first couple hours of the book are devoted to philosophical musings and odd insertions of observations from another writer from another time and place. The description of southern Indian life is interesting.  The details of life at sea are very believeable and amazing in their detail. The book becomes confusing in the closing hour or so, where they land on some magical island. Other than that, the book is very believable and interesting.
B0001BKAEY|4.0|I know a lot of people are passionate about how AWESOME this movie is. I also know a lot more people that think this movie simply sucked. I am in a neutral position about Revolutions. The first hour is good but then the movie gradually decline. People take very long to die, scenes become long and drawn out and lines start to be stupid. I especially disliked The Kid who seemed to cheesy running around screaming &quot;The Wars over Neo Did it Yay!&quot; and other equally bad lines like that throughout. Also things are still not fully explained about Smith exploding. The Wachowski Brothers allude to solutions but people are still confused about the ending. One person that i know actually thought the Matrix blew up!<br />Anyway the DVD itself is better then the movie. The picture is great and the menus are as good as Reloaded. There are much more featurettes then Reloaded and they are all interesting to watch and informative. The White Rabbit thing was a plus too. So in conclusion if you have the other two movies buy it but otherwise I heard that the box set is going to have more then 9 hours of stuff and explain the Matrix trilogy.
B0000C6E4D|4.0|At last her new album is finally out!  Quite good but not quite as splendid as &quot;Surfacing&quot;.  Anyway, her voice still one of the most beautiful voices around and this Cd will certainely be played with the &quot;auto-repeat&quot; on.
B000077VR3|5.0|Before seeing this movie and the racy and vibrant Chicago I had seen such film musicals like Singin' in the Rain, The Sound of Music, and My Fair Lady, and I pondered to myself, what happened to the genre.  Bazz Lurman thankfully brought it back.  Moulin Rouge is one of the most different films I have ever seen. Ewan &amp; Nicole both did great jobs, and the music blew me away.  Who thought pop music could sound opereta and antiqued.  The scenery, even though they were CG backgrounds were wonderful, and the story compelled me.  See it if you are a musical fan.  See it if you are not.
B00009V7P8|5.0|Splendid, Splendid, Splendid, Splendid, Splendid, Splendid, Splendid, Splendid. Need I Say More???? Yes, Masterpiece. You cannot pretend you love music if you don't like that album... <BR>Should help you make up your mind about buying that Cd (if you can call that a cd, i'd rather say this &quot;work of art&quot;!!!!!)
B00005JLXE|4.0|Daredevil took the bright vibrant New York City the we all saw in Spider-man, and turned into a Tim Burton style Gothic wonderland.  Ben Affleck did a wonderful job (no matter what any critic may say) in cinematically portraying the comic book hero. The finest performance comes from the girl-next door kick but superwoman, Jennifer Garner.  She played her role with passion and brute toughness. Colin Ferrel also played his role well, but the other villain in the film was too defeatable and he really disappointed me.  The effects were great and so was the drama.  See this if you are a fan of comics or popcorn movies.
B00003CXXM|3.0|At first I couldn't see Matt Damon as an action star, but after watching him in &quot;The Bourne Identity&quot; he passes the test. Matt plays Jason Bourne, a government agent who doesn't know what's going on. After he's found alive by a fishing crew with two bullets in his back, he quickly is on the hunt for his identity. He has skills that everyday people do not, and knows just how to use them. He discovers that he has many passports with many identities, but doesn't know why. He meets up with a gypsy (Franka Potente) who has nothing except a car. A series of near death expierences follow and then Jason saves the day. The way they end it means there will be a sequel, but that doesn't mean there should be one. Overall a decent movie with great action sequences, but not worthy of a second run.
B0000A02TZ|1.0|You absolutely must refuse to buy this edition because it is front-loaded with 10 minutes of unskippable commercials. And you must post horrible reviews here for that very reason, as well as complain in writing to Universal. Otherwise your apathy will allow Universal to continue putting this spam in front of all its releases, and the other studios will follow. (And while I'm on this subject, please don't be afraid to boo the product/service commercials they show at the beginnings of movies in theatres. Let management know that you're outraged.)    Animal House is definitely a classic, although I agree with those who've commented that it hasn't spawned anything particularly positive. Still, the movie on it's own terms is a riot, and I'd rate it about four and a half stars. So buy a used copy of the out-of-print original Collector's Edition (with the metallic blue cover) either here on Amazon or on eBay. But this particular version needs to be buried forever with the ground salted above it.
B00005JKCH|4.0|\\"With great power comes great responsibility.\\"<br />That line is the theme for the comic book adaption of the web-slinging, wall-crawling hero Spider-Man.<br />The film stars Tobey Maguire as Peter Parker/Spider-Man. Peter Parker lives with his grandparents and he's every parents dream child. He's a science nerd who knows too much about science. How much? Well, enough for him to get beat up in the hallway. Peter dreams of being popular, having a cool car and being the boyfriend of popular girl Mary Jane Watson (Kirstin Dunst), his next door neighbor. Peter's only friend is the spoiled rich kid Harry Osbourne (James Franco), whose father happens to be scientist and president of Oscorp, Norman Osbourne (William Dafoe).<br />During a field trip, Peter gets bitten by a radioactive spider which escaped it's cage. That night Peter becomes ill and by day his gone through a strange transformation. His sight has improved and he no longer needs his nerdy classes. Also, Peter's chest and abs have become stronger and harder.<br />After discovering his strange ability to shoot web from his wrist, Peter goes out to the streets to test his new found ability and enjoys them. However, this new power gets in the way of Peter's responsibilities. He skips his chores and gets into fights in school.<br />After an encounter with a thief and killer, Peter becomes the friendly neighborhood Spider-Man, sticking out for the little guys in town and helping civilians in trouble. However, Spider-Man's biggest battle will be up against a mad scientist.<br />After being told that his fired, Norman Osbourne decides to do a little experiment on himself which goes bad. Norman gets a split personality, a personality of a ruthless killer. Norman becomes the Green Goblin and heads out to get rid of Spider-Man.<br />The movie has a great story to it. It's amazing how this once vulnerable boy becomes a brave hero almost overnight. It deals with a huge transformation that could apply to teenagers growing up. Once you transform into an adult you have great responsibilities and Spider-Man carries that message well. William Dafoe is magnificent as Norman Osbourne. Dafoe plays the villain very convincing and menacing. There's one scene where Norman confronts his other personality and Dafoe delivers it very well.<br />There's also a love story between Mary Jane and Spider-Man. Mary Jane is in love with Spider-Man and Peter Parker wants to be with Mary Jane but as Peter Parker and not as Spider-Man. Mary Jane is an aspiring stage actress and Kirsten Dunst actually plays the character very well.<br />There are many good things about Spider-Man, but of course there are some flaws. The special-effects weren't spectacular or amazing. Most of the effects kind of looked faked. There wasn't any \\"wow\\" moments where I was blown away. There's also a scene that's copied right out of the Matrix.<br />There is no doubt that the Spider-Man costume is great, but the costume for the Green Goblin looked very cheesy. It looked like a villain from the Power Rangers. It didn't strike fear at all. The menace Dafoe delivers is gone once he puts on the goofy Halloween costume.<br />At times, while watching Spider-Man, I felt like I was watching an advertisement. It felt like Spider-Man was trying to sell things while promoting a Macy Gray concert. The ending was sort of anti-climatic. The last battle between Spider-Man and the Green Goblin is very brief.<br />Also, the soundtrack by Danny Elfman didn't strike my attention. It wasn't spectacular. It was actually forgettable. I didn't walk out humming the tunes like I did with the X-Men movies.<br />Overall, Spider-Man is the classic and simple story of nerd-becomes-hero with some good performances and some good action. Fans will defiantly be pleased and non-fans will be entertained.p. Once you transform into an adult you have great responsibilities and Spider-Man carries that message well. William Dafoe is magnificent as Norman Osbourne. Dafoe plays the villain very convincing and menacing. There's one scene where Norman confronts his other personality and Dafoe delivers it very well.<br />There's also a love story between Mary Jane and Spider-Man. Mary Jane is in love with Spider-Man and Peter Parker wants to be with Mary Jane but as Peter Parker and not as Spider-Man. Mary Jane is an aspiring stage actress and Kirsten Dunst actually plays the character very well.<br />There are many good things about Spider-Man, but of course there are some flaws. The special-effects weren't spectacular or amazing. Most of the effects kind of looked faked. There wasn't any \\"wow\\" moments where I was blown away. There's also a scene that's copied right out of the Matrix.<br />There is no doubt that the Spider-Man costume is great, but the costume for the Green Goblin looked very cheesy. It looked like a villain from the Power Rangers. It didn't strike fear at all. The menace Dafoe delivers is gone once he puts on the goofy Halloween costume.<br />At times, while watching Spider-Man, I felt like I was watching an advertisement. It felt like Spider-Man was trying to sell things while promoting a Macy Gray concert. The ending was sort of anti-climatic. The last battle between Spider-Man and the Green Goblin is very brief.<br />Also, the soundtrack by Danny Elfman didn't strike my attention. It wasn't spectacular. It was actually forgettable. I didn't walk out humming the tunes like I did with the X-Men movies.<br />Overall, Spider-Man is the classic and simple story of nerd-becomes-hero with some good performances and some good action. Fans will defiantly be pleased and non-fans will be entertained.
0767810856|4.0|This story was inspired by an actual event and makes you believe that there are still nice people in the world.  One day a policeman (Charlie Lang, played by Nicholas Cage) must leave a restaurant in a hurry, and rather than leave without a tip he promises half the winnings of a lottery ticket to his waitress (Yvonne Biasi, played by Bridget Fonda), if the ticket should win.  The ticket wins, big time, and the conflict and stress begin.<br />To contrast with the sweetness, though with a bit of cynical edge, of Charlie and Yvonne, is Charlie's wife Muriel, obnoxiously and effectively played by Rosie Perez.  Muriel is out for Muriel, and wants to get what she sees as hers, regardless of whatever promise Charlie may have made to Yvonne.<br />We see Charlie conflicted as to what to do at first.  After all, Charlie certainly did not expect to win several million dollars on that lottery ticket.  However, Charlie wants to do the right thing, and he does.  As Charlie follows his heart, and what he believes is right, Charlie comes to realize that Yvonne has morals and a style more like his own, and Muriel is greedy and conniving and just not a very nice person.  While I was initially conflicted by Charlie's marriage to Muriel, because I believe strongly in marriage, there came a point where I just couldn't stand Muriel any more, and no belief in marriage would have made me stay with her.<br />This story is a bit of a caricature and more than a bit trite, but somehow I wanted this variation on the Cinderella theme to work out and I had to follow it to the end.  I wanted the movie to work out because Yvonne was just a wonderfully nice person and she deserved a better life, and I decided that no matter what Muriel and Charlie were not going to work out.  I admit that I did come to the point where I wanted Charlie and Yvonne to get together, but I was not sure of exactly how to work that out without complications.<br />In a way this movie is a bit of a guilty pleasure, because it does have a fair amount of predictability, though not all the details are predictable.  However, I like to watch happy ending movies sometimes, and this one has a wonderfully happy ending.  This movie works because of the great chemistry between Bridget Fonda and Nicholas Cage.  The combination of their character's believability, the sweet story, and the happy ending, just make this a fun movie to watch.  Just keep your analysis of the story to a minimum; it is only a movie, after all.t does have a fair amount of predictability, though not all the details are predictable.  However, I like to watch happy ending movies sometimes, and this one has a wonderfully happy ending.  This movie works because of the great chemistry between Bridget Fonda and Nicholas Cage.  The combination of their character's believability, the sweet story, and the happy ending, just make this a fun movie to watch.  Just keep your analysis of the story to a minimum; it is only a movie, after all.
B0001AP12G|1.0|kanye west sucks and this cd is complete trash.  nobody would've known who he is if he wasn't with jay-z.  this guy is just a bootleg wannabe jay-z.  don't buy this album, even if u like rap don't buy it cause it's a waste of money.
B000089RVX|4.0|I may be the only Lacuna Coil fan who likes this band so....<BR>Firstly Evanescence are NOT goth. Pop/Rock with occasional dark undertones (at best). Amy Lee's voice is excellent on this album, but live is another story. I've seen them twice and I was not impressed with her performances. The songwriting is a little cheezy in places and there's just no excuse for the rapping. However an album where there is not even 1 poor song is pretty rare. It's a fine debut album although I don't think anyone who has said this is &quot;original&quot; has listened to much music in this or related categories. Buy this album you wont be disappointed. Or better still buy a Lacuna Coil album and listen to songwriting that miss Lee can only dream of.
B00005JKC3|3.0|It seems that I am the only one in the world that enjoyed this movie.  All of my friends hate it, and I don't know why.  It is a little slow getting started, but ounce the Hulk gets big and green it non-stop action and fun.  Ang Lee tried a little too hard to make this flim a moving comic book (alot of split-sceen stuff), and Eric Bana is limited by his C.G.I co-star (best digital performance ever).  <BR>Nick Nolte and Oster winner, Jenifer Conly give riviting performances.  Do yourself a favor and rent the Hulk.  Look past the corny comic antics and enjoy the film.  I can't wait for Hulk 2.
0345350499|5.0|I should say that this is the one of the best book I ever read. It's so compeling, you can not put it down. One of the best books of all time. The story is very belivable and so real. The caracters are amazingly built. They come to life and you live their story. It was very smart to write the Artherian Legen throught the eyes of the woman. It really makes you think of what is right and wrong, what the caracters should do, but dont. It's incredible!!!<br />Never again I dont think that I will able to find a book like this.
B00009TB5G|5.0|&quot;The Two Towers&quot; is the second of &quot;The Lord of the Rings&quot; trilogy. And I would recommend that you watch them in order. In this movie we follow the three seperate story lines of the now disbanded fellowship. <br />Frodo and Sam continue to follow their guide Gollum through the bleak landscape to Mordor. Merry and Pippin brave the forest of Fangorn Forest where they meet the memorable Ent, Treebeard. And of course you have Aragorn, Legolas and Gimly making a heroic stand at Helms Deep against thousands upon thousands of Uruk-hai.<br />Helms Deep is truly a battle of epic porportions. And you will want to chear as the Ents move to attack Isengard. The special effects throughout the whole movie are spectacular. The additional material included in this addition gives the character's greater depth. And goes far in showing the dynamics of the Steward of Gondors family relationships. <br />This movie has more action that the first one. And though very enjoyable and well directed, it does not flow as clean as the fiorst movie. Here we have to follow three seperate stroy lines. As you do in the book. This version is much better than the theatrical release and I highly recomend it's viewing.
B0001HAHXW|5.0|THIS IS A GREAT,GREAT CD.IT IS AS GOOD AS FROM THE CRADLE.CLASSIC CLAPTON.THE MAN IS THE BEST
B0000AXE8I|3.0|The first Matrix movie was about special effects and science fiction.  It was a great thought provoker, suspenseful, and action filled.  It was hi-tech, no nonsense, serious plot. This sequel has more of the same; other reviewers have addressed these merits.  However, in the sequel, some hollywood marketeer managed to influence the producer with today's warped thinking that \\"it's got to have nudity and sex in order to sell\\".  And so, the Matrix Reloaded begins with a very long massive orgy with bare bodies and sensual motions and gyrating hips and bodies sliding on bodies etc.  I was excited to get this video for my grandkids to enjoy, until I encountered this gratuitous soft porn.  It was so out of character from the original Matrix.  I categorized the movie as x-rated and discarded the DVD without letting the kids at it, and resolved to not bother with the next sequel.  The movie has thus lost me as a fan.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|I could be very long-winded about this movie, but I;ll try not to be. In quality it's very comparable to the Star Wars movies: that is, it has some parts that get boring and a number of corny lines. But also like Star Wars, it has an almost classical sense of drama, with very poignant elements. At the end, Neo is blind and alone and has nothing left to lose; even Trinity, whose love literally kept him alive, is gone. It's both sad and strangely heroic. He embodies an uncrushable human spirit in his face-off with the evil program Smith, who tries to strip him of hope and purpose, but in the end is defeated by Neo's final sacrifice. <BR>   So, despite the excessively drawn-out battle sequence in the middle (which, cool as it is, is still only a numbing sensory assault after a while), this movie struck me as quite powerful. Deus Ex Machina, the Neo-Smith showdown, and the possessed Bane, all struck me as great story elements reminiscent of Greek myths and various other good literature, which will no doubt make this movie a sci-fi classic. I would also like to add that despite his deadpan acting through most of the Matrix Trilogy (which is obviously intentional, cause frankly how cool would Neo be if he wasn't unshakably calm?) I see nothing wrong with Keanu Reeves' performance during Trinity's death scene. The emotion looked real enough that I felt sorry for him, so maybe he's not the bad actor so many say he is. Anyway, I guess I haven't really been that brief. Just watch it; you might like it as much as me or you might not.<BR>   &quot;Why, Mr. Anderson, why?&quot;
0553381407|5.0|I personally found this book to be life changing. It was first mentioned to me by a therapist four years ago and I found it to be one of the few books out there that is informative without being &quot;cheesy&quot;. If you are looking for a book that is straight talk about different types of abuse--the author even paraphrases from clients which I found helped with personal identification--this is one worth your money. You will be amazed by how many times you will find yourself thinking &quot;that is so true!&quot; and the author does a tremendous job of weaving the reader through the healing process in a very subtle way (you won't find loads of psychological analysis talk here!).
6305696071|5.0|There seems to be two schools of thought regarding this movie.  There are those who are unable to see past Julia's profession, and all it might entail, and there are those who see how someone who clearly had to make a bad choice one day realized it, and along the way helped someone else realize the bad choices they had made.  It's all a charming fairy tale that I have watched over and over again.<br />Julia Roberts does play a prostitute.  However, as the movie unfolds we find out why.  Further, we also find that Julia is, as she must be, human, and has the same core values that most of us have.  Richard Gere helps her realize during their discussions that she made a poor choice, and eventually Julia realizes that she can be and wants to be more than she is.<br />During Julia's journey of discovery she also makes Richard Gere question the path in life that he has chosen.  Richard buys companies, takes them apart, and sells the pieces for more than he paid for them.  While it has made Richard a very wealthy man, Julia questions the value that Richard brings to the world.  As Julia realizes that she wants more self-fulfillment in her life, Richard realizes that he wants to be constructive instead of destructive.<br />Julia's character could have been played in an exploitive way that demeaned her character, and her character's profession.  Instead, I thought the subject was handled sensitively and well.  Julia several times could have behaved just as Richard would have expected someone in her profession, and yet, she showed that she had pride and values, and she stuck to them, even to her detriment.  Ultimately Richard Gere, and the audience, comes to admire Julia Roberts as a strong woman with an incredible will.<br />In addition to Julia Roberts and Richard Gere is an outstanding supporting cast, including Laura San Giacomo as Julia's friend and roommate, and who gives Julia no end of despair in her choices.  Hector Elizondo plays Barney Thompson, the hotel manager, and he makes the role and steals every scene in which he appears.  Jason Alexander plays a rather despicable right hand man to Richard Gere, calloused, ruthless and crude.  Ralph Bellamy is the head of a business that Richard Gere is attempting to take over, and who gives Richard the best compliment in the entire film, marking a turning point in Richard Gere's attitude about what he does.  There is a long list of other actors that made so many of the scenes in this movie funny and sometimes poignant.  Better you should watch this movie and find out for yourself.<br />This movie is one of Richard Gere and Julia Robert's best films.  We have both the video tape and the DVD, and have watched both multiple times, and will likely watch the DVD many more times.  Funny and often touching, this is a wonderful film for adults with a soft spot in their hearts for underdogs and believing that good things happen to good people.and he makes the role and steals every scene in which he appears.  Jason Alexander plays a rather despicable right hand man to Richard Gere, calloused, ruthless and crude.  Ralph Bellamy is the head of a business that Richard Gere is attempting to take over, and who gives Richard the best compliment in the entire film, marking a turning point in Richard Gere's attitude about what he does.  There is a long list of other actors that made so many of the scenes in this movie funny and sometimes poignant.  Better you should watch this movie and find out for yourself.<br />This movie is one of Richard Gere and Julia Robert's best films.  We have both the video tape and the DVD, and have watched both multiple times, and will likely watch the DVD many more times.  Funny and often touching, this is a wonderful film for adults with a soft spot in their hearts for underdogs and believing that good things happen to good people.
B0000C8AVX|5.0|For the first time, Dylan really records electric, and the results are fantastic. Sure, some of the old guard may have squacked a bit back in the day, but this record transcends all carping about Bob abandoning folk. Highly recommended to all just getting to Dylan.
B0001AP12G|5.0|I have been hearing about Kanye West for ages now and I just had to get his cd &quot;The College Dropout&quot; to see if all the fuss everyone was making about him was true. And let me tell you, it was. He is a gifted rapper, coming up with lyrics you'd never thought you'd hear in a rap song. And can we just talk about &quot;Slow Jamz&quot; for a second. How many of us thought that was HIS song and not Twista's? Yeah..... Not only can Kanye produce hot beats, he makes a pretty good rapper too. Do yourself a favor and buy this.
B0000C8AVE|5.0|The public was exposed to the genius of Dylan's early folk writings in this album, and the results are phenomenal. It's hard to imagine the 60's without this album, as many cuts became classics. If you are intersted in Dylan's folk phase, start here.
006054094X|5.0|Actually, since the Jin (Golden) dynasty, the Nuzhen(Manchurian) people already adopt Han culture and the founder of the Qing dynasty was a general of the Ming dynasty.<br />Mongols are not foreigners, they are part of Chinese since the Tang dynasty. The Khitan (Cathay) people are ancestors of Mongols and they are considered to be Chinese.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|Bob has made several excellent albums, but this is the pinnacle. Every cut is a classic and the sound is timeless. If you don't have any Dylan - start here!
B00005JMEW|5.0|AWESOME!!! I have been agonizing over this release ever since I saw it in the theater! This film is incredible &amp; my pick for best of 2003! What were the oscars thinking?!?! Uma so deserved best actress for her portrayal as Beatrice/The Bride. The DVAS rock, too! Darryl Hannah as a one-eyed assassin! Bless her heart! This film really sets you on the edge of your seat with anticipation. I cannot wait to see Vol. 2 and complete the puzzle. Tarantino's best!
B0000024JN|4.0|This record is just great fun. There's no significant artistic message here - it's just a fun, snotty, loud record. And there's nothing wrong with it. It IS an anomalous record in the Beastie's catalog - and there's nothing wrong with that, either.
B0001LJCPC|3.0|I was eagerly anticipating Vol. 2 since the Vol. 1 soundtrack was simply amazing. This collection of songs &amp; dialogue seems to be a bit more country than the mix that appeared on Vol. 1. No sound effects or features either. In all, not bad but cannot live up to the greatness of Vol. 1.
B0001ADAVK|3.0|Mona Lisa smile.  Oh, goodness, what a trip.  Having gone to an all-girls high school in New England that has always been a feeder for Wellesley (and the Wellesley of today is quite different than in the 50's), I was admittedly curious about the film.  However, all my good sense told me to stay away.  I had enough feminism shoved down my throat at that school to last me a lifetime.  <br />That said, I eventually saw the film as a captive audience member on an overseas flight.  As they jumped in to the story, all the stereotypes came screaming out of the screen to me: stuffy old New England school, liberal from California, jaded students who know how to act the part for teachers, rich kids with parents on trustee boards, etc.  I think the movie relies on these well-worn characters because the writers certainly didn't do a very good job of developing them.  You just sort of fall into a familiar world.<br />My main criticisms of the film are:<BR>1. As the movie progressed, I kept thinking that the storyline wasn't in sync with the character development.  They kept jumping ahead in the plot, assuming that you are keeping up with all the nuances of all the girls as they bloom in their senior year.  Really, this wasn't too hard as they kept the girls pretty one-dimensional.  <br />2. The whole 'Mona Lisa' concept was forced and ridiculous.  It didn't make sense that Julia Robert's lover called her that, and Kirsten Dunst's scene where she discusses this with her mother is laughable.  You knew what Dunst was getting at, but the film must have relied heavily on the audience's personal sentiment because they certainly didn't bring you there emotionally.  <br />3. And the ending...my goodness what a rip-off of 'Dead Poet's Society.'  Many movies have ripped off 'Dead Poet's Society,' but none seemed as clear as this.  I won't give it away, but don't worry...the girls didn't all stand up on their desks at least.<br />For all that, I don't think the movie was a complete failure.  I thought the following were noteworthy in the film:<BR>1. First off, I need to praise Maggie Gyllenhaal's acting!!!  'Who?' you may ask.  She was the 4th one mentioned in all the previews and was the one that no-one really knew.  Her character could in some ways be a tired cliche, but she brought it to life and easily stole every scene she was in.  I was really mesmorized by her performance, and I look forward to more in the future.<br />2. Ginnifer Goodwin (the cello player) and Marcia Gay Harden (the old spinster) also turned very solid performances.<br />3. The fact that Julia Robert's character was ultimately able to turn down relationships with 2 charming men was fairly remarkable.  The fact that she had, needed and enjoyed these relationships so much shows that she is not anti-male or anti-marriage.  She merely has a mature understanding that marriage is not an absolute good and that neither of these men could ultimately stand by her.<br />4. What they did with Julia Styles' character (girl who was accepted into Yale Law School) was also impressive in this 'progressive' film.  That character perhaps single-handedly kept this from being just empty feminist propaganda.<br />5. Kirsten Dunst's role (the girl who gets married) & her relationship with her mother gives some spooky insight into 'advice' some girls were getting from their mothers.  The night her mother turns her away from her home is particularly painful.<br />Overall, I think the film is pretentious and completely misses what it aimed to be.  Additionally, I don't think Roberts, Dunst or Styles turned in particularly outstanding performances.  However, there was enough life there from random  sources to keep the movie afloat.
0671027344|5.0|Similar to Catcher in the Rye or Youth in Revolt, but with a more enjoyable plot than Catcher in the Rye through the eyes of a more mentally afflicted and sensitive kid. Very easy to relate to/sympathize with.
B00007ELEL|5.0|I think a lot of items on Amazon have inflated reviews.  I think a lot of people (and I'm including myself) want to rank something with five stars, so that everyone can know how much they love the movie/book/CD/whatever.  Well, in this case, I am not exaggerating.<br />The Big Leboski is my favorite movie of all time.  The fact that it came out immediately after the Coens' huge success with Fargo kind of gave this flick the kiss of death, but to those of us that didn't care (and I liked Fargo...just not as much as I liked Raising Arizona), this is probably their finest achievement, and probably the best comedy ever.  The great thing about this movie is that THERE IS NO PLOT.  That's not to say that the movie is aimless, rather the actual story, involving the alleged kidnapping of Bunny Lebowski is the film's &quot;McGuffin.&quot; (I think that's how it's spelled).  Granted, Hitchcock probably would never dream of making the reason for the characters' interactions a plot device (which begs the question, how can you have a plot device with no plot?), but Hitchcock isn't Joel and Ethan Coen.  So, what we have here is a rag-tag group of characters, led in complete Dude fashion, by The Dude himself.  Along with Walter, Donnie, Jeff Lebowski (&quot;the REAL Jeffrey Lebowski&quot;), Bunny, Jesus Quintana, Maude, and countless other priceless, though minor characters (all three cops), Dom Irrera's limo driver, Jackie Treehorn, the nihilists, etc, etc, The Dude hobbles his way through easily the most interesting days of his life (though he was a roadie for Metallica on the &quot;Speed of Sound&quot; tour).  Anyway, probably the best scene involves Larry Sellers and his father Arthur Digby Sellers (who wrote the bulk of the TV series &quot;Branded&quot;), and it's too funny and relies too heavily on the f-word to repeat here.<br />Sorry for all the rambling.  What's important about this movie is the brilliant dialogue.  And virtually every character gets to say absolutely brilliant dialogue, from the main characters all the way down to ancillary characters like The Dude's landlord, the cab driver, and the chief of police of Malibu.  This movie is chock full of characters, brilliant insights into the world of bowling, and life lessons in nihilism.  As long as you're not looking for a story to get lost in, this is absolutely the best you can do in terms of a comedy.  I recommend this movie to anyone that has a sense of humor, or to anyone who needs a sense of humor (note to those that need a sense of humor, you might have to watch this a couple of times...I hear some people didn't &quot;get it&quot; the first time).<br />The Dude abides.
B000002JSP|1.0|John Paul Jones: I'm serious this time. I had enough of one-note bass lines. I am a serious keyboard player, Wakeman has nothing on me. And I have keyboard-based material enough for a full album.<BR>Jimmy Page: Oh, shut up, John, you know our fans want to hear me playing guitar. You are expendable.<BR>JPJ (pissed off now): That's what you think! We can issue an all-keyboard based album and it would be our best ever! People will love it!<BR>JP (slightly amused): And you will take care of it, so all I have to do is pose for the promo pics and put a couple solos?<BR>JPJ (defiant): Exactly!<BR>JP (too doped to argue): Whatever...
B000067CPX|1.0|this is absolutely the worst chili peppers album ever!  where's the funk?? also, anthony should not be TRYING to sing.  do what u do best anthony.  angry agro rap.  this cd is for 50 year old housewives to listen to.  can u say sell out????
B000002IGP|5.0|If you want a cd that sums up hair metal in like 9 songs, this is the one. Every song you can just imagine being played in some Sunset Strip club. While many might say the title for greatest glam cd should go to The Crue's Shout at the Devil, or Poison's Look What The Cat Dragged In, this is actually better.<BR>Every song has a catchy chorus worthy singing along to (just listen to Your'e In Trouble if ya doubt me) and conjours up images of spandex, makeup, and hairspray.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Some may say this film is over-the-top or unbelievable.  These comments are redundant in the same way that saying Picasso's representation of a woman crying was unbelievable.  It is meant to be stylized, even abstracted for artistic effect.  Aside from this, the storyline is very interesting and keeps the audience on the edge of the seat.  I wait impatiently for the second to come out.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|This movie is just awesome. It was an impulse buy, i was looking for a Horatio Hornblower DVD (which i did find). And hidden near the anime section, i found this great movie. But I first heard it from my friend Micheal (who makes Donnie look normal). So really was this an impulse buy..maybe not but who cares, i have seen this movie 10x and i want to see 10 more times. Buy it, you will not regret it and if you do...then...yeah i dont know what to tell you
B00005JMJ4|2.0|Bill Murray and Scarlett Johansson have surprising on-screen chemistry despite a massive age difference. I must disagree with someone's comment that acting &quot;real&quot; isn't acting.  If it isn't realistic, then it is hammy, so what do you look for in acting? The story, however, is a little dull for my tastes. All though this film does an excellent job of creating the illusion of reality, I prefer the movies where something actually happens. This storyline has no hook, nothing to keep the audience in the seats. And, it doesn't help that the film portrays the Japanese as obnoxious, which couldn't be further from the truth.  The viewer is left depressed, irritated, and a little bit drowsy.
B00006CXSS|5.0|ok..now i am not an WWII historian..i mean i know my stuff but that is about it. And the fact that i am just a junior in High school doesnt make Siskel does it now? No, but if i know one thing is that is the coolest miniseries about war...no miniseries dosnt work..i think i will use Epic yes epic. This made me feel proud to be an American. Not seeing Sept.11 images for Geogre W.Bush or fighting some guy who lives in a cave. what makes me feel &quot;proud to be an American&quot; is hearing stories like this. This is just an amazing epic..yes epic. BUY IT, DONT DO IT FOR YOU DO IT FOR YOUR COUNTRY
B00008EY9G|4.0|&quot;As I was walking up the stair, I met a man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today. I wish, I wish, he'd go away.&quot;  This subtle, creepy poem by Hughes Mearns begins the year's best psychological thriller. &quot;Identity&quot; will play mind games with the audience and then make them lean forward in their seats and cry, &quot;What the hell?&quot;  But, that's not all. This movie keeps the shocks coming until the disturbing ending, which repeats Mearns poem with a new meaning by a character more chilling than can be expected. Don't miss this one, I guarantee a ride full of wicked twists.  P.S.  The editorial review from Amazon.com is incorrect.  There is no one in this film suferring from schizophrenia.  They mean to say multiple personality disorder.
B00005JMJ4|2.0|So, Rolling Stone critic Peter Travers calls this film &quot;hillarious&quot; according to the reviews on the box. Peter, please define &quot;hillarious&quot; for us. Please.
6300182770|3.0|Impossible to forget, yet deeply flawed as a cohesive film (unlike &quot;Clockwork Orange&quot;), Videodrome stays with us and may someday assume a kind of &quot;classic&quot; stature.  James Woods can make the best of any script, Deborah Harry didn't embarrass herself, and we can take comfort in the fact that Rick Baker's visual effects will improve considerably from these &quot;rough&quot; forms seen in the movie (yuk).<br />Videodrome was prophetic in that it forecast the availability of the really creepy stuff you can now find on the internet, and brings up the old hair-raising argument of whether or not &quot;snuff&quot; films really exist and why they fascinate us so.
B000000OAH|5.0|if you are a Queen fan listen to this album ten times through headphones..then tell me it is not the greatest rock album of all time! If you don't get it then you are missing the point! Imagine Brian Freddie Roger and John knocking these tracks out in the studio and you will possibly get the point of this seminal, beautiful album!!! If you don't get it then I for one don't get it!!! And 'In Only Seven Days' is the most beautiful holiday romance song ever written.....
B00004BZ0N|5.0|I bought this album when i already knew the CLASH because of a greatest hits i had bought of them, but i couldn't imagine what an album i had missed to!London Calling is not just an album, it's a total life experience and i think you must know a few things about it.<BR>So, here we have the third and most popular album of CLASH.The fact that it combines many different kinds of music(punk,rock,ska,reggae,rockabilly...)through songs that remain seasonable after all these years,songs of great quality and production(Producer Guy Stevens has done a magnificent job) classifies it as one of the 10 greatest albums of all time according to Rolling Stone magazine(#8).This album,arguably,contains songs that changed the history of music as the EERY and  SHUDDERING London Calling,Vince Taylor's Brand New Cadillac in a crazy adaptation,ANTI-WAR Spanish Bombs,punkish Hateful,Right Profile which refers to actor Montgomery Clift,Paul Simonon's The Guns Of Brixton,witty Death or Glory,Card Cheat-magnificent song-,ska-reggae songs Revolution Rock and Rudie Can't Fail,Clampdown which is inspired from the nuclear meltdown at Three Mile Island,Pennsylvania,graceful Train In Vain.<BR>As for those who say that Joe Strummer doesn't know how to sing I say that this album proves a lot about Joe Strummer's voice which makes you shiver in some songs(London Calling) and those people must learn,firstly, something about the punk singers.<BR>Generally,this album presents the CLASH in all their glory and revolutionism and changes the stream of pop and rock music,so make yourself a favour and buy this album and don't listen to some indescribable people who know very little about music and don't respect some LEGENDS.Let them live in their own world.<br />R.I.P. JOE<BR>YOUR SONGS WILL ALWAYS LIVE
B0000X61VE|5.0|I'm 24 year old and I've been doing this workout since I was 13. There is no other workout that could make me lose weight and look great! Something more - the result came much faster than I expected. I've been doing traditional aerobics, and more other useless stuff and the only result was in gaining big and really looking FAT muscles mostly on my thighs. For all those 9 years I have no injuries at all. When I bought The Next Challenge I started combining these two workouts and felt even better. So don't even read the editors' reviews - I don't even think that anybody of them has tried this workout.
B00003CXCT|1.0|I grew up watching Star Wars, but these aren't the movies I grew up watching. George Lucas has, for some reason completely inexpicable, significantly changed the films for this release. The changes unnecessary and often change the characters and flow of the films significantly. If he releases the movies I grew up with, I'm sure I'll purchase them, but I have no desire to watch these versions of the films.
6303426468|5.0|I thought this movie was a blast. Arnie brings out the best in a lot of people. When I`m down or having a bad day, I stick this on and just get kicks and laughs out of it. I rate it as an excellent comedy. All of the characters play really well.<BR>I recommend this movie to alot of people, it brings out the best in you after you watch it.
B0000X81ZI|5.0|(waiting to see vol 2, especially due to high critical review; making up for vol 1 shortcomings).  tarantino's style and taste may not be for the average viewer (anyone who disliked pulp fiction, reservoir dogs, natural born killers, true romance) and it may turn off those with narrow visions.  although he has had his hand in films like desperado and from dusk til dawn, those films pale in comparison.<br />a fact is that desperado and the 2nd half of from dusk were robert rodriguez's film.  rodriguez is a good friend of tarantino and i'll give him credit for being able to produce entertaining movies on a low budget but, he is nowhere near the caliber of tarantino.  rodriguez can be called a good director with ingenuity but he'll NEVER be a great one like tarantino (once upon a time in mexico was the biggest proof of that; johnny depp was the only redeeming element of that sequel).<br />back to kill bill, this film (which was split due to time constraints and tarantino's refusal to delete scenes to please the studios) was done to pay homage to all the cult films he loved while growing up and working at a video store.  if you've ever watch old school kung fu films (shaw brothers: 5 deadly venoms, bruce lee's game of death: yellow &amp; black track suit), japanese samurai films (lady snowblood: geisha assassin, lone wolf and cub; shogun assassin), sergio leone's spaghetti westerns (all the clint eastwood films) and so much more i can't recall, you'd watch kill bill more with a keen eye.<br />it's so much more than just graphic violence.  it's about style and innovation.  it updates past film noir into modern millenium visuals.  viewers shouldn't go into this believing this is your typical action and violence film.  it's an awestrucking rollercoaster ride into a cinematic experience.<br />i anticipate vol 2 will even be better....
B00005JMSE|3.0|Had some good lines. Decent special effects. Average story. Ron Pearlman did great as HB. See this one on the big screen, but matinee, and you won't be dissapointed.
630460288X|4.0|This is certinly a great action movie. Ive alyways liked this film. However the regioun 4 version does not come with the trailers or commentary, it only has the movie in wide screen and that is it!<br />One thing I did notice while watching this movie was they have dubbed the voices in some areas of the film with new dialogs! The most commenly known one i picked up on was in the original version i had on VHS it was &quot;Tacho Bell&quot; that was the product placment resteraunt they attended dinner in! But in this movie its been changed to &quot;Pizza Hut&quot;! I'm not sure why, but you can tell by the ways the lips move that there saying &quot;Tacho Bell&quot; and &quot;Burrito&quot; and sounds a bit funny when they say &quot;Pizza Hut!&quot;<br />Stilla great movie ,well worth watchign if your into blow em up action movies!
B00005JMJ4|4.0|I don't share the conventional wisdom that this is some kind of masterpiece, but it's a good film.  It's slow in spots but Bill Murray is inspired and Scarlett Johansson is touching, and the last 30 minutes are genuinely poignant.  I think the reason this film has been so praised is because it is so different from most commercial Hollywood movies out there.  But I remember the movies from approximately 1967 to 1981, and believe me, this is what they used to be like before Spielberg and George Lucas infantilized them and dumbed them down.  Characters and stories were allowed to be complex and adult, like a good short story (like this film.)  People saw the name &quot;Coppola&quot; on this film and got nostalgic for a time when movies still mattered to grown-ups.  This movie isn't in the same league as &quot;The Godfather.&quot;  But's it's definitely in the same honorable tradition.
B0000630YA|4.0|Alice delivers a great selection on this album. And with 3 extra tracks ,its even better value for money!<br />I suggest you get this album with the Welcome To My Nightmare DVD.... you might wanna stick this CD on instead of the sound from the DVD :)!
0060934913|5.0|Reading Tony Bourdain's \\"Kitchen Confidential\\" for restaurant tips is like reading Hemingway for travel pointers---by focusing on the mundane, you'd be missing a lot. Bourdain is not only a fascinating character, he is also one hell of a writer, and maintains a delicate balance between outrage and outrageousness at all times. He's one of my favorite writers, period, and I've never paid more than $50 for a meal in my life. Not that Bourdain doesn't write expertly about food and especially the emotional and sensual joys of eating-he's among top modern food writers like Ruth Reichl and Jonathan Reynolds in combining expertise and literary skill. But unlike many upper-crusty food journalists, he also gets into the polyglot and hedonistic culture of the kitchen, an often hysterical portrayal that rings true to this former dishwasher. If you've ever spent time in a restaurant in any capacity, you owe yourself this book.
B00005R2M3|5.0|I think thats best cross over cd since Salena. Shakira is talented and we should recognize that. Who else could shake there one butt chick like her.
B0000AXE8I|1.0|Wow, what a disappointment. This is one of the biggest letdowns in movie-making history, in my view, a sequel so bad it actually takes away from the original. And don't say that all sci-fi sequels are bad: Think of \\"Terminator II,\\" which actually built on the first and developed the characters. \\"Matrix\\" just goes off the deep end with endless speechifying, \\"Battlestar Galactica\\" -quality sets and enough New Age hokum to scare off a Seattle shamanistic crystal healer. And, brace yourself, they make Keanu Reeves act. Please, if you liked the original, stay away from this movie. If only someone had stopped me I would have my good memories of one of the best films of all time intact. What a disgrace.
B0001AP14E|5.0|Now,lately rap music had been in a very dark realm in my opinion...Kanye West's new joint is the most refreshing music to date...its been a while since any rapper has discussed at length the social issues, ironies and the redemption of living the hard knock life. The story telling is so vivid that you can relate to the situations that he raps about. You may be jammin and dancing to the rhythm, but its  the content and dissection of the social message that is the star of this cd....this is a must have! Keep tellin it like it is kanye..the message is not falling on deaf ears...rhythm nation is listening!
B00005JMEW|5.0|This viewer hates gratuitous gore and violence in general, wasn't a huge fan of \\"Pulp Fiction,\\" but loved this film. Tarantino's genius is the ability to get into the heads of people raised on pop culture, harvest all these crazy images from film, TV and music and tie them together into a story line that makes sense and is satisfying on a deep level. He's definitely evolved with this film, which has a moral center in the Bride whether fanboys want to admit it or not. The fights are spectacular and funny at the same time and Uma Thurman actually acts with more than her cheekbones for a change. Topping it off is a fantastic soundtrack which I went out and bought the same night. Only weak point, in my view, was Daryl Hannah, whose acting is sub-replicant level. But even if you think of yourself as squeamish, give this film a chance.
B00015YVDG|1.0|The order page describes this DVD was anamorphic widescreen.  It is not.  Amazon refuses to make things good.  We definitely would not have bought it.  Now, we're stuck with it after having sold our original copy for next to nothing.  We would have rated this a zero but it wouldn't let us.  Two thumbs down to Amazon.  I think a class action suit is in order against a business that has no class where their orders are concerned.
B000062YAZ|4.0|This cd is brutal fast and awesome.  The only thing I don't like is their inspired lyrics about satan and all that stuff.
B0000X2EOW|5.0|I have adored this movie since my childhood and for years ive been waiting for a dvd that did this movie justice and finally it's here! Labyrinth is a fairy tale coming of age movie. Sarah by accident wishes her little brother away saying ' i hope the goblins come and take you away right now' and indeed they do. Sarah is then faced with the meancing and exceedingly sexy goblin king played (fantastically) by david bowie. The goblin king then states she may only get her little brother back if she gets through the labyrinth. The movie is then an adventure story as Sarah tries to get through the labyrinth in time and learn some things about growing up. I watched this film when i was five Jareth (bowie) became my first love and the magical world of labyrinth became a favourite among my movies. What i adore most about this film is the fact i can still enjoy it now for it's deeper meaning and undertones  and when watching it you find new things that you never notiched before it's so rich and detailed that it takes several watchings to take it all in! It's so a unique movie that except for dark crystal there is nothing else like it. I love fantasy movies in general but this i think is one of the best children will adore the cute goblins and creatures  and adults will love the darker meanings and under tones truly a movie for all!
B0001BKAEY|5.0|This is a terrific movie.  I cannot believe that The Matrix Revolutions was rated one of the worst movies of 2003.  This is a great well done movie, it has astounding special effects, and a good story.  The final fight scene between Neo and Smith is awesome. You have to see the final chapter in the Matrix series, it is great.
B00009RAJJ|5.0|I always knew this was the best and most artistic &quot;Fleetwood Mac&quot; albulm ever... but with the bonus tracks, the out takes and fun band interaction, this makes it the best TUSK -ever.  Love Stevie Nicks- always have... but this is her shining moment with the band that she &quot;paid her just dues... with&quot; ...Buy it, you will not be sorry,  you will understand the Fleetwood &quot;MAGIC&quot; a little more artistically-Excellent stuff! I wish sometimes it was still the late 70's early 80's musically....Dream on, little dreamer...bethany
B0000BYM3K|5.0|In lieu of all the crap that i get to watch on empTV et all the radio hoohaa...i wait loningly for sumthin like this...sumthin that takes me on a visceral trip to the time in my mind where everything is fine and music means dreams and journeys into new frontiers yet with a sense of enlightenement...this happens every few years and it has happened again...MAIDEN IS BACK!!!!...simply put, this is a top contender for CD of the year...except for 'wildest dreams'...by any other band, it would be a great single but from these boys its a weak radio effort which they dont need to do, cause hey, no true metal fan listens to the crap on radio these days anyways...right from rainmaker, the air raid siren, the galloping bass, the thundering drums and the three guitar attack storms through melodies whichi didnt think possible and riffs as bad ass as they've ever been since the piece of mind glory days...and then there's journeyman, u want an acoustic song boys, this is how its done...buy it cause we all know these guys will never sell out and always will give u your money and time's worth...UP THE IRONS!!!!
B0000C9ZLD|3.0|These guys are not saviours. they aren't &quot;amazing!!!!&quot;-no matter what the ridiculous &quot;return of rock&quot; propaganda of rolling stone and spin magazine tries to make you believe. they are definitely not the &quot;future&quot; of rock or revolutionary in any way. They're derivative and very regressive.But while the hype that surrounds this band is annoying and tired, I have to admit the band's music is pretty decent and i like &quot;is this it&quot;  as well as this record. i think the first four songs are the best on the album. overall, it's just a decent rock record--nothing more. so everyone can stop creaming themselves over this band and listen to all the great bands out there who don't talked about nearly as much as the strokes or not at all.there's good stuff out there, you just have to look for it.here ends the rant.
B000002KIE|5.0|The Sex Pistols were one of the best early punk bands and this is one of  the best punk album ever recorded.Sure The Ramones and The Clash stayed together longer but The Pistols more than made up for it with Bullocks.There arent many better songs than Anarchy In The U.K.,God Save The Queen,the underrated and very impressive Submission which is my favorite track on the album,Problems,No Feelings and the great opener Holidays In The Sun.Despite the songs being angry and rebellious,listening to this album is a release for me and I even like to sing along sometimes cause all the songs are catchy.Its a great,great album and one of the best albums of the 70s.Nuff said.
B00000IAU3|5.0|this is an excellent album.   i bought the cd after i first heard &quot;here with me&quot; way back in 1999.  i thought it was a very clever song , and that dido had one of the most unique voices i have heard.   buying this album, was a right desicion. &quot;here with me&quot; is a very good radio song, but it is one that,i have never, i mean never have gotten bored of. it really is that good.  hunter, is another great song. as well as &quot;don't think of me&quot; , &quot;all you want&quot;, &quot;thank you&quot; which is another of one of &quot;our songs&quot; between my boyfriend and I. other good tracks are &quot;i'm no angel&quot; and i really , really like the track &quot;take my hand&quot; which is a really cool, dance number. the thing to note about dido's music, is that everything from  dido's voice, the lyrics and the production are awesome.  i want to say that this album is more of a pop-rock chillout album.  hmm... a new music category?  (lol)    i think a lot of people can relate to dido's music, because it gets personal.  you can really relate to  what she is singing, which is rare.  i have to say that this is one of my favorite albums that i have ever owned.  it came out in 1999 and here it is 2004 and i am still playing it more than most of my other 300  or so cd's..... the only exception... her second cd, which sounds just as good as this one!!!!!<br />a &quot;real must buy&quot;
B000002UEB|5.0|Operation Mindcrime continues to be my favorite album of all time. I discovered this album in 1990 and it continues to stand the test of time. I was blown away by the story, intensity and music. Everything is near perfect and loved the little audio clips between songs to progress the story.<br />Another reason why this album is great is even though this album was written in 1988, the political overtones of the album still apply today - 16 years later.
B000003C2S|5.0|The statement above (the title) describes the lyrics of the album, which involve Chuck's views on various social issues such as the death penalty, cloning, and vigilante justice among other things.  Due to this the lyrics are a step forward from the clichd gore lyrics that were present on the first two albums.  Along with the lyrics, the music took a change in direction on this album, beginning to go in a more technical direction with less focus on brutality, (a style which would later be explored further in Human and the future albums to a much greater extent) and although most of the past brutality remained, there was a step up in the quality of the song writing, along with improved musicianship, which was complemented with more complex riffing, many (meaningful) tempo changes throughout the album, and better guitar solos.  And the addition of James Murphy as a second guitarist didn't hurt, either.  The production gets the job done, but is somewhat flawed. The good aspects are that it's relatively clear, but not so too clean for a death metal album, nor does it sound sterile, the bass is too low in the mix, though. The main problem in the production is with the drums which are pushed too far back resulting in some of the potential power of the album being lost.     Personally, I find this album to be highly under-rated; even though it was a landmark for Death it lives in the shadow of the next album, Human.  However it's also a great album.     The album starts off with Living Monstrosity, which is a great opening track. A very aggressive, high speed intro leading into Chuck's unique growling vocals, and then switches between mid and high speed riffing, leading into dueling solos by James and Chuck about half-way through the song, before reverting back to the pattern that the song started in, and all of this is topped off with socially conscious lyrics about drug addiction.     Altering The Future is next, one of the highlights of the album musically and lyrically, this song relies primarily on mid-paced riffs, up until Chuck comes out with a solo, which is followed with a faster one by James, then once again reverts back to the riffing style that was in the beginning of the song. It's hard to say exactly what makes it a stand out, so the best thing I can say is to listen for yourself.     Next up is Defensive Personalities, one of the weaker songs on the album, although it's not a bad song, it simply doesn`t stand out, it has good drumming, riffs, and solos, but it just doesn't have anything that makes it stand out from the rest of the album.     Within The Mind is similar, however, somewhat more memorable.     Next up is the center piece of the album, the epic title track, and the highlight of the album: Spiritual Healing. A slow, epic sounding riff opens up the song, which shifts up into a higher tempo, more aggressive riffing, and vocals come in. From this point the song continues on at the same pace, until settling back down into the slower riff, and then two solos emerge around the four minute mark. Afterwards, the song reverts back to a very slow paced riffing, until another tempo change, which leads back into the faster riffs from earlier, which the nearly eight minute long epic ends on.     Low Life, is the next track, and is a very aggressive and angry song with more great riffing and six solos in a row, plus some clichd but well written lyrics, making it another highlight of the album.     And now, as the album nears a close Genetic Reconstruction is up, with a very interesting mid tempo riff leading into the song, until another tempo change comes along, while Chuck spews out lyrics about cloning and it's affects on a fantasy. This, like every other song on the album (they tend to follow a pattern), leads into some good guitar solos by both James and Chuck, and then going back into the riffing, the bass coming through yet again, until the song ends with a mid-paced riff.     The final song is Killing Spree, withlyrics dealing with school shootings. The song employs very aggressive riffing, although it slows down into mid-tempo as a set up for the two solos, which then reverts back to the aggressive ending before, until the end of the song, which bookends the album nicely.    If you're looking for an under-appreciated classic in early death metal, give this album a try.
B0001ENYKS|4.0|This is a fun CD. You know, F * U * N ?  Remember Fun?  It's not going to change your life. It's not the greatest thing ever. But it's a good CD. When was the last time you bought and listened to a CD just because it was fun, not because it was an obligation to art or politics or some other statement.  One thread that you see in the other reviews is that people hear one of Franz Ferdinand's songs and have to track it down -- they aren't hearing this all over the radio -- at least not yet. When was the last time people tracked down a relatively unknown CD by a relatively unknown artist because of a single listen of a song?<br />One of the elements that I like best is that this is a band that has so many inspirations that they all get mashed together. You listen to the songs and go, that bit sounds like ---, and that chorus reminds me of --- and that bridge is just like the one in ---. And yet they aren't wholly derivative of any of their inspirations.<br />And Matinee is a damn fine song. period. (as is Darts of Pleasure and Take Me Out)
0671027573|5.0|This story grabs you and keeps hold of you and I think every woman should read it especially if you are looking to laugh and looking for something to relate to everyday REAL life
B00005JMEW|1.0|It's basically a comic book for teens. Overblown dialogue and  fight sequences in the tradition of those ridiculous choreographed Hong Kong Kung Fu Flicks of the 70's. Sometimes stylish in a trashy way and with occasional flashes of great music (loved the Japanese girl rock band.) But overall it gets boring after a while and your eyes drift to the clock. Worth a watch just to see what all the fuss was about, but ultimately a dud.
0385510438|4.0|I had anticipated that The Last Juror was going to be like what I found many of Grisham's other books to be -- a suspenseful, legal thriller. The Last Juor is none of these things. It is not suspenseful and it is not thrilling. What it is, however, is one of Grisham's best books from a more literary standpoint. The Last Juror is primarily about what life in a small town in Mississippi was like during the 1970s told from the perspective of the new owner of the local newspaper, 23-year old Willie Traynor. Grisham covers important events from that time period, including religion, racism, segregation, economic concerns and the Vietnam war. Based on the description in the jacket cover about a rape/murder and the fact that the story takes place in the same town (Clanton) as his first, and excellent, book, A Time To Kill, I expected The Last Juror to be one of his better legal thrillers. Despite my not getting what I expected, I enjoyed Grisham's latest book, and found he's grown considerably in his ability to convey warmth and sentiment and to create strong, true-to-life, multi-dimensional characters. If you can overcome the fact that this is not the typical Grisham legal thriller, I think you will enjoy The Last Juror. If, however, you won't be satisfied without the usual amount of suspense, action and surprises on which Grisham has built his enormous reputation, then you should avoid this book. The Last Juror is not Grisham's best book by far, but it is worth reading. If you decide to read this book, I hope you enjoy it.
B0000BXGC8|5.0|While a little more aggressive and with a harder edge, Nickelback has followed up its wildly successful &quot;Silver Side Up&quot; with a very solid effort.<br />If you like SSU, you will love &quot;The Long Road.&quot;
6304233639|5.0|When this movie was first released, my husband and I were a bit wary; we had seen too many disappointing Sci Fi movies (Starship Troopers, anyone?) to get our hopes up.  However, when we saw the White House get blown up in the previews, we allowed ourselves to be optimistic, and we both left work early to see the movie on opening day.  Sure enough, only a few minutes into the film, we were hooked:  the fantastic opening sequence shows Earth's moon, and suddenly, the supposedly-forever footprints left by our astronauts are blown away as an enormous spacecraft flies overhead.  In a fashion similar to Close Encounters of the Third Kind, people world-wide slowly become aware of this amazing development, but unlike in that earlier movie, these visitors are NOT friendly.<br />Although the plot may feel familiar, the development of the storyline is thrilling, and it is enhanced by an excellent cast.  Both Will Smith and Jeff Goldblum are ideally suited to their roles, playing bravado (Smith) and quirkiness (Goldblum) to perfection.  Bill Pullman is surprisingly believable as the President, and the fine Robert Loggia is a natural general.  Supporting characters Judd Hirsch, Randy Quaid, Brent Spiner, and Harvey Fierstein are all a bit over-the-top, yet they are completely appropriate for the mood of the film--wasn't Darth Vader over-the-top too?  And also like in Star Wars, this movie does have its cheese-y moments, but again, the goofiness fits right in.  A final comparison to Star Wars is the way I felt just after seeing the film for the first time, which is to say, amazed, exhilarated, and eager to view it again (which I did just two days later).  Independence Day has stood the test of time for me:  it's one of only a handful of movies that I own, and I never tire of repeated viewings.  This is Sci Fi at its best!
B000099T2L|4.0|My boyfriend bought me this cd because I wanted that song Summertime f/ P.Diddy. It is a good song where me and my boyfriend listen to which is not in this cd.  Every other song is good but the song I wanted is not there. What did they do to that song? Where is the Summertime song????
B00009V7RF|5.0|The Black Eyed peas are one of thge best bands of the decade they have a sounf no one else has they have that uniqueness that makes them them. Their song Where is the Love Is a song you cant help but love. The Lyrics are very realistic its almost scary Great Album
B000006E4C|4.0|...but I still like the ECM recording better.   I only wish it were tracked.
B00005JMEW|5.0|- Revenge is a dish best served cold. -  Old Klingon Proverb<br /> \\"Silly rabbit, Trix are for kids.\\" - O-ren Ishii and \\"The Bride\\" exchange a pop cultural reference (and a hint to \\"The Bride's\\" real name) before squaring off in \\"Kill Bill\\".<br />Even before I saw this film back on 10/11/03, I had a strong feeling I was going to be owning \\"Kill Bill\\" on DVD, and I was right (I purchased it on 4/14/04!).<br />One of the best films of 2003, Quentin Taratino's 4th film is, perhaps, one of, if not, his best film to date. Not as \\"quirky\\" as \\"Pulp Fiction\\" (still a great film though), \\"Kill Bill\\" is a justly violent revenge film that pays tribute to the chop-socky, grindhouse, exploitation films that graced drive-ins, and rundown theaters of the 1970's.<br />A female assassin known as \\"The Bride\\" is setup on her wedding day, with her former employer \\"Bill\\" and his gang known as \\"The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad\\", killing her, and her friends on her supposed wedding day. \\"The Bride\\" miracously surivives and spends the next four years in a coma. She awakens to find her baby gone (she was pregnant at the time of the massacre), a hole in the left side of her head, (a permanent reminder courtesy of Bill) and a cold, blood chilling need for revenge. She does get her revenge, dispatching, former fellow employees, Vernita Green, and O-ren Ishii with her gang, \\"The Crazy 88's\\" led by Johnny Mo & Go-Go Yubari, with a vengeful wrath that would make Khan blush.<br />This movie easily has \\"cult film\\" written all over it. The action is almost non-stop (the last 45 minutes alone is worth the 5 star rating). Tarantino is at the top of his game. His direction in this film is tight (the film moves from color, to black and white, to silhouette in the fight at The House of Blue Leaves with ease, the viewer is thankful for it, without being to jarring). The performances are great (the cast members who were a part of the \\"DiVA\\" squad went through some martial arts training for the film). If you've seen \\"Kill Bill Volume 2\\", watch this film again and you might see some subtle hints to the second film (the reference to \\"Trix\\" cereal hints at \\"The Bride's\\" real name, an eye pull during the final battle hints at Elle Driver's fate in \\"2\\" and notice in this film that when \\"The Bride\\" walks through the airport to get to The House of Blue Leaves check out the billboard in the background advertising Red Apple cigarettes. Does the woman look familiar? It should. Its Julie Dreyfus who plays Sofie Fatale). \\"The Bride\\", unfortunatly, doesn't kill Bill in this opening installment, but, there is always \\"Kill Bill Volume 2\\". Die-hard fans of the genre will not be dissapointed.<br />As for the DVD, its a must own, but don't expect a lot of special features (a 20 min. making of segment, 2 music videos by the \\"5,6,7,8's\\", with trailers from other Tarantino films as well as trailers for \\"Kill Bill: Volumes 1 & 2\\"). Hopefully, with the release of \\"Kill Bill: Volume 2\\", Tarantino will release an ultimate \\"Kill Bill\\" edition in the near future.. If you've seen \\"Kill Bill Volume 2\\", watch this film again and you might see some subtle hints to the second film (the reference to \\"Trix\\" cereal hints at \\"The Bride's\\" real name, an eye pull during the final battle hints at Elle Driver's fate in \\"2\\" and notice in this film that when \\"The Bride\\" walks through the airport to get to The House of Blue Leaves check out the billboard in the background advertising Red Apple cigarettes. Does the woman look familiar? It should. Its Julie Dreyfus who plays Sofie Fatale). \\"The Bride\\", unfortunatly, doesn't kill Bill in this opening installment, but, there is always \\"Kill Bill Volume 2\\". Die-hard fans of the genre will not be dissapointed.  <br />As for the DVD, its a must own, but don't expect a lot of special features (a 20 min. making of segment, 2 music videos by the \\"5,6,7,8's\\", with trailers from other Tarantino films as well as trailers for \\"Kill Bill: Volumes 1 & 2\\"). Hopefully, with the release of \\"Kill Bill: Volume 2\\", Tarantino will release an ultimate \\"Kill Bill\\" edition in the near future.
B0000C9V3T|4.0|Ok, first of all I have to say that this is a really great album period. I bought the album just for one track and ended up liking the entire CD. The song I bought it for was &quot;Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood&quot; the scene for which is used in the movie is the dual between Uma Thurman and Lucy Leu. The version used in the movie is instrumental only, however it IS heard on the CD. The song on the CD is 10:30 in length!!! The part used in the movie kicks in at about the 4:00 mark, so for anyone looking for that song, it's in there! The other song that I really like is the Zamfir track, now like most everyone else I just assumed Zamfir was just a late night TV commercial!! The track though is very haunting. The last stand out track for me is Nancy Sinatra's reading of &quot;Bang Bang&quot; the song is used to perfection in the film. At first I wondered why this cover version was used instead of Cher's original version from 1966. After hearing Sinatra's version though, I have to say it is superior to Cher's take (although Cher's remake of her own hit in 1987 is pretty good too, but still not right for this movie). All in all this is great CD, the mix of songs is odd to say the least, but they all work together to create a very atmospheric listen. If you loved the movie, you'll love this CD!!!
B00005JMEW|3.0|Tarantino's lifelong ode to 1970s exploitation/drive-in/grind house films began with film noir (Reservoir Dogs) went through Blackploitation (Pulp Fiction and Jackie Brown) and Zombie filx (his work on From Dusk to Dawn) and now we're up to the Kung Fu/Hong Kong years with KILL BILL VOL.1.  When I first saw the film I was a little disappointed, especially as David Carradine and Michael Madson were billed as being in the film, but neither of them show up for very long.  I bought the film on DVD, just to see it again before going to see vol. 2, and I liked it a lot better on the second round.  I like Kung Fu films, but I never became as obsessed with them as I did over early splatter films and film noir, so I'm missing some of the jokes (for example, the short documentary on the DVD points out that the actor playing the sword maker is actually continuing a role he made famous on Japanese television).  <br />The criticism that this film is too light or pointless sounds a lot like the flipside of the criticism that JACKIE BROWN (which was a fine film) was too serious and not enough fun.  Tarantino is never going to make PULP FICTION again, so everyone needs to get over it. PULP was an amazing moment where the right people came together with the right attitude and created a classic. I have no doubt that Tarantino will make something even greater, but it might take awhile.<br />In the meantime we have KILL BILL VOL.1 (with Vol. 2 opening in the theatres as I write this, and Vol. 3 is bouncing around in Tarantino's mind).  The weakest aspects of the film are Uma Thurman and Lucy Lui.  Thurman just doesn't have much presence (compare the way Travolta and Jackson's careers exploded after PULP FICTION to Thurman's near disappearance) and Lucy Lui is beautiful to look at, but never really seems to raise to the call in this film (we'll have to wait a few years before Tarantino casts Chiaki Kuriyama, who plays the young, crazed asasasin Gogo, in a film- she steals every scene she appears in). <br />KILL BILL is a fun homage to Asian cinema with touches of westerns and film noir mixed in for maximum violence.  In the documentary on the DVD Tarantino talks about how he's trying to create a homage to the Kung Fu film the same way Spielberg and Lucas created their homage to matinee serials in RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK.  This film was designed to be non-stop action, while Vol. 2 is supposed to be more character driven (like the director's other films).  Overall, it's a good movie, and I while I might consider it #3 if I were ranking the four Tarantino films (I'm sure film just to remind everyone that he did NOT direct Natural Born Killers, True Romance, Desperado, From Dusk to Dawn, etc.) it's a lot more interesting than most popular action films (like the Die Hard series) and funnier than most attempts at comedy today (Old School comes to mind).  For people who want to see PULP FICTION again, they should probably just watch PULP FICTION and forget about trying anything new.<br />With all of that said, we all know the DVD will ultimately be a rip-off.  After Vol.2 comes out you know there will be a special edition that will make this one seem pointless.  Tarantino still hasn't put in a director's commentary track (the only one he has recorded was for FROM DUSK TO DAWN, and he didn't even direct that film) and the extras are just the short documentary, a couple of songs by The 5,6,7,8s (who I find unlistenable, and I love surf punk music) and trailers of the director's other films. This is a good disc of KILL BILL Vol.1, but it won't be your last.
B000002L7R|5.0|Those who say this record is &quot;underrated&quot; or &quot;uncommercial&quot; seem to have overlooked its triple-platinum sales status or the two top ten hits &quot;Raspberry Beret&quot; (one of his best) and &quot;Pop Life&quot; (which still sounds contemporary today).  I suppose compared to &quot;Purple Rain&quot; it was a disappointment but think of it as Prince's &quot;Tusk&quot; after the &quot;Rumours&quot;-esque &quot;Purple Rain&quot;...the artistic high point following the commercial blockbuster.<br />And artistic high point it is.  The sumptuous psychedelia contained within drew references to Hendrix or &quot;Pepper&quot; and this is not entirely untrue--although Prince never loses his pop sensibility, which makes cuts like the ultra-catchy &quot;Paisley Park&quot; so entrancing.  The title track, which opens the work in colorful ethnic style, then turns to &quot;Paisley Park&quot; and the slow, layered ballad &quot;Condition Of The Heart&quot;.  &quot;Raspberry Beret&quot; will have you singing along to its Beatlesque pop hook in no time, and then things get funky (psych/funky, that is) for the superb &quot;Tambourine&quot; (awesome clavinet sound) and &quot;America&quot;.  The album glides to a finish with the jazzy finesse of &quot;Pop Life&quot;, the gospel-ish &quot;Ladder&quot; and the indulgent-but-still-totally-awesome &quot;Temptation&quot;, a track that tries to reconcile his lusty and spiritual sides in a haze of Hendrixian guitar work and sax playing.  Overall, this is one of his least lewd, most colorful and most sophisticated efforts, although of course being different from &quot;Purple Rain&quot; was a case of &quot;too much, too soon&quot; and he had to come back with the funky &quot;Kiss&quot; a year later.  In retrospect, it is one of the two or three finest works in his catalogue, with not a duff track in sight and an overall sound that will make you come back for more.  Highly recommended.
B0000C8AVR|5.0|No, this album doesn't have the immediate satisfaction of his early albums or the easier lyrics of his 70s albums.  But once you're hooked on Dylan, once his voice has become comforting instead of annoying, turn to Highway 61 and give it a chance.  For me, this album exemplifies the late 60s.  People were no longer as concerned with protest songs, because they already felt free.  I know the lyrics are obscure, but overtime they will mean the world to you.
B00009RAJJ|5.0|A few years ago I wrote a review of &quot;Tusk&quot; for Amazon in which I wished for a remastered 2-disc version much like the one we now have here.  The sound quality on both discs is now awesome, we get the full version of &quot;Sara&quot; and a full disc of outtakes, most of which have different arrangements to their finished counterparts.  In all, the liner notes, artwork, remastered sound and bonus disc make this a must; however, a few famous Nicks outtakes from the period, most notably &quot;Watchdevil&quot;, &quot;Lady From The Mountain&quot; and &quot;Smile At You&quot; are still missing--why not put these on instead of, say, the takes of &quot;Over And Over&quot; and &quot;Think About Me&quot;, which are almost exactly like the final versions?  Elsewhere, things are more enticing, like the nine-minute &quot;cleaning lady&quot; take of &quot;Sara&quot;, the beautiful acoustic version of &quot;Storms&quot;, the three working takes of &quot;I Know I'm Not Wrong&quot;, the electric &quot;Beautiful Child&quot; (which still works!), <br />the fuller &quot;Never Make Me Cry&quot; etc. (btw the jazzy, spacey outtake of &quot;Brown Eyes&quot; here is the same as that found in the &quot;Chain&quot; box set).  So, other than the usual minor gripes (&quot;Lady From The Mountain&quot;, for one, is a stunning song that should have not only made the bonus disc, but the original album itself!), this reissue is a long-awaited must to be purchased ASAP.
0790732254|4.0|This film is so mentally clausterphobic and emotionally intense that it's almost painful to watch, but simultaneously I couldn't pull myself from the screen. Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton both deliver incredible performances as George and Martha, married university intellectuals whose mutual hatred for one another and love for hard liquor spark some of the most degrading and sharply caustic dialogue I've ever seen on screen. But that's not where it ends: enter George Segal and Sandy Dennis as Nick and Honey, a young professor and his wife who come to George and Martha's for drinks after a faculty party. And there the turbulent psychological torture begins.<br />It's not enough for George and Martha to ridicule and torture each other with their abrasive dialogue; they drag the young, naïve-looking couple into it, resulting in a powerful climax. The entire film takes place over a couple of hours on that one night, so concentrated that it's hard to absorb all that is said or implied between the characters. As the night progresses, the words and actions between the characters become more and more vulgar and degrading; at times I couldn't believe I was seeing and hearing this, especially since it was filmed in 1966. It's a powerful piece of cinema, the dialogue is sharp and biting, the camera angles are superb, and the actors are phenomenal. The film is disturbing beyond words, but incredibly powerful. It even manipulates the viewer's mind; you're being dragged into the psychological torture too, whether you want to or not.
B00003CX9E|3.0|As many reviewers have noted, this movie was ranked #1 in AFI's list of 100 greatest movies of all time; however, one should take into consideration that AFI's ranking of films was almost entirely based on the aesthetics of film making. Any film maker/director/producer will tell you that Citizen Kane is an artistic masterpiece, but Welles does this using many (at the time) new filming techniques such as camera angles, character placement/proxemics, form, framing, et cetera. <BR>     The movie's plot is a different story. Charles Foster Kane is based on the real life man William Randolph Hearst, who was a newspaper tycoon during the late 19th century to the mid 20th century. The storyline will be boring to most casual movieviewers, so take discretion. I personally found the story a little interesting (due to my interest in history), but those looking for high suspense and action should go see another movie.
034544678X|4.0|This is the best book I've ever seen that explains in plain terms how your dog sees you and your behavior and why dogs do the things they do. The author is extremely knowledgeable, but she's also clearly a dog lover. The book is well-researched and well-written. I enjoyed the anecdotes; they helped illustrate the author's points.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|I'm the kind of guy who never buys CDs, EVER. However, I heard JET's &quot;Are You Gonna to be my Girl?&quot; on the iPod commercials and went online to find the song. Normally, I'm content to just download songs and listen to eRadio. But, with JET I kept finding songs I liked. Eventually I decided I had to go buy the CD.<br />Now it proudly sits as my only bought CD, and one of my favorites. I love the sound of JET because it reminds me of classic Beatles mixed with a modern touch. I've recommended this CD to countless friends, and listen to it myself almost daily.<br />1. Last chance (2/5) I don't much like this song because it doesn't have the best intro, and seems somewhat mindlessly repetitive.<br />2. Are You Gonna be my Girl (5/5) This song is excellent. Whenever I hear it I have to start moving! I'm having trouble reviewing it because I keep dancing in my chair. Great rock sound.<br />3. Rollover DJ (5/5) This song's virtue is in its lyrics. You just have to learn them, then you can't help lipsyncing to the song.<br />4. Look What You've Done (5/5) This is my personal favorite on the album. An awesome piano part, empathetic lyrics, and anybody can sing along with ease, indeed its hard not to. Its a welcome break to the first 3 solid rock songs.<br />5. Get What You Need (4/5) This song is the perfect mix of Beatles harmony and Doors guitar. The only problem is that the repetitive chorus get a bit tiresome after four minutes.<br />6. Move On (4/5) Move on is a bit weird, thrown into the middle of the album. It departs from the rock in the first half of the album, and becomes some what like country. However, the inventive lyrics and the vocal harmony compensates for the poor genre choice.<br />7. Radio Song (5/5) Another favorite of mine. This song is very similar to Look What You've Done, with better lyrics. However, there is a repeating bit of guitar static which gets kind of annoying.<br />8. Get Me Outta Here (3/5) Get Me Outta Here is very similar to Get What You Need, except it is shorter and the lyrics are less inventive.<br />9. Cold Hard B**** (4/5) This song has a dramatically different singing style than the other songs on the album. Also, the lyrics are pretty good (but a bit profane).<br />10. Come Around Again (4/5) Yet another country-like song. I like this one because it has a catchy chorus.<br />11. Take It or Leave It (3/5) I can't really tell the purpose of this song, nor can I understand the lyrics at all.<br />12. Lazy Gun (3/5) This song is weird but has an inherent quality of likeability. Still, the chorus is in a completely different genre than the verses so the song sounds slapped together.<br />13. Timothy (5/5) Timothy has to share the prize for my favorite on this album. A slow moving and strange, its lyrics, about a boy named Timothy who apparently dissapeared in his home made spaceship, is made great for no apparent reason.except it is shorter and the lyrics are less inventive.<BR>9. Cold Hard B**** (4/5) This song has a dramatically different singing style than the other songs on the album. Also, the lyrics are pretty good (but a bit profane).<BR>10. Come Around Again (4/5) Yet another country-like song. I like this one because it has a catchy chorus.<BR>11. Take It or Leave It (3/5) I can't really tell the purpose of this song, nor can I understand the lyrics at all.<BR>12. Lazy Gun (3/5) This song is weird but has an inherent quality of likeability. Still, the chorus is in a completely different genre than the verses so the song sounds slapped together.<BR>13. Timothy (5/5) Timothy has to share the prize for my favorite on this album. A slow moving and strange, its lyrics, about a boy named Timothy who apparently dissapeared in his home made spaceship, is made great for no apparent reason.
B00005JMSE|5.0|Hey, this is just a great diversion, well-written, with a heart. This was the perfect movie to bridge the gap between an 18 year old boy and his mom for their Birthday-Ditch Day movie. I liked it, this 46 year old mom. Hellboy has a heart and soul, and the characters were likeable enough to be sympathetic. I will see this again on DVD, and will probably buy it for my Sci-Fi collection of movies.
B00005JM02|5.0|To be honest I did not really want to see it but it was a great movie and was a good story where Nemo was the only fish of his dad that survived and his Dad tries to get him and the best part of the movie is the Turtle that was pretty cool I liked<BR>Story 10 Acting 10 Direction 10 Action 7 Entertainment 8<BR>Overall=45/50 This gets a 90% and also deserves its 5 stars<br />Buy if you are the fan of animated movies it's good
B0000CDLA7|2.0|I think Awake and Scenes are great albums, full of musical inventiveness. The sheer cheese factor, plus the lack of any soul in the playing or indeed singing (he's SO cringeworthy!) will always keep dream theater as a second tier thing for me. The musicianship is extraordinary, the arrangements are NOT, the solos sound as if they were bashed out in minutes, rather than taking the hours we know petrucci put in before when writing. He is one of my absolute fave guitarists in terms of note choice and melody, but here the duelling scale runs really aren't very interesting. Stream of Consciousness and in the name of god are FAR too repetitive, Endless Sacrifice loses itself in a pointless, directionless midsection which builds to nothing more than a previously heard riff. It's the sound of a lot of talented players bashing out an album really quickly. They'll never sound raw, their playing's too polished for that, so this doesn't come across as an angry album, more an incomplete one- it isn't a rounded listening experience, but a draining one. perhaps a bit of time off before the next album would do some good- right now they don't have much to offer my ears. I hope they pull another one out of the bag though- if they go back to arranging songs, rather than throwing crazy keyboard lines over metal riffs
B00003CXB7|4.0|When my dad was in the Marines back in 68 this was the movie every one loved and it is a good movie.yes it is no where as good to being the TV show but that was unstopable but this one was pure insanity just like the 1st season of MASH plus you get the Football and the shower scene it is pretty exciting.<BR>Story 6 Acting 7 Directing 9 Action 10 Entertainment 10<BR>Overall=36/50 wich gets a nice 3.5 stars rate 4 on this.
0425170349|5.0|This is one of my favorite books of all time.  Mostly because I don't read that much, but still it's a great book.  Tom Clancy does a great job showing how counter-terrorists try and stop terrorists around globe.  Even showing their emotions is a great touch for this military thriller.<br />                                  ...Zach
B0000AMRJD|5.0|Tony Montana is the man that comes from Cuba after he gets in to trouble in his home land and yada yada yada then he becomes a huge King Pin this is one of the best films in the history of films and I am looking to buy this movie it is really grat.This is the most reveared Rappers movie even over the Godfather this is not Pachinos most known charector that would be Micheal Corleone but this maybe his best performance in a movie and I strongly recomend this movie to anyone who loves rap the Godfather the Goodfellas are whatever.Extremely great movie<BR>Story 10 Acting 10 Direction 10 Action 10 Entertainment 10.<BR>Overall=50/50 Buy this with the Godfather,Dirty Harry,Die Hard,<BR>Terminator,Patton,and other manly classics this is great
B000002MY3|5.0|I bought the CD shortly after the release of Hand in My Pocket, not knowing what to expect, and was drawn in from the first phrase of track 1: All I Really Want. When You Oughta Know kicked in, I was hooked. The mixes balance emotive melodies and lyrics with raspy or smooth backing tones and strong rhythms. The formats vary among Cheryl Crow electric folk rock, Carole King ballads and Joni Mitchell acoustic message rock. The textures float easily from soft piano to heavily-clipped, overdriven guitars. Throughout all of the tracks the vocals and lyrics are center stage. It's always great to hear a work that represents both passion and professionalism.
B0000A02TZ|5.0|Listed as a source as the cult classic in movie history.This is a great roll by Belushi who does great here plus it is just crazy wild parties all the way through out.This was the motivation behind Porkys,Revenge of the Nerds,and Old School it was also the off shoot of the movie Mash this movie should not be missed if your a fan of Teenage trouble movie.Great experienc and plus there being know point at all in the movie was good this is a entertaining and fun movie for every one<BR>Story 5 Acting 10 Direction 10 Action 10 Entertainment 10<BR>Overall 45/50 this is 90% But definantly gets 5 stars
0800141660|4.0|Historical detail magnificient and wonderfully adapted. Jane Austin is one of my favorite authors and Emma Thompson did a great job of writing the screenplay.  There is suble humor and the actors are so well cast.  Not just for women. Great for anyone who enjoys this historical period. Costuming, and sets take you back and the actors place you side by side with them as you live it, rooting for the good girls to win!
0679736646|5.0|This book is fantastic! I have to admit that Ubik was the first Philip K. Dick book I read and I was thrilled by his concepts. I loved this book from the very first page on because it is...abnormal. In the meantime I have also read a couple of other Philip K. Dick books but Ubik is the one which is above all them.     The kind of ideas he throws at you are just stunning. Objects are morphing back into earlier technologies (a fancy high speed elevator transforms into an old cable operated thing), a talking door threatens to prosecute one of the main characters, messages from a dead guy, the picture of the same dead guy turns up on money coins, and last but not least the all important question: are we dead or is everybody else dead?    The book has only 200 pages and not a single word is wasted. The story is superbly, and plotted in a complex way which takes countless unexpected turns. Every single time when you start to believe what this is all about, it just changes in such a drastic way that you have to put your thoughts together from scratch.       Philip K. Dick is a master in his own genre and I don't think anybody else dares to enter his realm. The only sad thing which is currently happening to his brilliant stories is the way Hollywood turns them into cheap blockbusters, such as Pay check. I can understand that the complexity of his stories can not be easily turned into movies but using 10% of his genius ideas and 90% action crap is not good  Enough!
B000062YAZ|5.0|from start to finish this lp is pure speed. it's only 28 minutes, but it's the most intense 28 minutes you'll ever hear. angel of death,peice by peice, jesus saves, altar of sacrifice,criminally insane, they all shred. if you don't own this album go out and buy it now.
B000089RVX|5.0|This is an example of a long awaited good rock album that has been denied from the music industry.  It's been a long time since an entire album could be call worth your money.  I was anuent to buy this until My Immortal came into the scene, even though the album does not hold another superb melancolic ballad like the before mention, the tracks that compose all the record, are worth the listen, one of my favorite non-single tracks is &quot;Everybody's Fool&quot; that would be a perfect follow up to Immortal, a song that focus on how can we be fooled by someone in our life...other killer cuts are Haunted, Tourniquet, of course there are the anthemic previous singles &quot;Going Under&quot; &amp; &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; that will stand as classic modern rock.
B000002H33|5.0|this is another awesome pre sellout album. not a bad song on the album. from the pure speed and aggression of battery to the roller coaster ride called orion, puppets is an amazing album.
B00005JMEW|1.0|It was good, to an extent but it was too preditable.  Granted the fight scenes were ok but it seemed as though they were redundant and for that matter it felt like it took a while to kill anyone.  I thought i was in a bad mood when i saw it the first time, so i watched it again and realized how bad it is.  Maybe the second one will redeem it but as for right now i didnt like it at all.
B00005V9HH|5.0|This is the unique story of 5 criminals and an anonymous crime lord. This movie is a masterpiece with an amazing ironic climax.  A few may say the movie is wierd or complicated, but they just didn't understand the thing.  The Usual Suspects is not your usual film, and will probably need a second viewing in order to fill in the gaps in your mind as well as the questions that hit you time after time. This story is great because the plot does nothing but puzzle you for the entire duration of the movie, then in the last 2 minutes most of your questions are answered and you can lean back in your seat holding your head thinking &quot;what a great movie that was, but I think I have to watch it again because there was something I didn't quite understand&quot;. No matter how many times you watch it, you always seem to pickup something you didn't quite understand or catch the last time. The scenes don't get boring, the action doesn't just jump in at the opening scene, the films is filled with those catchy film dialogues that are nothing but great, and the climatic twist will leave most of you banging your heads with frustration because you had no idea what was coming to you. The well-chosen cast sinks into the plot and is so well constructed and believable that you're going to hope its all fiction. This movie is ironic, suspenseful, mysterious, classic and most importantly, cool. This film is a classic that we can compare all other movies to.
B00004T9UF|5.0|When I first bought this album, I returned it.  I was ten at the time.  But today, I have again purchased the album.  Eminem is a genius and he is deserving of every good word said of him.  The only reason people attack his character is because they know that he's saying all the things that we WANT to say, but can't because we're restrained by society's expectations of us.  Those of you who can't deal with his music because you find it offensive, do us all a favor and turn off the TV or the radio when he comes on and let the rest of us enjoy him.  You're not obligated to listen to him.  No one's forcing you.  As for myself, I find his music invigorating.  &quot;The Way I Am&quot; was the first song I ever heard from him, and is still my favorite.  All in all, I loved this album and I think it's a well deserved wake up call to everyone who thinks that holding their tongues and not saying what they mean is a wise thing.  Nothing good ever came from shutting up.
B00000ING2|4.0|This is a great movie from the Coen brothers.  It is not a violent or gory as some of their other films, but there are certainly some very devious characters.  The movie includes a heavily character driven story, it is very well paced and fun all the way through. The visual style is brilliant, showcasing the Coen brother's ability to make film footage of ordinary settings seem surreal and slightly comic bookish, and they keep it up consistently for the length of a movie. This inevitably aids their storytelling by making the movie's world distinct and vivid as a setting for the characters who are equally ordinary yet unmistakeably unusual.
0440178002|5.0|Shogun is a story of high drama and excitement set upon the stage of feudal Japan. The protaganist is Blackthorne, an Englishman who captains a Dutch privateer around 1600. He comes to Japan and becomes embroiled in the politics of that time, learns about bushido, falls in loves, and befriends one of the most powerful people in feudal Japan.<br />When he comes to Japan, it is a completely alien society to him. He is unprepared for a civilization that regards money and trade with disdain, and where life can be thrown away so easily. It is a place where duty overshadows every other virtue. If you read a lot of science-fiction, you'll notice that a similar them exists in &quot;first contact&quot; stories where humans come in contact with aliens that have bizarre worldviews. In some ways, the culture of Japan as presented here is just as strange as (or more than) any of these extraterrestrial cultures. By the end of the book, you will comprehend the beauty and values of the culture, and characters that acted in nearly incomprehensible ways will become logical.<br />The politics and intrigue are riveting. It is fascinating to be taken into the minds of many different characters as they vie for power--yet you are never taken all the way in. A shadow always conceals much of the ambitions and strategies of the key characters.  The plotting is unpredictable, while at the same time being entirely believable--because the characters make it believable.
B00003CXCT|5.0|Yes, I really do like the Special Edition versions, and I am glad George Lucas is releasing these films in this format and not the original.  It is looking at the big picture.  I don't think George Lucas would have made special editions of these films if he wasn't planning on making Episodes I, II and III to complement the original trilogy.<br />The first three films needed to be updated in effects and style so that a person could sit down and watch all six episodes in a row and have it seem like one long picture.  With the update in technology available since the original trilogy came out, it only makes sense to update Star Wars, Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi as well.  All six films can fit perfectly together after the release of Episode III in 2005.<br />Yes, it would have been nice to have the original trilogy in the original format alongside the special editions.  However, the bigger picture is for all six Star Wars pictures to look the same for the story's sake, not because of George Lucas' ego.
B00005RY7X|5.0|This is my first review and I'm glad I'm able to review such a fantastic CD! Andrew W.K. may not be the most well-known or most-liked artist, but he certainly does know how to party and he does more than show us that in his album I Get Wet.<BR>The Track Listings and a short summary of each:<BR>1.) It's Time to Party: The best song about partying ever! It's fast, it's got a die-hard keyboard part, and it was written about the escalating situation in Iraq. Weird, huh?<BR>2.) Party Hard: Hey, it's THAT song. Yeah, that's party hard. &quot;Let's get a party going, now it's time to party and we'll party hard.&quot; Through an insane, inspiring litany of Party Hard-Party Hard, Andrew W.K. shows us that when you party, you're going to party hard.<BR>3.) Girls Own Love: Simply said, a song that starts off a little slow but gets into ass-kick mode at about thirty seconds, and is about how girls can take our hearts and throw them away like a used condom.<BR>4.) Ready to Die: One of the greatest songs on the CD, Ready to Die has a catchy rhythm to it, and also proves the point that when you've lived your life to the fullest, you're Ready to Die.<BR>5.) Take It Off: A song that shows you can take off your phony, macho attitude and just be yourself because if you don't, you'll &quot;get that black eye again.&quot; Lol.<BR>6.) I Love NYC: Andrew's small homage to the great city of Manhattan.<BR>7.) She Is Beautiful: (My sister HATES this song but it's the best on the CD). This song summarizes his feelings for a girl by chanting &quot;she is beautiful&quot; in the chorus over and over and saying he &quot;ain't got nothin' to lose&quot; if he asks her out.<BR>8.) Party Til You Puke: Umm...party til you puke? Lol. Good song.<BR>9.) Fun Night: A night of partying is also called a &quot;fun night.&quot; You can thank Mr. Wilkes-Krier for that one.<BR>10.) Got To Do It: This song is a little more mature than the rest, as is Track 12. It basically says that you shouldn't stop doing whatyou love and keep on doing it.<BR>11.) I Get Wet: The Best adrenaline rush in the history of music. He said this on his website ([...]) that you will get wet in life, and that's true: you will get wet whether it be from sweat, blood, semen, or girls' lubricant, you will get...wet.<BR>12.) Don't Stop Living in the Red: The most mature song on the CD, you should always live in the red zone of danger and hard parties.<BR>I hope you liked my first review! Check it out for others, too. Later skaters, and PARTY HARD!!
B0001BKAEY|2.0|The Matrix trilogy isn't an awful movie... but by no means is it a great one. This movie is filled with interesting fight scenes and characters you can love, and love to hate but (which im sure im not going to be the last to say this) the acting is very poor. I found myself zoning out until the next fight scene. and even then, though the graphics were good, you could tell exactly when the cut scenes and where the graphics took over, it lacked a smooth transition. Its a trilogy that needs to be watched, but it shouldnt be highly rated.
0393317552|5.0|Here's a synopsis of what the other 600+ review of this book say:<br />1)  The book is revolutionary, important, compelling.  Mr. Diamond really makes you think about why the countries of Europe dominated the contest when continents came into contact rather than the other way around.  READ IT.<br />2)  His point of view is not the only one that exists.  The sweep of his thesis is huge, and other commentators have taken different approaches.  For example, Mr. Diamond disclaims any racial or cultural explanations for the broad sweep of history.<br />3)  The book could have been shorter.  This is a book that you can &quot;gut&quot; fast if you want to.  Speed read.  Skip paragraphs or whole pages.  Mr. Diamond seems to anticipate that students will be assigned chapters of his book, so he repeats himself in order to make each chapter stand alone reasonably well.  Each chapter makes new points, but it also restates old ones.  (&quot;Too long&quot; is the complaint of most reviewers who gave this book less than five stars)
B0000028RR|5.0|I love it just as much today as I did when I bought it almost 12 years ago.  It kicks so much ass, in a lot of ways, there really isn't a better rock album.
B0001IN0DA|5.0|The Matches were:<BR>World Heavyweight Championship<BR>Triple H vs. Chris Benoit vs. Shawn Michaels <BR>WINNER - CHRIS BENOIT - no comment<br />WWE Championship<BR>Eddie Guerrero vs. Kurt Angle<BR>WINNER - EDDIE GUERERO - suprised me at end when Eddies shoe came off1<br />Goldberg vs. Brock Lesnar<BR>Special Referee: \\"Stone Cold\\" Steve Austin <BR>WINNER  -  GOLDBERG - Really Stone cold won because after goldberg won, stone cold stunned both of them<br />Undertaker vs. Kane <BR>WINNER - UNDERTAKER - uh....<br />United States Championship<BR>John Cena vs. Big Show <BR>WINNER - JOHN CENA - 2 F-Us by J.C. Wow!<br />The Rock and Mick Foley (Rock 'n' Sock Connection) vs. Ric Flair, Randy Orton and Batista (Evolution)<BR>WINNER - EVOLUTION - connection should have won!<br />World Tag Team Championships Match<BR>Booker T and RVD vs. Mark Jindrak and Garrison Cade vs. La Résistance vs. Dudley Boyz <BR>WINNER - BOOKER T AND RVD - ah...<br />WWE Tag Team Championships Match<BR>Scotty 2 Hotty and Rikishi vs. APA vs. Basham Brothers vs. Self-Proclaimed World's Greatest Tag Team<BR>WINNER - SCOTTY 2 HOTTY & RIKISHI - boring<br />Playboy Evening Gown Match<BR>Sable and Torrie Wilson vs. Stacy Keibler and Miss Jackie <BR>WINNER - TORRIE & SABLE - stupid!<br />Cruiserweight Open (WWE Cruiserweight Championship)<BR>WINNER - CHAVO GUERRERO - My favorite is Rey Mysterio<br />Women's Championship<BR>Victoria vs. Molly Holly<BR>If Molly loses, she must shave her head bald<BR>WINNER - VICTORIA - Molly is bald now!<br />Christian vs. Chris Jericho <BR>WINNER - CHRISTIAN  - Couldnt believe the end with Chris. and Stratus.
B000060P79|5.0|Whoever doesn't like Simple Plan is obviously into a different kind of music. For an example.. If you love Eminem or 50 Cent.. then its almost obvious that you might not like Simple Plan.. Just because some people are into different types of music, doesn't mean that Simple Plan are as bad as they say. They're not even bad at all. IN MY OPINION, they're the best rock band out there. They're completely awesome in shows, and real life.. They're the most down to earth band out there, with the BEST music. If your looking this CD up to maybe buy it for your children, I'd say this is the best choice. They do NOT teach your children any bad words since they don't swear ONCE in their entire CD and they sing about personal life experiences that they have went through, AND that several teenagers might be going through right now. They helped me out of the WORST days I was having, so obviously they're a good band. Eminem's music raises gangster-type people who're obsessed with violence, listen to his music! On his first CD he had songs such as &quot;Kill you&quot; and a lot more.. Simple Plan doesn't teach violence or doesn't give any bad influences, they're the best band and the best choice of music to listen to. I hope my review helps!!
B00005JMEW|1.0|I had been told by a friend that this was a \\"great movie or even one of the best movies of last year\\" and that it was action packed, funny, but that it was very violent.  After hearing this but reading some positive reviews I went out and paid my $20 for the DVD thinking that it had to be at least decent.  In the past I thought that Pulp Fiction was ok and I had really liked From Dusk Till Dawn and Desperado was good but after an hour of trying to like this movie and giving it more than a fair chance I could hardly watch another minute of it.  I learned nothing in the first hour that made me want to watch any more nor did I care about any of the characters.  It seemed as though Tarantino had cut and pasted clips and themes from past movies along with ones from other movies to throw together this messy \\"wanna be\\" martial arts spoof.  I really cannot understand how some of the other reviewers could call this movie anything but a boring, violent, stupid waste of time but I guess some people can't get enough of this kind of thing. For some people the plot and story don't really matter and its the shock value that they like. This type of action may have been appropriate and even funny in films made years ago like in the quirky vampire spoof film From Dusk Till Dawn. However it really is time for Tarantino to progress, evolve, and get away from this same silly plot of sudden shock scenes while the audience sits back with oohs and ahhs and tries to figure out how and why all the wierd action fits into some supposedly genius developing plot that we have seen a hundred times before in other films of this type.<br />At this point I don't care anymore how all the killing and violence fits into the story.  I already see enough real killing and violence from watching the nightly television news programs. If you waste and hour of my time and I still don't care about any of the characters in the movie then another hour or more is not going to do anything more for me.  The last movie I struggled through like this was Vanilla Sky which was two hours of a painful mind torturing film to find out that none of what you had watched made any difference and you could have just watched the last 15 minutes and skipped the rest of the movie.<br />Movie watchers now expect more than the same old garbage from past films and this film just doesn't cut it anymore (no pun intended). This is the type of film that makes Hollywood look bad and it deserves negative criticism. Even worse is that this kind of film  keeps people like me away from similarly hyped movies and forces me to be much more cautious about my future DVD purchases.  I rate this film two stars more than my most recently disliked film (Vanilla Sky, I rated minus one star) and so I give this film a SINGLE STAR for at least showing some interesting camera work. Beyond the fancy camera work and action editing in some of the scenes I highly recommend that you save your money and your time and try a different movie.  Better yet if you want to see this Tarantino style of movie done the right way I recommend that you watch any one of Tarantino's previously inspired films that he worked on such as Desperado, Once Apon A Time in Mexico, From Dusk Till Dawn, etc.
B0001HAHXW|1.0|Well artistically this guy's career hasn't gone anywhere so it looks like he's trying to re-hash the 'distinguished white guy playing delta blues' image.  You know the one that he put out on VH1 and MTV in the early 90's. This album is just as watered down and terrible as his version of 'I shot the sheriff'. If you have any interest in Robert Johnson listen to Robert Johnson. If you have any interest in other musicians take on Robert Johnson listen to the stones Let It Bleed album. At least Keith Richards recognized that it was stupid to even try to attempt doing Love In Vain like Robert Johnson's version. This album just goes to show what an un-imaginative rip-off artist Eric is. It also stinks that this guy sets the standards for blues artist today. Trust me if you listen to Howlin Wolf, John Lee Hooker's Detroit recordings, Skip James, Lightnin' Hopkins, Little Hat Jones, or Bo Diddley you'll realize that the entire art form was a lot better off before this schmuck ever came along.
B000002TPS|4.0|Youthanasia must have one of the best starts in the history of heavy metal with 3 fantastic songs in a row. Reckoning Day/Train Of Consequences/Addicted To Chaos alone are enough to make this CD worthy of any metal collection.<br />By then we are introduced to the first chords of A Tout Le Monde , and altought is not a bad song, it turns out to be the weakest of all the CD, it is a not so subtle song written with the live shows in mind. From there the album never goes to the brilliance of the first three songs, and sometimes seems a bit reashed from other Megadeth albuns, but it keeps a solid pace to the end with great solos and lyrics worthy of attention. <BR>Also worthy of mention on Youthanasia are the choruses on every song, simply brilliant.<br />Youthanasia was clearly a move towards a more commercial side of Megadeth, but after almost 10 years after the release still is a must have for any Megadeth/heavy metal fan.
B00000J7SS|5.0|In his quest for the original, Miles has struck gold.  I believe the second CD is stronger than the first, and the composition &quot;Feio&quot; is the most original jazz number I have ever heard.<br />Many of the musicians on this album would move on to front their own exciting  combos.<br />Miles' playing is pointed, focused, and as skilled as I've ever heard it.  Ditto Wayne Shorter, who continues to be one of jazz saxophone's most exciting voices.  The backup band contributes its share of grunts, arghs, groans, and an occasional riff.  The other interesting side person is the bass clarinetist.  All the overrated John McLaughlin can contribute is some single-bar outbursts of speed guitar and curiously static Bo Diddley-like backup chops.  Fans of jazz guitar will be disappointed.<br />All and all, this is one very daring journey into seemingly uncharted waters.  Give this thoroughly original album a listen, if you dare.
0790729652|5.0|A phenominal hit when it was released in 1989, the jagged darkness of &quot;Batman&quot; has been perfectly realized by director Tim Burton. Michael Keaton's brooding portrayal of the Caped Crusader seems just right, and Jack Nicholson nearly steals the show as the horrific Joker. Kim Basinger plays Bruce Wayne's love interest; Billy Dee Williams and Jack Palance play smaller parts.<br />The film is also a technical triumph. The Oscar-winning production design is superb, and Danny Elfman's score brilliantly captures the eerieness of Gotham City. As good as &quot;Blade&quot; and &quot;X-Men&quot; were, they cannot match this dark--but genius--interpretation of a comic character.
B000000OQF|5.0|Do you like head banging, ear bleeding, crank up your stero till your sub woofer pops hard rock? If so, Appetite for Destruction is for you. First released 1987, this LP has sold over 25 million copies and continues to sell several thousand a week. From the introductory primal screech of electric guitar in Welcome to the Jungle to the blistering sounds of Paradise City to the hear tearing ballad, Sweet Child O Mine, Appetite has it all. All the lyrics are double entendres and can be interppreted in many ways for many people. The lyrics can be catchy and soulful at the same time. If you like Hard Rock, this albulm MUST be in your collection.
0790730960|4.0|Though not as successful as its 1989 predecessor, &quot;Batman Returns&quot; comes close. Even darker than the original, director Burton packs a more engaging storyline into this sequel. Abandonded at childbirth, the horribly-deformed Penguin (Danny DeVito) plots against Gotham City with crooked buinessman Max Shreck (Christopher Walken in a brilliant role). Batman (Michael Keaton) seems to have met his match, as he's also up against the vicious Catwoman (Michelle Pfeiffer).<BR>Though Keaton's role was every bit as good as his first outing, the star of this film really is Danny DeVito. He plays the Penguin so well that the audience almost feels sorry for his character. Walken and Pfeiffer deliver excellent performances as well. Burton's flair for visual eye-candy is present here; he engages gloomy production design and jaw-dropping special effects. <BR>As with the first film, the Batman character--and his entire world--is intelligently portrayed. The only reason &quot;Batman Returns&quot; isn't on par with the original is, well, it doesn't have Jack Nicholson.
B000001ELB|3.0|GREAT COLLECTION, BUT NOT ORIGINAL MIXES. MOST IF NOT ALL THE TRACKS ON THIS RELEASE WERE RE-MIXED. I MYSELF DON'T CARE FOR RE-MIXES. AFTER YOU'VE HEARD THE ORIGINALS FOR SO LONG, IT'S HARD TO LISTEN TO THE SAME SONG THAT'S BEEN RE-MIXED. SO SINCE I OWN ALL THE REMASTERS, I MADE MY OWN DOUBLE PLATINUM COLLECTION, NOW ALL IS GOOD. I DID USE STRUTTER'78 SINCE IT WAS RE-RECORED WITH A KIND OF DISCO STYLE. BUT I GUESS IF YOU DON'T MIND THE RE-MIXES THEN THIS IS YOUR CD, IF YOU'RE JUST GETTING STARTED INTO KISS. SPEAKING OF THE REMASTERS.. I THINK IT'S HIGH TIME THEY FINISH WHERE THEY LEFT OF AT, WITH HOT IN THE SHADE, AND STOP PUTTIN' OUT THESE BEST OF GREATEST HIT PACKAGES. MOST OF WHICH IS FULL OF RE-MIXES LIKE SMASHES,THRASHES AND HITS AND WHAT EVER ELSE. LIKE EVERYBODY ELSE, I LOVE KISS, BUT ANYMORE IT'S ALL ABOUT THE $$$$. THERE NOT HURTING FOR IT SO IT'S TIME TO STOP WITH ALL THESE COMPILATIONS THAT'S GOT ONE OR TWO SONGS ON IT THAT PEOPLE DON'T HAVE AND THEY KNOW THE CONSUMER IS GONNA GO BUY IT. BUT I KNOW ONE CONSUMER WHO ISN'T. PEACE.
0805062971|4.0|This book hurt to read, and yet I've rated it with five stars.  Oh yes, it was a good kind of hurt all right.  Chuck of-the-unspellable-last-name has written a great novel, it's almost a shame that too many people will be turned off by the graphic violence and nihilistic attitude.  But then again, we don't want all those Brittany Spear's wannabees to read this . . . <br />This book was the perfect anti-thesis to all the cloying, witty Chit-Lit {think Wendy Holden} that I had been reading.  It was harsh, beautifully cynical, and funny in a sick-sad way.  Even with all the scenes that literally made me shaky and queasy, Palahniuk wrote in part of incredible stillness and beauty {look for them, there are there - e.g. when the narrator is describing how he first met Tyler}.<br />Overall, while I don't want to be defined by my couch or my khakis, I wouldn't mind be just a little more materialistic and owning a few more of Palahniuk's books.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Tarantino is a genius of film. No question about it, his movies are fun, witty and violent. Everything American culture has come to love. When I saw this movie all I could think about was what came next. Part 2 I predict will be far better. My only gripe with this DVD is the lack of special features. Basically it is limited to musical performances(which I think suck) and some movie trailers. I'm hoping the release of Kill Bill Part 2 will at the very least have director commentary.
0676973779|4.0|A very interesting novel.  This book seemed come in waves, alternating between logical rationality and highly imaginative writing that bordered on fantasy.  It was this variation that kept me fascinated with this novel.  I would recommend this book to people who don't need a lot a gratuitous action but instead would rather focus on characters and their motivations.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|Very moving music. That reminds you of a very powerful movie. As the movie reminds you of the sacrifice that was made for us, the music reminds you too. I keep connecting a line from Saving Private Ryan with the movie - &quot;earn it.&quot; I feel that we need to earn the sacrifice that was willingly made on our behalf. As the music helps us remain conscious of that sacrifice, it helps us to work each day to &quot;earn it.&quot;
B0000AQS0F|1.0|I have to say this is a terrible tv show. Its funny how your allowed to put your comments here yet just for giving your honest opinion on this show you get crucified. The fact is that Firefly was canceled cause it sucked and the movie will bomb as well!
B00006F7S4|4.0|&quot;Seachange&quot; is different from Beck's previous album of mostly folk ballads, &quot;Mutations&quot;. Previously, many of Beck's stylings were more self-conscious and detached. It seemed as if he was merely copying the sounds of his influences and not being entirely convincing when being heartfelt. But that changes in &quot;Seachange&quot;. While he is known for his irony, wit, unique and actually fantastic worldview, this CD is not about that. It's about making Beck authentic when he cannot rely on his irony and humour. This can only help him as an artist. And here, the aching and yearning in his voice is real, and the  songwriting and production have progressed greatly. I believe &quot;The Golden Age&quot; to be one of his most accomplished songs ever. And many tracks are dramatic and complex. <br />However, the theme throughout this CD, both musically and lyrically, is pretty much the same througout. The theme of disillusionment and the bitterness of lost love can seem depressing and monotonous, perhaps because it is convincing. Also, on some tracks, it sounds as if Beck has been listening to a lot of Nick Drake, and on these occasions he once again falls into mimicry. <br />But ultimately, this CD is a true coming of age for Beck. Those wanting more of his renowned diversity and shifting of styles, not to mention his absolutely unique take on the world, will have to wait. Though I see it coming in grand, spectacular fashion. In the meantime this is a certain Beck faze that is moody and mellow, but it has undoubtedly changed him permanently. Melodic and low-key, with polished production and deceptively simple instrumentation- this CD showcases one certain aspect of Beck. Though there is so much more. And that other, larger-than-life aspect of Beck, which in the past has been accused of being too clever and too insincere, gets a major dose of reality from this CD.<br />[I give this CD 4 stars, though I always want to give Beck 5 stars...]
B00006CXSS|2.0|I was very disappointed in Band of Brothers (BoB).  <br />Good points: The battle scenes were impressive and as much as watching it from the comfort of your living room can, made you feel like you were there.  Although being in the situation depicted must have been horrendous and a million times worse than any TV show could portray.  I liked the interviews with the actual soldier's, before each episode.  This gave the program some real depth.<br />Disappointed in the following: I felt the episodes were disjointed and difficult to relate one to another.  I did not really have any strong feelings towards any of the characters portrayed in the series.  This was as a result of those characters being very poorly developed.  I also found, other than the lead character, very difficult to keep track of who was actually who and I felt, though the situation that was being portrayed was horrific in most cases, that I was not engaged by the acting or the characters.  Considering the length of the series it was not developed as well as it could have been to draw the viewer in.<br />Saving Private Ryan, even though it was much shorter than BoB, for me, was a much more vivid, stronger, character driven, and (for someone who has never been in combat like me) realistic than BoB.
B00005JKNF|5.0|At first sight Gosford Park appears to be just another country weekend movie featuring British aristocracy and their hangers on with a murder thrown in.  That is not what this is. Beneath the tip of that iceberg of the rich and titled, roars a mighty engine of people working hard, getting little respect, and having lives of equal value, overlooked oppressed, but creators of all there is in this world<br />  My grandmother's friends from church were all women who sometime in their lives had been servants, whether they had become social workers, teachers, or house wives.  Inevitably, when they would come over after church, a discussion of &quot;their people&quot; they had worked for as servants would break out. It was always the same thing, of the incapacity of people used to paying people to do things to achieve simple tasks, look at things from common sense, and despite their self-images as beneficent employers how &quot;their people&quot; constantly overloaded them with tasks beyond their job, and had absolutely no concern or knowledge of their needs to take time off for personal or health reasons.  Sneaking and listening to them, I heard many rather dramatic things about movers and shakers in our town and the national from these old women.<br />  Not much changes. About 15 years ago, a friend who had been a writer and editor for years moved to California. Through an old high school friend, he landed a job working in the home of a very prominent movie star, a job that was supposed to get him set up financially and a job that would end up getting him in touch with people in the movies and the papers that could land him a job or provide contact for his own writing.  When, I went to visit him, he had the same kinds of stories and stupidities to tell that those ladies who were friends of my grandmother told. Moreover, no one would bother to talk to him about his writing and editing, because none of the people he would want to know about his work because none of them noticed him because he was a servant.<br />  In a superbly acted movie, with great roles for everyone, we see how this world operates. Altman's brilliance here is that all this is done in a human, compelling, often funny, sometimes gripping manner.<br />  On the DVD you will listen to the writer of the film explain how each thing you think may be a wild exaggeration, or some weird exception in the behavior of the upper classes was something he himself saw or heard friends and relatives say or do.<br />  Of course,  it is not just the servants in the big houses, but all the working people all around the world whose work is hidden, who needs are abused, who provide the basis for everything and get no recognition.  Maybe we ought to change that too. Click on the about me tab above to find many books on Amazon about making THAT change!em noticed him because he was a servant.<BR>    In a superbly acted movie, with great roles for everyone, we see how this world operates. Altman's brilliance here is that all this is done in a human, compelling, often funny, sometimes gripping manner.<br />    On the DVD you will listen to the writer of the film explain how each thing you think may be a wild exaggeration, or some weird exception in the behavior of the upper classes was something he himself saw or heard friends and relatives say or do.<BR>     Of course,  it is not just the servants in the big houses, but all the working people all around the world whose work is hidden, who needs are abused, who provide the basis for everything and get no recognition.  Maybe we ought to change that too. Click on the about me tab above to find many books on Amazon about making THAT change!
0156907399|4.0|Those who come to Virginia Woolf for the first time do not know quite what to make of her style.  Most authors structure their novels in the traditional rising action, climax, falling action manner.  A linear line of plot is most often the key to their works.  In Woolf's novels, she eschews such straight line plotting in favor of a weirdly blended kaleidoscopic view that makes relentless use of both a stream of consciousness narrator and interior monologues.  In TO THE LIGHTHOUSE, Woolf tells the tale of a married couple, the Ramsays, who lived in England just before the First World War.  The Ramsays are the prototypical Victorian family replete with servants, a summer beach house, eight children, and a keen awareness of the fragility of life.  What happens to them is neither earth shaking nor memorable.  What happens within them is of far greater consequence.  As Woolf focuses on each character, she presents a highly subjective view of the internal thought processes of that character.  Each thought is like a ripple caused by a stone thrown into a still pool.  Woolf allows her character to meander not only spatially (from point to point) but also chronologically.  Events are described as if they were occurring within the literal present, but most often the events are from the past merging into the future.  Thus, the plot ripple pool is constantly crosscutting each other with events removed from each other both in space and in time.  It is no wonder, then, that readers unfamiliar with such an expanding and contracting temporal flux are confused.  Woolf challenges her readers to involve themselves in a manner that requires a dedication to reading not often found in more traditionally structured novels.<BR>     <BR>As one reads from section to section (there are three: The Window, Time Passes, and The Lighthouse), one becomes aware that the novel's primary symbols--the lighthouse, Lily's painting, the sea, and the internalized thought processes of Mrs. Ramsay--functionin a manner that does not become clear until after one has read considerably into this admittedly puzzling work.  The initial clue lies within the title of the book: &quot;To the Lighthouse.&quot;  Thus, the lighthouse is seen both as a starting point in a journey (its radiating beacon of light lies close to the Ramsay's summer home) and a destination in that the youngest of the Ramsays, James, wants to go there, but it takes him ten years to do so.  Lily is Lily Briscoe, a close friend of the Ramsays who seems to have difficulty painting a portrait of Mrs. Ramsay, no great surprise there since that portrait points not so much to Mrs. Ramsay as it does to an abiding life-long interest of Virginia Woolf herself: the desire to impose order and form on a universe that is inherently chaotic.  It is crucial to note that Lily succeeds only at the very end of the novel when Mrs. Ramsay has long been dead, thus emphasizing the ephemeral nature of her task.  Mrs. Ramsay's personality also is a barometer of Woolf's belief that the post Great War society of England would forevermore be seen as formless as Mrs. Ramsay's meandering thoughts.  The first section &quot;The Window&quot; forms the bulk of the book.  It is here that Woolf depicts a rather ordinary family who collectively symbolizes the inability of individuals to leave an abiding footprint on the shifting sands of time.  In the second part &quot;Time Passes,&quot; time does indeed pass, ten years worth.  The home of the Ramsays falls into decay that requires the re-entry of the surviving family members to invigorate it and themselves in the final section &quot;The Lighthouse.&quot; Lily's painting of the now deceased Mrs. Ramsay allows Virginia Woolf to claim even a minor victory in the ultimately losing battle against cultural entropy.<br />I suspect that the major reason that most readers have with this book lies in their immediate recognition that they have to pay a great deal of attention to psychological free associating.  As the characters' thoughts bounce off each other both temporarily and spatially, so must those of the readers, a most imposing task.  But for those with persistence and an eye for the nontraditional in plotting, the effort is usually worth it.
1592400876|1.0|I am sorry that I followed the hype in the UK when this came out. It is a cute read for British English but gets tiresome fast.<br />The Sunday NY Times review put it better than I could -too late - I'd bought it - the book is unfunny and, to my dismay, unhelpful - in fact, wrong, since it is British punctuation and of little help in the US.  I'll save it for my next trip to the UK.<br />While nice to punctuate properly, it's better to have something to say and say it with skill and grace.
0876855575|3.0|I have to say I was a bit disappointed with Bukowski's autobiography.  It lacked the humor and immediacy of his other writings.  Not sure why he felt the need to lay out his life in such explicit terms, especially since his books generally tend to be autobiographical. He is at his best in books like Post Office, which have a James Thurber quality, albeit a bit raunchier in his take on life.  Still, it is his poetry and short stories that stand out.  Bukowski had a way of capturing those odd moments like no one else, even when delving into the seemier aspects of his life.  But that ability was sorely lacking in this book.
B00005JKC3|1.0|This movie was horrible. I hated it. Its the worst Marvel movie out so far. Its very bad. I do not recommend this!
B00006CXSS|5.0|So many reviewers here miss the major point, even though their reviews are appropriate. Even with a goal as important as defeating the Axis powers in WWII, the army knew (knows) full well that, when the shells and bullets start flying, geopolitical goals are not likely to keep a &quot;bunch of men&quot; in battle for long. The only hope of getting people to do what the men of Easy Company (and countless others) did is to get them to care about and rely upon each other as much as (or more than) a &quot;Band of Brothers&quot; do.<br />I think the major point of the movie is, &quot;look, here is what it takes (boot camp, world situation, some particularly awful battles/campaigns, etc.) to get a very disparate group of men to care about each other more than they will care about anybody else the rest of their lives&quot; (which the veterans repeat over and over). And thankfully for us, they did! It's why they still cry when recalling their lost buddies even after 50+ years--many people will not get that emotional when recalling the death of a family member after just a few years. And yes, there were certainly just as dramatic and heroic stories on the German (Italian, confederate, N. Vietnamese, etc., etc.) side, but this is not necessarily a movie about WWII. It's a movie about a &quot;Band of Brothers&quot;, and what it took for them to &quot;adopt&quot; each other--it just so happens that there were a number of well-documented, especially compelling events in WWII that demonstrate the concept particularly well. Perhaps it's also a lesson to dictators, men will ultimately fight more courageously  for each other (and by extension, democracy) then they ever will for each other PLUS a fuhrer, or emperor. It's cliche, but the series does show, extremely well, both the absolute best and absolute worst of human nature. Thankfully it concentrates on the best!
B0001907DA|5.0|Althou this series is truely very unbelivably silly, it is still one of the best series out there.  I know I wrote a review on this already, but I didn't say much in it, so I'm writing a second review.
B000002J03|5.0|Just 6 months after recording their fantastic debut album Led Zeppelin went back into the studio to record their second album (unoriginally called Led Zeppelin II but then it's the only thing that is remotely boring about this fine collection), which is incredible if you consider it's quite normal for major bands to take up to 5 years between albums nowadays. But such was the creative spirit within the band that they actually surpassed the standards of their debut album.<br />Already international superstars \\"Led Zeppelin II\\" roared to number one all over the world. Most of the tracks still being staples of most album orientated radio stations and that's 30 years after its release.<br />This is an album of Jimmy Page's rock riffs so huge, John Paul Jones / John Bonham rhythms so heavy and deep, and vocal styling from Robert (Percy) Plant that the heavy metal genre this classic record helped to create has tried for decades to catch up, mostly never ever coming close to matching the majesty of the monster that was Led Zeppelin in full flow.<br />And is it any wonder as this period found the band at the peak of their hard rock creativity before they branched out into more experimental music on later albums. Never ones to let the grass grow under their feet this lot.<br />The album starts off with the trail blazing \\"Whole Lotta Love\\" (used as the theme tune for the English Pop singles show \\"Top Of The Pops\\" for years, which was pretty ironic as Led Zeppelin never released any singles, a firm policy set by man mountain manager Peter Grant), a woozy Rock `n' Roll epic that was based on one simple sledge hammer riff, but giving plenty of scope for Robert Plant to show off his incredible vocal range in its trippy mid section. After \\"What Is And What Should Never Be\\", which on any other album would be the stand out track, you get the musically brilliant but also hysterically funny \\"Lemon Song\\". \\"Thank You\\" is a love song, which usually brings out plenty of derision but certainly not in this case. Then a trio of rockers in \\"Heartbreaker\\", \\"Livin Lovin Maid\\" and \\"Ramble On\\". The guitar solo in \\"Heartbreaker\\" literally tears the paint off walls. In \\"Moby Dick\\" John Bonham is allowed to show us why he was considered to be the best rock drummer ever, and one listen to this leaves you in no doubt that he was and is still sadly missed. The album finishes in fine style with \\"Bring It On Home\\" where Robert Plant adds another dimension with his harmonica playing. A fine way to close the album.<br />There must of been a wonderful moment at the conclusion of this recording session when the four members of the band, and probably the manager, sat down for the first time to listen to the playbacks and realized they had just laid down on tape, music that would change the face of Rock `n' Roll forever.<br />Pawed by Mott the Dog<br />Re-mastered by Ella Crewtainly not in this case. Then a trio of rockers in \\"Heartbreaker\\", \\"Livin Lovin Maid\\" and \\"Ramble On\\". The guitar solo in \\"Heartbreaker\\" literally tears the paint off walls. In \\"Moby Dick\\" John Bonham is allowed to show us why he was considered to be the best rock drummer ever, and one listen to this leaves you in no doubt that he was and is still sadly missed. The album finishes in fine style with \\"Bring It On Home\\" where Robert Plant adds another dimension with his harmonica playing. A fine way to close the album.<br />There must of been a wonderful moment at the conclusion of this recording session when the four members of the band, and probably the manager, sat down for the first time to listen to the playbacks and realized they had just laid down on tape, music that would change the face of Rock `n' Roll forever.<br />Pawed by Mott the Dog<BR>Re-mastered by Ella Crew
B00003CXDV|5.0|Galaxy Quest will have you rolling on your living room floor.  It's a parody of the Star Trek series and its fans, but it isn't mean-spirited in this ribbing.  Fans of the series who don't take themselves too seriously will be able to thoroughly enjoy this movie.  Tim Allen plays the domineering captain of an old science fiction television show called Galaxy Quest.  The way he tries to steal attention from his co-stars is taken directly from William Shatner's grandstanding.  The stand-out performance comes from Alan Rickman as Dr. Lazarus, the Spock of the Galaxy Quest series.  Tim and Alan are continually sniping at each other which brings on the laughs.<br />The story opens with the cast of Galaxy Quest making an appearance at a convention for Galaxy Quest fans.  Obviously, the only one who is enjoying it is the captain.  All of the other cast members are in living hell.  During the convention, even the captain loses his enthusiasm.  While in a deep depression, he is contacted by some strange fans who turn out to be real aliens.  Can the washed-out actors of Galaxy Quest handle a real space crisis?  Check it out.  You'll laugh yourself to death.
0920668372|5.0|Those of you that truly believe in a mothers unconditional love for her child, and the child loving her just as unconditionally, will without a doubt find that your eyes fill with tears as you read this gem of a book. I cannot recommend this book highly enough. It truly is a heartwarming story filled with love and one that I will enjoy with my children for years to come. I hope they too read it to their children.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|When you hear someone say &quot;Beatles&quot;,what do you immeadiately think? People might think different things. My thought is that of the greatest musical group ever founded on this planet.<BR>They were phenomenol, and althoguh I have never heard any of their things on a record (I wasn't alive in the 60s, 70s, or 80s) they stil;l amaze me.<br />Love Me Do- This is a really good song.  It is jsut simply amazing.  9/10<br />From Me To You- This is a song that maybe they shouldn't have put on here, but I still think that it is growing on me. 7/10<br />She Loves You-Whether you have this CD or not, I bet almsot everybody has heard this song.  A classic. 10/10<br />I Want To Hold Your Hand- This is ok. It can get a little repetitive (I wanna hold your hand/I wanna hold your hand/ Now let me be your man/ Now let me hold your hand) but it's ok. 6/10<br />Can't Buy Me Love-  The first Beatles song I ever learned on the electric guitar.  It's so much fun to play and so much fun to hear my teacher sing it (he doesn't havea good voice ;)) (Hats off to my teahcer, he's the one that gotr me hooked on the BEatles) 10/10<br />Hard Days Night-  This is another song I learned on the guitar.  I love the Beatles chord. Not as good as the previous track, but still awesome. 9/10<br />I Feel Fine- I really wish I knew how to play that thing on the guiatr at the beginning of this song.  This is another favorite of mine. 10/10<br />Eight Days A Week-This is a really bad song in my opinion.  Sorry 4/10<br />Ticket To Ride-Probably one of their msot famous songs.  Great! 9/10<br />Help!-This song can crack me up, but it's still pretty good. 8/10<br />Yesterday-This is a slower song.  Yesterday/All my troubles seemed/so far away. 10/10<br />Day Tripper- The only other song I learned in guiatr. Really cool! 10/10<br />We Can Work It Out- Whoa! It blew me away! 10/10<br />Paperback Writer- Not so good. 7/10<br />Yellow Submarine- AHHH! Were they drunk when they recorded this? 2/10<br />Eleanor Rigby-This song makes me cry, but I like it. 9/10<br />Penny Lane- This is an average song. 7/10<br />All You Need Is Love- I loves the sampling at the very end of their song 'She Loves You' 9/10<br />Hello,Goodbye- Ugh. 6/10<br />Lady Madonna- Reminds me of Madonna, but still a pretty good song. 8/10<br />Hey Jude-  Rwally long, but pretty good. 8/10<br />Get Back-LOVE IT!!!!! 10/10<br />The BAllad OF John and Yoko-I really only like the parts where Yoko sings.... 6/10<br />Something- Good for George! The only song he wrote on this album! 8/10<br />Come Together- OMG! So good! 10/10<br />Let It Be- Um..... 7/10<br />The Long And Winding Road- Great ending to a greta album. 9/10<br />Buy it!
B000063DHL|5.0|I absoulutly love this cd. Here is a rundown of the songs.<br />CAUGHT SOMEWHERE IN TIME-BEST OPENER EVER.Not just by Iron Maiden. This song is truly great. IT is never mentioned as Maiden's best song, but I do believe it should be mentioned up there with &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot; and &quot;Hallowed be thy name&quot;. Those two songs,this song,&quot;The Prisoner&quot;, and a song to come up later on this cd are my 5 favorite Maiden songs as of now.<br />WASTED YEARS-Cool opening riff, that is also in other parts of the song.The lyrics in this song are pretty inspirational.The song itself is pretty good and inspirational too.<br />SEA OF MADNESS-This is probably Maiden's loudest track ever. It is a heck of a song also.The lyrics are good and the instruments are all working well in this song.<br />HEAVEN CAN WAIT-ONE OF MY FAVORITE MAIDEN SONGS!It is tied with &quot;Caught somewhere in Time&quot; for my favorite song on this disc. IT has the best lyrics on the cd. It is like an awesome 7-minute musical rollercoaster ride.AMAZING!<br />THE LONELINESS OF THE LONG DISTANCE RUNNER-Wow,long title for this song.Despite the not so good lyrics in this song it is still excellent.<br />STRANGER IN A STRANGE LAND-This is a good track. Great lyrics and great everything in another one of my favorites.<br />DEJA-VU-This is the song that I don't listen to alot on this cd. It<BR> isn't bad, it just isn't as good as the other songs on the disc.<br />ALEXANDER THE GREAT-This is a pretty good epic to end the cd. Some people say they were going for another &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot;.I think that they were trying for something different. It is a GREAT song.
B0001907DA|5.0|This is an awsome box set and I love this box set and everyone should get it.
B00006EXL5|5.0|I was first introduced to MCR by a friend who sent me &quot;Headfirst For Halos.&quot; All it took was one listen and I HAD to hear more of their stuff. I think &quot;Vampires Will Never Hurt You&quot; is the second song I heard, and from then on, I was enamored with MCR. You can try to classify them in any genre you want, but that's just the beauty of it. You just can't say, &quot;These guys are definitely emo/punk/hardcore/whatever.&quot; I believe I read in an interview online that they just considered themselves a kick-ass rock band. And, all the way from Gerard Way's vocals, Ray and Frank's guitars, Mikey's bass, and Matt's drums, that's exactly what they are, with an emphasis on the 'kick-ass.'<br />The opener, &quot;Romance&quot;, is just about the only song on the CD that won't knock you flat on your ass. Even &quot;Early Sunsets Over Monroeville&quot; builds in intensity towards the end and is quite an amazing song. &quot;Demolition Lovers&quot;, possibly my favorite track, starts off seemingly slow, but also builds up intensity quick and then seemingly stops, only to start again slowly and continues into an insane breakdown. My Chemical Romance is now my favorite band, and 'I Brought You My Bullets, You Brought Me Your Love' my favorite CD. Though with MCR having a new CD coming out on, I believe June 8th, that may be changing.<br />All I have to say is: CHECK THESE GUYS OUT, they're awesome, and they deserve the support for all the energy they put into their music and devotion to their fans.
B0001AP12G|5.0|&quot;College Dropout&quot; epitomizes the direction that rap needs to go today and on into the future. His words speak volumes about the struggle inherent with being a young man whose decisions can either take him in a positive or a negative direction. The success of this work shows that killing 5 people, and f***ing 10 b***hes in the first 16 bars of your song is passe to say the least. Jesus Walks should be the new anthem for a society that badly needs a God to answer to.  I wholeheartedly recommend this album with no reservations.
B000002LK1|5.0|This is one of the best electronic albums ever created, and the sheer re-playability of it is stunning.  You listen once; good.  Listen twice; better.  You listen many times; perfect album.  The reason for this is the breath taking layering of sound that, unfortunately, is never as detailed again as it is here.  The lyrics are meant, and Enjoy the Silence really is the best song ever made.  No filler.  Just sheer brilliance!
B00003CX95|5.0|This was a fantastic film, period.  A lot of people are criticizing the movie for not being 100% historically accurate.  Well, just to save you some time, no, this movie is not historically accurate.  This film is about a 13th century Scottish freedom fighter named William Wallace.  Wallace is a national hero in Scotland and to this day is attributed by a massive statue that stand there.  <BR>The movie is a bit on the longer side, however these days, with all of these new epics coming out, three hours really isn't that long anymore.  The cinematography is fantastic, and the shots of the lush landscapes of Scotland and Ireland are breath taking.  The battle scenes are realistically gory, and the love scenes are often.  The film does a nice job of portraying Wallace's chilodhood adding some character development.  This film is great for those who love the hardcore brand of violence and for those who have a softer side as well.  I loved this movie. <BR>However, as you may have read from other reviews, this movie is not 100% accurate.  I think this is a ridiculous reason to not like this movie, because nothing is really that accurate.  I know the LOTR movies weren't all accurate with the books, but no one complained about those.  And in the second century A.D., there was no Gladiator that defied the emperor Commodus.  Commodus did in fact partake in the Gladitorial games, but as opposed to the movie, he won every match he fought; man or beast.  Everyone seemed to like Gladiator.  Braveheart is fiction, and a damn good fiction at that.  Don't be persuaded not to see this magnificent film because it's been to Hollywood.  As for the Scots upset at the inaccuracy of this film, get over it.  The American revolution wasn't won by a malitiaman running up a hill flying an American flag either. (The Patriot)
B00008BXJG|2.0|Sorry, I just don't get the hype surrounding this album. Maybe it's because it was Bon's last-- so fans are being overly sentimental, but it is not the strongest of the Bon era material. I love early AC/DC -- but this album pales in comparison to High Voltage and Dirty Deeds. Yeah, the song &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; is a classic -- and a couple of other songs are merely okay (The Girls Got Rhythm, Shot Down in Flames, Love Hungry Man). But this album is nowhere near a classic. If anything, it is the most monotonous album AC/DC ever made. You can skip this one. If you don't believe me -- fine, buy it. And watch how, after a couple of listens, it starts to gather dust.
B000060P79|1.0|Just a message for simple plan and their fans. Look this band really REALLY  does suck. Someone actually had the balls to say these guys are better then older bands such as the clash ect. I mean seriously WTF?!?!?!! Please grow up, stop watching TRL, stop listening to Top 40 and get outta the mall and maybe you will actually find true rock or punk or metal or alternative or SOMETHING but not this anything but this, this is pop through and through
B0001BKAEY|4.0|I agree with everyone else who disagrees with everyone who has seen the movie and gave it one star because it didn't transport them into a new stage of consciousness.<br />This is a very good, very cool, fun movie.  Good ending to the series.  A lot more action and a better story line than the second one, which was pretty darn good, too.<br />The first is still best, though.  The first one gets 5 stars. &quot;Revolutions&quot; gets 4.5.  &quot;Reloaded&quot; gets 4.<br />Go see it at IMAX if you can.  Otherwise, buy this DVD NOW!
B000002MJC|5.0|Currently, the amazon gage is showing this to be a 4 star album...  WHAT?!  Let's get something straight here.  This is the last 100% original DM album.  Now, I don't mind Ultra (although I am less sure about Exciter).  But Ultra is very much a Violator 2 (although, obviously, not as good thanks to filler), but SOFAD is just a truly original and creative work.  Up until this point, DM changes and transforms (both lirically and musically); with Ultra, however, it's not that the sound got worse, but the sound just was not different enough from earlier efforts.  SOFAD is an amazing album; 5/5.
0385335482|1.0|This book is awful - truly awful. I stopped at page 72, so there is a possibility that it improves - but I doubt it. It is poorly written and dreadfully uncompelling. The plot is thinly woven and the characters are flat and unlikable. I have heard many people describe this as a \\"fun book\\" and if you find second rate fluff \\"fun\\", then this may just be the book for you. The problem that I have with this book isn't that the subject matter is uninteresting, but that the author has a modicum of writing talent at best. I don't like to be harsh about the abilities of others, but I feel it is fair to say that in the hands of a more skilled author this could have been a charming story. Unfortunately, this book is not much better than what you would expect to find in your average twelve year old's diary.
B00004XONN|4.0|Unlike with OK Computer and Hail to the Thief, I didn't immediately get into Kid A. In fact I was really disappointed at first. It isn't one of the easiest albums get into as it is much more electronic than their past albums. But I gave it some time and I began to see the greatness in it. I love songs like Morning Bell and Optimistic, but it isn't an album I can listen to straight through. There are a few songs I just don't enjoy. For that reason I give it 4 stars. If you love albums like OKC and the Bends, you won't necessarily enjoy Kid A, but if you come in with an open mind, you might. This is a very experimental album.
B000026OHN|5.0|When I got to Richter's version, I was delirious with joy. Highly intelligent and absolutely outstanding recording. Completely loyal to the work, disciplined, technically on the highest level, no perfectionism, no steering, very musical and passionate without dispensable sentimentality. He always has a comprehensive concept; full of verve but never exaggerated, meditative but not swank.
B00003CXC7|5.0|Rear Window is just as suspenseful today as it was when it was first released back in 1954. Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly are perfect in this priceless piece of cinema. The movie is brilliantly shot with only one set. Most of the movie takes place in the point of view of Jimmy Stewart's apartment. One would think that a movie with no change in the scenery would be boring, but it's not. This movie, incredibly, keeps your attention throughout the whole story.<br /><br />The suspense!!! This movie has some great suspense scenes in it that keep you on the edge of your seat (even if you've seen it a hundred times) Some great performances (Thelma Ritter and Raymond Burr top them off), wonderful writing, and of course, Hitchcock's direction make this a masterpiece that will be cherished always (at least by me).<br /><br />The DVD is great. It's great to watch the movie with crystal clear clarity and in widescreen. Special features are always nice features too, but this DVD would be a deal even without any special features.
B00004VWAF|5.0|People tend to focus on certain albums of Miles' discography as their \\"line in the sand\\". Because the trumpeter's career was dramatically divided into distinct periods and even micro-periods there are a number of places where certain listeners can say, \\"this far but no farther.\\" I know people whose love of Miles ended with Night at the Blackhawk, or Miles Smiles, or Bitches Brew. My own ended with The Man With the Horn. But perhaps one of the most controversial love-it-or-leave-it albums in Miles' discography is On the Corner. Looked upon as a sell-out in the 70s, even by those who loved the electric bands, this album has been vilified ever since. However, a careful re-examination thirty years later reveals an album that was radically ahead of it's time, though not perhaps even a jazz album anymore.<br />On the Corner was one of the last albums Miles did with his rotating, multi-layered electric bands of the early 70s. The albums after this would delve into avant-rock-funk of the Agharta period, before Davis took his complete hiatus and suffered his mid 70-s breakdown. Assembled for this disc is a typical conglomeration of the jazz-rock stars of the 70s, including Chick Corea and Herbie Hancock on electric pianos, John McLaughlin on guitar, three drummers including both the marvelous Jack Dejohnette and Billy Hart. Along with these luminaries were Dave Liebman and Sonny Fortune on saxes, fat funk grooves by Michael Henderson, Colin Walcott on electric sitar and Badal Roy on tablas. This lineup is probably the most complexly layered group Miles had in the electric period, and the inclusion of Indian instruments gave the album a world music groove that was years ahead of its time. <br />Most of the criticism that has been lobbed at this album has to do with the fact that, in many people's estimation it's not a \\"jazz album\\". What is meant by this is not always clear, and an old refrain that is leveled at just about every album considered a departure from the \\"tradition\\". There seems to be some complaint that On the Corner is devoid of improvisation. This is not true. In fact the album is one long improvisatory jam. What it doesn't have is a clear head-solos-head structure. Rather, the rhythm section provides a dense polyrhythmic carpet over which the horns solo in an extended manner. Also, Miles continued his trend toward significant post-production work in the mixing of the album. As a result, much of the improvisation by the band is used as source material for further creative manipulation, through electronics, and through other post-production effects. The result is a mix which is trance-like, hypnotic and a precursor to the trance and techno albums of Aphex Twins and others from the 90s. To jazzers, this post-production work signaled a retreat by Davis from the studio-as-club-date attitude of most traditional jazz sessions. But to my mind, this shows that Miles and company had really thought through the nature of electronic music. Rather than just playing on electric instruments and adding some bleeps, bloops and funk grooves to what was basically a 1960s jazz album, Miles added electronics idiomatically, creating a new art form in the process. Miles' jazz fusion of this period cannot be compared to his work in the 50s or 60s. It's a completely different animal that functions by different rules. <br />This is not an album that you can speak about in cuts. There are pre-composed pieces, and probably some pieces that were composed after the fact, by splicing together tracks and grooves and giving them shape. But each separate piece tends to blend into the next, prefiguring the DJ jams of the 90s. The result is funky and infectious, but also hypnotic. On the Corner may be demonized by traditionalists, but Miles was saying something here, and it's something that still bears listening to, after thirty years. Miles' music of this period is not dated badly at all and still has implications for younger musicians. Approach this as a sonic experience and not as a jazz album and you will be pleasantly surprised.
B000092ZYX|5.0|A few months ago I began to feel dissatisfied with my music collection. HTTT was the first album I got to try to correct this feeling. <BR>This album seems very disorganized to me, but that serves their purpose well in trying to analyze world events of the past few years. Although the title seems to focus on Bush, the album addresses politics in general and how the world seems to be falling apart. Hail jumps between several musical styles from acoustic to electric and soothing to frightening. There isn't really anyway to lump this album into one catagory. It is a great album with some powerful music and even more powerful lyrics. Not as good as OK Computer but I think it balances better than their last two albums. My favorite song from this album is Wolf at the Door.
B00005JMEW|2.0|The movie had me with its opening, rolling the very-70's &quot;Feature Presentation&quot; intro.  But the scenes where Uma wasn't slicing up Matrix amounts of bad guys were pretty slow.<br />The violence was so over-the-top that the movie, at times, played like a parody of Kung Fu films, something on the level of the &quot;Fistful of Yen&quot; sequence from the hilarious KENTUCKY FRIED MOVIE.  The other scenes were played so straight that it took the wind out of the momentum.  If the characters had been as interesting as those in PULP FICTION, this movie would've been a home run (and I don't mean the exact characters, just more developed in their own Tarantino way).  The great thing about the PULP characters was that you couldn't imagine a more wildy diverse group of people interacting.<br />In KILL BILL, characters exists to chop each other into bits.<br />If a love story is here, I think it's Quentin's ongoing love affair for Uma Thurman's feet.  Uma's tootsies were the first thing we saw in PULP FICTION (following a debate between Samuel L. Jackson and John Travolta about foot massages).  Tarantino actually has Salma Hayek's bare foot in his mouth in the horrible FROM DUSK TIL DAWN and Robert De Niro, under Tarantino's direction, appears to spend a lot of time staring at Bridgette Fonda's toes in JACKIE BROWN.<br />In KILL BILL 1, Uma actually appears to have a conversation with her bare feet early in the film and a barefoot Japanese girl band performs before the final massacre.<br />All of this reminds me of the Monty Python sketch where a filmmaker with enormous buck teeth makes film after film--and everyone in his films have monstrous buck teeth!<br />I wanted to like this movie more.<br />But the movie made that a little difficult.
B000000OQF|5.0|THE BEST DEBUT ALBUM OF ALL TIME.
B00006LI4S|5.0|Gilmour poored out his soul and just let it flow like he's never done before. This concert is not just another concert,it's an experience of quality sound from  a man who cares about what he does. SHINE ON&quot;
B00005B4GU|4.0|This is definately not my favorite Radiohead album. Although it isn't as electronic as Kid A, it is even less accessible for me. It is not an album that I could ever listen to straight through. There are several great songs on this album, and then there is Pyramid Song, which is my favorite Radiohead song. It is a somber and brilliant musical piece and saves this album for me. Although not a brilliant album for me, there are some brilliant spots.
B0001FR3IQ|3.0|A good L.A. friend who participates in critiquing screenplays sent me the GOTHIKA script and I read it before I saw the movie.  There was nothing really special about the script and the only mystery was WHO was responsible for the murders, not WHY.  You'd think, given the setting and characters, the script might have delved deeper into mental illness vs. evil.<br />But it doesn't.<br />The script (and movie) has a great hook: a smart doctor wakes up in her own mental institution and then has to figure out why.<br />I didn't think Halle Berry would convincingly play the psychiatrist before I watched it--I mean, I still see her as the sexy femme fatale from the James Bond movie.  Just too hot to be an academic.  But she won me over and I bought it.  I hope she continues to take wildly different roles because I've liked her in everything I've seen (DIE ANOTHER DAY, MONSTER'S BALL).<br />And I've got to give a big hand to the director and whoever else helped in developing the film: it's better than the script.  It never creeped me out as well as THE SIXTH SENSE but it overflows with atmosphere.  The rest of the cast is good, especially Robert Downey Jr.<br />A good spooky movie with no real shocks.  I wished it would've explored the concept of evil more (which doesn't mean I wanted more slasher-style gore).
0714843377|5.0|There are lessons within this book that you may have learnt. But with that busy life of yours that once the idea had popped into your head, it popped right out. This just acts out as a little guide book, a reminder perhaps to get you through to remembering what you really want and how to get it. Though it draws on advertising mainly, it can be presented in many levels. There are great examples, pictures... Nothing too boring that would make you set it aside and never touch the damn thing again. Something easy to pick up when you've lost all hope and motivation. Its language and simplistic manner is set out so that there is no &quot;drag time.&quot; There are books that span pages to get a point across, making it hard to pinpoint their exact meaning. Others too open to analogical readings. This is not one of them. Easy to reference, inspirational quotes, a great read really. An enjoyable one too.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Although I feel that Quentin Tarantino's reputation as of the the best directors of his generation might be overblown, I still can not deny the fact that his films have offered me great enjoyment in their unique and original style and very smart writing. I found Pulp Fiction to be his best, while I thought Reservoir Dogs was certainly ambitious but not the masterpiece that it was made up to be, being too gratuitously violent for my own personal taste, while Jackie Brown was certainly a disappointment. So it is with some interest that I watched Kill Bill, not knowing what to expect and what surprises were in store, typical of Tarantino's writing.<BR>And yes I did enjoy the film very much, yet I had some reservations too.<BR>The film is a delight to watch, and is crammed with homages, from Kung Fu films,David Carradine, Westerns, Japanese Yakuza movies to Japanese animation, and it really looked like Tarantino,similar to a child running loose in a toy store, was enjoying himself immensely with all the ideas and tributes that drives him as a director and as a first rate movie buff.<BR>The success of the film is in telling a very simple story of revenge and dressing it with various styles to animate and liven it far beyond its basic premise. <BR>The film was too violent and gory but in a totally different way: it was hilarious..Not unlike Sam Raimi's Army Of Darkness, the violence was too overblown as to render it comical rather than disturbing, especially the main fight scene towards the end, when Thurman manages to kill dozens of swarming gang members..<BR>My reservations about the film is the slightly pretentious air that hovers over the movie..The credits informs us in bold letters that it is the 4th film by Tarantino..and the idea of the main character was by QT (!!)..Moreover, stretching as I mentioned a very simple story into two films was a bit over indulgent.This is why when I left the theater, and despite enjoying all the hidden goodies of the film, I just didnot feel any lasting connection to it.<BR>Uma Thurman was as good as you expect her to be under the direction of a very sympathetic director like Tarantino, and Lucy Liu was particularly suited for the tough Yakuza boss role.<BR>Kill Bill is still a very good film that you will enjoy very much, more so if you do not dwell a lot on the 'genius and masterpiece' behind it all..Just a well directed and scripted film from a talented director who loves cinema's geniuses and masterpieces.
B000002TQV|5.0|The Bends is definately not as unique as later Radiohead albums. In fact the sound is quite ordinary compared to OK Computer. But despite that, it is still an outstanding album. It can be listened to straight through unlike a lot of Radiohead Albums. Even OK Computer has a song or two that I can't help but skip. The Bends starts off with the moderate tempo of Planet Telex which leads into the great title track. The album alternates between slower acoustic tracks like High &amp; Dry and rocking songs like Bones. The Bends closes with Street Spirit which shows the band's musical brilliance. This album is much more accessible than most of Radiohead's works so it's a good place to start out with Radiohead.
B00006SFLV|5.0|I saw this on UK TV many years ago. I ordered the DVD expecting the memory of the show to be much better than watching it again - I was wrong. Even though this is now almost 10 years old, it is landmark TV without which successful shows such as Dawson's Creek, 30 Something etc. could not and would not have been made. I wholeheartedly recommend this DVD. It's TV at its best and is as relevant and entertaining today as it was when it was made.
B0000AQVCL|5.0|I had absolutely lost faith in music until I hear this little Aussie band named Jet. My beliefs have been restored. There is a future for music and they hold it in thier hand. These guys rock and give a lot of soul. Must Buy!!!
B000054OXU|2.0|Let me begin by saying that I really like Neil Young.  I've followed him since his days with Buffalo Springfield.  I have virtually everything he's ever recorded on either vinyl or CD (usually both), and I even have a couple of bootlegs (sorry, Neil!) of concert performances.  I have the utmost respect for Neil Young, both as a songwriter and musician.  But with all due respect, this album sucks.  That's not to say that there aren't a few bright moments-- but in all honesty I have to tell you that this is the only-- ONLY-- Neil Young album that I have yet to ever be able to sit through all the way without taking it off.  I have always thought that Geffen Records did Neil wrong, but this album almost justifies their claims that he  intentionally recorded records that wouldn't sell while with their label.  I have to wonder if this was actually Neil's way of giving the label the finger-- sort of an inside joke that only he gets.  Maybe, but to those of us who actually paid money for it, it was a bit of a slap in the face.  I'm giving it 2 stars only because it IS Neil, after all, and because he deserves some kind of credit for having the guts to put his name on the line for an album this bad.  Sorry Neil, I luv ya, but I just can not recommend this one.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK Computer is simply one of the best rock albums you will ever find. It is more creative and unique than their first two albums, but at the same time it isn't completely out there like their later albums. The variety of guitar sounds is amazing and it's almost unbelieavable that there are very few electronic sounds used. The music ranges from slow laid back songs like The Tourist to powerful guitar driven songs like Paranoid Android. Paranoid Android features some of the best guitar playing you will ever hear. Thom's lyrics explore how technology is affecting humans for the worse and how he wants to escape. <br />    This is probably the best Radiohead album. It is an album that any music lover should own.
B000089CJI|5.0|After the first listening of this album I was pleased.  After the second listening I found myself humming the catchy tunes all day. After the third listening I was hooked.  I can no longer go somewhere without this cd in my player.  I once left the cd at home and I was at work searching the entire office until I found someone else with this cd.  (it turns out several people had it)<BR>The Postal Service gave new life to synth pop and added enough to avoid it being a rehash of the 80's synth sound. <BR>This cd is up there with Coldplay's Rush of Blood to the Head IMO.
B0001AVZA8|3.0|Something's Gotta Give was not exactly what I expected from watching the movie trailer.  I expected a movie to just knock my socks off especially since Jack Nicholson of all people was one of the leading actors.  Overall the movie was funny but what kind of woman in her right mind, 50 or not, would pick her daughters ex boyfriend over a handsome doctor that was obviously madly in love with her because of who she was.  Could you imagine sleeping with your daughters ex lover, icky!  The crying scene seemed to last forever, I remember laying in bed thinking is this movie ever going to end.  I don't mean to give this title a bad review just pointing out the obvious.  Definately a good movie to watch but I don't reccomend buying it.
B0000C6E4D|5.0|Sarah McLachlan's new Cd  &quot;AfterGlow&quot;  is truly a wonderully uplifting, inspiring cd.  The lyrics are phenomenal, and the ethereal sounds actually brought a little bit of tears to my eyes.  It is a beautiful album.<BR> I have never been a fan of Sarah.  I thought that she had talent in the past, and I could actually stand to listen to &quot;Building a Mystery&quot; but, her music never struck me.  Mirrorball held one song that I felt was decent to listen to, but I never really cared for Sarah's music.  That was until I heard Afterglow.  I bought the cd primarily for &quot;Fallen.&quot;  The lyrics, the sounds, the voice, all of these elements drew me in.  I loved the song and spontaniously bought the album (thank God).  When I got home to listen to it, I liked only one other song on it; &quot;Stupid.&quot;  I remember thinking that the album sucked and I had wasted my money on one song.  But then, I started to listen to it two more times.  By the third time, almost every song touched me, and with each listen I began to hear the ethereal sounds that Sarah and the music played to the ear.  The album is just beautiful.  I have alot of other cds (200) and enjoy most of them much, yet Afterglow is a completely different cd that offsets it from the rest of my collection.  Even my favorite singer Cher was somewhat put on the backburner for Sarah's Afterglow.  I think that in itself is amazing considering I am a huge Cher fan and not Sarahs'.  This cd was not and should not be boughten just because you are or are not a fan.  This cd is brilliant and spiritual, even for a non-fan such as myself.<br />         Michael
B00005IC2H|5.0|I started hearing about Sigur Ros through Radiohead comparisons a few months back, but had never heard any of their music. So when my cousin mentioned something about them I decided to check it out. I downloaded Agaetis Byrjun (the song) and was amazed by the unique vocals and soothing acoustic guitar. I immediately went out and bought the album and was completely blown away by the other songs. At first it was a little bizarre with the incoherent lyrics, but now that is one of the best parts. It allows you to come with your own meaning to the song and in spots I almost think he's speaking English. My favorite parts of the album are the beautiful string melodies in Staralfur(3), The powerful chorus of Flugufrelsarinn(4), and the musical imagery in Vidrar vel til loftarasa(7). <BR>There are many albums that you become sick of if you listen to them too much, but with Agaetis Byrjun that's not the case. I would recommend this album to anyone looking for something new musically.
1577311523|2.0|Two problems with this book:<br />First, you have to have an inclination towards this type of Zen non-thinking - for most Westerners this is a radical shift from our goal oriented, materialistic orientation.<br />The second problem with this book is that even if you are so inclined, other authors have articulated the &quot;no mind&quot; subject matter in ways that are far superior to this Zen for Dummies approach.  <br />Essentially, Tolle spits out one tiny pearl of  Hippy-Dippy wisdom and then yammers on and on, ad nauseum for the next 200 pages. Christ! It was like listening to my mother-in-law tell the same story, a hundred different ways.  zzzzzzzz.  Personally, I found this a tedious read.<br />I'd recommend the works of D.T. Suzuki, Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, Carlos Casteneda or Charles Tart for the serious aspirant.  In my opinion, The Power of Now can wait a little longer.
B00008977N|3.0|.  When I first played \\"Secret World Live\\" DVD on my 1080i 46\\" HD set I thought my monitor was malfunctioning. Yes, the picture is that bad. Forget about progressive scanning coming to the rescue for it only appears to make things worse.    Initially, I was going to return the DVD, that is until I really had a chance to listen to the concert itself. The audio track is thoughtfully mixed in 5.1 with creative sound artistry. In other words, stunning sound! The stage performance is quite good with great choreography and presence.    Steam, not one of my personal favorites due to over play, has new life breathed into it with a brilliant arrangement and interlude that is truly hypnotic. You'll find many of the songs on this DVD are arrangements you wont experience on \\"Growing Up Live\\" DVD; a style and arrangement that is somewhat unique to the performance's period of time in Gabriel's live genres.     True Gabriel fans would find this DVD a welcome addition to your collection.    Realworld Productions has yet to explain as to the poor mastering of the video. My observations on poor video quality: master tape was produced under less than optimal circumstances,  is of multiple generations in existence, perhaps stored incorrectly, a fit-to-screen process that may have had a 4:3 image pulled-in to fill 16:9 aspect ratio and not processed optimally for DVD.    Gabriel is about 41 in \\"Secret World Live\\" DVD concert footage and in \\"Growing Up Live\\" DVD he was 53. It's interesting to contrast the two; makes you realize you're not getting any younger!    Enjoy!!!    By the way, visit petergabriel.co.uk - a very interesting site.
B00005JMEW|4.0|I have good things and bad things to say about this movie, just so no one would take this as a full on rant (cause it isn't) I'll first list what I liked about it.  I like the fact that this movie is a bit (note: bit) different than any movie I've seen so far.  Of course he's taken lots of different things from other film genres but what film doesn't nowadays?  Practially every film has nearly been done and done to death, can't fault QT for that.  I loved the Anime part for Cottonmouth's story.  The first fight scene with Copperhead was brutal and I loved it, it was wild and unfilm like which added a level of realism.<br />Now for the bad (or near bad)<br />After the kitchen knife fight I was expecting something along those lines throughout the film.  Meaning, the realism of that fight scene made me believe that most of the fight scenes would have that same level of realism to it.  But as the movie went along the scenes just got more and more cartoonish.  Like the blood shooting out of every chopped off limb. Maybe it was something QT was aiming for and therefore was done on purpose but it just didn't do much for me.  It brought me out of the \\"realism\\" of the brutality in the movie (which IMO would have been better) and brought it to a out of this world fantasy.  Once again something QT may have been aiming for but did nothing for me.  Now don't get me wrong, I still loved the fighting in the movie, I even loved The bride fighting Cottonmouth's 17 year old guard.  But still there was something off about this movie.  Uma Thurman was off for me.  When she stabbed a guy and lifted him up in the air I couldn't help but roll my eyes at that scene.  IMO I think \\"The Bride\\" should have been a more bada$$ hard as nails type woman, Uma looks like a mouse to me.  The only scene she was remotely believable as \\"The Bride\\" was the Kitchen knife fight.  There I was like \\"Ok, this woman is ready to kill this b*tch\\"  But then as it all went practially in cartoon mode I was like \\"Ok, This woman is ready to be a super hero\\"  Which seems to be what QT was aiming for since in the previews for \\"Kill Bill 2\\" it says something about her becoming a hero.  But still Uma was all wrong for this part, it was hard to buy her as a bada$$ killing machine.  IMO, she just didn't belong.  I guess I have to see this whole movie as a live action anime film which it basically seems to be the route it took.  As for the violence, I can't see how anyone could even take it seriously enough to get offended by it, it was like something out of a cartoon instead of something real.  Also how come none of the crazy 88 carried guns?! I'm quite sure it would have been really hard for Cottonmouth to become Queen of the Tokyo underworld with the  mediocre sword using crazy 88 as her backup, the other Yakuza clans would have just pulled out their guns and blew them all away, but apparently no one uses guns in Japan.  Uma battling over 40 or 50 guys with swords? Give me a break (but I still liked it.)  Also the 'Viper death Squad' and 'the Bride' should be featured on \\"worlds dumbest assassins\\", e.g. She (bride) accepts coffee from a women she tried kill two mins earlier and actually drinks it, Copperhead is too dumb to even poison the freaking cup.  'California Mountian Snake' is too dumb to just push the top of the needle down to inject the poison before answering the phone, Bill is too dumb to just let \\"CMS\\" kill her, Cottonmouth is too dumb to hire compentant men who carry guns.<br />  But still, overall I still enjoyed the film, I liked the music, liked the story (good old fashioned revenge!) and I enjoyed the characters all but Uma, actually one reviewer was right when they said the only interesting characters are the ones 'The Bride' is killing off.  Also I can't really feel for Uma's character, I mean, I understand why she would want revenge, the beginning was brutal, but still I can't really feel for her plight.  So I'll give it a 3 to maybe 3 1/2 stars.k, This woman is ready to be a super hero\\"  Which seems to be what QT was aiming for since in the previews for \\"Kill Bill 2\\" it says something about her becoming a hero.  But still Uma was all wrong for this part, it was hard to buy her as a bada$$ killing machine.  IMO, she just didn't belong.  I guess I have to see this whole movie as a live action anime film which it basically seems to be the route it took.  As for the violence, I can't see how anyone could even take it seriously enough to get offended by it, it was like something out of a cartoon instead of something real.  Also how come none of the crazy 88 carried guns?! I'm quite sure it would have been really hard for Cottonmouth to become Queen of the Tokyo underworld with the  mediocre sword using crazy 88 as her backup, the other Yakuza clans would have just pulled out their guns and blew them all away, but apparently no one uses guns in Japan.  Uma battling over 40 or 50 guys with swords? Give me a break (but I still liked it.)  Also the 'Viper death Squad' and 'the Bride' should be featured on \\"worlds dumbest assassins\\", e.g. She (bride) accepts coffee from a women she tried kill two mins earlier and actually drinks it, Copperhead is too dumb to even poison the freaking cup.  'California Mountian Snake' is too dumb to just push the top of the needle down to inject the poison before answering the phone, Bill is too dumb to just let \\"CMS\\" kill her, Cottonmouth is too dumb to hire compentant men who carry guns.<br />  But still, overall I still enjoyed the film, I liked the music, liked the story (good old fashioned revenge!) and I enjoyed the characters all but Uma, actually one reviewer was right when they said the only interesting characters are the ones 'The Bride' is killing off.  Also I can't really feel for Uma's character, I mean, I understand why she would want revenge, the beginning was brutal, but still I can't really feel for her plight.  So I'll give it a 3 to maybe 3 1/2 stars.
B00006LLNU|5.0|After being blown away by Agaetis Byrjun, I didn't wait long to pick up this one. I was once again amazed by Sigur Ros. ( ) is definately different from AB but just about as great. At first the songs seem to run together because of the repeated &quot;lyrics&quot;. For this reason I didn't immediately get into this album as I did with AB. But once I listened a few more times I saw how each song was unique. Songs 1-4 are more upbeat (for Sigur Ros at least), while 5-8 are a bit darker. Track 8 ends the album with a bang as it becomes very loud and powerful. If you are about to buy your first Sigur Ros album I recommend Agaetis Byrjun and then ( ), as it is less accessible.
0385507755|5.0|This book was fantastic!  It was so intense and addicting in itself. I couldn't put it down nor did i want to. I finished it months ago but i'm still thinking about it and constantly recommending it.  It's very instense.  If you know anyone close to you who struggles with an addiction i highly suggest you read it.
B00005BJ9W|5.0|There has been much discussion about omissions/additions to this remastered version as opposed to the original. But as a musician myself, I can tell you without question, that the remaster, for whatever detractions that can be named about it, still stands alone among its peers in its technical beauty. Everything about this remaster is more sonically appealing - every instrument stands out more clearly, every vocal is more meaningful and more clear. It is a beautiful homage to what can only be viewed as the flawed original to the trained ear. The original is an undisputed classic, but no version of this album in any incarnation can hold up to the awesome sonic complexity of this remix. Utterly amazing. If I could give it a million stars, I would.
B00005JMEW|3.0|This film is a blood fest delivered as a sly wink with Tarantino's tongue planted firmly in his cheek. He pays tribute to many films in this movie, particularly Honk Kong martial art films of the seventies. Like good rock and roll, the film explodes into action from the beginning and really doesn't let up until the last scene.<br />One can see that he and the cast had a good time making this film, and the fight scenes are hilarious and way over the top. Revenge is the film's theme taken to extremes and Uma Thurman does a fine job seeming to capture exactly what Tarantino had in mind.<br />There were moments in watching the film that I wanted to take it seriously, but as the blood gushed forth endlessly, this was difficult to do. Tarantino appears to have a compulsion about seventies kitsch; somehow intending to make the tasteless and outlandish move beyond hip. The movie is tasteless, ultra-violent, but violent in a comic book context. I suppose this is why the violence lost its impact, because it's meant to be fantasy, dreams of a pubescent boy.<br />There is no depth to this film in terms of narrative because it is really all about imitation and form. This film is not about the story, but a rendering of style, delivery and surfaces that sparkle. It is advertising copy stretched into a feature film. And as all good advertising does, it will grab our attention, dazzle our base emotions, manipulating our sensibilities, turning us into impulsive shoppers.<br />This film is very clever, but that's exactly the point. This is about the wonder boy, Tarantino, reinforcing his image as wonder boy filmmaker, proving again how clever he really is. It is cleverness for its own sake. However, if one goes beyond the tired pastiche, ad copy rendering, and seventies music, Kill Bill is a cheap thrill though good fun while you're watching it, but is easily forgotten as the last credit rolls.
B00005JMEW|1.0|&quot;Kill Bill&quot; absolutely sucked! And this is coming from someone who loved &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot;. Please don't waste your precious time and money on it.<br />It was beyond boring and the acting was embarassingly bad.<br />I feel sorry for Tarantino.  &quot;Kill Bill&quot; seems like a desparate attempt to recapture the intensity he had with &quot;Pulp Fiction&quot; but with this one he failed miserably.
B0000VAFO0|2.0|The maincharackters is absolutley bad acting...<BR>the silver car did not fit to this movie...lol<BR>the story of love and 2 arguing famalies are like romeo and julia...its cool story..but the endfight is just ...blua..<BR>as the boy gets to the mixture of WW-WP ... they just painted him green...thats so stupid..i expected a big killing monster wich fights against Victor but they just painted this guy with green color..lol what the..fu..
B000002C1W|1.0|This is the album for you if you believe that Ringo Star could go and hire 3 other guys and call it \\"The Beatles\\".<br />Although Dave Gilmour did contribute much to the band, he was not an original member of Pink Floyd-lest anyone forget.<br />Many years later, by his own admission, founding member Nick Mason didn't even drum on the record because he was \\"out of practice\\" (read the credits, several drummers names appear), but Gilmour could not carry on using the name with Mason being part of the mix. Also Nick Mason wrote NOTHING here. I doubt he was even around for any of the sessions to be honest.<br />The other founding member here, keyboardist Rick Wright also admitted much later to just adding a bit of keyboards to the backround of ONE TRACK which was already really finished, keyboards and all, before he came along. This was a device by Gilmour to lead creedence to the law suit filed against him using the bands name, since he could then state that founding member Wright technically did appear on the album. Wright also wrote NOTHING here, and he was a big part of the sound and music of the original band, as well as the strongest musician in the band (although the over-rated Gilmour always seems to get credit for this).<br />I don't think I need to mention also that primary writer/founding member Roger Waters left the band at this time, as did founding member Syd Barrett many years before.<br />What you have left is a Dave Gilmour solo album and it should be called that.<br />It was noted by record company executives at the time that the record needed to sound more like Pink Floyd, so reportedly Gilmour and producer Bob Ezrin (Gilmour's real writing partner on this album) kept going back into the studio and playing about with the material to get it to sound more like the mass public's general concept of what Pink Floyd should sound like.<br />I was in my mid-20's when this record was being recorded and I remember in great detail reading all about the court cases with Roger Waters, the greedy Pink Floyd managers and the record company that led up to this recording. They were many articles published about this at the time and immediately after and it became apparent to anyone reading these that the Pink Floyd name was simply a pawn to be used to make the record company, Dave Gilmour, and Floyd's managment richer.<br />If the Beatles had been an 80's group, you can bet that the greedy vultures in the music industry would still have new Beatles product being put out with a band that consisted of maybe just Ringo, or even his son, as the only \\"original\\" member  touring and recording as the Fab Four.<br />Give me a break.<br />As far as the music goes, well, I don't think they suceeded either. This is a Dave Gilmour solo album all the way. No Pink Floyd album was this guitar heavy and some of the solos go on forever endlessly, and say nothing. Gilmour's writing isn't even up to par with his own previous offerings during the \\"Dark Side\\" album.<br />There's only one exception here. The wonderful instrumental \\"Terminal Frost\\". This track just simply works. But make no mistake about it. This is a Dave Gilmour solo track. It even sounds like an outake from his \\"About Face\\" album.<br />The real reason this band continued is because of the failure of Dave Gilmour's 2 solo discs and the money hungry record company dudes who figured (or hoped) that nobody knows who is in the band anyway. But weren't these folks rich enough already?<br />At least things looked up with the much better follow up album \\"Division Bell\\" where Rick Wright actually composed, played, and sang on, and reportledly Nick Mason as well, though I still have my doubts as to Mason's actual involvment with this band, except on tour and when it comes to collecting the bucks.ers, the greedy Pink Floyd managers and the record company that led up to this recording. They were many articles published about this at the time and immediately after and it became apparent to anyone reading these that the Pink Floyd name was simply a pawn to be used to make the record company, Dave Gilmour, and Floyd's managment richer. <BR>If the Beatles had been an 80's group, you can bet that the greedy vultures in the music industry would still have new Beatles product being put out with a band that consisted of maybe just Ringo, or even his son, as the only \\"original\\" member  touring and recording as the Fab Four.<BR>Give me a break.<BR>As far as the music goes, well, I don't think they suceeded either. This is a Dave Gilmour solo album all the way. No Pink Floyd album was this guitar heavy and some of the solos go on forever endlessly, and say nothing. Gilmour's writing isn't even up to par with his own previous offerings during the \\"Dark Side\\" album.<BR>There's only one exception here. The wonderful instrumental \\"Terminal Frost\\". This track just simply works. But make no mistake about it. This is a Dave Gilmour solo track. It even sounds like an outake from his \\"About Face\\" album.<BR>The real reason this band continued is because of the failure of Dave Gilmour's 2 solo discs and the money hungry record company dudes who figured (or hoped) that nobody knows who is in the band anyway. But weren't these folks rich enough already?<BR>At least things looked up with the much better follow up album \\"Division Bell\\" where Rick Wright actually composed, played, and sang on, and reportledly Nick Mason as well, though I still have my doubts as to Mason's actual involvment with this band, except on tour and when it comes to collecting the bucks.
B0000TLA9G|4.0|All of this is good music, but you probably own it all anyway since they only have 4 albums...the remastering is the best reason to buy it, but any album calling itself guns n roses greatest hits that fails to include &quot;estranged,&quot; their masterpiece of bombast and sonic complexity, can simply not be a 5 star collection.
B00005YW4H|5.0|Amazing, touching, intimate, warm. It is a journey to some of your sweetest and also bitter moments. Each song will bring people, perfumes and images back to you. The only requirement to fully appreciate this album is to have some life experience on your shoulders.
B00005JMEW|5.0|Remember watching late-night Saturday Kung-Fu Theatre as a kid, and lying there with the lights out thinking how great it would be if these films could be on every night?  (Uhm...or maybe that was just me). But watching this DVD put me back in that place during my youth when I admired characters with a code of honor, and where villains, having their own stories to tell, reciprocated that same level of code.<BR>Quinton Tarantino's film, `Kill Bill Vol.1', is a rare triumph in cinema, as is it's creator, who, it seems, is one of the few in Hollywood today who has the vision to create unique, and brilliant motion pictures.<BR>Tarantino's quirky, fast paced, dialogue is ever present in `Kill Bill,' and although the film is not like his previous gritty mosaics where the characters carry guns (Katanas are the desired instruments of death in this film), `Kill Bill' is still very similar stylistically.  Do not be mislead.  This is not a watered-down Tarantino flick by any means.  In fact, `Kill Bill Vol. 1' may be his bloodiest film to date.<BR>In `Kill Bill Vol.1' we come to know Uma Thurman only as \\"The Bride,\\" a former member of The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad who has been victimized by the very same group on the day of her wedding.   \\"The Bride,\\" however, survives the massacre, and after coming out of a four year coma, she realizes that not only has she been the victim of a horrific event by the same people she once worked with, but that she has also lost the child she was carrying in her belly up to that day.  The seeds of revenge are inexorably planted.<BR>The events that follow are an amalgam of Kurosawa, Wu Tang, Troma, and Sergio Leone.  Tarantino is a master of stylization, and should not be considered a plagiarizer, as I have heard so many critics label him as.  If that were the case, then every well-known writer, director, creator, artist, etc., is guilty of plagiarism.<BR>If you enjoyed `Kill Bill' in theatres, then you will be pleased to know that the DVDnot only delivers the film in wonderful clarity, but its special features make a wonderful addition as well.  `The Making of Kill Bill Vol.1' is well made and gives you a perspective as to the layers of work it took to produce the film.  The bonus musical performance by \\"The 5,6,7,8's\\" was a nice touch.  The movie trailer portion was the only aspect of the DVD that left me wanting more.  While the trailers for \\"Kill Bill Vol.1\\" were fine, the back cover of the DVD is a bit deceptive in the sense that it does not actually include the trailer to Vol. 2, but simply a 30 second teaser; which provided no anticipatory scenes from the coming film.  I figured it would make sense to provide an adequate trailer, considering the DVD was released only two days prior to the theatrical release of Vol.2.<BR> There aren't any major inserts in the box; just a film synopsis and background to its creation.  However, the `Kill Bill' action figure and miscellaneous movie memorabilia insert definitely caught my eye.<BR>This film is many things.  I have often heard or read comments accusing Tarantino of making unintelligent work, but I cannot disagree more.  There is a reason why Tarantino has such a loyal following, and why many, including his staunchest critics, flock to the theatres to see his films (I will make a prediction that this film comes in at #1 for box office revenue this weekend and next weekend as well, if not the week after that too).  Tarantino's films are filled with real people, who act and speak like real people, and are put into situations that allow them to make decisions like you and I.  Sure, his scenes or locations may be a little grandiose, lofty, and high-flown, but they are bold, cleverly thought up, and are intended to entertain.<BR>`Kill Bill Vol.1' is colorful, bold, and brilliant.  This is NOT one of those movies you rent (I would tell you if it were... just check out my other postings coming soon).  I recommend that you see this film, and that you PURCHASE this DVD.  Who knows, maybe you might be home one Saturday night and have the urge to put something on that makes you reminisce to the things you enjoyed in your youth (Uhm...or is it still just me?).
B000003S0P|5.0|Just a quick writng. My brother made me listen to this album twenty years ago before I found an appreciation for King Crimson and thought nothing about this album. Then a big thanks to a friend who persuaded me to give King Crimson another try about a year ago and all I can tell you is that I missed out the last twenty years on a fantastic band. This is an outstanding album, I mean &quot;OUTSTANDING&quot;,end of my writing.
B000024D4R|5.0|Animals is an under-rated masterpiece. i've had this album for some time, and it is becoming one of my all time favorites. it's a concept album, and a brilliant concept at that. it's losely based on Orwell's &quot;Animal Farm&quot;, it categorizes humans into three groups. dogs- the greedy oppurtunists, pigs- authority figures, sheep- mindless followers. this album was also a response to the growing punk movement that was happening in the United Kingdom at that time. not immitating the style(it was more of a movement against the current state of music, which was sh**, and also a rebellion against authority), but stripping down their sound. without the abundance of keyboard textures, the songs were more guitar driven. this album shows the band at their heaviest and most cynical. with a song like Pigs, you would have thought they were more anti-authority than the bratty punks were. this album was not popular, but they didn't give a sh** because they were a huge band anyway. pink floyd was a band that didn't need singles to promote their albums. their albums never needed a commercial sound to sell. they were at liberty to make bold statements. i wouldn't reccomend this album to people who like the current sh** that's out there which is called music. if you are interested, you'll have to check it out for yourself. none of the songs are played on the radio, mainly because they weren't popular, and also because the 3 main pieces are each 10 minutes long.
0596000480|5.0|As a long time C++ programmer, I found this book to be neither too hard or too easy.  Readers with no programming experience at all might have a harder time with the text, but if you have any kind of programming background, the text will serve you well.  As a reference, the text is second to none.  Even the DOM reference is one of the best out there.
B000067CPX|4.0|This disc was a very pleasant suprise. The Peppers have grown in their musical capabilities. If you are looking for a nice alternative to today's uniform standard of rock, pick this up. Below I have rated each song from one star to five stars.<br />1. By the Way - ****, this song has an awesome baseline and a catchy chorus.<br />2. Universally Speaking - ****, this is sort of mellow and has some interesting lyrics.<br />3. This is the Place - ***, this song is sort of reminescent of Under the Bridge, which was on Blood Sugar Sex Magik<br />4. Dosed - ****, this has beautiful lyrics and singing.<br />5. Don't Forget Me - ***, this song was kind of boring until it picked up.<br />6. The Zephyr Song - *****, this has a good beat, good lyrics, and awesome delivery.<br />7. Can't Stop - *****, this has some good guitar riffs and a catchy beat.<br />8. I Could Die For You - ***, this is a pretty good love ballad.<br />9. Midnight - ***, this song has an interesting opening that progresses into a futuristic-type sounding song about what can happen at night.<br />10. Throw Away Your Television - ***, this has a cool drumbeat, but lacks in more interesting lyrics.<br />11. Cabron - *****, this has a very Latin beat and some exotic guitar riffs. It would be very good for listening to while on the road.<br />12. Tear - ****, this song is also very mellow and has good lyrics.<br />13. On Mercury - *****, this has a nice fast beat with really great lyrics.<br />14. Minor Thing - ****, this song has great lyrics and good vocals. It sort of reminds you of By the Way.<br />15. Warm Tape - ****, this has interesting production and sort of out there lyrics, but it's pretty good.<br />16. Venice Queen - ****, This starts out slowly with some mellow production and lyrics, but it picks up with some awesome acoustic guitar.
B000066NW0|5.0|This has to be one of the best CDs out there.  Yeah, it's a little pop and a little punk but what the heck yo? It's a good CD.  If everyone just stops trying to fit this CD into a genre, they could possibly just take this Cd as a good CD.  This is a good CD.  End of story!!!
0140277447|1.0|<BR>Pictures in the book are faked and associated with the captions misleading readers. Every picture is not an evidence of the massacre. On the contrary, many pictures are no related to Nanking battle.<br />Let's see the picture with a caption &quot;The severed heads of Nanking Victims (New China News Agency)&quot;.<br />This picture had been for sale at photo shops in 1925, more than 10 years before the Nanking battle. They are the robbers in Mancuria, excuted by the Chinese police.
B00008H2LB|5.0|I think this CD is very good especially the songs Numb,Faint and Nobodys Listening.Thats all i have to say.Its good rock.Buy it.
B000000OAH|5.0|Strangely, Jazz seems to get overlooked by many, being 'just that album between &quot;News Of The World&quot; and &quot;The Game&quot;.' But, despite this surprising lack of recognition, it is one of Queen's best undiscovered gems.<br />The tracklisting is stunningly diverse. There's a bit here for everyone - from heavy rock (&quot;Fat Bottomed Girls&quot;) to light relief (&quot;Dreamer's Ball&quot;) and even songs that don't seem to fit in anywhere (&quot;More Of That Jazz&quot;), you can bet there's something that'll please on &quot;Jazz&quot;.<br />&quot;Fat Bottomed Girls&quot; is, of course, one of the highlights, with thunderous guitars and bass (the bass slides at the start are brilliant), but at the same time, the softer tracks - especially &quot;Jealousy&quot; - are equally deserving of praise. I also found myself unable to resist Brian's &quot;Leaving Home Ain't Easy&quot;.<br />Like &quot;Good Old Fashioned Lover Boy&quot; on 'A Day At The Races', &quot;Don't Stop Me Now&quot; was a song that had to grow on me. But it is a really good song, and given a chance you can realise that it's one of the top pieces in the Queen catalogue. &quot;Dead On Time&quot; and &quot;If You Can't Beat Them&quot; are also incredible songs in the rock genre, and underestimating either of them is criminal.<br />Though I wasn't so thrilled by &quot;In Only Seven Days&quot;, which seemed like too simplistic a song, it was probably the only track that I've got any significant complaint about.<br />The highlights of the album are (aside from &quot;Fat Bottomed Girls&quot;)  &quot;Let Me Entertain You&quot; (which would later be done better on stage, but hey - it's great here too) and &quot;More Of That Jazz&quot; (which, after the brilliant LP as a whole, seems like a really good dessert).<br />&quot;Jazz&quot; may not have the best construction of a Queen album, but it's got some great tracks on it nonetheless, and comes heartily reccomended.<br />SONGS OF NOTE: Fat Bottomed Girls, Let Me Entertain You, Leaving Home Ain't Easy, More Of That Jazz
B00005JMJ4|2.0|Okay, I'm getting tired of all of these artsy-fartsy &quot;day in the life&quot; movies.  I'm frustrated that after watching LOST IN TRANSLATION I will never get back the 2 hours of my life I gave away.  If you like movies without any real point, this is for you.  If you like to see your favorite comedic actors in dramatic roles, this is for you.  <BR>Bill Murray is not only NOT FUNNY in this movie, he's downright boring.  The jokes that are in the film are rehashed from years ago - like when the director of the commercial talks for 2 minutes straight and the translator tells Murray &quot;He want more passion.&quot;  Murray - &quot;That's it?  That's all he said?&quot;<br />That was the funniest part of the whole movie.  <br />Skip this turkey.
0790742780|5.0|Great Movie !!<br />Best Line: &quot;I'm an American, you're a sick scum bag.&quot;<BR> Had me in stitches.
B0001HAHXW|3.0|Don't be fooled by this one.  The cover pic shows EC with an acoustic and it looks like it might be an `unplugged' session. It's nothing of the kind. This is not Eric on \\"Stars in Their Eyes\\": \\"Tonight Matthew, I'm going to be Robert Johnson\\". This is EC doing what he does best, playing solid blues with a bunch of first class musicians, including Billy Preston (k'bds) and Jerry Portnoy (harp).  Controlled, tight, `in the pocket' playing plus spot on arrangements, this is the kind of stuff that sounds so effortless that it gets kids saying, \\"Huh, any one could do that. Money for nothin' and yer chicks for free!\\" Those of us who try know the truth of that. Fourteen RJ songs, most not done in any form by EC before, include Kind Hearted Woman Blues, 32-20 Blues, They're Red Hot and a stunning version of Traveling Riverside Blues. Sole flaw is a bit of a misreading of the work song roots of Come On in My Kitchen in favour of a rather standard 12 bar arrangement.  Still, one duff track in 14 is pretty good.  Eric hasn't done stuff as good as this since 461 Ocean Boulevard.
B000035P5E|5.0|MARVELOUS, keeps you rivitrd to the story.  One of my favorite Follrt works.  ZThe book is sensational.  I edon't have a DVD
B0001AP12G|5.0|I anticipated this album for a long time, and actually went to go get it the day it came out. I was happy because it did not dissapoint me. After hearing the first skit, I kinda didn't know what to expect, but then as the cd went on, it was hard to find a song I didn't like. The first song that caught my attention was #4 - All falls down. It had a nasty hook that just grew on me. Then I got to #7 - Jesus Walks. This is by far the best song on the cd lyrically (I still can't stop listening to it). The next song is Let You Down ft. Jay and it is also a sick song. The entire cd goes on like this, and also features some sick beats. I suggest buying the cd, I garantee it is a good investment.
B00003CXA4|5.0|I have seen this movie about 6 times and each time I do feel a deeper appreciation for it. This movie is a master piece filled with great acting, strong dialogue, great shot locations, film direction, editing, and much more. To refer to this film as anything but a master piece would be incorrect. This in my opinon is the best movie ever made. I don't say that lightly because I have seen great works of art such as Godfather one and two, Roman Holiday, look who's coming to dinner, casablanca and ordinary people. I am also under the distinct impression that of all movies i have seen the best opening to any movie is Ghandi. Over 400,000 extras were in the first scene paying homage to Ghandi as his dead body lay covered in roses. They even quote one of the most brilliant minds ( Einstein ) as of having said something to the extent that &quot; Generations from now man will struggle to believe a man such as Ghandie walked the face of the earth&quot; or something like that.  GREAT FILM!
B00000099Y|5.0|My it has been a few years since this album has came out, and since then, the world of music has never been the same. This album made kids like me realize what real music was, and back then I was only 11 years old and I loved my grunge rock bands like AIC, Pearl Jam, Blind Melon (may not be grunge, but I loved them regardless). This is what music really truly should be. It is music in its finest form, one that cant be replicated, not even by Tool themselves! Face it, Lateralis was a phenominal album, but it came up short to Aenima, in my opinion. <br />No other album has more thought provoking lyrics then this right here! From Maynards personal hate against the city of angels in Aenema, his views on the next step in human evolution in 46&2, and finally to the best send off track I've heard in my short life span, Third Eye. He not only challenges the listeners to keep up with the ever changing rythms and progression of each song, but he also wants us all to THINK about the true meanings hidden in each and every song. Now if you're just another wannabe rocker who just listens to an album because it sounds heavy and it keeps your blood rushing, then turn off the album now and save us Tool fans the embarrasment. You meatheads could never realize how much knowledge you can gain from just listening to Maynard. Just to sum up the vocals, NO ONE IS BETTER THAN MAYNARD!period.<br />Yes Maynard is the man, with his powerful vocals and gripping lyrics, but he couldn't do without his other band mates, particularly Danny Carey, the man behind the skin work. This is one of Dannys' masterful works, and you cant find anymore grooving and catchy drumwork by him on any of their other albums. He is the main centerpiece, due to Tools' style of music, which is usually pigeonholed into Progressive Metal. Prog-Metal bands that wish to succeed in this business must ABSOLUTELY have a good drummer. Tool just has the best out of them all, even better than Dream Theaters Mike Portnoy. Adam Jones, though not the greatest, few guitarist can generate the sounds he makes out of a gibson like he can, and Justin is always on top of his bass parts in each song. <br />With all this talent in one band, they all form together flawlessly to make what we all know as Tool. This is an impressive showcase of their genius and each band members musicianship. I for one bought this album a while back, and I will be D****d if I lose this. This is just my views on this album and the band themselves, and I for one know that words themselves can't describe how much of an importance this album is to Tool and the music industry as well. I am also glad that Tool is not popular with the mainstream side of the industry as well. They can forever stay underground (or it seems) and I myself and many other Tool fans will be happy with just where they are. Agreed?
B0001ENYKS|5.0|oh man, its just awesome... rockin, catchy, fun, musical, SO GOOD!!!!!! If you like modern/indy rock at all, just buy this album.  you'll be glad you did.
0312263120|4.0|Dan Brown is a good storyteller.  His use of suspense got better in Angels and Demons and still better in The Da Vinci Code, but his work in Digital Fortress was clean and compelling.  One of the things I like most about his writing is the obvious level of research he puts in before putting pen to paper.  He takes some liberty with the technical aspects of cryptography, but none of it detracts from the overall quality of the story.  In other words, he gave enough realism to the story to keep it realistic without making it so technical that the average person couldn't enjoy it.  Nice book, good read, crack a beer at the beach and enjoy!
B000063DFQ|3.0|In my humble opinion this is the most over-rated Maiden album out there. It starts off with Where Eagles Dare and Revelations; I have fallen asleep to these songs (and missed the beginning of Flight of Icarus). Then the album belts out three Maiden classics: The Trooper, Die with your Boots on and Flight of Icarus. Although the lyrics of Flight of Icarus are completely inane; the intro is simply amazing. The Trooper is the song that initially got me into Iron Maiden and Die With Your Boots on is also a rather good song. After that the album goes pretty much downhill. None of the songs after that are really memorable, except for the laughably bad Quest for Fire and Sun and Steel. The song based on the Dune books, To Tame a Land, would not have been so bad if the subject matter was not dreadful. (I hated the Dune books). This album has a very clear high point but then it strays away into mediocrity.
0743454529|5.0|this is by far one of the best books i have read in a long long time. From the first page i fell in love with the charictors. Picoult draws you into the story of Anna and the people around her, you feet attached to every charictor. if you are an emontonal person have tissues from page 400 till the end! I cried at the end and i NEVER cry. I highly recomend this book!
B0000DD7LB|5.0|Ok, to whoever said this isn't 'real' music? What is real music? For any pop and rnb music lover this a pretty decent album. If you are a rock fan or some Norah Jones/ Celine Dion fan, you shouldn't waste your time listening to Britney, Christina, Justin, Avril etc...and come and write mean reviews about their CDs.<BR>This CD had a variety of good pop ranging from the 60s/70s kinda beat (Toxic) to country club (MATM) to Indian (MATM remix) to southern (Boom boom) to Chinese (Touch of my hand) to Reggae (Hook up) to good hip hop (Early morning, OUtrageus) to decent ballads (Shadow, Everytime), a flavour of her old teeny bopper days (Brave new girl) and some sexy club songs (Breathe on me, Showdown)<BR>Her voice isn't very good but she's shown some improvement. <BR>Overall, this album is worth it. four and a half stars out of five.
B00012QM86|1.0|What a huge disappointment finally getting Schindler's List on DVD has been for me.<br />It was like going back to the late Nineties...A DVD with an added extra - an Intermission!! Marvellous - not. Why was this splendid film not given the respect it deserves and given a proper, up-to-date DVD release?? I thought flip-over discs went out in about 1999?<br />I waited ages for Schindler's List to get a DVD release, and then this dog's breakfast. I cannot believe Mr S. would have sanctioned such a thing had he had the power to intervene.<br />My advice is to continue to watch SL on VHS without the enforced break. Try and buy it on DVD in about 2009, when it may well have been put onto one side of one disc.
B000002UAF|5.0|Arguably the best of The Beatles first four albums (though I would pick PLEASE PLEASE ME), A HARD DAY's NIGHT is a fine pop rock album.  This is more than just a period piece.  There are some great, snappy songs here.  Some of the best are the lesser known:  &quot;I'm Happy Just to Dance With You,&quot; &quot;Any Time At All,&quot; and &quot;You Can't Do That.&quot;  And all the hit songs from the movie sound even better when listened to on a good stereo without the pictures.  As far as I'm concerned, most Beatle albums rate five stars.  This one certainly does.
B0001Z52RU|5.0|Ashton Kutcher:  He`s a dude ..... right?   Wrong!  In this movie, he is very believable as a troubled child with `family` problems, which bares down to the fact that his father is institutionalised.<br />The reasons for the this become apparent across the 1hr 49mins of this movie, and I dont want to spoil it for anyone.  <br />The basis of the movie is time travel (so to speak - you`ll see for yourself).<br />I wont say much more other than that to forget what you think about Ashton, good or bad - if you like your movies with a little twist, this movie is for you.  If you liked Donnie Darko, then you`ll love this.  <br />The movie is well worth almost 2hrs of your life, trust me!  Not only that, but the lovely Amy Smart is also in this movie, and looking lovely I might add (sorry if your female reading this, but I`m obviously male hehe).<br />Go the cinema (sorry theatre), rent the dvd (when out) or better still, do what I`m doing ..... Pre-Order it from AMAZON :)<br />Sweeeeeeeet!!
B000002UAI|5.0|This is not the best of the early Beatle albums -- just about everyone would agree with that -- but it is still better than 99.9 percent of the pop music of the early 60's, of the pop music before then, and certainly of the pop music since.  There are some great songs here:  &quot;No Reply,&quot; &quot;I'm a Loser,&quot; &quot;Baby's in Black,&quot; Paul's &quot;Kansas City&quot; medley, &quot;Eight Days a Week,&quot; and John's first really introspective song, &quot;I Don't Want to Spoil the Party.&quot;<br />But there are two highlights that are worth the price of the CD alone:  Paul's absolutely charming &quot;I'll Follow the Sun,&quot; and the cover of Buddy Holly's &quot;Words of Love.&quot;  Those two songs make this an essential album for any true Beatles fan.<br />The sound quality on the CD is top notch, making it a great bargain for just under fourteen bucks.
1592400876|5.0|This was an absolutely delightful read. I felt as tho' Ms Truss had popped in for a visit, and we were having a totally enjoyable discussion about those minor (and not so minor) annoyances one encounters when reading newspapers, signs, etc., or when one has to read more than once to make sense of a particular phrase. It is not a nitty-picky book, just an &quot;oh! yes! - and did you see such-and-such?&quot; type of chat.  <BR>Neither Ms Truss nor I are obsessed with punctuation, but every once in a while, one does become upset and wonders if some  editor was asleep at the wheel.<BR>I am really glad this book has just been launched in Canada, and I would say that her examples are equally applicable to the UK, the USofA, Canada, and probably wherever English is written.
B00005QZ7U|5.0|I loved this movie! It was very well done and a lot of fun. All kinds of music were intermingled to create the wonderful music in this musical. The acting was great and the story was fun, heart warming and also sad. The talent, the costumes, the music, the set, the special effects, the editing--everything was very, very well done. Though everyone who I know that watched this movie either loved it or hated it. No one said it was good or OK, it was fantastic, or they hated it. Chances are though, if you are a musical lover, you will LOVE this movie.
8408043641|5.0|Excellent read.  Very realistic characters involved in an extremely misterious, almost surreal plot.<br />A tribute to books, literature and the power of both to change lives.  A love story.  An ode to youth and the immortality of the soul.  Passion in its purest form.  <br />Definitely worth your time.  <br />Without a doubt this book will be there for a long time.
B00005JLSE|5.0|What a fabulous movie!! Renee and Katherine ROCK in this movie--both are so talented. The story centers around Renee's Roxy character who murders her &quot;boyfriend&quot; and is arrested and goes to a woman's jail, run by none other than Queen Latifa, who all the girls call momma. There Roxy meets her idol Velma Kelly who is in for killer her husband and sister--her sister is also her partner in a song and dance act. In comes Richard Gere the attorney who can get the most guilty person off. All four of these actors do an amazing job of singing and dancing in this movie. The stage and special effects are so Broadway and so well pulled off. The music is fabulous. And the story keeps your attention. HIGHLY recommend this movie. Even my husband, who hates musicals, enjoyed watching this (though Katherine Zeta-Jones may have had a bit to do with that!)
B0001AVZA8|1.0|The premise is a 60 year old womanizer who has only dated women under 30 falls for a 50's mother of one of his dates. Jack Nicholson plays the elderly letch and Diane Keaton the woman who is able to cure Jack of his inability to grow up. To further emphasize  the fact that age should not be a problem for women there is a side plot in which a much younger Keanu Reeves also falls for Keaton. <br />The problem with the film is that it is simply not engaging. The initial scene is really pretty revolting. Nicholson has been able to chat up a young woman by a commercial favour. She is an auctioneer and he has bought a lot of the goods she is selling. They head off for a dirty weekend at her mothers beech house and shock horror the mother discovers them. The premise of the movie depends on Keaton finding the Nicholson character both interesting and attrative. <br />One would have thought that the initial reaction of a mother to an elderly letch who tried to buy the affection of her daughter would be revulsion. However everyone is very calm about it all. Later a health scare throws Nicholson and Keating together. However the dialogue is sparse and it beggars belief that the two main characters could find anthing interesting in the other. Keaton is meant to be a succesful playright. However she never discusses anything from an interlectual perspective in the film. She plays the same role that she used to in Woodie Alan movies, that of a daffy sort of cute woman. One would have thought that a real life playwright would have at least some gravitas. <br />A larger problem is that the film depends on Nicholson being attractive. However he is given no lines that suggest that he is witty intelligent or has much of an insight into life. In reality his one attraction is that he is rich a record producer. <br />The film has one or two mildly funny scences but in reality it is simply not funny or witty enough to engage the audience. It depends on the audience starting with feelings ofa posative nature towards Keaton and Nicholson as the script cannot really generate it. <br />The script deals with an interesting issue, that is that young women are not the all in sexual attraction but the other values of the film, money in itself is attrative for one, overwhelm the viewer and make him/her slightly repulsed by the whole excercise.
B00005JKN9|5.0|This movie was very well done. It's about the gangs that came about in NY--this was mainly between Irish immigrants and NYers in high positions. It's horrific to think that immigrants went through that. DiCaprio did a great job. I hardly recognized him. I'd highly recommend this movie, especially for the historical aspects. What these immigrants went through is amazing. What's more amazing is that they stayed and thrived and have not complained since. Very admirable group. The movie is a little gorrey, so if you have a weak stomach, beware.
B00012QM8G|4.0|A few months ago I made a list of the best movies not available on DVD and &quot;Schindler's List&quot; was at the top.  This is a stunning film on so many levels and I am delighted that it is finally back.  I, of course, got the widescreen edition and the picture looks great - crisp and clear, preserving Janusz Kaminski's glorious black and white cinematography.  True, it is rather strange that you need to flip the DVD, especially since so many other 3-hour plus films are on one side.  The special features should have been put on a separate DVD.  You think Spielberg would have wanted to have a direct role in the DVD release, but for some strange reason he did not.  No commentary from him either, which is disappointing.  Oh, well, perhaps he is too busy with his ultra-left wing Hollywood cronies trying to get a Democrat in the White House.  It's a shame when people put politics ahead of their art.  But I digress - this still remains a deeply moving, beautifully made epic.  It's one of the best looking movies of the '90s and maybe of the last fifty years.  In a time when anti-Semitism once again seems to be not only tolerated but fashionable, it remains one of the single most important films ever made.  This should be mandatory viewing in every school everywhere.  A real triumph.
B0000AUHPG|5.0|When Sergio Leone began making the first of the four \\"spaghetti Westerns\\" that are the basis of most of his reputation, A Fistful of Dollars, it was on a truly shoestring budget. The movie, though effective, shows it. And he used unknown actors, most famously Clint Eastwood as The Man With No Name. But the movie was a hit and profitable. For the next two movies, Leone got progressively more money to work with, and again, the movies show it. More elaborate sets, more diverse location work, more ambitious storylines. After the first three films, finally he'd achieved enough success to get the backing for a \\"real movie,\\" big budget. This was to be his masterpiece, and he was determined it would have big name actors.    In each of the first three Sergio Leone spaghetti Westerns there are basically three main characters. The first being, of course, The Man With No Name, played in A Fistful of Dollars, For a Few Dollars More, and The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly by Clint Eastwood. Then we have what I call the Secondary Gunslinger, usually a thief played by Eli Wallach for comic effect. Finally we have the Psycho Gunslinger, the Man With No Name's primary nemesis for the film, played most famously by Lee Van Cleef in The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.    So after the first three films, in most Leone fans' minds, the breakdown went like this:    The Man With No Name = Clint Eastwood  Secondary Gunslinger = Eli Wallach  Psycho Gunslinger = Lee Van Cleef    In Once Upon a Time in the West, the Secondary Gunslinger is still a thief, but a much more competent and morally admirable character than Wallach's devious buffoon, and he's played by Jason Robards. This was a good move on Leone's part. Though I like Eli Wallach as an actor, he's no Jason Robards.    The Psycho Gunslinger is played by Henry Fonda. Another good decision. Again, while I like Lee Van Cleef as an actor, he's no Henry Fonda. Interesting to note, Fonda very rarely played a bad guy, the roles he was most known andbeloved for were total nice guys like Mister Roberts or the juror in 12 Angry Men. Thus, on the few occasions he did play a bad guy, it hit audiences hard because it was so unexpected.    Finally, The Man With No Name is played by Charles Bronson instead of Clint Eastwood. And this was a mistake, I think. (Yes, there was a time when Charles Bronson was a bigger movie star than Clint Eastwood. In 1968, the spaghetti Westerns were really all Eastwood had of substance in his resume.) Bronson did so much garbage in the latter part of his career, there's a tendency for people to forget - if they ever knew - that early on he did some truly fine work and was taken really seriously as an actor. However, I can't watch Once Upon a Time In the West without, in every scene with Bronson, thinking that role could have been done so much better by Clint Eastwood.    In Once Upon a Time In the West, Leone adds a fourth main character, The Woman, an ex-prostitute played by Claudia Cardinale. The fascinating thing about this character is that, though she has no combat skills, her strength of will, intelligence, sex appeal and utter willingness to use it for her purposes are such she's capable of working with or against each of the three main male characters as an equal, or more than. I love the scene where Frank finds The Woman, his mind totally made up he's going to kill her. And she flatters and manipulates and seduces and sexes him to the point he changes his mind. Definitely a woman willing and able to use every weapon at her disposal to save her life.
B00004Z459|5.0|Hybrid Theory, One of THE greatest CD's (in my opinion) Every song, from Papercut to pushing me away is just amazing. Now don't get me wrong. Meteora is awsome, but just not anything near Hybrod Theory. I would recomend Hybrid Theory to anyone no matter what type of music they listen to. im not gunna give a list on their songs cuz their all 10 out of 10's, but for those of us who live in a whole their singles are 'Papercut', 'One Step Closer', 'Crawling', 'Runaway', and the immortal 'In The End'. I recomend the mole people who don't own this CD buy it. period.
0783235380|5.0|Ben affleck is one of my best actors, and so is sandra bullock. I really enjoyed this film,it was kind of funny on the aeroplane at the begginning of the film. The plane goes all wonky due to a bird flying into the fan of the plane. Ben hits sandra on the head with a laptop and it is so funny. It is quite unusual to other films and that was why i liked  it really. HALF ROMANTIC AND BRILLLLLLLL FILM.
B000002P5W|5.0|Axis Bold As Love remains as Hendrix's most fluential albums of all time. It was all acheived on a small four track recording system. This album was way ahead its time I personally think most artist now days could not even achieve what Jimi did some 30+ years ago. This album is a true classic in its shape, age, and form. While The Jimi Hendrix Experience were recording their first album Are You Experienced they where also working out songs for there next album Axis Bold As Love. Its hard to even believe hendrix had only four short years for four albums that were all masterpieces. <br />The start of the album goes into a little renedition titled EXP mostly space sounds. Then their's Up From The Skies very cool. Then my all time favorite Spanish Castle Magic. I also love Castle Made Of Sand, Bold As Love, and Aint No Telling. Also their are classics like If 6 was 9, and Little Wing. 30+ years I listen to Jimi Hendrix and still cant get over his music. He will always remain as the best guitarist, and also one of the best song writers. I still admire Jimi Hendrix. Axis Bold As Love is the real deal for any music fan buy this~Highly Recomened!!!!!!
0790725657|5.0|BRILLIANT. Sara a girl from india, who gets put into a school cos her dad has gone to work in the army. When sara has to work for them as a servant, she feels really upset as she as just had some terrible news that her father has just died. Also the other girls like her except one. She hates working as a servant and wishes she could be like the other girls. One girl who she gets bestest friends with also is a servant too. They make there own plan to try and get out. She finds a big piece of wood and walks bravely to the house just across her with a man genie and his monkey. She gets caught by the head and she finds a way to hide herself in the building. Suddenly she sees somebody that she says is just like her papa. And really he isn't dead after all, she makes up with the girl who never liked her. Becky her best friend, goes back home with sara and her dad.
6305280762|3.0|After a long vacation, away from the hectic city life, Doug Roberts (Paul Newman) returns to San Francisco in order to participate in the opening of his newest architectural wonder, The Glass Tower - tallest building in the world.  The seemingly perfect skyscraper has one big flaw as James Duncan's (William Holden) son-in-law has received kick backs to ignore Doug's requests on the top-of-the-line electrical circuitry.  The installed electrical circuits cannot handle the electrical use of the Glass Tower and on the opening night a fire begins on the 81st floor, which Fire Chief Michael O'Hallorhan's (Steve McQueen) men try to get under control while the opening party is taking place on the 135th floor.  Towering Inferno has an immensely talented cast (e.g., Faye Dunaway, Fred Astaire, Richard Chamberlain and many more), however, the cast cannot enhance the cinematic experience.  Overall the film is hurt by the many scenes that go on ceaselessly as the director attempts to create suspense through tedious climbing and rescue scenes.  This occurs through occasional lapses in realism in the film, such as the ending, prevent the audience from receiving a top notch suspenseful drama.  Instead the audience is left with an epic rescue mission that seems endless, and leaves the audience with a barely acceptable cinematic experience.
B000067G3C|5.0|A great film for the actions. It starts off in a lift that breaks down, then it goes onto a bus that once it reaches 50mile an hour, it can't go below that speed cos there is a bomb on the bus. Then in the end, the last 2 that are on the train find a way to get off, but they can't. Superb film even if you don't like any action films and shooting films.
B000002J09|5.0|I don't care about these people who rate this 1 star and say its pop or unoriginal or unimaginative or boring etc.  This is the GREATEST Led Zeppelin Album and quite possibly the greatest rock album of all time.
B000059XYM|2.0|Seen the first, 2nd would probably be just as boring. They are rated 2 to 3 stars that isn't much and really i didn't find this briliant so the 2nd would get boring too. It is a little bit like scream, but scream is much better. Because the set is stupid on this like at the begginning, she sees the murderer and he sits laughing and it looks a little bit silly. Scream is more serious than this it is more freaky for people and scream is way better.
B00006JKON|5.0|This was the only Tull album (8-track!!!) that I owned prior to the CD era...<br />The first two tracks (\\"War Child\\" and \\"Queen and Country\\") are stiff and boring, however, the last 8 songs (particularly \\"Ladies\\", \\"Sealion\\", \\"Skating Away...\\" and the hard-rocking \\"The Third Hurrah\\") are a collection of typically quirky, fun Tull tunes.<br />BUT...it is the 7 (!) bonus tracks and the remastering which make this CD GREAT.<br />\\"Rainbow Blues\\" is classic Tull...\\"Glory Row\\", \\"Saturation\\" and \\"Paradise Steakhouse\\" are terrific songs...\\"Sea Lion II\\" is quirky and fun and the two classically-tinged instrumentals are interesting.<br />Highly recommended.
0800196767|5.0|Matilda [mara wilson], finds that she can have her own powers that come to her just like that. Her family never bother with her, and her teacher miss honey adopts her. EXCELLENT SCENERY, AND FUN FOR ANYONE.
B00013F38K|5.0|This was, in my opinion, the best show ever on tv.  The CD set has the whole first season on 3 CD's, which is recorded on BOTH sides!!  Very nice set, Very Cool!<br />ONLY COMPLAINT - Why don't they sell season 2 yet?!?
0880793082|5.0|In Regards to Eheieh Ain Soph .... wtf<br />Crowley was a man, I'm sure his potential was higher then any womans could ever be.... <br />Otherwise this deck is awesome and so is the man who is behind them.
B0001DI0FI|3.0|\\"Master and Commander, the Far Side of the World\\" was disappointing.  Although it was above average fare for what Hollywood normally puts out, it would never match up to any of the Horatio Hornblower series episodes.  Lots of action and special effects but lacking in believability and historical period authenticity.  Altogether too much familiarity between officers and crew for a British Ship of the Line.  I would recommend this film as well done for typical Hollywood, but I would stop there.
B000002AH9|5.0|This is my first review on Amazon.  I have never felt the need to do a review on Amazon before.  Simply because someone would have always said all that I would have wanted to say. <BR>56 people have reviewed this album before me.  Pretty much every good reviewer has said what I am going to say.  And yet I feel compelled to review this album.  No one, I repeat no artist has ever sung from the depth of his/her heart like Billie Holiday in this album.  The music pacifies you, and Lady Day's voice fills you with the deepest sorrow. And yet, in the end you emerge as if transformed by a divine experience. <BR>Now, I will be fair.  I had first heard this record 2 months back. And as it turned out, it was the first record of Billie Holliday that I had heard.  Naturally, I was surpried, as people who know their stuff regarded her as one of the greats, and this record of her's as the best of all.  But I was disappointed.<BR>Eventually, I went back and heard more of her earlier recordings, read about her life, and again came back to this record.  And now I truly believe that no artist has ever sung from his/her heart like the way Billie Holiday did in this CD. This album is truly beautiful.  And the beauty is hidden underneath a sratchy and haggard voice of a lady tormented by physical and emotional distress.<BR>If you do not know much about Jazz don't buy it.<BR>If you haven't heard Lady Day before, wait till you have heard some of her other stuff.  <BR>If you have heard her before and haven't heard this album, then you are missing out on something no words can describe.<BR>And as a tip to those who do not &quot;get&quot; this album.  Like Ray Ellis said it, hear it emotionally and not musically.
0553573403|5.0|JRR. Tolkien's LotR, the Hobbit and the posthumously published Silmarillion were the harbringers of modern fantasy, what started it all.  But now, half a century later, most GOOD fantasy has moved away from Tolkien's world of elves and hobbits into more of a &quot;fantistorical&quot; world, that while not as magical or wondrous, is grittier and a bit more lifelike.<br />No one commands this new way to write fantasy better than G.R.R. Martin, and his A Song of Ice and Fire books should set the standard now for all modern literature set in the same vein.  His greatest strength is his use of characters: Jon, Tyrion and the others are all unforgettable and easy to cheer for.  But just as strong as those who are in supporting roles: people like Jeor Mormant, Littlefinger, Barristan, Sandor Clegane.  The list could go on.  His characters are so rich, so multileveled, and ultimately so gray (rather than black and white) that ASoIaF is absolutely enthralling.<br />His use of politics in the storyline is also first class, and his battle scenes are descriptive while still fast paced.  Perhaps the only weak point is that the books lack an overhall cohesiveness...there is really no direction to the books, where the plot is actually moving forward, all the plot lines in concert with each other.  But perhaps that is only a personal preference.  Anyhow, the book is stellar, and all lovers of fantasy, or good literature in general, should read A Song of Ice and Fire.
B00005JKNC|2.0|The worst thing about the Majestic is that it truly brings out the weakness in Martin Landau and Jim Carrey. To see LANDAU in his true and rare form, see this master play Bela Lugosi in Tim Burtons Ed Wood, then watch The Majestic.
B000070IXT|1.0|I was looking forward to getting the chance to watch this movie, after the success of the Resident Evil Video game. But unfortunately, this movie is nothing like the game. The characters arent the same, and the actual story is different. Sure, it is good to have a different story, you dont want to copy everything from the game, but i think the overall idea of the movie, should be based around the game, because thats what everyone is familiar with. But no, it is completely different, and thats its biggest downfall.<BR> The characters of the movie arent properly introduced. There is no background to them, so you dont care if they live or die. It seems that they were more focussed on getting to the gore instead of building up the movie.<BR> The zombies were my biggest problem. They didnt look scary at all. Half of them didnt even look dead. Looked more human then some of the people i see around in the streets these days. <BR>  Overall a missed opportunity. I give the movie 1 star because Milla Jovovich has a nice body :P
0393316041|5.0|I'm a 16 year old kid, into the whole physics/math  scene.  When I first picked up the book, I found myself gripped.  I let nothing interrupt my reading time.  And while reading, I always sat on the edge of my chair.  Never did I read in bed or reclined on a La-Z-boy.  Now that's gotta tell you something!  <br />When finished, a sudden passion overcame me.  I had to be like Feynman!  I whipped out all my physics books and began working through the problem sets like a madman.  <br />Looking for a page-turner?  Look no more.  This is an absolute must for any science loving nerd.
B000089A07|4.0|Why am i seeing so many people criticise this movie? Who cares if it isnt a great adaption from the novel, or whatever it is some of you are saying. I personally havent read the novel, but who cares. It is a good movie. <BR> Red Dragon has a great cast. Harvey Keitel, Anthony Hopkins and Edward Norton just to name a few. A good storyline about a serial killer known as the &quot;tooth fairy&quot; who seems to have taken a liking to Hanibal Lector. Kind of similar to that of the story of &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; <BR> I thouroughly enjoyed this film, and i would recomend it to anyone who enjoyed &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;.
B00003CXS4|5.0|A very great movie with an allstar line up, Brad Pitt, DE Torro, Vinnie Jones to name a few. Very cool movie by Guy Ritchie it is one of my all time Fav. <BR> This movie is a wild ride, so get ready and hold on. My favorite character would have to be Bullet tooth Tony, along with Turkish. It dont want to spoil it but it has so many outstanding lines and funny scenes, the movie takes place in england but the Britsh english is quite funny and makes the movie what it is, case in point Tony with Avi. Watch them both it is quite funny. Look go out and get it after that go get &quot;Lock,Stock and two smoking barrells&quot; Enjoy....
6302719631|5.0|As a devoted fan of Jane Austen's novels, I must say I love this movie.  Although it's not a slavish attempt at recreating the book, the characterizations are very true to the book, and the movie successful embodies several of the book's themes.  In addition, it works beautifully as a movie.  The actors who play the leads bring their roles to life beautifully, and the character actors are wonderful.
078401213X|1.0|I found this movie how shall I say it Lame! I am a very, very open minded guy but I didnt get into it. The concept of the movie deal with numbers. Found it to be to far-fetched. Also the camera angles and the whole black and white feeling of the movie left much to desired. It a must rent movie!!!
B0001ENYKS|4.0|While lots of people have compared Franz Ferdinand to Interpol, the Rapture, Strokes, the Pixies, etc., the most obvious reference for me is early material by the the 80s art-punk band The Monochrome Set. Some moments even remind me of Adam &amp; the Ants. I certainly recommend checking out Monochrome Set to fans of this cd and to fans of the previously mentioned references. Franz Ferninand are one of the better modern post-punk bands; however, they are somewhat overrated, and though their songwriting is truly wonderful, they are still rather derivative like the rest.
B00005QG9J|4.0|Wow. This record is one that really captured me. I've had it for almost 2 years now and its still easily one of my favorites. It seems that Incubus reached their pinnacle as a band on Morning View, combining a whole collection of interesting, moving, loud and just plain amazing songs. Brendan's voice shines, the instrumentals skyrocket- this is rock like it was meant to be played. If you don't have it already, do yourself a favor and pick it up, you won't regret this one.
0689835604|4.0|Great book, only trouble is the flip up parts rip easily. Otherwise it is a great book..my daughter loves it.
B00006879E|2.0|I bought this album after hearing their single &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot; The song just blew me away with the lyrics and over all sound combined with the percise rythm. However, it was the one and only song on the album that fits into the rock genre...the rest of the cd consists all pop songs, some of which made me ill. There are at LEAST 5 filler songs on this album. I can definately see the appeal of the song &quot;This Love&quot;, but the rest of this album consists of a very tired out sound that almost all pop/rock bands have.<BR>Overall I'd say if this cd is priced over $8.00 find another band.
1594200106|5.0|The plot is dense, the characters are very well developed, and the book is gripping from the very first page, such that you wont put it down until you have read the last sentence on the very last page. you cant get enough of the story, you keep on reading until your eyes are dry and hurt, but you wont put the book down. this is one of the books that I will likely read a second and maybe a third time. honestly, I think this is the best book I have ever read, certainly one of the best five books. the sad thing is, once you finish it, you are certain that the next book you will read will not be as good, and the one after neither. It is a jewel. I would give it ten stars, if there were. go buy it, take two days of, surround you with you favorite food and dive into that wonderful story which is set in post franco aera barcelona. certainly a book lover's story!
6305212139|5.0|Although the spice girls havent been around for some years...i still LOVE them! This concert was the best(yes geri isnt there) but you almost forget that she isnt! they make up for it no-doubtly. this concert is the abs. best...no1 puts on a better show than the spice girls! they talk to the audience alot--goof around w/ them and have contests(if you call it that). The costumes are great,the dance moves were excellent, the singing fantastic ect....! Its like your in the front row...if you have the istanbul one (or even just saw it..) this video is DEF. for you! even if you dont have the first concert...GET THIS MOVIE
B00008PW3Q|5.0|we all know who made Fleetwood Mac a success. Stevie Nicks and<BR>Lindsey Buckingham. Christine McVie is not on this CD and who<BR>cares. All of her songs are either fast catchy pop sound alikes<BR>or boring ballads. Let's look at the track record--the self <BR>titled CD--suceess &quot;Rhinnon&quot;--&quot;Rumours&quot;- &quot;Dreams&quot;, &quot;Tusk&quot;- &quot;Sara&quot;, &quot;Mirage&quot;- &quot;Gypsy&quot; do you see a pattern it is Stevie<BR>Nicks's prsence and music that make this group. Lindsy can play<BR>the guitar and produces Stevie&quot;s songs excellent. It is such a <BR>pleasure on this CD to hear Stevie and Lindsey doing all the<BR>vocals. And we get more of Stevie Nicks songs. Lindsey Buckingham does experiment a bit on this CD--but it works.<BR>Stevie's songs are excellent and so are Lindsey's. I am so <BR>glad Christine is gone--she was so jealous of Stevie it was so<BR>apparent--one word for Christine--don't come back. If you always<BR>looked forward to the Stevie Nicks and Lindsy Buckingham songs<BR>this CD will certainly satisfy you. It is so Buckingham Nicks
B0000DD7LB|3.0|I thought that &quot;Toxic&quot; was a great song, but I wasn't as impressed with the other tracks.  I thought that some of the choruses were good, and a bunch of them stuck in my head.  Its a really good CD to dance to because it has great beats!  My final verdict: I would wait until you can buy it used and really cheap...no more than $7-8.
B00008J2DQ|1.0|I was very upset with the album. When their first album came out it was ok. Awake was ok too. But the band is not as good as they used to be to me. The only way i could tell the difference in the songs was when the face of my radio indicated it was on the next track. I may be somewhat of a fan but am NOT tone def. If your looking for good metal and your in the Cleveland area I HIGHLY recommend 13 FACES these guys are F*****g awesome. Don't buy this album it's not worth the money but I must say this the fact that people say this band is no good because they are a AIC rip-off is getting tired itself, find something else wrong with the band would ya because the reviews will start to sound like Godsmacks music THE SAME!
B0001DI0FI|5.0|Master and Commander tells the story of Lucky Jack Aubrey and his journey to \\"The Far Side of the World\\".  Based upon the books by Patrick O'Brian it is a faithful rendering of O'Brians world to film.  O'Brian found solace in creating a world of characters that exsisted in the era in which he placed them.  While he admitted that his books were not plot driven his details of life in Nelson's navy were magnificent.  <br />This film faithfully follows O'Brians idea.  The plot is basic but it is the nuances of everyday life at sea that make it a sight to behold.  The things that these \\"iron men\\" had to endure would make the heartiest modern person blanche.  <br />For anyone that has read O'Brian I strongly suggest that they don't hesitate to see this film.  In it will be all their old favorite characters.  If you have not read O'Brian (shame on you) then this is a great visual treat.  <br />As I said, the plot is basic, chasing a French ship (changed from an American ship in the book)but the sense of friendship and intricate details of naval life move the story forward.  The amount of research that the crew of this film did on the period is very evident (including having the stars actually learn the instruments they play in the film).  <br />See it soon and see it often.
0440237688|5.0|This is one of the best books I've ever read. I love it when \\"Young Adult\\" authors can capture any reader by using ageless themes, descriptive writing, and strong characters. Rowling does this well, and now I've discovered Lowry. In The Giver, she explores the pain and pleasure of growing up, expressing TRUE feelings, LIVING life, and the special bond of family. These themes make it perfect for older children around 11 or 12. The protagonist's age is also in this range. However, Lowry speaks to any age reader in this powerful scenario of a future society bereft of choice, variety, and authentic emotions. My wheels were turning all throughout the book as Lowry only gives a bit of information at a time about the Community in which the characters live. But the end of the book really got me thinking and wanting to talk with others who have read it. In my opinion, THAT is the mark of a great book.
630521610X|5.0|Throughout the 70's &amp; 80's the horror genre was famous for making icons out of maniacs.  The terror came from masked killers who ran after young people who didn't know what they were doing.  Reviving the genre in 1996, Wes Craven gave horror fans Scream.  A new inventive story about 5 teens who actually knew what was going on.  Heading the cast is Neve Campbell, Rose McGowan, Courtney Cox, and David Arquettet.  It is a retrospective look back on Halloween with a 90s twist.  The film is clever in every aspect and actually the killer turns out to be an everyday person, and not the insane mental patients, like Jason Voorhees, Michael Myers, and Leatherface.  This film will definately live on in the horror genre.  See this movie.
B00003CXRP|5.0|The key to understanding (and enjoying) this film lies in understanding one's self; sound a bit too new-agey? Well, consider this: many people have let themselves forget that movies used to be more than &quot;naked-people-in-car-chases&quot;; they used to teach you something, make you realize something you already knew, or rekindle the hope we have in humanity. Sadly, it seems as though this movie was watched by those who have forgotten these things (and then wrote a review;) Yes, this is not a &quot;fun, feel good&quot; type of film,  yet these are often the most important films of all; one feels as though they are actually undergoing the ordeal with Chuck Noland (Hanks), feeling the despair, loneliness and fear right there along side him; but thanks to some seriously underrated writing, we also feel his sense of renewal at the end, when he realizes that nothing happens by accident; this element of spirituality, though never directly addressed in the film is what gives it the ability to transcend the screen and reach out to all who have ever felt profound loss and solitude.  Sometimes the lessons we learn in life don't come in prettily wrapped packages; watching this movie (and learning the lessons it has to offer) may not always be a comfortable, felicitous experience, but definitely worth every minute.
B00005JMJ4|5.0|A pleasant movie to watch.  Lost in Translation is almost indescribable because the film is basically about nothing.  Bill Murray plays the struggling actor character with much honesty, and Johansen plays the confused 20 something well too.  Set in a vibrant setting, the outlandish Tokeo, this film centers around the two leads.  They constantly bump into each other and grow a friendship.  It is very sweet to watch the two together who have this weird chemistry on screen.  The only complaint about this film, is that you sit through an hour and a half of PG rated humor and then suddenly, Bill Murray is sitting in a strip bar watching a Japanese stripper.  I though the film could've done without the scene but that might be the only way Sofia Coppola could sell her film.  All in all the film was wonderful and I would put it in among the years best films.  See this movie for a relaxing film.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Well, I am not going to go song by song, but let me tell you... When &quot;Genie in a Bottle&quot; came out I hated the song. As a result, I had a rather sour taste in my mouth regarding Christina Aguilera. &quot;Stripped&quot; totally changed my mind. She is not the pop starlet that many assumed her to be. She is, in fact, and artist.  <br />First, it's common knowledge that the girl can sing. &quot;Stripped&quot; is an emotionally packed album in which Christina can really let go and use her amazing voice to the best of her ability. On songs like &quot;Fighter&quot; and &quot;I'm Okay&quot; she shows completely different sides of her vocal abilities. A majority of the songs were written or co-written by Aguilera and they, like their musical backgrounds, vary. &quot;Beautiful&quot; and &quot;Make Over&quot; are like night and day. This variability keeps the album interesting. Each song pulls you into something personal...Christina bares her heart and soul on this record. <br />Basically, this album is worth listening to. It's not often that I find something I can listen to straight through. This is one of those few-and-far-between occurances. So, in short, my recommendation is this: Buy this album. It will change any ideas or preconcieved notions you have about Christina... and you'll be hearing good music will it happens.
B0000028M7|5.0|One of the greatest rock bands of all time, Alice in Chains brings the best of their music in this CD.  Down in a Hole, Them Bones, Rain when I Die, and of course Dirt, highlight the album.  This CD is a must for any rock collection.
B000069KGM|5.0|This is a classic rock album as other reviewers below state. One earlier reviewer complained about the remastering and I think his stereo must be broken. The Rhino remastering job is excellent. Clear, deep rich bass notes are here and the coldness of digital sound are mellowed by expanded mastering. Music not heard on previous releases is now audible. The highs maybe could have been a bit crisper but they are fine (too crisp can be annoying as many CDs suffer from that). So I give both the CD and the remastering job 5 stars, and I don't give 5 stars on many reviews. (I'll admit a slight bias for this album as I saw Chicago as a kid, before Chicago 2 came out, and the music from this album changed my musical life almost as much as the Beatles did). Thank you Terry Kath for great guitar.
0790731002|5.0|The 3rd Batman is a mush of the vibrant cartoon show, and the black and dark Burton style we are used to seeing.  Fist of all, this film would've been nothing without its stellar cast, Kilmer, Jones, O'Connel, Carrey, and Kidman, what an A list lineup.  This time Val Kilmer replaced Batman, and I think he rivals Keaton's performance.  The villians are played with such malice and insanity by Jim Carrey and Tommy Lee Jones, and Nicole Kidman plays the ultimate bombshell girlfriend to Bruce Wayne.  DC comics should be proud and so should any critic.  See this film.
B0000U0X1G|3.0|Okay, this movie was alright. What it lacked in plot,orinality,and what-not, it made up for in action. The whole time, I was looking for some plot,I didn't find anything.This movie was seemed to have been written by some mediocre middle school student for a &quot;Creative&quot; writting assigment. The best thing about this whole movie was these model looking actors to keep both the women(F.Y.I. Collin Farrel) and the men( F.Y.I. Michelle Rodregez)  almost  paying attention to the movie. You can tell by the way that Collin has his shirt off alot in the movie and the fact that Michelle is this strong female role model who can take care of herself, which by the way makes her even more appealing to guys. Although, full of action sequences, car chasing and all of the nessesary elements to make an 'edge of your seat thriller' falls flat on its face.
0689825498|5.0|I've read this book to my daughter since she was four months old. She really likes looking at the pictures and flaps. Other books, even classics like \\"The Runaway Bunny,\\" have too many words to interest her, but this one has a very short, succinct story and great pictures.
B00005JMEW|5.0|I have been an avid fan of QT's from &quot;Dusk Till Dawn&quot;-lol.I think that his directing style can only be compared with the late great Alfred Hithcock in that his movies require a certain I.Q., many people have several complaints(violence,complicated plots,et.all).My reply to these complaints would be 1- if you have moral objections to violence via visual entertainment-watch religious TV only, and quit bothering others with that holier than thou crap.2- to those that the plots are too busy for my advice is to either watch Disney Movies, or Jerry Springer-lol. I hope that this personnal review doesn't step on too many toes, but if it does-THAT'S ENTERTAINMENT.Kudos to QT,and to all of his loyal fans. KEEP IT COMING-QT!
B0001I55OC|4.0|After having read some of the reviews here, I did not expect much.  I was pleasantly surprised when I watched this movie!  If you like history/action/time travel movies, this one presents a very watchable story.  Yes, there are some plot holes here and there, but that's not unusual. I found nothing wrong with the acting and casting of characters. Of course the book was better, as most books are, but some liberties had to be taken when paring it down for a 2 hour movie.  There are things you'll pick up when you watch a second time, especially if you did not read the book first.<BR>A nice bonus is the special features--four of them about the making of the movie that are fairly comprehensive and decently interesting. All in all a worthy dvd, except for the lack of a booklet/chapter list, which is a pet peeve of mine.
B0001HAHXW|3.0|This is pretty good.  Most of Clapton's stuff is.  Sadly, I guess, he made a few great recordings, blazing with passion and fire. The rest of his work will always be compared unfavorably to those. Most of what he's done is tasteful and professional.  A good indicator for the potential buyer would be Clapton's last &quot;blues&quot; album &quot;From the Cradle.&quot; You'll like this, I predict, about as much as you liked that.
B00005JM02|4.0|I really liked this movie. It's cool for Adults and children. If you like disney movies you will like this one. It is interesting being in a &quot;In a fish point of few&quot;. Whenever you are in a different P.O.V. you are getting a great learning experience.
B00018D44U|4.0|Well, first of all, I don't know about you guys, but whenever I buy CDs, I make a point of listening to them first - either online, or at my local music store.  So there are loads of people out there who don't bother to do this, it seems, and then get mad because they've wasted their precious cash.  Too bad, I say to you - next time, listen up!  Second of all, is it success that makes people get so virulent?  Honestly, if NJ's second album had been radically different, I might have liked it, but the reason I went and gave it a listen was because I liked the first.  So no, I don't mind a second album in the same style.  If I hadn't - wouldn't have bought it.  Not even on the offchance that I would get to like it.  I'm not stupid.<br />Anyhow, I thought these reviews were supposed to be about the albums - not turn into personal criticisms of people's whispery voices, family backgrounds, whatever.  Looks like a lot of people need to get a life and spend less time writing sad reviews.  The curse of the computer age.......
B00003CXI1|5.0|The books may be always better but this is a really good movie. It does the main idea of the story. Really good!!!
B0000CDLA7|5.0|Before this review begins I want to say to all of the naysayers and gutless, soulless, tasteless, closeminded DT or impatient metal/rock listeners who would put an  prog-metal album as perfect as this, down.  Push out the walls of closemindedness, and obsessive prog rock fans who know nothing about playing music and get this album for your own head to rock to.  7 tracks 69 minutes and 49 seconds and if you have an imagination, musical appreciation instead of noteriety appreciation this album will blow you away and take you into a blank stare into heavy, melodic, aggressive, and mellow musical bliss.  I don't care if the band has changed they got heavier and I like it.  They still get mellow and very melodic and believe me I know music and I appreciat musicianship no matter what reform or deform a band takes, if it sounds good and it took time and the band is happy enough to put out a new breath of fresh air of an album it's gotta be good to me and it is to everybody.
0743454529|5.0|I was drawn into the book on the first page and could not put it down until I finished it at 2AM. The author does a tremendous job of presenting 7 different, and distinct viewpoints. Every character, including the unattractive ones, comes across as believable and sympathetic.<br />The central premise of the book could never happen, however. No parent is ever allowed to donate one child's kidney to another. Indeed, teenage donors have had to petition the court to be allowed to make a donation because both medicine and law recognize that no child could fully understand the risks involved. It is a tribute to the author's skill that we never question this and several other literary devices that could not possibly happen.<br />The ending is a disappointment because it is so obviously contrived. I cried my eyes out anyway, but it really was not in keeping with the integrity of the story.<br />Picoult makes a powerful statement about an important and timely issue. It will be difficult for any reader to consider cloning or other reproductive technologies without thinking about this story. The author makes it very clear that no one should be conceived as a means to an end. Every child deserves to be wanted for who she is, not what she can give.
B0001WTUH6|5.0|I love the original movie and I'm looking forward to this extended version. I think it is shallow for some to rate it lower than it deserves on the basis that it had a style that was close to other movies or whatever the reason may be. It is a cool movie with a unique style of its own and it rocks. I hope they make a sequal.
0156027321|1.0|Along with Cold Mountain, this is probably the most boring piece of literature I have ever read.  I kid you not.  I'm 55 years old, so I've read quite a few in my time.  I almost threw it away a third of the way through... It's just a lot of Blah, blah, blah with absolutely NOTHING happening.  Don't waste your money on this overly-hyped, meandering and pointless book.  You have been warned !!!
B00003CXCT|5.0|It's nearly impossible to review such an enduringly integral component of pop-culture out of that context, but Star Wars was the new fairy tales for a generation who had outgrown the old ones. A post-Vietnam, post-Watergate, jaded, cynical society was looking for new legends in which to believe, and they found them in the form of the Death Star, Darth Vader, and Luke Skywalker. To this day, Star Wars is big business (just look at merchandise sales and box office grosses) which still has a rabid group of fans, but recent installments have been critically panned and lukewarmly received by viewers. So, not having been able to hold back fan response any longer, Lucas has released the first three movies on DVD, in a move that is sure to give him even more money. This time, though, we know we're getting good stuff: two classic films and a pretty good finale.<br />Star Wars brings back a lot of nostalgia for a lot of people, and for good reason: it taps into the ever-powerful good vs. evil motif, it gives us a hero to root for and a villain to hiss at. There's space battles, jailbreaks, and a powerful emotional payoff at the end. It is the template of what makes a good movie, and happens to be pretty entertaining to this day. Its sequel, though, is my favorite of the group. The Empire Strikes Back adds shades of gray to the Star Wars universe, its much darker look and feel and mythic overtones (and less than happy ending) make this the least favorite of some and the favorite of the rest of us. The Empire Strikes Back also has one of the best plot twists in history, and aside from all the spoofing throughout the years, I still get a tingle down my spine when Vader tells Luke, \\"I am your father!\\" We get a gritty melodrama where things don't turn out all right at the end of the day, but it is not a grim tale, there is a balance in the storytelling that really works for the movie. The final installment, Return of the Jedi, is less than the sum of its parts. Good vs. Evil -- good. Father vs. Son, Vader vs. Skywalker -- good. Ewoks -- not so much (they were born to become collectible teddy bears for Star Wars fans). This movie did end the trilogy in a very satisfying manner, though: the emotional payoff made the entire journey worthwhile.<br />There's still a lot to like about these movies: I think the special effects look great (and unlike recent installments are not at all gratuituous), the fairy-tale like narrative style and fantastic locations and images are indellible. Although there is a high probability that everyone in the world has seen these movies, and many own a set, the DVD set promises to be worth the buy (until Lucas releases another one in a year). Enjoy.
B0001ENY6M|5.0|I have to admit that I was somewhat bemused by Debney's appointment to this film - but how I must eat my words. <br />The Passion of the Christ includes, without doubt, some of the best music Debney has ever written, and in my opinion stands proudly beside his other masterpiece- Cut Throat Island.<br />Shades of Gladiator, Passion and The Last Temptation of Christ there may be, but this is quite obviously music coming straight from Debney's heart.<br />This is one of the most stunning soundtracks I've ever heard.
B00005JMSE|5.0|Actor Ron Perlman has the ability to portray someone with emotion underneath tons of makeup. He did it as the Beast in the TV series \\"Beauty and the Beast\\" (with Linda Hamilton), and as 'Hellboy' he does it again. What a great performance. He is exciting, romantic, sympathetic, humorous, tough...disguised as this huge demon with sawed-off horns. What makes the film work for me is his performance. The other characters were OK, but \\"Hellboy\\" would not have worked without Perlman's charm. The Academy may not remember this film next February, but Perlman's performace deserves a nod over most of the current crop of comic book characters portrayed on film. The guy can really act. Go see \\"Hellboy\\". It's a lot of fun.
0345442970|4.0|\\"The Chancellor has little real power...he is mired down by baseless accusations of corruption.\\" -- Senator Palpatine of Naboo to Queen Amidala, Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace.<br />One of the intentions writer-director George Lucas had when writing the current prequels in the Star Wars saga was to illustrate how precarious democracy can be and how it can transform itself into a dictatorship.  This little civics lesson, when added to the \\"main story\\" of how and why Anakin Skywalker becomes one of filmdom's greatest villains, was intended to answer such questions as \\"How did the Emperor take power?\\" and \\"Why were the Jedi nearly destroyed?\\"  (Unfortunately, for many Star Wars fans, this civics lesson made Episode I seem like a galactic edition of C-SPAN, with all that talky maneuvering and manipulating in the Senate Hall.)<br />There are, however, some fans who do like the intrigue and political backstabbing that marks the end of the Galactic Republic, and James Luceno's Star Wars: Cloak of Deception gives willing readers a fascinating look behind the scenes of those \\"baseless accusations\\" aimed at Supreme Chancellor Valorum...the ones that are distracting the Republic's chief executive just as the Senate is about to be bogged down by the question of the taxation of trade routes in the galaxy.<br />Set shortly before the events chronicled in Michael Reaves' Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter and Star Wars: Episode I, Cloak of Deception follows Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his Padawan apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi as they investigate the daring space pirate Captain Cohl and his gang, who have been striking at the heavily armed \\"freighters\\" of the Trade Federation...that greedy multi-system entity controlled mostly by the Neimoidians who have allied themselves with the mysterious Sith Lord.  But is Cohl raiding the disguised warships just to steal from the rich and make a name for himself? Is he allied to those systems that are sick and tired of being extorted by the Trade Federation? Or is he merely one of many pawns being manipulated by Palpatine/Darth Sidious in his endless chain of schemes-within-schemes in order to create a major crisis that will push the well-meaning but ineffectual Finis Valorum out of office, thus paving the way for Palpatine's ascent to the Supreme Chancellorship?<br />This being one of several literary prequels to The Phantom Menace, savvy readers know the ultimate outcome of this story, but Luceno is one of the best Star Wars writers, and Cloak of Deception masterfully combines much of Lucas' back story and symbolism (Finis Valorum, the Supreme Chancellor's name, in Latin, roughly translates to brave or valiant end) with a suspenseful storyline replete with intrigue, action, and a more detailed look at Senator Palpatine and his cronies' plots and counterplots that will culminate in the Naboo Crisis.Federation? Or is he merely one of many pawns being manipulated by Palpatine/Darth Sidious in his endless chain of schemes-within-schemes in order to create a major crisis that will push the well-meaning but ineffectual Finis Valorum out of office, thus paving the way for Palpatine's ascent to the Supreme Chancellorship?<br />This being one of several literary prequels to The Phantom Menace, savvy readers know the ultimate outcome of this story, but Luceno is one of the best Star Wars writers, and Cloak of Deception masterfully combines much of Lucas' back story and symbolism (Finis Valorum, the Supreme Chancellor's name, in Latin, roughly translates to brave or valiant end) with a suspenseful storyline replete with intrigue, action, and a more detailed look at Senator Palpatine and his cronies' plots and counterplots that will culminate in the Naboo Crisis.
B0001907DA|1.0|Why don't films such as James Cagney's &quot;White Heat&quot; get released, but THIS abomination does??? Lord Almighty, are you playing a cruel, twisted joke by allowing the most horrible film series (until Paul W. S. Anderson came to Hollywood, that is) to be released instead of titles that deserve to be?
B000002LKF|5.0|Absolutely incredible!!! As perfect as a soft breeze during a warm summers night. I wait till spring every year to bring this album out of my collection an into my c.d player and once I do it never leaves! When I first heard this c.d I had just fallen in love with Paul Simon's Graceland months earlier and I kept comparing it to that. Now years later there is no comparison. Graceland is fantastic and easily one of my favorite albums, but The Rhythm of the Saints is so much more. It's an overwhelming feeling of peace and relaxation, but it also has a mysterious and hypnotic quality. I urge you to buy this album and give it a chance, and I hope, like the perfect drug that it is, transcends you to another place!
B0000DJZA0|5.0|I am a new fan and just love this CD/DVD.  Haven't had a chance to view the DVD yet, but I have been playing the CD in SUV every day.
B0001HAHXW|1.0|What happened to EC? Ill tell you what happened he lost his<BR>MOJO. He made enough money to buy his soul back from the Devil<BR>at the crossroads. Truth is in his old age he just doesnt have it anymore. What turned all of us on when we were young is no-<BR>where to be found on this CD or for that matter the last few.<BR>I think he still has it in him ( CONCERET FOR GEORGE )but this<BR>CD lacks the passion were used to from EC. If you have liked his last few CDs you might enjoy this, but if your a long time fan<BR>looking for that old flame I highly do not recommend this CD.
B000084T18|5.0|I think one reason hip-hop was so popular last year was just because of this cd.  I absolutey loved it for a long time, but i think i listened to it to much but it is still a great cd to put on now and then.  The best track is deffiantly Backdown its really hot, they even reused the beat on the G-Unit cd in Beg For Mercy but made it a lil faster Backdown is better tho.  They were right 50 Cent is the future.
0141439807|5.0|While this isn't the greatest of Jane Austen's novels and is somewhat light on external action, it is certainly a fine example of characterization, by which I mean that the action takes place inside the heads of the main characters, especially Fanny Price, the heroine.  Fanny is 10 years old when she comes to live with her mean-spirited relatives at Mansfield Park, and grows to womanhood in an environment full of condescension and personal challenge.  Her story, and her resulting triumph over prejudice and emotional greed, was an inspiration to women when it was written, and continues to be so today.<br />If you are not familiar with Jane Austen's work, don't be put off by the comments of others.  Start with one of her more well-known novels, such as Pride and Prejudice or Emma, and then work up to Mansfield Park after you've come to love Austen.<br />If you are one of those women who, like me, devoured Austen's more well-known novels and are now searching for the lesser known work, will enjoy Mansfield Park as well.  I give it five stars just for the simple fact that it was written by Austen, arguably one of the greatest writers in the English language, male or female.
B000023VR6|5.0|Since its release in 1999, this CD has spent more time in my deck than any other. 2001 is easily one of the greatest CD's to ever hit the record stores. Dr. Dre's production returns at the same high level of quality as &quot;The Chronic&quot; and he still brings the best of the best as guests in his tracks: Snoop, Xzibit, Kurupt, Eminem, Hit Man, etc. The Watcher, Still D.R.E., XXplosive, The Next Episode, Ackrite, and Bang Bang are my personal favorites--yet it's hard to say that I really have favorites on a CD this good. If you enjoy rap music, this is an absolute must have. I recommend buying it immediately if you don't already have it.
B0001AVZA8|1.0|Is this film meant to be uplifting? You've got to be kidding.   In what universe would it be considered acceptable for a successful woman to choose the puffy, lecherous commitmentphobe who beds her, doesn't call and humiliates her, over the loving, cute doctor who happens to be 20 years her junior?  Is it considered to be &quot;mature&quot; to be with a man your age who neglects you and is incapable of forming a serious relationship? And oh, by the way, you met the old guy when he was dating YOUR DAUGHTER. Ecccchhh.  And to nominate Diane Keaton for this role, which is basically a yuppie Annie Hall retread, for an Academy Award is simply a joke.  See this movie at your peril.
630438551X|5.0|I thought this was a great movie. It shows us in our current era, the views on what happens in Romeo and Juliet. The fact that Mercutio is a drug addict, cross-dressing, african-american (Which not many do know about) was quite interesting and did prove his char. well. I was stunned the most at Leo and Claire's acting skills very much.<br />The only thing I do recommend is to read the play first, or you may not catch on to fast. I saw this in my English class, and I thought it was nice to watch other then just reading it.
B000002BUY|5.0|Quite a while ago, I picked up Morning View.  I liked it a lot, but it wasn't enough for me to keep looking for Incubus (and the fact that I only ever found songs from Make Yourself didn't help).  Then one day in a restaurant, I heard some music playing that I really liked the sound of.  It sounded like Brandon singing, but there was no way the Incubus I knew could be playing music like this!  So I made a mental note of the one lyric I could pick out, and then searched for it.  Turns out it was &quot;Favorite Things&quot; and as soon as I found out where it came from, and having listened to one or two other songs on the album, I went and bought it.<br />At first listen I was more surprised by the difference between S.C.I.E.N.C.E. and Morning View than anything.  I didn't really understand what was going on with the music - the funky, syncopated groove of songs like 'Redefine' and 'New Skin' went right over my head.  'Vitamin' was much more friendly, since I listen to a lot of hard rock and it immediately seemed right at home (this CD has a lot of bass in the mix.  I blew my speakers listening to 'Vitamin' too loud ;)  A couple of the songs I just didn't understand - like the heavy-quiet 'Idiot Box,' and 'Magic Medicine' with its bass, drums, and children's book reading, while others like 'Glass' and 'Deep Inside' I loved the first time I heard them.<br />The CD stayed in my player for about a month, and over that time I finally started to get my head around the idea of funk - and I realized that I really liked it, especially when fused with the hard rock that I like so much.  This combination put Incubus in my top 4 favorite bands, along with I Mother Earth, Spacehog, and Dream Theater.<br />If you like funk or hard rock and are looking for a little new music, give this album a listen.  If you really like A Crow Left Of The Murder and are looking for more along those lines, try Make Yourself or Morning View instead.  If you want to see Incubus' true roots, check this album out.  No true Incubus fan that I know likes only their new stuff.  <br />The only problem I have with it is the fact that it's Incubus' only album like this.  More musical, tighter, and more polished than their previous stuff, but before they turned to where they are now.  Their new music isn't a compromise made for radio play or anything - they just took a COMPLETELY different direction.  If you listen to 'A Crow Left Of The Murder' and 'S.C.I.E.N.C.E.' it sounds like two different bands.
B00008H2LB|5.0|After only hearing tracks from Hybrid Theory I didn't really feel like that much of a Linkin Park fan.  The only tracks that did anything for me were Crawling, In The End, and One Step Closer.  That was until I decided to acknowledge the hype that was their album Meteora.  I worked at a local music store throughout the summer and winter and managed to occassionally listen to some short cuts of the tracks of this album.  I really found myself enjoying the song Numb more than anything.  The video for this song is incredible and the lyrics really hit home with me personally.  Now, after purchasing the album, I've become a huge fan of Linkin Park's music.  They've got a really incredible way of taking the sound of heavy rock and metal and blending it together with true messages for the listeners.<br />Foreward: The opening track is instrumental but it's got a good way of building up the suspense of what else the listener is about to hear with a lot of bass.<br />Don't Stay: Negative yet uplifting lyrics with good drums and scratches<br />Somewhere I Belong: A wonderful song making hurt and shunned people think about where they want to be in their lives.<br />Lying From You: Slightly spooky keyboards and guitars mixed with lyrics of lies and begging make for a good song about relationships gone wrong<br />Hit The Floor: A good follow up to Lying From You explains the man's side of a heated argument with his girl.<br />Easier To Run: An incredible track of hope, wonder, and just plain new age backgrounds.  Replacing pain, not wanting to face it, it's just simply easier to run away and leave it behind.<br />Faint: One of the groups most popular tracks that's best played in a hall filled with a crowd.  Showing off all the pain of a person whose known for backing off and finally standing up, not being ignored.<br />Figure 09: Never goes away...and now you've become a part of me, you'll always be right here...you'll always be my fear.  There's really nothing more I could addother than this track is a good precursor to the song Numb.<br />Breaking The Habit: A different side of Linkin Park that takes on telling a history of what's worth fighting for, why things were said, knowing what's right and wrong, realizing what one must do to live.<br />From the Inside: Good keyboards help in telling another story of pain and hurt and wanting to put trust in someone.<br />Nobody's Listening: Interesting flute gives this song of warnings being ignored almost an Asian feel.<br />Session: Heard in the soundtrack for The Matrix Reloaded, this song's probably best heard as a &quot;last call for alcohol&quot; or when people are just lounging around at night and wondering what their next move or step in this great big world will be.<br />Numb: The best song on the whole album for me speaks out incredibly on how hard it is to cope with what others think when you're only being yourself.  I deal with this constantly and if anything else, it's mixing sadness with venting frustration which climaxes into a message that says &quot;Stop, I'm not you.  I don't want to be, and I never will be you.  I'm only me, myself, and I and there's nothing you can do to change that&quot;.
B0001BKAEY|1.0|I loved the first movie, liked the second one, fell asleep during this one.
B00006879E|5.0|For a debut album &quot;Songs about Jane&quot; really surprised me...!! the group has amazin lyrics and beats... my best songs and the ones i'd recommend to hear first are &quot;This love&quot; &quot;Not Coming Home&quot; &amp; &quot;Shiver&quot;... the album is aproximately 45 minutes of amazing beats and lyrics... i'd recommend this to any person who likes 3 doors down's style .... hope the next album would be better
0743201140|4.0|I actually purchased a new copy of this book.  I used it, and loved it.  However, I wanted my fiance to benefit from the book, and didn't think I should have to buy another copy to have access to the online tool.<br />So I sent Gallup an email via their strengthsfinder.com website.  I gave the original ID code and asked if it was possible to purchase a new code so that a family member could use the book as well.  Within 2 days, I had a new &lt;free&gt; access code for my fiance.  I can't speak for Gallup, but I would imagine that if enough people write in that they purchase used copies of the book and would like to purchase a new ID code, Gallup would either give the inquirer one for free, or would set up a system to start selling the ID codes for just a few dollars.  Give it a try!  OH - and by the way, I had to give my book's ID number - I think they track how many extensions they give out so that they aren't just giving money away by not selling enough copies of the book!
B00016POFE|5.0|Hey, my friends! From an old timer: I never liked the music of the 90s until I heard this band this century. Well, I really shouldn't call them a 90s band. That would be an insult. If you'd like to see Gentle Giant meet Zeppelin meet Crosby, Stills &amp; Nash meet Crimson meet Depeche Mode... God, it's hard to describe! All I can say is if you like killer compositions, good vocals, and the right amount of heavy guitar without going overboard like DT, this is your band! I'm extremely critical of 99.9% of the music out there. And I give &quot;Absentia&quot; a 5!!!
B000006OAM|3.0|I guess this album has received a few lowered brows in comparison to her other solo albums and her work with 10,000 maniacs. However, I am not familiar with her other solo albums so I believe this album to stand on it's own legs (metaphorically speaking). Almost all of the tracks are slow and usually very deep, some of them even dark. So if you are in that kind of mood, this is the perfect album. There are two note-worthy tracks: Life is Sweet and My Skin. They are very good songs individually and in compilation with the other tracks, well, it makes for a pretty decent album.
0440238609|5.0|This is a really enjoyable story that is mostrously engaging to read. At the end of the day, that is what puts Pullman's series into the top echelon of kid/adult books. It is also a complex book that can be misunderstood.<br />I think it is very misleading to say Dark Materials is a new Harry Potter.  What makes the Harry Potter series so engaging is that it really gets to the heart of kid-ness.  Dark Materials has Potter's bullies, buddies, magic, friendship, and monsters, but it also captures the staggering mismatch between how we want the world to be and the compromises that adulthood and \\"civilization\\" seemed to necessitate.<br />Dark Materials is imaginative like Potter, but it is not about adolescence. It is about humanity. In my opinion, it is the humanists answer to Narnia. In fact, it is really a story about storytelling, the type of storytelling that is at the core of civilization and who we are.<br />For Lyra (the protagonist) Will, the Gyptians, witches, bears, etc., relationships with each other are simultaneously rigid - one is a bear or is not a bear, and fluid - can one be a person without a daemon?  Their identities are revealed as a set of shared stories that define how their individual societies are organized and how they interact.<br />The \\"tribalism\\" for lack of a better word, creates an extremely rich tapestry to explore issues about how we justify our actions. It also allows Pullman to explore the nature of authority, ritual, commitment, and personal choice across many dimensions (literally and figuratively). We get the opportunity to look at marriage, kiship, family, race, and, as you probably have noticed from other postings, religion.<br />It unfortunately easy to overlook the creative genius behind these stories by over-focusing on the issue of religion.  It is, however, worth it.  <br />I would encourage the reader to see this as a tremendously creative story about how the greatest fears, and the greatest motivators, are the stories thatwe use to define who we really are. It is a brilliant arc that illuminates the inconsistencies in our worldview, our insecurities, and our flaws.  It also exposes how our stories ennoble us and enable us to survive.<br />Read His Dark Materials.  Revel in the creativity, the tone, and the story.  Excuse the minor glitches in the ending.  This is not Harry Potter, with its warm embrace of clear moral direction and clean endings.  This is a book that revels in our complexity and reveals the massive creativity that underlies our conscious existence.  It tells stories about how much existence relies on stories. <br />It is also a great way to spend a few weeks worth of evenings!
B00006L83N|5.0|The Odyssey has to be one of the best CD's, no, the best CD I own. The songs are great, if your looking to see what Progressive metal is all about; The Odyssey shows the godliness of it. Anyone who says otherwise, obviously has never seen SymphonyX in concert. I've seen them live, they are an extremely talented group. If you've never heard Symphony X, I suggest you give them a listen.
B00008J4P5|4.0|I really didn't want to like this album. I gave it a chance because Rolling Stone listed it close to the top of Best Guitar Albums Ever (not that I lie down to Rolling Stone, more like trying to disprove them).  They were right.  The guitar on this album screeches, swings, slides, stomps, and plenty more cool alliterations. Beyond the affable hit \\"Seven Nation Army\\", the Stripes rock out on very well-written tracks like \\"Girl, You Have No Faith in Medicine\\", \\"There's No Home For You Here\\" and \\"I Just Don't Know What to Do With Myself\\". The unquestionable peak of guitar on the album is in \\"Ball and Biscuit\\", curiously longer than all the other tracks (7:19). Skip to this track and turn it up as high as you can stand - wow. What a display.  The band's playful side shines through on 'mini-tracks' \\"In the Cold, Cold Night\\" and \\"It's True That We Love One Another\\", aong with many of the jovial lyrics that seem to stretch and run into the music, like they must leave Jack out of breath during every show (see \\"...Medicine\\", \\"I Want to Be the Boy to Win Your Mother's Heart).  Overall, this album converted me from cynic to believer. A solid effort well worth the chance.
0061015725|5.0|This writer continually amazes me. I have virtually every one of his books and have never regreted buying a single one. This one is equally fascinating, both as a dramatic tale and as hard science behind the fiction, for nano-bots are most definitely on the way and, yes, they could spell as much trouble as salvation for us humans. Read the book and you'll see. This book, like all other Crichton books, is up there with sci-fi greats like &quot;Stranger in a Strange Land&quot;, &quot;2010&quot;, &quot;Puppet Masters&quot;, &quot;Mona Lisa Overdrive&quot;, &quot;Cryptonomicon&quot;, &quot;Snow Crash&quot;, &quot;Cyber Hunter&quot;, and many more.
076790382X|4.0|&quot;I'm a Stranger Here Myself&quot; is a collection of columns by Bill Bryson printed in England for an English audience. Most of them are amusing anecdotes on life in America, and especially wistful recalling of life in America as he knew it twenty years ago contrasted with the present day. In his world, the present generally is inferior, though there is quite a bit of self doubting in his opinion pieces (notably especially when discussing motels and drive-in movies) and occasionally praise for modernity (look hard.)<br />When he sticks to wry commentary on humorous topics (the IRS, computers, customer service, etc.) he is hilarious; kind of a more urbane Dave Barry. I was on a few occasions irritated with the book, and each time it was on one of two topics: air travel or immigration. He has nothing good to say about traveling by plane (and sometimes I would agree with him), and he goes to great lengths, for instance, to complain that he arrived at an airport with no photo ID, and had difficulty getting on the plane. (Who travels by plane without a photo ID?) In fact on several occasions he blames others for misfortunes caused patently by his own (frequently admitted) ineptness, ignorance, or forgetfulness. I find it perfectly reasonable that if you show up for a flight with no photo ID, that you don't get on the plane. He took the attitude that the security forces were inept, loser idiots who should have known who he was, and clearly should have made an exception for him, a celebrity. He goes as far as to contrast this to the UK where he relates a tale of a customs agent telling him to lie to get into the country and praising him for his efficiency. This truly rubbed me the wrong way, and I hope he would not have been so foolish to write that after 9/11. He is also goes off on a rant against people opposed to immigration in the US, saying that so little of the country is built up that we should, essentially, let anyone that wants to come in feel welcome. Mind you, this is the same guy who, just a few pages away who laments how built up the country is getting and how terrible it is. Nobody noticed this seeming contradictory position during editing, for some reason. He also thinks that it is unreasonable to deny benefits to illegal aliens, ignoring that in the state of Arizona alone, the cost of medical care for illegals is almost $1 Billion (of  US taxpayer dollars) annually, and that in the Southwest an enormously disproportionate amount of crime is the work of illegals. I realize his wife is English, and I appreciate his toils to get her into the country legally, but to impugn that anyone opposed to illegal immigration is a cretin, is ignorant at best and insulting at worst. Hey, Bill, one more time: unlike your wife, the vast majority of immigration foes are talking about people here ILLEGALLY!<br />Having said that, overall I liked the book, and will almost certainly buy more Bryson books. Some of the gems are truly worth reading and re-reading, particularly the address he gave to a high school graduation. I think it's worth four stars, and it would have been worth five easily if it wasn't for some of the pompous self-righteousness in a couple of the chapters. Read it and decide for yourself.you, this is the same guy who, just a few pages away who laments how built up the country is getting and how terrible it is. Nobody noticed this seeming contradictory position during editing, for some reason. He also thinks that it is unreasonable to deny benefits to illegal aliens, ignoring that in the state of Arizona alone, the cost of medical care for illegals is almost $1 Billion (of  US taxpayer dollars) annually, and that in the Southwest an enormously disproportionate amount of crime is the work of illegals. I realize his wife is English, and I appreciate his toils to get her into the country legally, but to impugn that anyone opposed to illegal immigration is a cretin, is ignorant at best and insulting at worst. Hey, Bill, one more time: unlike your wife, the vast majority of immigration foes are talking about people here ILLEGALLY!<br />Having said that, overall I liked the book, and will almost certainly buy more Bryson books. Some of the gems are truly worth reading and re-reading, particularly the address he gave to a high school graduation. I think it's worth four stars, and it would have been worth five easily if it wasn't for some of the pompous self-righteousness in a couple of the chapters. Read it and decide for yourself.
B00012QM86|1.0|The actual movie was GREAT. The DVD was put together so fast that the sound is off, I mean really OFF, in some scenes, you can't even hear what is going on, &amp; I had my sound ALL the way up. This should have been put on 2, but they put it on 1, back to back, side A &amp; side B, side 1 &amp; side 2. Where was quality control, when this was being made??????
B00005JLR8|5.0|Two magical moments occur when the picture and the music deliver a punch. This movie brings a smile to your face and a feel good feeling to your soul.
B0000CFW87|5.0|I just happen to buy this not expecting much but i found it absouloutly amazing, its such a great cd, and its like listening to a piece of heaven, some of the songs arnt in English but, those are my favorite, he is such a fantastic singer.
B0001DI0FI|4.0|but so what. A character centered war picture is not something usually as well done as this. You'll be glad you weren't conscripted.
B0001IN07Q|3.0|My wife and I saw Michael at Massey Hall in Toronto and thought it was the best concert we had ever seen. We were hoping that this DVD would try to give fans who have not seen him live, a chance to receive a similar experience. The problem was that the terrible fast editing job does not do anything to show how he performs or moves. In fact a lot of the video footage shown doesn't even sync with the audio. The backstage and other non concert footage was good, although he tried too hard to show that he was not a &quot;goody-two-shoes&quot;.It was a kind of forced attempt to be edgy. I think his natural personality and talent are edgy enough. The CD was a great bonus, but why all the repeat of old released songs. I find I just skip to &quot;my funny valentine&quot;, &quot;you'll never know&quot;, &quot;nice and easy&quot; and &quot;mack the knife&quot;. Sorry Michael I expected much more from you, the person I believe is the best male performer in the business today. People who compare Cincotti, Evans, Robbie Williams or even I dare say Harry Connick to Michael Buble....Puuhlease!.
B00005JMEW|4.0|Yes, there is a point when you ask &quot;Does no one own a gun?&quot;. But you do leave feeling your time spent in the theater was worth it.
0385336810|5.0|Just as good as the shopaholic series.I busted out laughing at times, very witty. I found this to be a fun, easy, good read. Another book that I recommend is &quot;He Never Called Again&quot;, I can't think of the author's name.
B000065U1N|1.0|While accurately recreating the events of this tragic day, this film does little other than glorify war and America.<br />In Black Hawk Down, American soldiers are gallant heroes, while the Somali people are violent, faceless herds.  We are given little background to the long history and culture of these people and it is unlikely that the typical American viewer knows the constant battle they have had with outside forces meddling in their business, corrupt rulers toying with their loyalties, and violence plaguing their daily lives.<br />What is the point of a film like this if it serves no other purpose than displaying the director's skill at filming violent scenes?  What is the point, if we learn nothing about what led to this awful day in Somalia? If we learn nothing about the hundreds of Somali people who died that day?  and only about the few US soldiers who did?<br />Can one life worth more than another? Certainly not. But Ridley Scott seems to think so.<br />What about one story being more interesting than another? Certainly. And if that's the case, this story isnt the more interesting one.  The interesting story is the one that wasn't told-- the story of the Somali people.<br />If only we could learn from horrible days like that one, rather than continuing to glorify them through shallow films like this.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|Having just written the OED on \\"Revolutions\\" (the \\"Big Picture\\" a phrase my retirement from business exempts me from most gratefully; you've no idea how many execs nearly became castrati because they wouldn't stop blithering cliches...), I realize I left out some details.<br />First: Larry Fishburne (that's what he called his sixteen year old self on \\"Apocalypse Now\\") brings is classy classicim to a role that could have easily given vent to an actor's worst temptation to overact (for an example of overacting, see Diane Sawyer's attack piece, er, interview with Mel \\"I Made 300M bucks and you can kiss my...\\" Gibson.<br />He brings the gravitas of Henry II (whom he's played on Broadway) and the humanity of the best of officers compounded with the desperate dedication of the fanatic.  A bravura performance.<br />Jada Pinkett Smith brings a gritty, edgy performance to balance Neo's omnipresent calm exterior.  I found her performance most enjoyable.  She really made me believe she was piloting a hovercraft down a tiny maintenance shaft.  Even with the age difference, I saw some real chemistry between her and Fishburne, age difference not withistanding.<br />Captain Roland is played wonderfully as the frustrated commander who knows he's in over his head yet refuses to recognize it.  Fine acting.<br />Finally, the man who played Bane has not received his critical due.  The fan reviewer who pointed out his mastery of Weaving's gestures was dead on the money.  But it was more uncanny than that.  It shows an eye for detail, for he captures not just Smith's vocal and facial expressions, but his gestures and body language; even the contempt seems Smith's.  I hope we can expect big things from this actor in the future.<br />\\"The Siege\\" is one of the best of a spate of intense battle scenes from the last decade plus, from Omaha Beach in \\"Private Ryan\\", to the \\"final\\" confrontation in \\"The Patriot,\\" to the final shootout in \\"The Usual Suspects\\" to the two big heist scenes in \\"Heat,\\" the entrance in to the hell of German-occupied Stalingrad at the beginning of \\"Enemy at the Gates.\\"  Those were even more overwhelming because something very much like them (we can forgive Dean Devlin's ignorance of the rolling fire technique used by British platoons instead of the \\"all at once\\" volleys we see in \\"The Patriot\\"; this gave the Brits the advantage of pouring constant fire into enemy lines--as they did to Old Guard at Waterloo--who had to stop, unload, en masse and then fire en masse; the British weren't the best soldiers in Europe for two hundred years for nothing!).<br />Yes \\"The Siege\\" is stunning, overwhelming.  But how else could an attack by a quarter million murderous robots be?<br />Never look for reasons to hate a work of art.  If that's what you're doing, then you're running an agenda, not appreciating art.  If you don't like it, fine.  Cogetn criticism can make even the dedicated fan appreciate his favorite work of art.  But in this case, there is too much good and too little bad for the latter to matter.<br />'Tis a pity the pedants and nitpickers never figure this out.
B00005JMX4|5.0|The girl next door is a hilarious comedy about a boy named Mathew (Emile Hirsch) whose new neighbor Danielle (Elisha Cuthbert) is a girl he falls in love with. He then finds out she is a porn star, he then makes a dumb mistake of trying to sleep with her just because she's a porn star. Danielle then thinks Mathew is an a**, then Mathew realizes he can stop carrying about Danielle. Then a porn producer comes along, which then dislikes Mathew because he's taking Danielle away from the porn business. Mathew raised $25,000 to get the next Einstein from Cambodia, The producer lost $30,000 from losing Danielle from a porn movie, he then steals the 25,000 from Mathew, then its up to Mathew and his pals to come up with the money. <br />This is a really funny movie. It shows a great message in saying, porn stars are people too. This is another teen classic comedy like the American Pie series. It has classic scenes with acceptable performances. This film could be romantic in a way girls would say. I guess it was. This film has great cameos. From the director of the \\"Animal\\", if you love teen comedies like American Pie, Not another Teen movie, and old school teen classics like \\"Porkys, you will definitely like this film. This film has some nudity like other teen comedies, so I'm just warning people who get offended by that kind of material. This is a great romantic/comedy about living as a teen. I highly recommend you watch this film, it is a definite must see.
B0001BKAEY|5.0|As with any genre, science fiction (sf) has certain themes which lesser writers have used so often they've degenerated into cliches or parody.  Time travel is the most obvious.  Berman's Star Trek used time travel so often it's become a joke.  That the last two NexGen movies discarded it altogether is proof that this hoary cliche has been exhausted.<BR>The other great theme of the genre is the `revolt of/from the machines, a time when our own creations would achieve sentience and attempt to destroy us.  This goes back to Colossus of the Sixties, Battlestar Galactica in the Seventies and the 2000s.  Even the first hacker movie \\"War Games\\" central theme was that of a sentient computer run wild, the human element removed from the loop.<BR>The Machine theme resonates more everyday. Technology begins to speed past the limits of the comprehensible, invades literally every corner of our lives, from the most public to the most private acts,<BR>The reliance on ever more sophisticated computers grows geometrically despite the fluctuations of the business cycles.  Every year, nearly every day, some new gadget is proffered even if there is tangible reason for its existence or purpose.  Even though our most sophisticated computers are still nothing but series of switches which open and shut and greater or slower speed, \\"intelligent software\\" that which can \\"learn\\" is still really just matter of processor and bus speed.  Scientists debate whether such machine intelligence is even possible.  Never the less, the reassurances of the eggheads can do little against what the heart fears.<BR>Yet the Brothers W have taken this increasingly hackneyed-but real-fear of our machines and produced the ultimate dystopia.  In fact, in a tyranny so foul that even a mind of winter such as Stalin's could never have conceived it.  Human beings are no longer valued for anything but units of heat and electricity.  The mind is controlled, imprisoned, yet always aware, at some deep level, that the worldits senses report isn't real.  The Architect confirms this in \\"Matrix Reloaded.\\"  We are cleverly led to infer that the Oracle is in fact an \\"agent provocateur\\" whose task is to lead the resistance and Zion to destruction.  The Architect also revealed that the Matrix was not two hundred, but more probably closer to six hundred years old.  A grim, insane, genocidal drama, Neo learns, has been played on a ruined Earth simply to satisfy a computer's insane compulsion to solve the equation that makes mankind's slavery permanent and irresistible; \\"inevitable\\" Agent Smith might say.<BR>In \\"The Matrix\\" we are shown a world is a nightmare scenario sending chills precisely because it is so logical.  In the \\"The Matrix Reloaded\\" the lesson of looking beyond what our assumptions tell us to the real truth and we are left bewildered, like the characters, as to the motives not only of their fellow humans but now even the machines are revealed to be in conflict.  It is made clear that machines can't even control themselves.  Programs hack each other, create their own \\"constructs\\" and in every way add indigestible variables to the Architect's precious equation.  Like all evil creatures of genius he lies by telling the truth.  But which truth?  Which choice?<BR>\\"Revolutions\\" moves slowly, with the dynamism of the action scenes and the emotional intensity of the exposition, it builds to the shattering climax that must be.  Zion is now directly under attack.  As producer Joel Silver reveals in one of the lamer extras, \\"The Siege\\" of Zion, 17 minutes of film, cost fifty or sixty million dollars. <BR>And every dollar was well spent.  The battle scenes literally overwhelm even on computer monitors or smaller TVs.  Add to this the well-acted desperation of the human fighters and you have a battlefield reality nearly as grim as Spielberg's or Arnaud's. The stalwart defense, seemingly succeeding, is crumbled in an instant when tens of thousands of sentinels literally flood Zion's ship docklike mushrooming hordes of locust.  If you don't gasp at this, you may have lost your capacity for wonder.<BR>The scene quickly exhausts superlatives.  I won't spoil the ending or reveal the fate of any major characters. But in year in which ANY film would have been thrown into the shade by Jackson's completion of the \\"Lord of the Rings\\" film, \\"Matrix Revolutions\\" shouldn't be overlooked.  George Lucas needs a copy of all three of these films immediately.  This Star Wars fan-who's already ordered his DVD trilogy of Eps 4,5 &amp;6 (Ewoks are just my cross to bear)-desperately hopes he's seen them.  Because the W Brothers have raised the special effects bar in sf so high that only a repetition of Star Wars' groundbreaking, industry-shaking impact can he reclaim his place as Lord of SF films.  Right now the title is up for grabs because we haven't seen, and won't for a year, Episode 3.<BR>As much as I love the \\"Matrix\\", part of me is still that five year old boy, sitting in a movie theater, in awed silence, as that star destroyer fills the screen in Star War's opening shot.  I had never seen anything like and I know I never will.  Perhaps the \\"failed\\" expectations are ours not, not his.  I know that Lucas still has a grand slam left in him, that the \\"kids\\" (hell they're my age!) do not have sole possession of the field yet.  But if Ep 3 fails to exceed expectations, then the field will be wide open and the Brothers W will have it all to them selves; that and crappy, bloated comic book knockoffs.
